The mask 6 1 July 1913 naau_1913-07_01 The mask 6 1 Untitled Image Illustration 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRATIONS. 2 A VENETIAN MARIONETTE. One of the figures of the marionette theatre taken to her new home by Loredana Grimani on her marriage with Francesco Morosini, in Venice. 1772. And now in the Museo Correr in that city. Illustration 4 VOLUME SIX. PRELUDE. Gordon Craig cre 5-8 Untitled Image Illustration 5 Untitled Image Illustration 5 Untitled Image Illustration 8 TO THE ENEMIES OF THE THEATRE. THE CHATTERING CIRCLE OF LONDON: THE PRETENDED LOVERS OF THE STAGE. 9 Untitled Image Illustration 9 THE RUSSIAN BALLET Gordon Craig cre 10-19 Untitled Image Illustration 18 LE BALLET DES POLONAIS PRESENTED AT THE TUILERIES 1573. Illustration 19 A HISTORY OF PUPPETS "Yorick cre 21-36 Untitled Image Illustration 21 Untitled Image Illustration 36 THE SCENARIOS OF DELLA PORTA Dr Michele Scherillo cre 37-52 Untitled Image Illustration 37 ENGLISH SENTIMENTALITY John Balance cre 53-57 Untitled Image Illustration 53 EUROPEAN DEPRESSION Gordon Craig cre 58-61 Untitled Image Illustration 58 Untitled Image Illustration 61 MONKEY TRICKS Yoo-no-hoo cre 61-65 Untitled Image Illustration 61 Untitled Image Illustration 65 EURIPIDES AT FIESOLE Ernest Marriott cre 66-68 Untitled Image Illustration 66 Untitled Image Illustration 68 CUBISM UNVEILED: AN EXTRACT FROM THE TREATISE ON THE PROPORTIONS OF THE HUMAN BODY, Written cre Illustrated by Albert Durer, 1500-1523.(1) With a Foreword by Felix Urban cre F. U cre 69-71 Untitled Image Illustration 69 Untitled Image Illustration 69 Untitled Image Illustration 71 HERE BEGIN THE EXTRACTS FROM THE TREATISE ALBERT DURER, 1500-1523 cre 72-77; 79 Untitled Image Illustration 72 Diagrams showing method of obtaining sections and modifications. ALBERT DURER, 1500-1523. Illustration 74 Untitled Image Illustration 75 Untitled Image Illustration 76 Fig: 1. Pg. 73. ALBERT DURER, 1500-1522. Illustration 77 Fig; 2. pg. 75. ALBERT DURER 1500-1523. Illustration 79 BOOK REVIEWS. 81-85 Untitled Image Illustration 81 TOWARDS A NEW THEATRE. Forty Designs for Stage Scenes with Critical Notes by the ventor, Edward Gordon Craig. J. M. Dent &amp; Sons. Twenty one shillings net. E. M cre 81-82 THE JO Y OF THE THE A TRE by 82-83 TI: A VIN Die A TION OF THE 83-84 INTRODUCTION TO THE STUDY OF INDIAN MUSIC by E. Clements. Longman's, Green and Co. Price six shillings net. E. E cre 85 THE RUSSIAN BA 85 Untitled Image Illustration 85 FOREIGN NOTES. 86-91 Untitled Image Illustration 86 LONDON 86-87 The "Max" Exhibition. 1913. M. S. C cre 86-87 The Haymarket Theatre. R. S cre 87 PARIS. 87-88 An Ancient Arctic Play. J. de S cre 87-88 ROME. 88-91 The Oldest Piece of Theatrical 88-89 The Blessings of our Age. P. R cre 90-91 MACCLESVILLE, YORKSHIRE. 91 A New Repertory Theatre. M. B cre 91 AN EXTRACT FROM A LETTER FROM LONDON. 91 Facts are Stubborn Things. Q. E cre 91 Untitled Image Illustration 91 editorial NOTES. 92-96 Untitled Image Illustration 92 &amp; PARASITES AND THE 92-93 JAPANESE ARTIS IN THE 93-95 L'OEUVRE AND MONTJOIE! Ed cre 95-96 THE RUSSIAN BALLET. E. G. C cre 96 And now this number about 96 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 97 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 97 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 98 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 98 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 99 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 100 C U BI S M UNVEILED. &amp;THE RUSSIAN BALLET.... NUDE. THE MASKA QUARTERLY JOURNAL OFTHE ART OF THE THEATREi I -Vj* *Volume Sli. Number One JULYi 9 i 3« A REN A OOL D 0 N IFLORENCEITALYYEARLY SUBSCRIPTION FIFTEEN SHILLIN OS. COPY PRICE POUR SHILLINGS NET.TRADE AGENTS.„ „ T m - - &gt;r ra - -.+ j»rtiZ+JS&amp; V ■ THE MASK. JULY 1913. 'T'he Editor will be glad to consider MSS relative to the Art and History of theTheatre, but would point out that he can only make use of articles written bysuch as have a real knowledge of the subjects treated.All possible care will be taken, but he cannot hold himself responsible for theaccidental loss of MSS. These must In every case be accompanied by a stamped andaddressed envelope as otherwise they cannot be returned. &amp; Communications should be addressed to the Arena Qoldoni. Florence. Italy. P RE L V D E. P RE L U D E. P RE L UDE. THE RUSSIAN BALLET. THE RUSSIAN BALLET. THE RUSSIAN BALLET. THE RUSSIAN BALLET. THE RUSSIAN BALLET. THE RUSSIAN BALLET. THE RUSSIAN BALLET. THE RUSSIAN BALLET. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF . A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OP PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. THE SCENARIOS OF BELLA PORTA THE SCENARIOS OF DELLA PORTA THE SCENARIOS OF DELLA PORTA THE SCENARIOS OF DELL A PORTA THE SCENARIOS OF DELL A PORTA THE SCENARIOS OF BELLA PORTA THE SCENARIOS OF DELLA PORTA THE SCENARIOS OF DELLA PORTA &amp; THE SCENARIOS OF DELLA PORTA &amp; THE SCENARIOS OF DELLA PORTA &amp; THE SCENARIOS OF DELL A PORTA &amp; THE SCENARIOS OF DELLA PORTA THE SCENARIOS OF DELLA PORTA THE SCENARIOS OF DELLA PORTA THE SCENARIOS OF DELL A PORTA ENGLISH SENTIMENTALITY ENGLISH SENTIMENTALITY ENGLISH SENTIMENTALITY ENGLISH SENTIMENTALITY EUROPEAN DEPRESSION EUROPEAN DEPRESSION EUROPEAN DEPRESSION MONKEY TRICKS MONKEY TRICKS MONKEY TRICKS MONKEY TRICKS EURIPIDES AT FIESOLE EURIPIDES AT FIESOLE CUBISM . CUBISM UNVEILED. CUBISM UNVEILED. CUBISM UNVEILED. CUBISM UNVEILED. CUBISM UNVEILED BOOK REVI BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS. FOREIGN NOTES. FOREIGN NOTES. FOREIGN NOTES. FOREIGN NOTES. FOREIGN NOTES EDITORIAL NOTES EDITORIAL NOTES EDITORIAL NOTES. EDITORIAL NOTES. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Gerente Responsabile GIULIO VANZI AN ILLUSTRATED BOOKLET ABOUTTHE GORDON CRAIG SCHOOLAND ITS JOURNALTHE MASKWill shortly bePublished.s *•Copies will be sent on request to those whoare Interested in the work and wish to knowI more about it.Write for Booklet to theARENA GOLDONI, FLORENCE, ITALY.*— — " — ANNOUNCEMENTS ;FROM " THE MASK PRESSARENA GOLDONI. FLORENCE, ITALY.irmniniM ..wawnraw). jj» •.W!»:JaciMWW: ~ " II 111 lIMIBI Willi f i * THE MASK. VOLUME SIX. £?It .Of the sixth Volume, which begins with this number, Three|| Editions are published, and the yearly subscriptions, post free,these Editions are respectively as follows.II H&amp;u[ Popular Edition. . . Shillings 15. DollarsLarge Paper Edition (200 copies.) „ 20. ~ 5.00I __ Edition de Luxe. (15 copies.) „ 65, „ 16.00nffTTUI 1 * WIIIMI 111 i Til \h~nmm !»■ ■ Ml II s———————— THE MASK. 1908... 1909... 1910... 1911... 1912... 1913....!i| A certain number of complete sets of Volumes 1, 2, 3, 4 &amp; 5,I Sti" remain, and, bound in vellum, may be obtained from thisII office, price eight guineas, (dollars 38) a set. XP &amp;A PEW EXTRA Vol. 4. shillings 25 dollars 6.50 eachSETS OF Vol. 5« ,» ~ 20 ~ ~ 5*50 ~Volume 5, Large Paper Ed, (vellum bound,) shillings 25,■— 1 1 ■■» dollars 6.50. Orders and Subscriptions may be sent direct toTHE MASK O ffi ce s , Arena Gold oh i, Florence , Italy,or (tTbe Society of the Theatre." 7, John St, Adelphi, London. Tel: 1601 Regent I SOME OPINIONS ON "THE MASK'' ||I " There is not a page in it which is not interesting I! "and stimulating in a fine way I| " The Mask " always contains something worth reading,I j " and often something worth keeping IPall Mall Gazette." A quite remarkable rich in intel- Iligence. 11 IWestminster . |J "A very amusing and stimulating, as well as a most jJ " beautiful, magazinejij The Daily Telegraph. |i 1i i I I I y——. ' ' |&amp;ANI D E AIS A RARE . I" THE MASK" started In FLORENCE, does not existfor its own sake.•• THE MASKhas already lived for six years for AN IDEA.THE SCHOOL FOR THE ART OF THE THEATRE,started in FLORENCE, was brought into being for the sakeof the same IDEA.THE SCHOOL and "THE MASK" work together forthis one IDEATOWARDS A NEW THEATRE.I ITHE SOCIETY OF THE THEATRE, started in 11LONDON, moves with "THE MASK" and THE SCHOOL IItowards the same GOAL.WE CAN TAKE CARE OF " THE MASK " &amp; THE SCHOOL. 11YOUR RESPONSIBILITY IS THE SOCIETY OF THE THEATRE 11&amp;JOI N I T !WE WANT A MILLION MEMBERS. IIYearl} Subscription One Shilling.I IApply Personally or by Letter to the Secretary of the Society, 11LONDON OFFICES : 7 JOHN STREET, ADELPHI. 11Office Hours between 10 a. m. and 1 p. m. 11Telephone 1601 Regent. 11 Printed for tb* Proprietor by Tipografia R. Laetrueci, Via de Serragli, 104 Florence and publtehed at Tbe Office of " The Mack " Arena Ooldeai LITERARY CONTENTS. VOLUME SIX. PRELUDE Gordon Craig .... 1.THE RUSSIAN BALLET Gordon Craig .... 6.A HISTORY OF PUPPETS, (Continued) . . " Yorick ". (P. Ferrigni . . 17.THE SCENARIOS OF G. B. DELLA PORTA . Michele Scherillo ... 33-ENGLISH SENTIMENTALITY .... John Balance .... 49.EUROPEAN DEPRESSION Gordon Craig .... 54.MONKEY TRICKS Yoo-no-hoo . . ~ . . 57.EURIPIDES AT FIESOLE Ernest Marriott. ... 62.CUBISM UNVEILED. An Extract from theBook of Human Proportion .... Albert Durer, 1500-23 . . 68.With a Foreword by Felix Urban .... 65.BOOK REVIEWS. FOREIGN NOTES. 0 EDITORIAL NOTES. ILLUSTRATIONS. A VENETIAN MARIONETTE (Frontispiece) .LE BALLET DES POLONAIS 1573 . - • Anon iS.THE PROPORTIONS OF THE FOOT . . . Albert Durer .... 65.THE PROPORTIONS OF THE HAND. . . ~ 67.SIX DIAGRAMS SHOWING METHODS OF BEN- DING THE BODY „ „ .... 68.A DESIGN SHOWING METHOD OF OBTAININGSECTIONS AND MODIFICATIONS . „ „ .... 70.A DRAWING OF THE HUMAN FIGURE . . „ „ .... 71.UNITED SECTIONS OF THE WHOLE HUMAN 11BODY „ THE HUMAN FIGURE ENCLOSED IN GEOME- TRICAL FORMS THE HUMAN FIGURE REDUCED TO GEOME- TRICAL FORMS 75. A VENETIAN MARIONETTE.One of the figures of the marionette theatre taken to her new home by Loredana Grimani on her marriagewith Francesco Morosini, in Venice. 1772. And now in the Museo Correr in that city. VOLUME SIX. PRELUDE. Gordon Craig. We have asked Mr Gordon Craig, the Founder of " The Mask ",and, from the outset, its good friend, to initiate the sixth volumeby editing its first number, and this he has consented to do. J. S. am down to write the Preface to this number, indeed,to a new volume, and nothing could give me greaterhappiness. Not because 1 want to say how welleveryone in The Mask has done his or her task sincethe work began, though 1 could say a good word onthat; but because having escaped from the Daemonwho accompanies me.... from a really most unthea« trical figure who keeps me to my task in my working hours.... that Isto say, having escaped from the Spirit of the Theatre, I can revel in aholiday, and in this Prelude reveal my personal pleasures of the momentand' my personal fancies for the day.I note among the contributions for this year.... and it is even to bein this number.... an article which 1 myself have written at the dictationof the said Spirit of the Theatre, and which, were it not already in thePress, 1, as the writer of this Prelude and as temporary Editor of thisJournal, should cut through with Pencil blue and refuse to print.i should refuse it on personal grounds whereas an Editor must beimpersonal. £? --0 &amp; &amp;1 very much object to myself having written an article which givesanything but the most overwhelming praise to my friend Nijinsky. Iobject on personal grounds; for I not only admire that amazing genius,having a considerable appreciation of his personal qualities, but besidesthis feel nothing but good fellowship towards him. To chat with him in six languages over a cigar is one of the most delightful experienceslife has to offer.&amp; What then can permit ine to allow such an article as this numbercontains to pass ? JZ? -*2?&amp; My friend Djagellef too. What of him ? He will be awfully offendedat what I have said of his charming group of dancers, for I do not knowa more genia! man on the face of this earth ; and if he believes thatthe body produces finer works than the soul produces.... why shouldn'the believe it ? I at this moment and in this Prelude, not as Editor ofthis Journal, but as a friend of his and free once more, can find noearthly (i) reason why he should not believe it;1 do not know whether I have mentioned Mademoiselle Karsavina inthe article. 1 shall not look at the wretched thing again ....that imperti- nent article! In fact, I have a very good mind to take serious actionagainst the writer.... except that action is, according to Rimbaud," only away of spoiling something. " ■£? JS? JZ?£? But I suppose Mile. Karsavina will easily believe me when I tell herthat I have sat entranced te see her blowing a trumpet round the stage....a trumpet which she does not blow, but which Is blown for her by agentleman in evening dress. I should like to see her blowing the trumpetwhenever 1 remember that passage of tbe charming music of that amazing"genius" for " theatrical " music, Stravinsky, and would have given any- thing to meet her.... as they say.... to have talked with her for half anhour..., an hour.... two hours, three, four, five, or ten hours on thedifficulties she has to encounter in her work, the defeats she has encoun- tered, and the hopes and fears with which she looks forward to thefuture. Anything.;..everything....to show that 1 am a human being andthat my only thought is of human beings as human beings.But, oh, you good people all of you, especially you dear Russians both of St Petersberg and Moscow, ....when the devil are we all going to wakeup in the Theatre ? No, seriously.... WHEN ARE WE GOING WAKE UP?That tin trumpet of Stravinsky, even when a Karsavina pretends toblow upon it, will not even wake up a cat.You have done marvels,...we all know it,...most of all do I know it;the most marvellous tricks that can be done. But when Is the whole fa- mily going to wake up and together create one little thing in a momentof inspiration,...a thing of inspiration, pure and inspired? A little Lawto guide an Art. &amp; This, this most difficult of all things we have forgotten to attend toiWe are afraid 1 That is the reason. We are afraid of time.... It wouldtake us years of experiment and lives of thought aud oceans of feeling,and we find we are poor in thought and feeling.... oh; oh, oh ! &amp;jg? We are all geniuses; we know that we are all wonderful beings,...thatgoes without saying. But what is not yet evident is,...what have we foundthat we can place by the side of the Pyramid, ...that will compare withone of its steps ? What we lack, say Flaubert, is Conscience ! I know we have in ourpossession as great a secret as lies hidden in the Pyramids. then,my dears, let us whisper over that secret together.&amp; All the boys and girls who shall spring from us must be united toge- ther and know that secret. There is not another moment to lose if it isto be clear to them twenty years from today. I shall eat, drink and bemerry meantime,...and I hope you will eat as much, drink much moreand try to be as merry. But I swear I will drop a seed of that secretbefore I am finished, and I wish that each of you would drop one too.Then we should have GROWTH. &amp; This is a beautiful City, this Florence ; ....you cannot tell how beauti- ful it is. Would it not be a nice thing if we should ail meet here fromtime to time ?...a month in your lives is not so long. &amp;jg? This City has such a curious flavour of ease and merriment. Here isthe excitement of great Architecture....Did you ever taste that ? The Cityis rich, not gaudy; familiar, not vulgar; it grapples its tried friends toits soul with hoops of steel ;...to us there is no City as fair. What its ar- chitects have said we take for our Law; there is no grief, no misery here, for the towers stand up straight and announce the triumph of ten- derness and strength; &amp; ■&amp; &amp;&amp; Oh ! don't fear !... It's a real earth-town made by human beings. Everyinch of our city breathes a friendliness that is human, and yet over itall there broods something more,... something indescribable,...and some- thing that if you could describe you wouldn't....for who would describea mystery which has been revealed after long obscurity and is now but partof the obvious ? &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Not being able to describe It, it impels you towards a condition ne- cessary to the creation of that which we call Art. For only in terms ofArt can this mystery which is so obvious be rightly translated for thosewho could never bear to experience it.The City is a high experience. What a cradle it would be for the Artwhich we call the Art of the Theatre! .... for the Art of Movement!That movement which all dancers are forced to make after effort andwith feet giued to the ground, but which a butterfly makes with easeand by nature ! J£? &amp;Every bell in the town breaks out ringing at the moment I write. Ahundred.... two hundred.... three hundred perhaps. It is a wave of soundmoving in great circles.... &amp;This place is a place of ecstacy. -0 &amp;To all those working in the Theatre who love the Theatre I say... donot keep away from me too long. J£? &amp;Come quickly, and come here! Do not consider how you come.... whyyou come. Would it be so unnatural to come because somebody calls you ?So begins the sixth volume of the best book ever dedicated to the service of our beloved Theatre. NO T E S.(i) This Is a slang phrase which in England is only used among artistsand by the lower classes. I suppose it is to show the good terms theyare on with the earth. Got you there, Pedant of the " New " Schoolwhich we now know is the " Old " School 1 TO THE ENEMIES OF THE THEATRE. THE CHATTERINGCIRCLE OF LONDON: THE PRETENDED LOVERS OF THESTAGE. 'po those who, not knowing the Nature of our Art nor having expe- rienced the troubles of our House, would dictate with presumptuousvoices what we are to do in these days of our misfortune, this blankspace Is dedicated. TO THE LOVERS OF CUBISM AND GOOD DRAWING de- dicated the instructive designs and perplexing text on pages 64, etcby that too little known leader of the Cubists,ALBERT D U R E R,It is rtonaense to say that there is nothing new under the sun. Goodwork is always new. It is only bad work that is of a period. These designs by Albert Durer are no justification for those imitationthings now being offered in Europe. Durer's book was offered to studentsby an artist. The public is practically ignorant of its existence and hasnever yet had an opportunity of knowing that Cubism is as old as thehills; but the public, being a foolish creature, is content to accept anyamount of copies If it can get even an imitation thrill out of them.It has done so in the theatrical world, and now you see how it isdone in the world of the painters.I have no doubt that the most up-to-date modern music will veryshortly be traced to the Hindoos. Meantime we beg the thousand readersof The Mask to keep their heads, not to crow too exultantly over theirneighbours, and not to go down the High Street waving The Mask intheir hands crying "we always said our journal was the best, themost up-to=date". &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; THE RUSSIAN BALLET by Gordon Craig. LE BALLET DES POLONAIS PRESENTED AT THE TUILERIES 1573. leave ourselves at home when we go to the Theatre ; wethere renounce the right to our own tongue and choice, to ourtaste, and even to our courage as we possess it and practise Itwithin our own four walls in relation to God and man. No onetakes his finest taste in art into the theatre with him, not eventhe artist who works for the theatre; there one is people, public,herd, woman, Pharisee, voting animal, democrat, neighbour, andfellow-creature', there even the most personal conscience succumbsto the levelling charm of the " great multitude there stupidityOperates as wantonness and contagion; there the neighbour rules,there one becomes a neighbour. " &amp; &amp;x Nietzsche. ("The Joyful ") OF ART AND ITS CREATOR. In Art there must be created no feeling of disharmony between theBody and the Soul, yet in creating Art the body must be obedient,true, faithful to the Soul. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; It is the Soul must speak, but the lips must not be seen to move,and the throat must be as ivory. &amp; While It is the time of Revelation we ask the Body for silent and in=visible service... it is the Soul which moves... minister to its movements.&amp; I put no query here, nor have 1 any doubts myself as to the valueof the Body or the value of the Soul. &amp; &amp; j£&gt; *&amp;I would not undervalue either.&amp; But In the creating of some things it is certain the Soul mustbe subservient to the Body; in the creation of others the Body must ascertainly be subservient to the Soul. What an alliance when each canobey the other, keeping its place.... holding its peace.... in time and intune to the force of the other... the Beloved. &amp; There is no such thing as union which excludes command or obe- dience. Each honours the other. x?&amp; 1 will take the first six examples of great works of art. See thePyramid.... the head of Amenemhat 111 or the painting of the Buddhaand the Thirty three Bosatsous made by the priest Esshin. Look at the bronze statue of Dai-Butsu at Kamakura ; or upon the towers of Tuscanyand of Ireland, or at the needlework of a mother on the socks of a child;and I swear to you that these things were made when the soul wasworking released from the tyranny of the body... a body which knows itmay claim the right in due time to command the soul. &amp;These truths are just what unreasonable people wish to deny. Theywill not accept the simplest natural truths. The great hum going roundthe eartii today about uniting the Body and the Soul in smug relation*ship leads to the building of abominable houses, wretched palaces andmeaningless churches; produces the foolish paintings, the tremblingbooks, and the awful music.Both Soul and Body are helpless to create Art nowadays, for theyhave been joined, tied, rivetted together by a lie, and equal liberties al- lowed to each, equal powers and qualities assigned to each.Hence all works of Art which are the creation of the Soul and nothingbut the Soul are looked upon as " queer " and " quaint ",... those are/the words which people use today towards works of Art which showus signs that the Soul made the in. JS?jSf " Glorious ", " wonderful ", " brilliant ", these are the words usedtowards the works of Art made by the Body today.By these words the mob excuses its own ignorance and comforts itscowardice... for the mob, fearing the individual, stands as much for theBody today as It has always done: the m0b,... that which is everlastinglyfickle and detests the 50u1,... the inspirer... that which alone remainsunconquerable through faith. &amp; JS&gt; *&amp;£? And so through its blind hatred of its master the mob today comesto find the workings of the Soul incomprehensible, whereas it recognisesin the workings of the Body an experience of yesterday. &amp;£? If Art, the voice of Revelation, were concerned solely with recordingwhat has been, perhaps there would be nothing to be said. But Art ismost of all concerned with Tomorrow and 'the Horizon. JS?The Pyramids were not only records; they were and still are alwayspointing towards the Future. The Soul of Man runs easily up the greatstairs and in the topmost silence is aware of Truth.&amp; It will be asked why some of the works of Art may not be created by the Body ? Why should there not be a great deal of comfortable workso as to make the world more " gemiithlich with here and there anice blaze of sensuous stuff too? Why not?... why not?But what a ridiculous thing to call f0r.... what a ridiculous thing tobe always calling for and to get excited about when it comes!For that comfortable and sensuous type of work is all over the place.lt pours out of the Theatre in streams. The novels are soaked with it.Painting bubbles with it. The music which it makes smokes and steams.There is no question but that there will always be sufficient of this.Hence it is needful that we look for the other, and call for the otheruntil we get it.So much as Prelude to my Note on the Russian Ballet. The RussianBallet is essentially the " Art " which is created by the Body. Its per- fection is physical. Its appeal is to our senses, not through them, (i)j£f Having excited them it has done its task. It makes no further effort.It is sensuous art and not spiritual, and is Just as far removed fromArchitecture and Music as the Body is from the Soul, and 1 wish, andmillions of people wish, to see the Theatre give birth to an art as spi- ritual as music or architecture. OF ART AND ITS DESTROYER. I wonder if any of you will have read the " Life and Works of ChevalierNoverre ". I wonder if any of you even know who this famous man wasand what he did. You, who have gone to the Russian Ballet every nightand speak in the same terms of what you witnessed there as you do whenspeaking of the works of /Eschylus, of Dante, of Donatello or of Bach,have you ever heard of Chevalier Noverre ? jgr lt is a hundred to one that he and his work are unknown to you. Noverre was a maitre a danser....a Ballet master, the most celebratedof the 18th Century, and the times and values then were very littledifferent in regard to art from those of today, and people exaggeratedthe importance of the dashing personality of the charming maitre andconfounded it with his work, even as they exaggerate and confuse thepersons with the work of the modern Ballet masters.When we discover a dashing personality we conclude that we havediscovered a great artist and we speak of him in place of his art: orwe are blinded by that personality and take it to be his art:... for wehave taught ourselves some tricky phrase about personality in art andare unable to get free from our conception.jgt ft can't be doubted for a moment that the Chevalier Noverre was avery charming and excellent person. His little way of haggling over money with Garrick and others is a mere nothing, and his delightful conceit inassociating his name at every possible turn with those of Haydn, Mozartor Gluck is very natural....but alas! he Is comparatively forgotten.\0 Yet Noverre will live by those of his works which have come down tous, and they show us pretty clearly that he was not an artist, if a maitred dancer....that he was a charlatan in so far as art is concerned ; and theyshould warn us to be a little careful before we explode with too muchenthusiasm about the nearest things to Noverre's "art" which we can witness now....the Russian Ballet. &amp;j0 1 am a great admirer of the Russian Ballet. I find that it is often thebest dressed company of ladies and gentlemen who ever assumed a littlesock and less buskin.j£? When 1 say that I am an admirer of the Russian Ballet, I mean thatall the Dancers and their Maitre a danser charm me in spite of a fewthings that 1 frankly don't like. For, as those of you will know who haveread my book written some years before this Ballet left St Petersburg,nay, before it was formed as we see it today, I have reason for beingopposed to the entrance of the studio painter into the Theatre; just asmany of you would dislike to see a stage painter decorating your chur- ches. The Theatre has its own great scene-painters and needs no others.I am not a believer in the fluttering, bubbling personality of the stage"Stars" ;... I am against the emphasis whch is laid on the Body in the Theatre, because 1 am one of those few who love the Stage as afather loves his son,...as a son his father.&amp; The dancers of the Russian Ballet and their maltre h danser are char- ming people ; Nijinsky a marvel of technique, best when under M. Fokine'scontrol; and all his brother and sister dancers...charming; and M. Fokine,chief master of the dance, quite extraordinary. But if you ask me tolook upon their work as a work of art, or to speak of them as greatartists, 1 must refuse, and I hope that some of the visitors to CoventGarden will be with me here. &amp; JS?Noverre once entered the lists against and attempted tointerpret anew the story of Agamemnon and Orestes. Noverre was agreat maitre h danser, but he was no artist. Had he been artist he\would have done less... succeeded less....but brought the art of dancinga step nearer to the condition of a fine art.£? Here is his conception of the mighty works of the Trilogy :... AGAMEMNON REVENGEDA Tragic BalletbyJean Georges Noverre.Scene /.Part of the Gardens of Mycene.Egysthus and Clytemnestra enter, felicitating each on their mutualhappiness, and anxious only for the pleasing moment when they shallmake public the sentiments which unite their hearts. The distance anduncertainty, however, of that desired period fill Clytemnestra with themost distressing disquietude. (i) which is heightened by the alarmingpresages of a very frightful dream. Egysthus, not less troubled on thisaccount than the queen, throws himself at her feet, and swearing loveand everlasting fidelity, promises that his arm shall soon deliver her from the obstacles that seem to threaten an interruption to theirmutual bliss.Scene II.At the instant of his making these protestations a sound of drums,trumpets, and other wartlike instruments is heard, which throwsEgysthus and Clytemnestra into the greatest co'nsternation (1) andaffright. He springs from, the feet of the queen with equal precipitationand fear. The noise affects their astonished souls like a peal of wrathfulIthunder... they shrink with confusion. J£?Scene III.A herald from Agamemnon enters with a letter to the queen fromthat Prince, which he delivers to her on his knees. Clytemnestra witha trembling hand (2) receives the letter and makes a motion to theherald to withdraw; he retires to the furthest part of the stage. Terrorand affright seize the heart of Clytemnestra; a deathlike paleness over- spreads her countenance; nor can she by any means resolve to read theunwelcome letter. Desirous, however, to conceal her anxiety, she ordersthe herald to leave her, assuming at the same time a look of satis- faction and giving him to understand that his message puts an endto all her griefs and misfortunes.Scene IV. JZ/ Clytemnestra and Egysthus draw near to each other with visibleemotions of fear. Clytemnestra, sighing, shows him the fatal billet. Shehesitates, but at last opens it with a hastiness (3) that displays the agitation and tumult of her disordered . By degrees theyassume boldness enough to examine the contents; every line, everysentence, increases their apprehension and distress; but the intelligencethat the king is immediately following in the steps of his messengercarries the severest stroke to the heart of Clytemnestra. Egysthus feelsthe same sensations! both seem annihilated under the pressure oftheir misfortunes, and they recover from their situation only tosink into the most poignant despair. Egysthus proposes to murderAgamemnon. Clytemnestra shudders at the thought, and rejects theproject. He threatens to leave her and destroy himself. Trembling thequeen endeavours to appease his rage and soothe his transports, andto induce him to stay. She seems at one moment to yield to his horridproposal, but the next her heart rebels against the thougiit; she re- proaches herself with her barbarity, and becomes sensibly shocked atthe enormity of such a crime. Egysthus, who is conscious of having noresource but flight or treason, breaks out into passion and menaces. Hisarm, accustomed to murder, only seeks new victims for his fury. Theunhappy queen, not knowing how to resolve, in a fatal moment yieldsto and joins in the black designs of Egysthus. They go off in all theagitation which fury, anguish and despair can excite in the humanbreast (i) or characterize in the expressions of mind and body.This is poor Noverre's idea of Tragedy and of Art. &amp; &amp;&amp; I really can't take up space in reprinting more of the nonsense....butit is enough to show you the amazing cheapness of the mind of No- verre....the greatest Ballet Master of his time. I wili admit that some ofthe movements of the dancers may have been quite "splendid I grantit ever so willingly....all I refuse to let myself tell people Is that thiscould possibly have been a work of art. JZ?&amp; A splendid line or two in a badly conceived and badly written poemwill not make a work of art....and there is something seriously wrong withus if our critical faculty is able to be carried away to such an extent thatwe apply the same terms of praise to the ballets of Noverre or Fokine as we do to the solemn and lovely works of art by or JohnSebastian Bach. JS?There is another short line or two from Noverre's 44 AgamemnonRevenged" that 1 must quote. Upon Agamemnon telling Clytemnestrathe name of his young captive Cassandra he recommends her to 44 thegenerous protection of the Queen". «£? JZ? £?44 Clytemnestra then embraces her, and takes off her chains, butin performing this benevolent action seems to swear implacablehatred against the young princess. At every instant when unobserved,the queen and Egysthus express the fury and impatience with whichthey burn to satiate their vengeance and to sacrifice every object thatseems to oppose their wishes". (i) JZ? JZ? &amp; &amp;Now this even if it be pure ballet, and purely 44 theatrical " in the\silly sense of the word, does not belong to a work of art. As performedby a great dancer it here and there might become noble and tragic....but only here and there as it were by accident. JZ? JZ/Art is not at all a matter of accident: it is all a matter of design evenas Nature is a matter of design. And so deliberate a misreading of Natureas Noverre is guilty of, is exactly what the Russian Ballet is guilty of.M. Nijinsky's 44 Apres midi d'un Faun " does not improve matters.Thought out with the all-too-clever twists of the Russian brains, it isdaring and nothing else. I am told that M. Rodin was enthusiastic. Whatof that ? Shall a sculptor decide all things ? If this be allowed will italso be permitted that we of the Theatre shall be the judges to pro- nounce of Sculpture,...and be listened to ? Take care last we pronouncein favour of our property man who makes our Giant's fiead or Blondindonkeys! &amp; &amp; JZ? &amp; &amp;JZ? Nature is not at all like a charming Carnival, or that ridiculous in- terpretatian of Chopin in muslin skirts ....where the dancers could noteven Interpret correctly. sZ? j&amp;For Nature has a Rhythm. The Russian Baliet knows nothing of thatRhythm. It is charming...perfectly, deliciously, intoxicatingly charming but its charm is artificial; and Art's great claim to distinction is that itapproaches nearer to Nature than anything else can do. And we insultall the masters of old, and those who today are striving to learn a fewof the myriad secrets of Nature, when we rave frantically over what theRussian Ballet has to offer us. JZJZ? I have written this after long deliberation, and because 1 believe thatsomeone who holds all the Arts in the deepest respect must say a wordto stem the tide of gush and error which threatens our I wish our Russian visitors all the " success " in the world....maythey come back to England again and again, and may a rain of bouquetsbe showered upon the lovely ladies who pass before us so tenderly and sotemptingly on the stage of Covent Garden. May Nijinsky leap as loftilyas ever and even more lightly, and may our admiration for his surprisingtechnical powers stlil express themselves in thunders of applause. JZ?As for M. Fokine, let him be crowned King of all the Ballets I JZ?But let us not act towards Art as foolish traitors do who sell thenoblest for the silver pieces. We can all of us fall under the spell of thesedancers for a moment, but let us not love aud reverence them as thoughthey had reached to the high achievement of masters of art. t•»-2? The Theatre is in this century about to make a new effort to becomea fine art....it is preparing to ascend....to approach a very difficult anddangerous incline. Do not thoughtlessly hamper its ascent by ill=advisedenthusiasm whenever It stumbles in the ascent.&amp; The Russian Ballet is held to be the finest achievement of the NewTheatre. The Russian Ballet belongs to the Theatre of Yesterday.When our Theatre is re=formed my knowledge of my theatricalbrothers forces me to be quite certain that we shall " reform al- together • jZ? JZ* j£7 &amp; The Russian Ballet is one of the modern Theatre's charming accidents.For the sake of the future of the Art of the Theatre, do not in your enthu&lt;siasm mistake every taking Ballet or "Production" for one of its noblestefforts. NO T E S.00 " This life's five windows of the soulDistort the heavens from pole to poleAnd leads you to believe a lie,When you see with, not through the eye.William Blake. " The Everlasting Gospel. " NO T E S.(i) Notice how this Tragic Ballet opens in anxious jerks and distressingspasms,... the very opposite way to that in which one expects a tragedyto begin. _/r&gt; /o NOTES.(i) Consternation and confusion are out of place at the commencementof a great tragic drama. In fact they militate against the tragedy. Con- sternation and confusion are two states of being which should neitherbe represented nor stirred up in the spectators. All great art combatsconsternation and confusion.(•2) Is it not preposterous ? ....Clytemnestra !!....?(3) No, no, it is exactly what she does not do. Clytemnestra opens itwith a hastiness that displays all the agitation and tumult of a ballet- dancer's 'mind'. /Eschlylus opened it differently. NO T E S.(i) Of a Ballet-master. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; _ NO T E S.(i) Can't one see it! All stage emotion.... stage proportions. £? A HISTORY OF PUPPETS by "Yorick" &lt;■) PUPPETS IN ITALY. hardly know whether it is just to affirm that inthese days the marionette theatre is traversing aperiod of swift decline. JS? &amp;Certainly, among the lower classes there is nolonger the same ardour, the former passion for thepuppet plays. But " les Dieux s'en vont ",... and itis very natural that there should depart, althoughless hastily, the puppets also. The public of the wooden " fantoccini " has changed its disposition, nature and cus- toms. jg? &lt;6? ■£/Yet the " burattini " still exist and have enough breath in theirbodies to survive a few hundred years more in the best of health. Onlyit is really a pity that they study every day to resemble more closelythe living actors, to dress like you and me, to recite like the leadingman or the leading lady of the dramatic companies, to display the samerepertoire on their stages, and by this means to lose that original, mis- chievous, charmingly awkward physlonomy of their own which made ofthe marionette theatre a microcosm, born and created to laugh at, andmake a jest of, this stupid and deceitful old world of ours.&amp; I understand perfectly well that the little wooden figures also feelthe influence of modern ideas just as they feel that of damp and drynessand every change of temperament. The fact of being wooden does notsave from the influences of progress !As formerly the puppets transformed themselves with the transfor- mation of ancient into modern society, changing from slaves to Romancitizens, and from Gentiles into Christians, and from being religious andliturgical became civil and artistic; as Maccus and Centuculus became,first God the Father and the prophet Daniel, and afterwards Pulcinellaand Ariecchino, so today they change slowly, slowly, and become thesignor Ministero and the signor Deputato. It Is natural and perfectlycomprehensible when one considers that in all times, under all govern- ments, the marionettes have followed step by step,.... if they have not at times preceded... the transformations of the theatre and of the societyIn which they lived. &amp; But we old folks witness with profound regret this rapid disappearanceof the masks which delighted our youth, and we see with sorrow the re- tirement from the marionette stage of those delightful and beloved figuresJ*rwhich have already passed as a mist from the larger stages as well. Ifthey go ahead with this haste a little longer Plorindo, Rosaura* Pantalone,Lelio, Beatrice, Leandro, Colombina, Smeraldina, all the charming phan- toms which peopled with a gay and noisy multitude the garden of Italianart, will remain only as empty names and colourless shadows ; we shallnot find them any longer even among the puppets, and a hundred yearshence they will be scarcely mentioned in books, and only as one speakstoday of the little moveable figures excavated in the sepulchres of theChristian catacombs. J£? A&amp;At least It is something that in the universal shipwreck of all the" maschere " some few have been saved on the stage of the marionettes;and while the vernacular comedy declines and disappears and is scarcelytolerated on the smaller stages, some of the protagonists of those domestictales continue tranquilly to babble their native dialect between the wingsof a wooden booth or behind the curtains of a " castello ".... of canvas.£/ Let us bestow a sigh and a tear on the dead ; on Pantalone dei Biso- gnosi, on Faccanappa, on Fritelllno, on Giangurgolo, on Corallina, onBeltrame, on the Magnifico, on Zaccagnino, on Truffaldino, on Pagliacci,and let us consecrate a page to the living,.., alas, about to die,... whoyet salute us for these last days from the height of those unsteady andawkward trestles. &amp;The merriest and the most noisy is always " Arlecchino ", Arlic- chino ", as he was called by Francesco Saverio Quadrio, who so admirablydepicts his figure, character and actions:...." The dress of " Arlecchino " consists of nothing more than bits ofcloth, red, light blue, violet and yellow, cut in triangles, and joined oneto the other from top to bottom; a small hat that barely covers the*head, a pair of little shoes without soles, and a black mask, a style ofvestment undoubtedly like that of the " Zanni ", of the ancient mimes,wiio were called Planipedes. In that coat of many colours, behold " Centunculo " of whom Apuleio speaks. In that black mask you havethe soot-covered face; in that mode of wearing the hair hidden under acoif, the significant shaven head that, with the Planipedes, was Impe- rative. In those shoes without soles you have the type of those whowalked bare-footed, and, in the beatings that he so frequently receivesfrom his master, you see the humiliations to which they were subjected.Of Arlecchino's power of making people laugh with his head, mouth,actions, face and voice, Cicero wrote:... Quid enlm potest tam ridiculumquam Sannio esse ? qui ore, vultu, iniitandls motibus, voce, deniquecorpore ridetur ipso "• This was with regard to the Sannioni and theMimes, whom Arlecchino resembled. The character that Italian comediesof past centuries gave to their " Zanni ", was always the same as thatof the old Latins and Greeks, that is to say, of a buffoon and a glutton."Let it be said byway of parenthesis that there were two " Zannis "44 Arlecchino " and "Scappino ", but Scappino, alas, has " scappato " (i)to some other world. Arlecchino was born in the Bergamo valley; hespeaks the Venetian dialect out of regard for the intelligence of hisaudience who, if he were to speak in his native jargon, would not un- derstand a single word of what he said. " A Bergamesque Moor, writesMarmontel, is an absurdity, and it must be supposed that some Africanslave was the first prototype of that personage ". Oh no, Sir, it was notthe sun of Africa that darkened the skin of Arlecchino ; It was the soot,with which the " Fallofori " of Slcione blackened their faces, " fuliginefaciem obductam " in order to imitate and ridicule foreign slaves. £?There are some who maintain that Michelangiolo caused an alterationto be made in the " maschera " of Arlecchino, so as to make It moreartistic and that he was inspired by an ancient Satire. Just imagine,%even the divine Buonarroti was interested in burattini!" The character of Arlecchino, says Marmontel, is a mixture of igno- rance, ingenuity, spirit, stupidity and grace. He is a kind of imperfectman, great baby, who has something of the light of intelligence, andwhose apparent carelessness has just a shadow of acuteness. He is the counterpart of the flexibility, agility, and grace of a young kitten, withthe addition of a certain native ruggedness, that renders all he doesmore pleasing. The part that he plays is that of a servant, patient,faithful, trustful, always in love, always embarrassed either for himselfor his " padrone ", distressing and consoling himself as readily as a child,and whose sorrow is as exhilarating as his joy Listen to Arlecchino, when seeking service:....&amp; 44Sior Florindo, I know that you are in want of a servant, after" having made three hundred and twenty seven changes in a year, and" I hope to make up the round number. I am a man, who knows how" to do everything:... eating, drinking, sleeping and making love to the44 maids ; the only fault I have Is that 1 don't like work. 1 shall be as44 punctual as an idler, as faithful as a domestic thief, as secret as an44 earthquake and as watchful as a cat ". jZ? jZ? .&lt;Z?"Brighella" (1) is also Bergamesque, but comes from the city and notfrom the vallles. I should hardly like to say that, precisely on accountof this, Brighella is as cunning, crafty, subtle, boasting, lying and thievingas Arlecchino is sincere, pensive, sweet, modest and trustful. 1 do notwish to speak evil of any one, but 44 Brighella ", with ali due respect,is a perfect type of "canaglfa infame". (2) Bold with women, cringing withmen, haughty with the weak and cowardly with the strong when heis afraid he is implacable and brandishes his knife, even treacherously.On the other hand he is full of good qualities; lie sings, dances, andblows the trumpet; and he always knows where to find twenty "Svanziche"when he has need of them,... and he has need of them three hundred andsixty five days in every year. This is his own autobiography;.... (3)44 At twelve years of age, I was in prison for the first time ; at fifteen,44 in the pillory; at twenty I was flogged, and at twenty five, for the44 first time, at the galleys. Grammar, rhetoric, philosophy, humanities,54 all my studies 1 have completed very early. If you charge me with 44 having been beaten and with having been at the galleys, I reply that" 1 have served my Prince both on land and sea. Now 1 am a huntsman ;44 I live on what 1 kill, but must not on that account be called a thief,44 but rather a clever mathematician, who finds things before their" masters lose them &amp;.&lt;2? Now, however, 44 Brighella " has become more sensible. I do not saythat he is really better than he was, but he does not rob or kill, and ismore inclined to deceive women in his love affairs than men in business.The third among the burattinesque " maschere " is the 44 Dottore ",a native of Bologna, dressed entirely in black, with a chocolate coloured44 moretta " on his forehead and nose, and his red cheeks changing toviolet. He is one of those learned men, who know nothing, or ratherwho know all things by halves, and therefore make the most ridiculousblunders on every subject.The " Dottore " claims to be an Accademiclan of the Crusca " ofFlorence, physician, notary, advocate, astronomer on occasion, and anastrologer when he can find any one to believe in him. But the learned44 Dottore " did not always know how to speak the truth. jZf JZ/44 Rogantino " is a Roman, descended in direct line from that 44 Pirgo- pollnice " whom Plautus has immortalized under the name of 4( Milesgloriosus ". and, like him, acts the bully and the braggart, threateningcontinually to eat up his enemies alive, and unsheathing his sword atevery moment, to deliver upon all and sundry the most terrible blows.He Is dressed in something like the livery of the pontifical guards,scarlet with dark blue pantaloons, an enormous double pointed hat onhis head, placed crosswise ; he walks heavily, by leaps and bounds, in ahectoring sort calculated to frighten all around him, and shakeshimself like a dog that has just come out of water, in order that therattle of the arms he carries may be distinctly heard ; and he turnscontinually to see who it is that laughs or hisses, and who it is thatdares to open his mouth, when he is there. JS?JZ? 44 Sandrone " and 44 Carciofo " are quite modern 44 maschere ". Of44 Sandrone " we shall speak later* because his biography is connectedwith the story of a family of showmen, so typical and strange, that itdeserves to have a chapter of its own,j&amp; uZ? JZ? JZ&gt; " Carciofo " Is a Neapolitan fantoccino, with a large head and a leanbody; rubicund, careless and homely. He was born at Pisa in the theatreof the " Belle Torri " about four years ago, and has father was Tertul- liano Plccinini, eldest son of " Orazio a showman, who was famousthroughout the Tuscan and Romagnan provinces. jZ?&amp; It was evening... the performance was just about to commence, andTertulliano was at the door, taking the money of the people crowdingto come in. ''Forward, come forward, Slgnori, and get good places!" whenall at once a soldier belonging to the artillery pushed in front, at thesame time calling to a companion to follow, a recruit, who was lamentingthe price of the ticket. " Come, 1 tell you, said the first; you will enjoyit ". Go, you, and enjoy it. I have no money ". " Come, 1 tell you,carciofo ". (i) That scornful word immediately struck the ear of Piccinini,who turned round, with a smiling glance at the recruit, and in thatmoment " Carciofo " was created, and has continued ever since to arouseenthusiasm throughout Tuscany, the Marches and Umbria. &amp;&amp; " Carciofo " is a surprising personage. He walks with a swinginggait and with bending knees; he moves his head, mouth, eyes andshoulders, drinks, smokes, eats macaroni, lifts a candle from the tableto light his pipe and puts it down again, each one of those actions beingreceived with tremendous applause by the spectators,£? Another very ancient fantoccio, still living on the marionette stage,is the " Diavolo ", with all the attributes and distinctive qualities ofhis infernal nature. The history of the " Demonio " as a comic actor,would be interesting to study and to write. But it is a story that wouldcarry us too far and oblige us to deviate from our subject. &amp;&amp; It is certain that the " Diavolo " often took part burattini inthe " Sacre rappresentazioni " and in the " Misteri " of Italy, in the" Miracle plays and Pageants " of England, in the " Sotties " of France,and in the " Tokkenspieler " of Germany, and as long as liturgical dramaretained any life in Europe the figure of Satan had necessarily to beput in opposition to that of the " Padre Eterno ", if only to make the triumph of the latter more splendid and more glorious. Afterwards whenthe theatre changed its nature, character, language, objects and manners,the figure of the " Padre Eterno " left the scene in indignation, and the44 Diavolo " remained... as was natural. It actually seemed to him likebeing in his own house. &amp; &amp;The other personages and 44 maschere " of the burattini show, 44 Sten- terello ", 44 Meneghino ", "Qianduia", 44 Gerolamo ", 44 Tartaglia ", arethe same as those who recite in the great theatres of flesh and bloodactors, and do not differ from them in any way, except, perhaps, in wil- lingness, indefatigableness and complaisance. jZ*Of 44 Puicinella ", (1) who is a name of European repute, I must saysomething, although he is not now a personage belonging exclusively tothe burattino theatre. But he is, perhaps, the most ancient "maschera"that has ever appeared on the stage, the first to be born under the origi- nal "fantoccio" form, the one who best preserves the national physiognomyin spite of his continuous and fortunate emigrations, in the course ofwhich he has had to traverse every part of the known world, bearingin each country a different name, dress, character and habits. Biogra- phers, when they speak of the 44 Puicinella " of flesh and blood, makehim descend from the 44 Mimus albus " of the Osci, from the 44 Maccus "of the Campaui. But after the old bronze statue was disinterred in Romein 1726 and placed in the Capponi Museum, reproducing exactly thefigure, profile, dress and general appearance of the Puicinella of thepuppet stage it may at least be asked, which of the two, the fantoccino orthe actor, was born first ? jS?In any case, what is certain is, that Puicinella has continued for avery long period to be the life, soul, and spirit of theatrical marionettes.Wherever a burattino showman has found a bit of ground whereon topitch his 44 castello ", there 44 Pollicinella " at Rome and Naples, 44 Puici- nella " in every other part of Italy, 44 Polichinelle " in France, "Punch"in England, 44Hans-Wurst" in Germany, and "Don Christoval Polichinelo"In Spain has appeared in likeness of the bronze statue of the Capponi Museum, dressed in a wide white robe, drawn in at the waist with aleathern belt, with a crush hat, in shape like a sugar=!oaf, on hishead, and the face covered with a black half-mask, with the hookednose and the large mole on the cheek. £2? -2?JZ? That head and robe present the most perfect type of the primitiveburattlno, made expressly to be manipulated with three fingers of thehand of the showman. Even today Pulcinella is in a servile condition,astute and foolish according to circumstances, sober and greedy, loqua- cious and taciturn, full of gesture, merry, sarcastic, satirical, and aslanderer and backbiter as required. Travel round the world, and inEurope, Asia, Africa and America wherever you may be, you will findPulcinella with his knotty stick in his hands ready to discharge, on theburattlno stage, a crop of heavy blows either on the horns of "Diavolo"...or on the head of the Commissary of police. BEHIND THE SCENES. "T*he sight that presents itself behind the stage curtain is extraordinary.The place is restricted, dark and confusing. On ail sides there is anintolerable odour, a kind of special perfume, that rises from the noseto the brain ; a mixture of paint and varnish, Hie snuff of a candle,petroleum and grease, with the addition of a trifle of garlic and strongcheese. Along the walls fifty or sixty poor little fantoccini, of both sexes,are hanging, like so many herrings, looking at you out of thatsemi-darkness with their fixed glass eyes and with an expression thatalmost freezes the blood in your veins. One has its head turned thewrong way and partly hanging down its back ; another has its armscontorted or its legs twisted ; all present the appearance of people whohave died on the gallows after many hours of spasmodic convulsion. Sixor seven enormous spectres are moving about, looking like colossalgiants in the midst of pigmies. They come and go in silence, busily en- gaged in placing the different personages, animals and others objectsthat are to form part of the evening performance. These are the showmen.Seen close at hand, in that confined and smoky atmosphere, andmixed with real live men, the little " burattini", stationed here andthere, seem like a swarm of monstrous insects, and one would think it almost impossible to derive from them anything approaching that com- plete illusion, which is so indispensable in all theatrical representation.And yet, as soon as the curtain rises, the effect is surprising. Therelations of proportion between the figures and the stage appliances andscenery, are so exactly arranged, that in five minutes after the com- mencement of the play, the eye has become accustomed to the perfectharmony produced: the little marionettes seem to acquire at once thestature of living persons, space seems to increase, the back ground torecede, and the air to circulate freely, so that* little by little, anyonemight easily imagine that he was witnessing a performance by livinghuman beings.The r4 operatori " are naturally out of sight, and they are accustomed,in spite of present-day talk about division of labour, to speak the partas well as manage the fantocci.&amp; A normal " burattino " is generally sixty centimetres in height, andis composed of six pieces, a head, two forearms with the relative hands,two legs and a torso, all carved of light wood. The heads, when it isnecessary to reproduce some particular and traditional 44 maschere ", orto obtain some resemblance to contemporaneous persons, known to thepublic, are constructed by a skilled artlzan, and usually cost seven oreight Lire each, (iIn all other cases, speaking generally, the showman does what isrequired. The neck is attached to the body by means of an iron hookand ring. The arms from the elbow to the armpit, and the legs fromthe knee to the hip, are made, in the case of ordinary figures, of clothsleeves, and, therefore, admit of any action or movement that may berequired.In the case of the principal figures, as well as of 44 maschere " peculiarto some particular province, the whole is made of wood, but with allthe various sections so skilfully joined as to permit of free play in everydirection. On the top of the head there is a fixed ring of iron for theV ferro ", or rod, that holds and supports the figure when it has to be in repose. This rod is about a metre in length, and has a hook at theend of it. Below the hook there is a good sized wooden block, or ball,attached to the rod; in fact the rod passes through it; on this blockare small hooks and eyes that receive the 44 fili " whereby the 44 fan- tocclo " is made to gesticulate with the greatest ease and facility.There are usually four of these 44 fili ", two for the hands and twofor the feet, or rather, two for the wrists and two for the ankles. Inthe case of 44 pupazzi " that are intended to perform some special andcharacteristic action, the lower 44 fili " are joined to the knees. But it often happens that there are figures, dowered with more com- plicated motions; with them the number of 44 fili" is increased andmultiplied, their direction and management is governed by many rings,and the different 44 fili " unite in the 44 ferro ", or rod, which is hollowand is in such cases surmounted by a block, twice or three times theusual size, and furnished with lateral holders and with supplementaryhooks. g? g/ * g? g? g/There are some burattini that move their eyes, open and shut theirmouths, and move the fingers of their hands. The 44 Tartaglia", forexample, twists his lips in such away as to form a most ridiculousgrimace, 44 Rogantino " grinds his teeth: 44 Stenterello " puts his fingerto his nose and scratches it as in act of meditation. The famous 44 Car- ciofo ' lias his hollow torso fitted with a metallic case, containing suchmechanism and appliances that he is able to drink, eat macaroni andsmoke; his hands are also so arranged that with his fingers he can imi- tate exactly the playing of a musician on a violin ; moreover his clothesare so adjusted that he can undress himself and appear on the stage inhis shirt sleeves. g? g? g? &amp; &amp; For a first class company of Marionettes, at least a hundred burattiniare necessary, and often two or three figures of the same "personaggio"so as to carry out rapidly the various changes required. jgfShowmen, as a rule, are quiet, inoffensive, honest citizens, and fathersof families. They carry on, almost always, some supplementary trade, orbusiness, either as cabinet-makers, carpenters, wood-turners, painters ordecorators. But they are always full of enthusiasm for their art, andtalk of their theatres, of their scenery, their actors, their peregrina- tions among the different *' piazze " of Italy, the tastes and humours ofthe public and the comparative value of comedies and comedy writers,with all the airs and importance of a star comedian relating the storyof his numerous triumphs.I have discovered in conversation with leading showmen that thetaste for marionettes is much more marked in the cities than in countryplaces, and also that peasants and children are but slightly impressedwith the perfection of mechanism in some of our more elaborate littlefigures, and that for a proper appreciation of ail the physical and moralqualities of a " Carciofo " you must have a select public and a highlyeducated people. A FEW STATISTICS At the present moment there are more than four hundred Marionette" edifizl large and small, on Italian soil. (1) lam not counting themany informal " baracche or wretched &lt;* castelii " set up by somepoor wandering showman, who works a couple of " fantocci " called" capocielli " with his fingers, and amuses a crowd of rogues and pick- pockets in a Fair or Market with a play of "Pulclnella" acting "Diavolo"and " Carabiniere jg?These are two or three times as numerous; they arrive, leave, comeand go, carrying all their belongings in a bag or bundle, like thatGreek philosopher.... and no one notices them, no one knows them andno one troubles himself about them. 1 am speaking only of Marionette" intraprenditori di spettacoii " from the most complete to the least so,people who carry on the business with a small capital, travelling fromcity to city, setting up their " baracca " on the stage of some regulartheatre, and giving a course of representations, which they have pre- viously announced by means of bills on the wails ; those who, by hookor by crook, have managed to get a company together and to providethemselves with some kind of repertory, and who are possessed of a fewhousehold goods, which for them are the equivalent of a patrimony. &amp; According to my calculations, which are based upon a very moderateestimate, Italy, to-day, contains a population of forty thousand theatriccal burattini, of whom the last census makes no mention whatever.They are most numerous in the southern provinces of our peninsular.Those highly populated towns on the shores of the two seas, at the endof the Boot hardly know of any dramatic theatre except that of theMarionettes. Even at Naples, Gaeta, Salerno, Aquila and Caserta, mecha- nical theatres are sometimes able to compete with the regular stageplays.In the rest of Italy there are roving companies of Burattini, whochange their place every month, like the nomadic companies of travellingdramatic actors, going from theatre to theatre. At Milan and in theprovinces of Lombardy there are many Marionette companies and theydo an excellent business. One of the most celebrated is that of the bro- thers Prandi, of Brescia, which has also travelled more than once throughTuscany, and been greatly applauded at Florence, Siena and Pisa.Here, in Tuscany, after Nocchi, we had Paganl of Florence and Cia- battari of Leghorn, who made a great name among lovers of burat- tinesque plays. At Turin, those who hold the first place are Lupi andDacomo ; at Forlf, Mainett); at Jesi, Salicl and Cerruti and at Genoa,Luciano Zane.But none of those companies remain stationary in any one city ; theyall move about and visit in succession every part of the peninsular.In Florence, Empoli, Prato, Pisa, Leghorn and Portoferraio the com- pany of Orazio Piccinini was famous up to quite recent times: theypossessed an " edifizio " so elegant and a collection of " pupazzi " soperfect, thaf they were able to defy comparison. At present the Piccininicompany are resting on their laurels in a solid chest in a charminghouse, which Orazio has purchased out of his savings in the beautifulneighbourhood of Empoli. &amp;&amp; Tiie example is encouraging, but it must not be supposed that thepaths of Burattini showmen are always strewn with roses. An "edifizio"constructed and maintained according to the rules of art costs "unocchio della testa ". (i) The public has become exacting and critical. It requires an oriental luxury in tbe appointments of the scene, greatvariety and perfection of mechanism, fresh wonders and ruinous profusionof dresses, covered with gold, silver, roman pearls, spangles, feathers,fringe, lace, tassels, and distinguished orders. 44 Balii " have become realchorographic displays, requiring magnificence of scenery, skilled musi=cians, and above a11... burattini. It is already the custom to state on theplaybill the name of the scene painter, and that of the organizer, as wellas that of the chief dressmaker, and of the director of the orchestra,with his thirty professors, who must not, or any account, be left ano=nymous.In addition to the " bailerini " we have now acrobats and jugglers.....burattini, who walk on a tight rope, and perform on a trapeze,without the least sign of any wires to hold and guide them : burattinithat act the part of a flying man like Leotard, or of an equilibrist likeBlondin ; burattini that play with balls, bottles and daggers: that fence,fire off guns, jump through hoops, and play the violin to the accompa=»niment of a full orchestra. All this is very fine, but it is not the simpleand unassuming way of the Marionettes of old. If we continue to advanceat this rale, burattini, by degrees, will become automatons, and "castelii"and 44 edifiziiwill be transformed into machines marvellousiy conceived»and skilfully put together. ;£/ «&lt;£?And then, good bye to originality: good bye to inspiration : good byeto the work and skill of the showman. 44 La mise en scene etouffe I'artsous les oripeaux " cries Francisque Sarcey 44 ceci tuera cela "... Theillustrious critic is crying in the wilderness. The truth is, he is preachingto the 44 Comedie franfaise ". Burattini might at least listen. jg/ THE PUPPET REPERTORY. | should be foolish, and worse than foolish, presumptuous even, if Iintended, or wished, to give a complete list of ail the productions,recited, improvised and performed by the burattini of Italy since theymade their first appearance on the stage. An undertaking of that kindwould never end. I shall content myself with mentioning those dramas,farces and comedies, which, according to long and interrupted tradition,have been represented in marionette theatres. &amp; It seems to be certain that during the first efforts on the part oftheatrical "pupazzi" towards autonomous life, the sacred dramas, legendsof the saints, and miracles of faith, must have defrayed the expenses ofthe burattinesque showmen, both on account of the facility with whichthe figures and machinery already used for the "sacre Rappresentazioni"could be applied, and because of the practise that had been gained inreciting long passages of " Laude biblical and evangelical extracts inIlturgicical plays. All this is so true, that several of those " Misteri "refashioned and revised to suit modern taste, still form part of the re=pertory of certain marionette companies, and are even now representedin country places, and also in the cities:... 'La Passlone del nostro Si- gnore Gesu Crlsto' by Mojorana: 'II Figliuol prodigo', by G. M. Cecchi:•la Vita e la morte di San Bartoiommeo', 'la Maddalena lasclva e peni- tente', by G. B. Andreini: 'Giuseppe ebreo\ by Scamacca: 'Sansone eDalila' by Padre Rosselll: 'Giuda Iscaretta', byLottini: and 'Santa Tecla',and 'Santa Margherita da Cortona', by some anonymous writer. . &amp;Later on, when •• maschere " and farces came into vogue, burattinibecame possessed, as we have already seen- of all the " scenarii " of theCommedia dell'Arte; and partly transcribed, partly improvised the pro- ductions that had made the fortune of Italian comedians of that period ;4the comedies of Ruzzante, of della Scala, of Andreini, and all the others,which, afterwards, came to be represented in France in the Marionettetheatres of the two " Fiere ", where we shall find them In due time andpass them in review. j£?&amp; Burattini had also at that time under their control " scenarii" ofthe most ancient times, altered and revised to meet the requirementsof wooden personages:... 'Li sdegni degli amanti', by Ottavio Janida, Gliamanti scherniti', 'Amor non inteso', by Boccabadati, 'La caccia degliamori', 'Gli anelli magic!', 'Arlecchino finto princepe', 'I due vecchi Ge- mel'i', *ll finto negromante', 'La prlncipessa addormentata', 'II giustoprincipe', 'II finto marlto', 'L' innocenza riconosciuta', 'II Baslllsco diBerganasso', 'La schiava', 'Amor non vuole imganni', 'Arlecchino ladro,sbirro e giudlce', 'Eularia muta per amore', 'Rosalba incantatrice', 'IIbarone tedesco', *ll gran Convitato di Pietra'. &amp;£? Of improvised comedies many disappeared, either in the " casottl or 44 castelll " that were set up in the open streets, where they wereacted by strolling showmen of " fraccuradi " and 44 fantoccini or inthe theatres of innumerable 44 Accademie" and 44 Congreghe ", that sprangup rapidly all over the peninsular. &amp;In those improvisations, one of the most distinguished was PletroSusini, brother in-law of Lorenzo Lippi, author of 44Malmantile riacqui- sto ", who, (Pletro) according to the tastimony of Salvinl, " provided thesubjects and recited himself in the 44 casino da S. Marco ", in the timeof prince Leopold, afterwards Cardinal; and was one of the operatingmembers of the 44 Accademla de' Rifritti &amp;&amp; After that, came the fabled and pantomimic plays: 4L'Augel!ino Bel'verde ", 4Le tre melarance', 411 Re cervo', 4La donna Serpente', all fablesby Gozzi, 'La Grotta incantata', by Pirola, 411 noce di Benevento', byFlnoli, 4La Fata Morgana', 411 flauto magico', 4Eutlchio e Sinfarosa', 411castello di Udolfo', 4Leonzio o I'incredulo punito', 'L'alchemista', 'II ca- stello incantato'.JZ? And then all the pathetic and romantic dramas of the last centuryand of ours4Genovieffa di Brabante ovvero le caduta del terribileGolo' by Gasperi, 4Bianca e Fernando alia tomba del Duca d'Agrigento',by Roti, 'L'orfanella della Svizzera', by Marchionnl, 'II conte dl SanGermano', by Prina, 4Elisabetta Potowsky ovvero gli Eslliati in Siberia',and 411 furioso all' Isola di San Domingo', by Ferretti. £? JS? &amp;All the dramas of the 44 Avelloni " and 44 Federici all the Frenchmelodramas, translated and revised for the Italian stage ; all the civiland military German comedies of Iffland and Kotzebue, stripped, shor- tened, amputated and changed so as to admit of the intervention ofArlecchino, Brighella, Gerolamo, Meneghino, Gianduia and Stenterellopassed one at a time into the Marionette theatre. s?It is probable that no other stage has ever so clearly representedwhat might be described as the 44 colore del tempo " ; and that no othertheatre has ever manifested, more plainly than the burattini, the criticaland philosophical spirit of Its contemporaries, with those little produc- tions; acted with all the dominant passion of the moment, with parodies,with satires, with daring farces, with allusions to all current events,and all political people, with 44 tirate ", improvised or composed day by day, I might almost say hour by hour, according to circumstances andthe course of events.All great men, all reformers, all the personages of the day, all abstractbeings, all personifications of ideas, ail the heroes of religion, of atheism,of epic poetry, of romance and chronicle from Christ to Beelzebub,from Don Pirlone to Ugo Bassi, from Vittorio Emanuele to Garibaldi,from Rinaldo di Montalbano to Masfrilli, from Giovanna D'Arco to theMonaca of Cracovia, from Carlo V to Giovanni delle Bande Nere; allhave had among burattini a moment of triumph and an hour of resur- rection.^ To be continued. (1) P. Ferrigni. NO T E S.(i) A play on words. "Scappato" means "run away", "made his escape". NO T E S.(1) An article on " Brighella " appeared in 44 The Mask " July 1912.(2) A good for nothing rascal.(3} " Qenerici brighelleschi Novara. Crotti. &lt;B7O. jz? jg? NOTES.(i) A " carciofo " is an artichoke. jz? uz? &amp; NOTES.(2) For further news of Pulcinella see ** The Mask July 1910. NO T E S.(i) Six or seven shillings. NOTES.(i) This was written about 1884. (i) "An eye out of one's head", An Italian idiom for a great cost. THE SCENARIOS OF DELLA PORTA by Dr Michele Scherillo. della Porta, of whose " Scenarios " Dr Scherillowrites in the following essay, was born in Naples about 1540of a noble and ancient family and died in 1615. While very younghe travelled much in Italy, France and Spain, frequenting thelibraries and the society of learned men and clever craftsmen,and acquiring much learning. After his return to Naples he instituted in his own house the" Accademia dei Segreti" to which he admitted none who had notdiscovered some secret useful in medicine or in natural science. Hewrote, besides his stage plays, a learned work on Natural Magic,and also a profound study ,s De humana physiognomia ".J&amp; JS? iccoib Toppi, a nobleman of Chieti and keeper ofthe archives of his Catholic Majesty in the greatrecord office of the " Regla Camera della Sum- maria ", describes Qiambattista della Porta as a" napolitano di fertile ed elevato Ingegno, orna- mento particolare di Napoli ", and specially refersto his scientific works. (1)But in the additions to his " Bibiioteca Napo- letana" which covers as much space as the first part of the work, hegives a list of the tragedies, tragicomedies and comedies of Porta andconfesses to having compiled it from the 44 Drammaturgia " of LeoneAllaccii (see page 329 of above). There is no reference to the 44 scenarlLionardo Nicodemo, who made the 44 Addizioni " to the 44 Biblioteca "of Toppi, adds to the list a comedy called 44 La notte ", which used tobe represented 44 all' Improviso " in public theatres and In a few privatehouses. And Ghirardelli, with regard to that play, says in the 44 difesa " of Ills " Costantlno " : " Porta has been very highly praised for his*' "Notte", which at one stroke produced so much and such varied suc- " cess as aroused the laughter and wonder of the spectators. " (1) X?&amp; Gennaro Muzio, the editor of four volumes of Porta's comedies, ex- cuses himself for the delay in their publication by saying: " By no means" small has been the labour which 1 have been obliged to devote for the" putting together, and adapting as one whole all the comedies of this" most famous author. Some of them 1 have happily succeeded in" collecting; others, however, It has not been possible to trace saveafter repeated requests and incredible exertions. Who will ever believe" that one man treated my continual requests as objectionable or even" ridiculous ? thai some other, moved by the idle fear of rendering trivial" or vulgar the rarest gems of his library, repulsed me?.... " ....Andhaving mentioned the published plays, he hastens to quote what Ni- codemo says of the " Notte " so that it may be generally known thatas this particnlar comedy was always acted " all' improvviso ", it wasnever printed and that on that account it had been impossible for himto include it with the other "commedie", which were all written out atftlengtii and preserved In print. jZ? jZ? &amp; jZ? x&amp;x? Signorelll of Naples, In reliance on the statement of Nicodemo andGennaro Muzio, also refers to the comedies in connection with Porta.It would, indeed, appear from his account that he had actually had themin his hands. This is what he says, after having first denounced all thosewho " non leggendo, osano raglonare (2) " : " We shall not dwell upon" either of those comedies which the publisher of his " Penelope "" Pompeo Barbarito, promised in 1591 to produce." (it remains to be seenwhether he could have done so !), nor " upon the favole " a soggetto "" (among which his celebrated "Notte" won a long celebrity,) with which" he used to delight the city of Naples at the same time as with his «* scientific works he rendered it learned. " (Storia critica dei teatriantichi e moderni, vol. 6. pag. 295.) And then, without further com- ment, he refers his readers to Ghirardelli and to Nicodemo. j£? It has been alleged in later times by Camerini, Settembrini andTailarigo, that Porta was the author of "scenari" but none of them hasadvanced any proof of this. The gospel has always been preached ac=cording to Nicodemo.The illustrious professor Fiorentino, with that gravity of style whichmakes him one of the ablest of critics* and not of Italy only, has alsojoined the contest, and suggested a doubt whether Porta ever wrote anyplays at all. His reasoning is something like this : 44 You assert that Porta44 wrote them, for no other reason except that you have heard that a&lt;« scenario " called 44 La Notte " was the work of this author. Now you44 should know that that " celebrated " Notte Is not a 44 scenario " and44 in 1610 was ready for the press, and figures among the works of which44 the Manuscripts were consigned by De Filiis to the Publisher Bar- -44 tolemmeo Zannetti. " JZ?&amp; The 44 scenari", according to Fiorentino, served for the 44 commedladell'arte ", 44 which was so called because it was always performed by44 professional actors while the learned comedy could be performed even44 by dilettanti. Porta kept on the edge of the learned comedy, and if44 towards the end of his dramatic career he turned somewhat from the444 classic models and introduces some innovations, he never goes so far44 as the commedia dell'arte nor the use of masks. Porta never gives any44 indications that his plays were performed save by dilettanti ; much44 less then would it enter his mind to sketch out 44 canevacci " which44 to such actors would be absolutely useless. The improvised comedy,44 or comedy 44 a soggetto " as we usually call it, served for one who44 was both author and actor, as was Moliere in later times. For our44 Porta it was not the thing. " JZ? JZ/&amp; As the matter stands here, the balance of probability would seem toincline in favour of the negative argument of Fiorentino. On the otherhand, there is a document, that goes to prove that Porta really did write44 scenari:... an actual "scenario" of his composition! It has been broughtdown to us by the Sicilian Andrea Perrucci in his book 44 Dell'arte rap- presentatativa premeditata ed all'improviso ". Speaking of 44 commsdie asoggetto "he writes: 44 The 'soggetti' which are scattered about are44 many, and there are printed volumes of them either from the comedians44 theatre or of 44 zibaidoni " to which I refer, such as the fifty days44 44 Teatro scenico " of Piaminio Scala, known as Piavio. &amp;" The making of new ones is a little difficult for anyone who has44 not good powers of invention and knows how to avoid the ancient44 lazzi:however 44 hoc opus hie labor est". It seems that the Latins44 did not know how to avoid the imitation of the Greeks, nor the Italians44 of the Latins ; hence the invention of new lazzi Is not for all, espe- -44 cialiy in a "soggetto ", where many are required, which for but few44 is an easy matter. Now I, although I have amused myself by ma- -44 king them like a very Mars, will take example from a classic in this44 work, that is the 44 Trapolaria " by G!o. Batt. della Porta the Neapo- -44 litan whose genius is known through his many treatises on naturalmagic, chiromancy and a thousand other erudite matters among whichwas not lacking this of the Comedia, because, in the words of Tullio,44 "omnes artes habent quoddam comune vinculum, et cognations qnadam44 inter se continentur " should be observed that Porta not only wrote 44 scenari ", but be=came a classic in the art. This fact seems to me to be most importantfor all those who desire to make a complete study of the Neapolitan44 commedlografo ", and also for those who wish to occupy themselvesseriously and it is about time..,, with an examination of sixteenthcentury comedy. But, besides that, the 44 scenario " of the '4 Trapoiaria "affords us an opportunity of comparison, which may very much assistus in our Investigations with regard to the 44 commedia dell' arte " inItaly. &amp;It is drawn from a comedy of Plautus, the 44 Pseudolus and it servedlater as a frame on which Porta built the play to which he gave thetitle of 44 Trapolaria ", so that we have in our hands actual facts showingus, not only how a commedia came to be derived from a 44 scenarioand, therefore, in what way were developed the 44 lazzi and 44 scenewhich in the 44 scenario " were only suggested ...(there would be nothingspecially new about this in the actual condition of our study of the 44 commedia dell'arte "...)(i) but also what must hav&lt;e been the labour ofa sixteenth century writer In reducing to a 44 scenario " a 44 commediaclassica". &amp; The achievement consists in the conjunction of the two phenomena.It should not, however, be assumed that the metamorphosis of a classicalplay into a 44 scenario " is to be found only in respect of the 44 Pseudo- lus On the contrary, I believe It applied to all the 44commedie" bothof Plautus and Terence. Still, so far as I know, this is the first time weare called upon to examine the two elaborations executed on the samesubject by a single author.44 Pseudolus " signifies 44 trappoliere "(a cheator deceiver) and 44 Trappolaria " the work, or doings, of a 44 trappoliereThe 44 personaggi ", or actors of Plautus are fewer in number and com°pare with those of the 44 scenario " and those of the 44 commedia " of theNeapolitan poet in the following manner :Pseudolus, Scenario, Commedia,Pseudolus, servos. Coviello. servant. Trappola. servant.Calidorus, adolescens. Pedelindo. son. Arsenio. son.Ballio. leno. Policinella. merchant. Lucrino. pimp.Simo. senes. Tartaglia. father. Calllfrone. old man.Caliipho. senes. Pasquariello. servant. Dentifrangolo. servant,liarpax. cacula. Pespice. servant. Leonello. servant.Charinus. adolescens. Turchetta. slave. Cook.Puer. Donna Laura, wife Fagone. parasite.Cocuus. of Tartaglia. Filesia. Spanish youth.Loiarii, quatuor. A servant of Donna Elionora. old woman.Simia, sycophanta. Laura. Gabrina. wife of Fa-Phoenicium. meretrix. Isabella, courtesan. gone.Pimpinella. servant. Dragoleone. capitano.Capitano. Poleone. venditore.Rivenditore. &amp; The plot of the " Pseudolus " is also less complicated. &amp;&amp; The servant... who is a man with red hair, corpulent, with swarthycomplexion, sharp eyes, rubicund, and with big feet.... swears that hewill deliver the courtesan Phoenicium into the hands of Calidoj;us inspite of all the craftiness of the 44 ruffiano ", or go-between, and theavarice of the aged Slmo. He comes to the house of Ballio and arrivesat the moment when the soldier, Harpax, who has been sent by theMacedonian Captain, is presenting the last fifty pieces of money for thepurchase of the slave and is also giving the countersign. Pseudolusadvances and asks him what he wants, and* having been told, puts outhis hand for the money and sign. The soldier gives the sign, but notthe money, saying that he will give that to Ballio himself. While waitingfor Ballio's return, he enters a tavern, where Pseudolus promises tobring Ballio when he comes. No sooner, however, does he find himselfin possession of the countersign than the crafty servant proceeds to carryout a brilliant stroke of knavery and in Simia he has an accomplice,who might have been his teacher. His disguise as a soldier leads Charinusto give him fifty 44 mine ", or pieces of money, with instructions to goand redeem the slave. As soon as they have her in their possession, theydepart to make merry in a tavern. Simo and the 44 ruffiano " rub theirhands with satisfaction at being rid of Phoenicium, but, presently,Harpax returns and asks for the woman to be given to him. The twoold men, mistaking him for a delayed mandatory of Pseudolus, begin tobanter and laugh at him, but they soon discover that it is they them- selves who are fooled, and that they not only have the joke againstthem but the loss of a considerable sum of money as well. Ballio has torefund two hundred 44 mine " to the Captain, and as much to Simo onaccount of his lost wager over the girl and Simo has to pay these twohundred 44 mine "to Pseudolus because he has been tricked. £/But a plot so simple could not suffice for a Neapolitan comedy writerof the sixteenth century. The times required a crowd of actors and aseries of actions, both principal and secondary, and all interwoven inapparently inextricable knots, such as to render indispensable some44 Deus ex machlna " of the kind that is often introduced on the stageto unravel everything with confessions and explanations. A providential hand is stretched out to join in matrimony two u promessi sposi ". who,to all appearance, were separated for ever, having, the one or the other,been carried away to captivity by Turkish bandits. Sold at first in Bar- •bery and afterwards re=sold to a " Capitano di ventura or to a slavemerchant, they are ultimately brought back to their own country to besold again, when, in some mysterious way, they return to their families,are recognised and their happy marriage is celebrated.The Public of that day, with its deadened aesthetic sense, had needof strong excitement and strong emotions, and as for that purpose the" sale plautino " was not sufficient, and phrases with double meanings,if they were to be appreciated, had to be divested of every veil and tobe presented in their natural impudicity, it was necessary that thevarious actions of a play should not be merely implied, or left to beunderstood, but that they should be expanded and explained in theirfullest and most minute particulars.The spectators of the " Trappolaria ", for example, would have puton wry faces if Trappola or Coviello, in order to avoid reciting passagesthat were called for in the unfolding of the plot, had said like Pseudolus:" Horn in caussa haec agitur spectatorum FabulaHi sciunt, qui hie affuerunt; vobis post narravero ".It was necessary to devise a more studied method of expression,something that should be less simple and less primitive, even if it werean " accidente di soliloquio " of the " primo innamorato The " scenario " is still more complicated than the written play. Inthe former Porta is preoccupied with the various mannerisms of theactors and with the necessity of adapting different parts to fixed typesso as not to exclude any of them or to make them speak or act in anyway opposed to the traditional. In the case of the " com media ", on thecontrary, he polishes and re-polishes his work, knowing full well thathe has not only to satisfy the fleeting taste of his contemporaries, as hedoes with regard to the " scenario ", but that he has also to face thejudgment of posterity. jg? jg? *&amp; &amp;The action, or plot, of the " scenario " opens like this :Capitano speaks of his love for the slave and of his wish to pur- %chase her. Poiicinella is playing lazzi inside and then comes forward. Capitano takes him for a servant of the house and asks for Polici- nelia, who tells him to speak. Capitano says he wants Policinella,who jokes and says "e tu torna a bussar In the end they knowone another and come to an agreement about the slave and the price,the Capitano saying that he will send a servant with a counter- sign which he whispers in his ear. Turchetta, having observed every- thing through the window, is sorry not to have heard the counter- sign ; she comes in. Policinella enters. Capitano goes away.£? AH this is understood both in the '* commedia of Plautus and in thelater one of Porta. But In the " scenario " it could not be omitted, orbe merely implied, because it afforded an opportunity for the appearanceon the stage of a character that was extremely well liked by the Italianpublic, and especially by the Neapolitan public, the type or character9of the Spanish Capltan; moreover it presented an occasion for themeeting of the Capitano with Policinella and of carrying on with himthose pranks and jests which always produced the most excited applause.Although all might have been well understood, or implied, the publicwould not have been satisfied to go without the actual demonstration,simply because in a good comedy such things were considered to be outof place.&amp; The two productions, then, of Porta are co-incident.&amp; Enter Tartaglla and Fedelindo talking of sending the brother andsister-in-law to Barcelona to fetch the step-mother, repeating theargument of the play of the " Due figli sirnili " and of the twodaughters of Donna Laura, Elvira and Eufrasia. Fedelindo refuses to go there. Tartaglia says that he will have to go by force and departsto arrange about a ship. Fedelindo in despair. Turchetta comes fromher house, lamenting that she has to be separated from Fedelindo ;an equivocal scene takes place, Fedelindo believing he has heard ofher sale. In the end Fedelindo discloses the will of his father. Tur- chetta faints. Coviello comes in and seeing the slave in a faint goesfor water, (i) pure cistern or spring water, hot or cold. Turchetta comes to herself and discovers that she has been sold. Pedelindo faints andcalls for water. Coviello seeing the grief of the lovers, pretends tofaint; they call for water and he for wine.&amp; Here we have what might be a repetition of the first four scenes ofthe 44 Trappolaria In which, however, the 44 lazzi of Coviello for thepurpose of recovering the lovers do not take place. It may be worthwhile to give the scene between Arsenio, Filesia and Trappola in orderto be able to form an idea of the kind of language that lovers in thosedays were accustomed to use to one another:Trappola.. Master, what are you crying for, what is the meaningof all th is lamentation ?Arsenio. Can you not see, Trappola, that my life is dead In myarms and that my own death lives in me ? Oh, death, how can you givedeath to one, who has the power of giving life to others ? If you havebeen merciful to her in relieving her from care, why are you so cruelto me, making me survive in so much pain ? You have acquired thename of cruel one in killing her; acquire now the name of compassionnate one by killing me also. Alas, she is quite cold and all warmth hasgone from her heart and now it seems that her death invites me todie too. jg? jg/Trappola. Don't despair, master; pull her hair; that is the wayto revive women." jg?Here, at last, the Plautinian " commedia " begins. Calidorus tellsPseudolus of all his troubles as a lover and Pseudolus promises to helphim. In the second scene the slave dealer appears with four wardersand gives orders for the house to be prepared for the celebration of his%festival. This part, so characteristic of Plautus, is necessarily wantingin the sixteenth century play because it was no longer iu accordancewith the customs of the time. In the third scene the young lover andhis servant arrive to claim the slave and are told that she has been al~ready sold to the Capitano. Pseudolus threatens the dealer that he willtake her by force. jg? - jgf In substance the 44 scenario " and the 44 commedia " of Porta say thesame thing, but with the usual wealth and research of detail. &amp;In the 44 scenario " Policinella is calling the slave; Coviello and Fedeiindo while speaking pleasantly to Policlnella pretend toconceal her; afterwards they offer to buy her. Policinella says thatshe has been sold, Coviello says that he will steal her. Policinellalaughs at him and Coviello declares that he will come for her witha carriage and four horses and much noise and say, or else I stealher. Policinella replies that it Is impossible. They arrange twentyfive scudl. Policinella enters the house with the slave.This corresponds with the fifth scene In the 44 commedia " -&lt;s&gt;But there Is a difference as regards the part of the servant in allthree of the plays. It is simpler and more probable, as is always the caseas represented in Pseudolus. Here the servant, while puzzling his brainto think of away of becoming possessed of the girl, happens to meetHarpax and proceeds to wrest the countersign from him, and havingobtained it. Is enabled to secure Phoenicium without further trouble. Inthe 44 scenario " on the contrary, another woman is Introduced, acourtesan, named Isabella, who is in love with the Capitano and whoturns to Coviello for help." Isabella, a courtesan, begs Coviello to aid her in her love for theCaptain. Coviello promises and departs. The Capitano appears bring- ing the money for the slave girl. Isabella entreats him, but hedisdains her and goes. Isabella in despair. jg/ &amp;This Intromission of the 44 cortigiana amante " is one of the old stockweapons of the 44 commedia dell'arte " and Porta discarded it in his latercomedies. In the second act Coviello begins to be active. &amp; &amp;Pasquariello the servant of the Captain says that he has beensent by his master to buy the slave. Here Coviello speaks of thepast. Pasquariello asks Coviello to tell him where Policinella lives.Coviello, suspicious, says he is Policinella. Pasquariello, who has comefor the slave, gives him money. Coviello pretends that he is a cheatas he has not given him the countersign. Pasquariello says that hehad forgotten to do so, and that it is 4'touch the end of your nose".Coviello says It Is all right and calls Isabella. When she conies hetells her in an aside that she must pretend to be his slave so that shemay go with the Captain. She consents. Coviello then hands her toPasquariello and they go away together. Coviello wants by some means to secure the real slave and calls Pesplce, a servant toIsabella. £? J£? &amp;Coviello arranges with him to pretend to be Pasquariello so that hemay get the slave. He promises him a dinner and gives him money andthe countersign and departs.£? In the " commedia " Trappola has recourse to the parasite Falcone,who disguises himself as a soldier and thus deceives the slave merchant,and to Falcone's wife, Gabrina, who, closely veiled, is given, In substi- tution for Filesia, to Dentifrangolo, the Captain's servant. The slave,pending the arrival of her lover, Is made to enter the house ol the pa- rasite, The Captain receives the reputed Filesia with great joy, but assoon as her face is unveiled and he is confronted with that ugly oldwoman, he exclaims:Dragalone. YOU, then, are my charming and beautiful Filesia.Gabrina. &amp; I am Filesia, yes.Dragalone. Worthy of course of a joust under your windowsand of the breaking of a dozen jZ? zz? •£*Gabrina. I am Filesia, yes. &amp;Dragalone. I desired Filesia because she is as lovely as Venus.Gabrina. I am Filesia, and I am also beautiful. Dragalone. You beautiful! you are the very picture of a devil, ofthe evil of San Lazzaro, a pest that would frighten even a ghost. JZ&gt;Gabrina. And you with your face of a witch. The mere sight ofyou is sufficient to' excite disgust.Dragalone. I have created more wounds with my eyes by lovinggentle ladies than I have ever made with my sword and with my angeliccountenance. JZ? JS?JZ?J:7/Z?£?JZ?J&amp;Gabrina. &amp; A countenance of Satan from the Inferno. \Dragalone. &amp; As for you, ugly creature as you are, I swear to youon the faith of a cavalier, that if I were not afraid of tarnishing myglorious and illustrious deeds, in the course of which I have subduedprinces and dethroned powerful kings, by soiling my hands with the*blood from the faces of women of mean condition I would cut off yournose and wear it as a crest on my helmet. j£?Gabrina. And you, I would have you to know that I can become a man or a woman as I please, and that if you put nie Into a rage I willmake your skin suffer.Dragalone. YOU surely cannot know who I am.Gabrina then returns to her house and finds Filesia there. As shedoes not know her, she takes her to be a mistress of her husband, andseizes a stick, where with to drive her out. At that moment Fagoneappears with a quantity of things to eat and a cook, whom he has en- gaged in the city for the day, so that a feast may be prepared in cele- bration of the happy result of Trappola's craftiness and knavery. Theold woman, full of jealousy and imagining orgies, bacchanalia and thelike begins, in her rage, to throw her stick about, breaking bottles,glasses, plates and much besides. &amp;Fagone. "Ho, accursed fool, stop it! 1 have had enough of this,is it not enough that you should beat me, but you must even break myflask of wine and spoil my clothes ? Why have you not rather brokenmy head and scattered my brains ? If you had spiit my blood you couldnot have displeased me more. Let the race of such as you be exting- uished. 1 wiil satisfy myself, at any rate, with what remains. "Filesia manages to make her escape and goes wandering about Naplesin search of Arsenio, who, in his turn, goes to Fagone and finds himdrunk, but learns with some difficulty that the girl has left. He sets offin pursuit... and for some time he Is speaking on one side of the stageand she on the other without either of them being aware that they areclose together. At last they hear one another's voices, draw near andare recognised. &amp; *&amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;The plot of the "scenario " follows a parallel course, but containsfewer episodes. &amp;&amp; Capitano, disdainful, says he expected the slave ; departs. Isabellaremains looking displeased and knocks at her house. Turchetta askswhat she wants. Isabella becomes jealous and saying that it is herhouse drives Turchetta out and enters herself. Turchetta goes. Co- vlello and Fedelindo say they have taken the slave to Isabella's housea«u they knock. Pimpinella says that his mistress has sent awaythe slave through jealousy of the captain; they go in search of her.Turchetta, lamenting her fortune, does not know where to go. At this moment Fedelindo sees her and they embrace. &amp;As soon as the lover is successful in obtaining possession of Phoenicium,the Plautinian comedy comes to an end. Everything now depends uponthe wager of Pseudolus that in some way he would get the slave fromthe dealer and having done so and, therefore, won, the comedy comesto its natural termination.The solution of the matter is altogether external, but the questionarises whether old Simo will allow his son to keep the girl in the housesimply because the servant has been successful in so cunningly obtainingpossession of her. &amp;&amp; Porta gives a fuller solution though he has to go for it to the usual" guardaroba " of his time. Arsenio had a brother, married in Barcelona,and the two brothers resembled one another like two drops of water.The sister-fn-law was the daughter of the first husband of her motherand had a sister, who had been promised to him as his wife, but hadfallen into the hands of slave merchants. Trappola continues his subter- fuges until there would seem to be no escape from them, when, at thatmoment, the step-mother of Arsenio arrives from Barcelona and reco- gnises Pilesia as her long lost daughter-in-law and the marriage Iscolebrated. The same playwright admits in the " scenario " that thisconclusion is not new, and that it has, in fact, been taken from thecomedy of the " Due figli similiAmong the various episodes of the " scenario " there is one that wasafterwards reproduced In the " commedia which it may be useful andinteresting to mention. Covielio has hired from a broker of second-handarticles a Spanish cavalier's suit, a lady's dress and a soldier's uniformfor the purpose of a ** trappola " or plot. As the " padrone " has nothingelse to offer in pledge, he gives a false ring, which he represents to beworthy thirty scudi. The broker is satisfied, but finding afterwards thathe has been imposed upon, he claims either the return of the things hehas loaned or the deposit of some other security. Fedelindo and his "in- namorata" are at that moment wearing the clothes that have been hired.&amp; In answer to the broker's demand Fedelindo pretends not to unders- tand, talks Spanish, turns his back upon him and tells him to get hismoney from Covielio. The Court and broker, having discovered that the ring Is falseobtain an order for the arrest of Coviello and have him taken.•Coviello tells Fedellndo to settle with the jailors for the false ring.Fedelindo pretends not to know him, saying in Spanish: " Hermanoyo no to conosco Coviello tells the broker to arrest the couple,who are wearing the clothes. The broker causes Fedelindo to bearrested, who, changing his tone, asks Coviello to help him. Coviellopays him back in his own coin by saying In Spanish ; " Hermano yono te conosco". The police are about to take him to prison; thereis a struggle and the second act ends. ■£?In the "commedia" all these different lazzi are set forth at length:Trappo/a. JZT What do you want ? What do you seek from me ? Poleone. I want you, either to come to prison or to return mygoods. &lt;£? JZ? JZ/Trappola. Here Is the padrone, ask him. I am only a poorservant. JE? JZT &amp; JZ? JZ? JZ? JZ&gt;Poleone. JZ? Sir, will you restore my clothes or shall I conduct thatman to prison ? JG? JZ? ZZ? JZ? G? JZ?Arsenio. z? (Speaking in Spanish, tells him to go away, and not totalk to a cavalier with such little respect.)Trappola. z? For pity's sake, padrone, either pay him or returnhim his clothes. g? &amp; z? jg? &amp;Arsenio. (In Spanish.) I don't know what you are saying. £&gt;Trappola. ■£? Now that you have gained your end, do you not un- derstand what he says ? jZ? jZ? jZ? g?Arsenio. (Says, in Spanish, that he does not know.) JZ? JZ?Trappola. JZ? NOW don't you know Trappola ? JZ?Arsenio. Trappola, what Trappola ? &amp; JZ?Trappola. jzt What are you talking about ? Will you pay or must Igo to prison ? Arsenio. li Que te ileven adonde quieren, que se me da ".Poieone. JZ? Sir, if I take him I shall not be acting discourteouslyfor lamin my right and if you wish me to speak 1 wi11.... £? gfTrappola. zz? I will speak, Sir, my Italian padrone ordered me inthe couise of his service to find him some pieces of cloth; 1 found them and we "pawned them with this young man, who gave us as security afalse ring. Having gained what he wanted the padrone comes with thepolice and demands the return of the goods or another pledge, other- wise that I be taken to prison. The Italian padrone speak Spanish andprotests that he is not the person concerned, therefore pronounce thesentence ; the padrone there acts as an ungrateful man and an ass.Arsenio.■£? Si, es verdad, razon teneys.Trappola.£? And that he is an ass I require no further proof thanyourself for you very weil know that what I say is true. Arsenio. J£? YO me voy, que tengo que hazar. &amp; &amp;Arsenio goes away and Trappola restores the soldier's uniform to thepawnbroker and gives him to understand that the fault rests entirely*with his padrone and that he is the man who should be taken to prison.Arsenio, believing himself to be out of the difficulty and that Poleonehas gone, returns to the scene, when the following dialogue takes placePoleone. JZ? Take that man to gaol; I am determined to have myproperty. JZ? J£&gt; - JZ?Arsenio. Que quereys vos de my ?Poleone. YOU needn't speak Spanish any longer ; either restoreto me the clothes you are wearing or come to Arsenio. JZ? Trappola, haz de rnanera que ne vays en prison. JZ?Trappola. JZ? I Trappola, I ? Just now you pretended not to knowme; how is it that you know me now? I don't know you, nor do Iknow to whom you are referring.Arsenio. &amp; Por vida tuya hagamos de manera, que estes ine dexen.Trappola. JZ? DO it yourself. What have you to do with me ?Poleone. £? Come, either return the things or let us go to gaol.Arsenio. &amp; (In Italian.) (If I go to prison it will be my ruin andeverything will be found out. I would rather die.) Quitaos de hay contodos diablos, se no queos matare. JZ/ JZI JZ? JZ?Poleonei JZ? Poor me, where are you going ? The plague take you.Andrea Perrucci.... who wrote many dramatic plays, especially formusic and " scenari "... in republishing this one of Porta, gives us thisadditional explanation of the various " lazzi " which were merelyImplied because they were extremely common, or usual, among actors. Thus " the lazzo of " torna a bussare " (go back and knock) in thefirst scene means that the Capitano, not recognising Policinella themerchant, seeing him slovenly, does not want to speak to him ; and theother, to make him understand that he is the master of the house, tellshin "torna a bussare" until he awakes to the truth. "Suoi Jazzi dadentro " (his lazzi inside) in the first scene means that Policinella fromwithin can at his pleasure pretend either to sing or to quarrel with theslvaves or any other ridiculous action without being limited. &amp;He gives moreover the rule or system whereby to understand the con- ventional signs that were in customary use in " scenari ", thus a line(--) is 'the sign for going off and terminating the scene', and an asteriskis the sign to observe from aside what the other characters do or say soas then to do what is required for the argument', This asterisk was calledthe ' osservatorioThe expression 'in questo ' means that the characteron the exit of the others, remains; thus showing that such and suchcharacters go off and such or such are " in questo ", that is, remain, qndanother or others arrive. And then, we are told 'at the end of eachact there must be music, or some dance, or at other times amusing in- terludes . /Z&gt; /OIt may not, perhaps be difficult for some diligent and fortunate stu- dent, In looking through old papers and books, to discover other " sce- nari " by Porta and it might form an important contribution to ourknowledge of the " con;media dell'arte ". &amp; In the meantime, before I finish my story i should like to be allowedto address a remark to Fiorentino. He says: "of the Policinella whospeaks Neapoietan the first progenitors are it Giacoso delia Tabernariaand il Punnuorfo del del Moro, Introduced by our Giambattista Portabeside the characters of the classic comedy &amp; &amp;We must not be unjust to Pulcinella. Giacoso and Pannurfo are indi- &gt;idua! creations of Porta, in imitation of " Intrighi d'amore ", and cannotbe rightly described either as progenitors or descendants of the "buffone"of Acerra. Pulcinella, as we have seen, Is older than they are. In thescenario of the " Trapolarla "he is introduced as being one of themost popular actors of the day, together with the Capitano and withCoviello. NO T E S.(i) (Biblioteca napoletana et apparato a gli huominl illustri in lettere diNapoli e del Regno, delle famiglie, terre, citta e religioni. che sono neilostesso Regno, dalle loro orlgini per tutto I'anno 1673; pag. 139. £? NOTES.(i) Delle Commedie di Qiovambattista de la Porta napoletano. 4 vols :Naples 1726. From the press and at the expense of Gennaro Muzio heirof Mlchele-Luigi. x? &amp; &amp; js?(3) Without reading, dare to argue. jZ? jZ? x? NO T (i) See Ad. Bartoli. 44 Scenari inediti" pg p6 and following. Also AchilleNerl, 44 Una commedia dell'arte " In the Giornale storico delta Lett: ital:Year, Vol i, No: I, pg. 75 and following. NO T E S. (i) Here a lazzo is introduced on varied kinds of water, clean and unclean* ENGLISH SENTIMENTALITY by John Balance. nglish sentimentality is on the increase; seldomhas it gushed out with such lack of control as ithas done lately. There are quite a number of in- stances in the last year; we need not single outthe case of the heroic death of Scott, neither isthe loss of the Titanic a case in point, but at everyinstant Britain weeps and loses control of herselfin the handkerchief of her newspapers. The news of a disaster comes as a shock whether you are an indivi- dual or a nation, and, according to the way in which a shock is received,so do you declare the strength or the weakness of your nature. If youshriek, get flustered, and meet disaster in any other way but smilingly,and with open eyes, searching into the suggestion which has to be foundin such a disaster, then you are nothing but a hysterical nation orperson, and that is unfortunately the very tiling which England seemslonging to prove,... that she is a hysterical nation.Such sentimental outbursts are no signs of feeling; they are signs oflack of feeling, lack of vision, a lack of knowledge, and it is very badfor the health.There are always a million or so of people who will say that shocksof all kinds are bad for the health, but that is because they see nothingin life, which is a series of shocks, ending up with one great big shock,and do not perceive that the whole reason of these preliminary shocks isto lead you into such a condition that you can meet the last shock.jZf What use is there then in fainting or becoming hysterical ? No use,you say,... just natural. But everything is natural, therefore the otherthing is as natural as this.Certainly, when you read the news of a man dying in jtho Arctic re- gions, it is a great shock, and if that man is known to you it is evenmore of a shock, but you have only got to look out of your window,especially in London, to see disasters no less terrible see them inhundreds. *&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;A man dying for the cause he loves is certainly a disaster for us, butthen we perpetually encourage such disasters by doing nothing to prevent them. Over there on the other side of the street is a man in a couple ofrooms. What Is he trying to do ? Nothihg but to discover the means toprevent cancer; ....a heroic act, but he will probably die for it. It isquite natural to him, but it occurs to nobody to cry out that a terribledisaster has happened to the English nation when he does die. %Or there is another man attempting to restore beauty, to discoveragain something as lost and as unknown as the North or South ,...that is to say, beauty. He may be an architect or a musician, and hegives his life to it. Nobody notices that he has given it. No large head*lines of  * Tragic Fate of Richard Wagner ", " Terrible disaster to AugustStrindberg ".And a very good thing that there are no such headlines when thesemen die; but, and here we come to the point of this note, do not forgetthat the acts are parallel and of the same importance; do not forgetthat a small group in every branch of life in the world Is giving its lifewillingly to discover things for the rest of the world and that therest of the world does nothing to assist them.The rest of the world merely weeps buckets of unnecessary and saltlesstears on hearing of the death of some brave captain. jg? At the head of the group of men who give their lives in this work isthe king. Of course the world imagines that he is at the head of theother spectators, and not of the workers. They look on him as a kind ofpatron of indolence, a most amusing but general idea, for most peopleare indolent and only begin to work when the tragic news arrives. Thenthey run to and fro, wailing and moaning, and feeling, or rather tryingto feel, something,... who knows what? JZ? ■£? JZ?*Now if this small section of which I have spoken is the heroic group,frhow is it that the heroic group has such difficulty in advancing andchanging things, so as to make them more human,... I do not say morecomfortable, but more human, more natural? It is that the members ofthis heroic group have the whole world of womankind against them.yg? This is not said because I do not understand women, (though Heavenforbid that I should pretend to understand them thoroughly,) but it Issaid because this must be the only explanation of the extraordinary wayin which the world is carrying on today. Reader'. jZ&gt; I cannot let you continue. I note you intended this to bean essay, but I must make It Into a duologue. You must not have allftthe say to yourself. Now tell me, do you put everything down to thewomen, do you put the whole responsibility of modern civilisation downto them ?JT. B. jZ? Most decidedly. &amp;Reader: Then you must be an enthusiastic supporter of the modernfeminine movement ? jz? &amp;J. B. On the contrary, .that movement is merely a repetition of whatmust have been before. jz? jZ?XrReader: Well, but if women get power, then women will be ableto help ? JZ?£?JZ?JZ?JZ?JZ?JZ?J&amp;J. B. &amp; Women have always had power and have sometimes helped.Reader: &amp; When ? £? zz? £? jZ?J. B. ■Z? Show me the times when the state was well governed, whena city was a beautiful place to walk in, when wealth was not the pro- perty of a few, when the right balance between master and servant,between the artist and the craftsman, between the father and the familywas maintained : show me these times and you will be showing me thetimes when women had most power. These were the heroic times.Reader: JZ? SO you think that to-day the women do not stand by thisheroic section, that you spoke of, of which royalty is at the head ? Whatproof would you put forward that this is so ? .£2?J. B. jZ? For the first proof I would beg of you to come out with meInto the streets of London, Paris, or Berlin. Everything is ugly.Reader: Ah! yes, I see what you want! You want beautiful ex- ternals only. £&gt; jS? jz?J. B. JZ? Beautiful externals are the result of beautiful internals. Anappletree In blossom is different from a fungus In blossom. Both arebeautiful, you say? No, not both are beautiful; but It is just becauseeveryone has the right to say what is beautiful, what Is well constructed,what is capably planned, what Is beautifully painted, what is well-dressed,that there is no longer a standard for these things. If you allow everyoneto judge there can be nothing better or worse, everything is thesame. Reader: u&amp; And would you have the women take part in this Judgement?Would that improve matters ? &amp;J. B. No, but I would have the women join theihselves and their wholeforces to that smaller section which we have called the heroic, ratherthan slip into a casual, and quite uninterested but amused, alliance withthe other and larger section. us/Reader: Ah, but the heroic has something so queer about it. 1 donot think it is quite right for a man like Scott to go to the South Poleand leave behind him all those that he loved; 1 think it is somewhatreprehensible.J. B. u&amp; You do not believe in sacrifice, then ? Reader: u&amp; No, sacrifice is a very unpleasant thing which is overrated«nowadays.J. B. £/ An act of sacrifice is perhaps hardly a pretty thing, but out ofit comes beauty. The fact that there is so little beauty in modern lifeis the result of there being so little sacrifice. That there is little sacrificeis owing to the sentimentality of modern people, who, finding one Manin the year One prepared to sacrifice his life in order to save ail theothers from having to sacrifice anything, (those others readily acceptingthe sacrifice, and feeling that there was no further call on their natures,)have become phlegmatic, comfortable, unathletic either in body or mindor soul. JOJ&amp;J&amp;U&amp;&amp;J&amp;U2/&amp;&amp; And so it comes that there is nowadays [only this little group ofheroic people with the whole world against them, and I believe if thewhole of womankind realized this and placed itself on the side of thissingle battalion, the whole heart of the world would be altered. J&amp;How is it that this alliance cannot be made ? It would be very easyto explain the failure indignantly and cynically. The heroes are notheroes, one might argue, the women are not women. A very easy ex- planation but very unsatisfactory. usz JS/ JS/ uS/What is it then that has prevented the alliance? Nothing but theenemy. Such alliance is not made on the strength of virtues any morethan on the strength of vices or strength of weaknesses. Conditions hardlyform a strong enough wisp of straw with which to bind two forces to- gether; if this were so there would be alliances in the world every minute. The whole world would be in alliance with the world itself*and the contract would have brought about heaven. No, this alliance that 1 spoke of, which I am certain would give theworld new vitality, instead of robbing it of its last remnant of vitality,this alliance is solely prevented by the enemy. The enemy is the othercorner of the triangle, and I suppose it is almost growing into a conven- tion that a triangle must have three equal angles. But 1 am not inclinedto accept the symbol of the triangle much longer, since it works sobadly as a useful sign.Surely there are other geometrical figures which have such signifi- cance and are much more satisfactory ? Anyhow, for the moment thetriangle remains as it is, it is the third corner that Is hampering themovements of the two others. Of course it is quite easy, says the thirdcorner; it has to be a triangle; bnt the other two corners wish to make.a change. If these two corners gave way and rounded themselves, thethird would have to join in, and the third is so particularly enamouredof angles. ' jg? &amp; &amp;This in Itself is very good, but it is not very good considering thepresent day conditions, because the present day condition is not asone grave and superb triangle such as one conceived In the days of Egypt,it is as a lot of broken-up little angles such as the Futurists show J£? The Futurists exactly explain modern life, they are horrible, theirpicture are horrible. And exactly so is modern life, broken and agitated,each little inch quite finished in itself, quite independent of the otherpieces; no harmony, no rhythm, but pandemonium ; not the triumph of•the angle, but the catastrophe of the angle. £?£&gt; And it is always the case that when a thing has reached its period•of decay it is proudest of itself. This conceit it is which prevents thewomen from joining forces with the heroic battalion ; this conceit pre- vents their loyal and courageous union, and prevents beauty being bornagain and the perfect balance once again restored. Only conceit does allthis,... and conceit fattens upon sentimentality. &amp; £/English Reader. (sotto voce.) " The Mask evidently is jealous ofme. I shall stop taking it in ! There I " (Throws this copy at a statue ofVenus and goes out to the Caf£ Royal.) EUROPEAN DEPRESSION by Gordon Craig. eading over letters from my friends a fewhundreds received between 1901 and 1908... I re- member each Incident and am warmed at remem- bering each friend. I read on and on, but whenhalf way through 1 begin slowly to pull up.My thoughts have been brought to a standstill.Something has stopped me advancing.&amp; What Is it ? It is a single note running through ail the letters, connecting eachfriend with the other 'riend, preventing all but a few from standingapart, linking them all together.This note is depression."1 do not think that you will be able t0... " etc.&amp; 44 I regret that you choose t0... " etc.jSf "I'm a bit of an idealist myself, but 1 wish you wouldn't.?. " etc." How happy you are but if only you would... " etc.44 What use is there in... " etc.44 Why... "£&gt; 44 Why... "44 Why... besides how... and after all when..."Only three letters out of the first hundred 1 have just gone throughare without regrets, fears, disapprovals, refusals, denials and whims...and are, in fact, Joyful.All are written in the English tongue, and, as 1 say, cover years; from 1901 to 1908.j0 And that note of depression which sounds from each made me takemy hands from the sheets and close them once more in their box... andlock it.They sound the great London note... the Horn of Hernani. One mustnot let this play end so.That Horn can moan out its own sorrow; it shall not be the cue formy actors to perform a tragedy. This Horn note which walls in the wordsof my friends, which tries to be significant and to draw me into thedumps, is a note which London not alone knows how to utter. j£? Europe today Is uttering it... it rises daily like the daily smoke fromthe chimneys. It spreads dreadful disbelief, and Nature herself barely hasstrength to defy it.I have been trying to the best of my ability to raise the Theatre,., theDrama... the Stage... call it what you wi11... from the gutter.Not the first to make the attempt... but each man gone has made hisattempt differently; each has tried to do it in twenty-five years.Each one has failed.They one and all raised its body an inch out of the gutter ••• held itthere...applause broke out...,4too soon, too soon, why do the people shout?"they seemed to say with their faces. A shudder ran through their frames...then they put it down and fell; a heap upon a heap, increasing by theirweight what already weighed too heavy.&amp; And now that I attempt this thing, everyone, (many dear to me) standsby with hands and throat ready to cry; " Hip, Hip, Hurrah I " and as I keepthem waiting, for I am long over my work... as they watch me, my backbent over this queer thing in the ditch, as they see me motionless, theygrow impatient and utter despondent and disheartening sounds. The noteof Depression begins to be heard... Hernani's Horn.My dear fellows, how do you suppose the Theatre is to be raised... whatis the process employed for the magical act known as raising the&amp; If I remain bent over this thing which I love, cannot you trust me ?Must you click the tongue, grin, sigh, or vex me ? Is that part of theperformance ? Will it help to hasten the ascension of that which liesprone and already begins to rot ?Some of you even turn away with a shrug of the shoulders, and ente- ring the first playhouse, you come to the self-satisfying and secure feelingthat there at least some effort is being made to raise the Theatre... beforeyour eyes.Yes, there at least you are right, and there the theatre is being raisedone inch in a few years. The man raising it by that physical and visibleprocess will drop it, overcome by your applause... your kindly but mostunkind way of showing that you approve that you appreciate hiscleverness in taking you into his secret.... his sense in including youas necessary to the operation. And it is only because of an unusual Depression which weighs soheavily on us today that you catch at the chance he offers you to relieveyour feelings... to applaud.If this world were more Joyful... if like Nature we could wait and waitwith belief .in the final ascension of all things, then you would wait with*me even as I promise you I shall always wait with you.You are some of you attempting to give an ascending motion to thethings you 10ve... to painting, to architecture, to music, and the othermagical things, (I wonder if I exaggerate), and which ever one of yougoes farthest, takes longest; I will wait for and with him.Will you not do this for me too ?I swear that i shall have raised the Theatre not one inch or manyinches, but out of its Body before I shall die.I am doing that all the time as I stoop bent over Its prostrate form.Let the Realists in Life as well as in Art listen to what I now say.Hold close to the 80dy... thinking to reveal the Soul through theholding; raise the Body the traditional inch..,, continue to do 50.... andto let it fall again. Do not cease from this frantic and purposeless parodyof Time and Space.I shall steal the Soul of the Theatre and I shall leave that real corpseIn your midst, and you shall know no more what is to be done with It.Like a mummy it shall block the passages... frighten the children... saddenthe middle-aged... and be a plague even to the dying.Under your very eyes, and through your hands, guard you never sowell, 1 will pass, and In my hands the Soul of the Art. Out of your midst*.I will go, and only when I have carried this Soul again into its Heavenfor those who want it,... only then will you, if you look up, under- stand.&amp; Continue then to look down, and to the right and the left, to clickthe tongue against the teeth, to shake the head... continue with decadentfeet to shuffle down along the Intricate paths... the double shuffle... thereligious nance of these " Real " days... dance this to your own idols...to yourselves.&amp; With decadent eyes gaze like moles at the brown earth until thosetwo last tears of the sou! become darkened and dried. So with withered eyes shall the heart itself wither and become dry asa dead sponge.But I shall have plucked the Soul itself from the dead, and I shallhave placed it where its imperishable beauty can be felt by the wholeearth.When that day comes you will then no longer have eyes to see it...youwill have mortgaged them to the last glance.But rather than that this should all be as 1 have said, will you notcease your complaints, and be rid of the tyranny of this modernplague... Depression?See... speak... write with new eyes and tongues; praise all whichwaits long and seems to act true to the laws of Time and Space, andmistrust all those who want to show immediately that which they havenot seen, and to utter that which they have not felt. MONKEY TRICKS by Yoo-no-hoo. ooking through a collection of designs for theTheatre,., scenes, costumes, and so 0n... by theRussian artists of the last six years, (i) the parti- cular power shown by one and all appears to meto be that of assimilation.This power is their weakness.I suppose very few people out of Russia haveseen this collection, which is made up of designs by Roerich, Somoff, Saponoff, Dobouginsky, Bilibine, Soudeikine, Stelletskyand others. The designs, although for the Theatre, include as you see,work by several men not included among the decorators of the RussianBallet; and yet one and all look as if made by men of the same &amp; Much strong, indeed one may say violent, colour Is spread over each design. The colours assert thenseives each for its own sake ; still, one feelsthat that is the best part of the business. And perhaps the worst partof it is that these designers can be switched on " to any manner " evenas a telephone is switched on to any number: Gerrard. 222.They can turn on the manner of the Middle Ages and make thingsexactly as if they came out of missals* or they can turn on the EighteenthCentury, or they can turn on a kind of fresco scene, or a scene h la Byronor it la Conder; in fact, they can become anything; but they cannot benatural.They cannot say what they have seen, they can oniy report whatsomeone points out to them.This damns once and for all to my mind the whole facile family. j0To borrow an American phrase, they are just too siick for anything.1 once upon a time thought that the painters when they came intothe Theatre would hold the Theatre rather too powerfully in their hands.I now see unmistakeably that the Theatre can twist them round itslittle finger.There is nothing the Theatre achieves to such perfection as the trickof the ape. After many centuries it has surpassed ail others In its powerof mimicry. And now the painters, swarming into the Theatre, seem tohave been stopped at the stage door and asked for the pass-word. " Mimicry ", they giggle inanely, and are admitted by the hall porterpretending to look profound, but with the devil flashing under his maskas, in an aside, he mutters the one word, 44 Nabbed I "&amp;single one which Indicates that the artist has looked at nature or feltnature moving in him. To consider nature should be the first endeavourof those who, though unable to feel deeply, wish at least to be up to date*&amp; There has been a farcical idea going round for the last thirty yearsor more, that the Artificial after all sprang from Nature. Whereas whois there today who does not begin to perceive that the Artificial has itssource only in its dear little self? Perhaps maiden aunts and uncles gaveIt birth; still, whatever its origin, when decked out in its little pinkbows and rouged cheeks it was always'a funny pretty little creature.But nowadays when these Russians take the poor little being out of Itstrivial tissue-paper dress and clothe It in the over-worked copes of the Middle Ages, give it weighty gauntlets of the Seventeenth Century, addhigh red-heeled shoes of the Eighteenth, and then throw In a few Mu- seum pieces from Paris and Bergamo, then artificiality becomes toopompous and too pretentious for words and is offensive. jSfAnd this is all done at the bidding of the stage! Will not another lawbe laid down some day to prevent these fully licenced thieves from beingmolested by the owners of the houses and parks wherein they feloniouslytrespass ? A law has been passed, (and the Devil knows who passed it),which bestows a kind of licence upon a fashionable robber.It is a strange thing to me to watch the people creeping by moonlightover the fences, going up to the mansions, waiting until the lights areout, stealing the plate, being caught by the owners of the house andforced then and there to put on the livery of the house and act as ser- vants, doing any odd job that the master of the house wishes them todo. For this is how the Theatre treats these poor fellows. ■£? &amp;&amp;It is a strange thing to me, 1 say, and strange that it has not beennoticed by anyone else. True, 1 have been watching this thing very closely,and others have not the same interest in watching what goes on. But Ihave never seen one of these fellows get away with the swag.^It is for this reason I ask whether a Law cannot be passed to protectthese robbers from the awful and unprecedented calamity which overtakes them.£? The Jesuits were children in subtlety by the side of the TheatrcalProfession, the owners of my House ■, and if Michael Angelo, followed byLeonardo da Vinci and Albert Durer, if these three giants had enteredthe Theatre purposing with their genius to reform the decoration of theStage, they would have been translated all three of them, within threeyears, into the pitiful position wherein Messrs Roerich, Saponoff, Dobougin- sky,Bllibine,Soudeikine, Stelletsky, Bakst and Benois find themselves own." Find themselves " is perhaps a slightly Incorrect way of putting it,for they are quite unconscious of the metamorphosis that has takenplace... just as once upon a time those delightful gentlemen tra-la-la-ingInto the presence of Circe were transformed without knowing it. Iswear they mistook their own squeaks for songs and their grunts forpleasantries JZ/ I have spoken before on this subject, but that was before I dreamedthat the times would so soon be offering me witnesses galore to the truthof what I guessed to be true.Even the Germans are not so markedly mimics, Germans get a kindof heavy liGlaube,t in certain principles, and there is a weighty sinceritywith which they set about producing Shakespeare things or Schillerthings, or Miracle plays. In some measure, spite of all their faults, the factthat they are so " ernst " is much in their favour. But the Russians with their nimble dexterity remind me of that littleStone Monkey who came all by himself out of the Stone Egg which hehad laid by himself.Have you ever heard the story? Well, it is this. &amp; &amp;JZ? Having come into being, the Stone Monkey was surrounded by a crowdof other monkeys who begged him to be their King. This post he accepted,having already thrown out hints that he was the very man. The firstthing he did was to travel. JZ? JZ? JZ? JZ? JZ? JZ?0And travelling he met a magician from whom he learned all kinds oftricks. He could become invisible, could fly up into the sky, could jumpa hundred miles In a single jump ; and so he soon grew to believe himselfbetter and stronger than anything else. Then he determined to makehimself Lord of the Sky ..." Have you heard of the new King of theMonkeys?" the Lord Buddha was asked... "No", replied the God." What is there to hear about him ? " ... "He means to turn out theLord of the Sky, believing that he is a Great Being"...JZ? So the Buddha went up into the clouds in search of the little StoneMonkey, and found him misbehaving himself, insulting everybody whodared to interfere with him. JZ? J£&gt; JZ? JZ?"What is it you want?" asked the Lord Buddha of him in a quietvoice. JZ?JZrjZ&gt;jZ?jZ?jZ?&amp;? jZ? &amp;&amp; " 1 want, " answered the Stone Monkey, " to be the Lord of the Sky.1 could manage things much better than they are managed now. Lord 1see how I can jumpl " JZ? JZ? JZ? JZ? JZ? JZ?In one moment he was out of sight and in another he was back again." Can you do that ? " he asked the Lord Buddha. JZ&gt;The God smiled and answered, " Come with me outside the Palace and stand upon my hand. If you can jump out of it you shall be Lordof the Sky, but If you cannot jump out of It you shall return to earthand never come here again." £7 £7 £7 £7 £7£7 The Monkey grinned and shivered with conceit and confidence. Theywent outside the Palace, the Lord Buddha put out his hand, and theMonkey stepped on to it. Then he gave a great jump and immediatelywas far out of sight. &amp;On he went jumping and jumping until he came to the End of theEarth. Arrived there, he was chuckling to himself that he soon would beLord of the Sky, when he caught sight of five great red pillars standingon the very edge of the world, with nothing but empty space beyondthem. Wriggling with self-satisfaction like a tourist, he thought he wouldleave some sign to show how far he had really jumped, so he scratcheda mark on one of the five pillars, saying, " I will bring the Lord Buddhahere to see it for himself!" Then with a great leap he was back againin the hand of the God. £7 £7 £7 £7£7 " Well, and when are you going to jump " the Lord Buddha askedsweetly. £7£7£7£7£7£7£7£7£7 44 When?" cried the Monkey...." Why, I have jumped to the very endof the earth!" and he began to explain about the five great red pillarsand the mark which was on one of them. £7 £7 £7 £7£7 Then the Lord Buddha stretched out his fingers, and on one of themwas the very mark which the Monkey had made. s£ £7 £7£7 44 When you jumped you thought you were out of sight, but you werein my hand all the time. Return to the earth and learn to keep yourproper place. " £7 £7 £7 £7 £7 £7 £7 £7£7 in like manner do these Russian painters appear to believe that bynimbleness and continual dexterous jumping from point to point, fromstyle to style, they will attain to the lordship of the Theatre. They willdo nothing of the kind. They will but bring upon themselves the samefate as the presumptuous little stone monkey:... perpetual banishmentfrom the world of Art,., and the laughter of the Gods they have defied. (1) In the Russiaa Journals " Apollo " and (i La Balance EURIPIDES AT FIESOLE by Ernest Marriott ne goes to a modern representation of an ancientclassical play almost Invariably with mixed feelingsand one returns from it almost invariably depres- sed or dissatisfied. &amp;When, however, a performance of the Baccha- nals was announced to take place in the Romanamphitheatre at Fiesole It seemed as if there mightbe a glorious possibility in store. Fiesole is Fiesole. There is nothing quite like it, and we hoped that the producer and hisassistants would be inspired by the surroundings. The sun and the wide sky, the blue ranges of hills and the clear Italian atmosphere,.... surelythese would all help to build up something more than the ordinary! £?&amp; Such was the gayer side of our expectation as we baked ourselveson the box=seat of the dusty little di on the road from Florenceto Fiesole. The horses with the tinkling brass flags on their harnessplodded upwards. In spite of the heat, in spite of the motors we heldtenaciously to our belief that there really was a good chance of witnes- sing a successful and interesting xz? &amp; But before we had been seated very long in the amphitheatre we hadpremonitions of disaster. For we saw that someone had built a " property "altar. That " someone "had, it is true, endeavoured to make the proper- ties harmonise with the old grey stones of the amphitheatre, but theresult was not laudable. xzr xz?The standards with gilt pine cones railing off the inner ring of sea- tin at a were bright and festive in appearance but quite inadequate. Theyhad no relation to the general scheme. The garlands on the altar and on thebase of the imported alien statue of Dirce were trivial and limp, and thegeneral semblance of paltering interference with the natural beauty ofthe place was exasperating and distressing. x&amp; jS? x?&amp; While waiting for the tragedy to begin one forgot the decorations bylooking over the arid little valley to the mountain range In the mistyblue distance beyond. &amp; xz&gt; &amp; &amp; &amp;Then a young man in ordinary modern clothes walked to the altar,threw some charcoal and spirit Into the earthernware vessel and kindled the sacred flame with a box of wax matches. We were hurt beyond de- scription. Vesta's taking the place of the Vestal Virgin I The responsible authorities were more successful in getting the ruinsalight. We did not see how it was done and felt that they were improvinga little. Then we caught sight of an official fireman In shining blackhelmet patrolling in the rear. Another shock!JS? Unfortunately there were many little details of this sort to which nothought had been given. Why, for instance, were odd spectators allowedto ramble about in the adjacent landscape showing themselves behindthe actors in the play ? Why were the ponderous marble pillars of thepalace so constructed that when they were shaken down by the wrathof the gods they bounced, boomed hollowly, broke open and lay scatteredlike packing cases in a railway collision? Why were we allowed to seethe god in the machine frantically tugging at the wire which caused thedownfall ? Why was not the orchestra properly screened off ? ....But wecould exhaust a golden afternoon asking why, why, why ? /jg? Briefly, the performance was lacking everywhere. The chorus movedjerkily and were insufficiently trained in their part of the ceremony. Theentrance of the stage populace was badly managed; They did not knowwhat to do and stood about looking feckless and unhappy. When thethunder rattled and the palace cracked asunder and lost its cornice theyran away not as if in great terror but as if they were swarming withoutundue haste to see a dog fight or a street accident. The costumes lacked imagination. They were drab and dull and neversuggested the garments of people who lived in a sunny land. - &amp;The limit of absurdity was reached when the übiquitous waiter walkedround the inside of the ring selling packets of sweets and oranges to the«• patricians " sitting on the lower steps of the amphitheatre. The tragedywas in full swing at the time, but the waiter seemed blissfully uncon- scious that a play was proceeding... and that his coat-tails flapped almostin the faces of some of the chorus.The principal actors spoke well, but they employed the usual tricksand graces and over-elaborate gestures. The man who acted Dionysushad a glorious voice and used it well. But one longed for the PaganDeity to come down himself and infuse a little of the real Dionysian spirit into the actions.&amp; One really interesting thing should be recorded. The acoustics of theplace are wonderful. The faintest tones and inflections of speech can beheard anywhere in the amphitheatre. When the hubbub of the audiencesubsided and the first thin note of a wood=&gt;wind instrument heralded theentrance of the chorus the effect was magical. This beginning of the greattragedy contained the only touch of real magic in the whole performance.After that it became a tragedy of misrepresentation.JS/ in fact it was disappointment, waste, from first to last. And what else,under the circumstances, can one expect? How can all this waste anddisappointment which is taking place daily in all the theatres, be remedieduntil each production which is put upon any stage is the work of oneman, of a thoroughly trained Artist of the Theatre, who shall shape, andinfuse life into, all the material which belongs to the Theatre? It is inthe finding and training of such men that the remedy for all the wasteand nonsense in the theatre lies.£? There was plenty of good will, but no adequate guidance heaps ofenergy, but no one competent to focus it to one point. There was moneyguaranteed for the support of the enterprise, there was a fine place, afine play, and people eager to be delighted and excited In the presenceof Beauty,... and it ail came to nothing because the master~mind of theartist was not there to dominate, to infuse spirit into the material whichhad been amassed : because the Artist of the Theatre, with the vision toperceive and the practical power to use all the opportunities of the scene,the movement and the spoken word,., the man able to create beauty andbestow unity and stir excitement,... had not been found. £?£? Probably he had not been even sought. Hence the failure and thewaste. Hence the broken dream of those who had hoped to meet with aspirit of Beauty there among the Tuscan hills and within the noble curveof the old theatre which the Romans left. &amp; CUBISM UNVEILED: AN EXTRACT FROM THETREATISE ON THE PROPORTIONS OF THEHUMAN BODY, Written and Illustrated by Albert Durer, 1500-1523.(1) With a Foreword by Felix Urban. F. U. he Cubists, newest of the new, the 44 last word " inmodernity, have arrived on the scene too late. AlbertDurer has forestalled them by four hundred years;for the Manuscript of his work on 44 Human Pro- portion " in the Dresden Library bears the Inscrip- tion, 44 1523, at Nurnberg", and though it was notpublished until 1528, the author living to see butthe first part in the press, some of the drawings for it were made even as early as 1500. ■£? jg. The complete work was published after Durer's death under the edi- torship of Pirkheimer, and bore the inscription, " Herein are contained4 Books of Human Proportion, invented and described by Albrecht Durerof Nurnberg, for the use of all who love this art and it soon passedinto numerous editions and translations, Latin, (i532*34)&gt; Italian, Spanish,French and Dutch; while in 1666 a curious English version appeared,called " A. Durer j?&gt; n seems however that Durer, himself forestalling Cubism by fourhundred years, was in his turn but following on the system of a yet earlier master, Jacopo de' Barbarl, who appears to have influenced hismethods of measurement, and to whom, and to Vitruvius, Durer ascribeshis first knowledge of proportion. JZ? &amp;of Jacopo himself information is scanty. He was a Venetian, and knownamong the Nurnberg painters as Jakob Walch. He appears to have beenin Nurnberg previous to 1500 and later on to have entered the "serviceof Philip, son of the Duke of Burgundy. In 1510 he was painter to theDuchess Margaret, Regent of the Netherlands, and was dead in 1516. Durer,who early came into contact with him, declares that he had found noone 44 who had described how to take the measure of the human form,44 but a man called Jacobus, a native of Venice, a charming painter. He" showed me a man and a woman taken by measure, so that at that time44 I would rather have seen what his meaning was than a new Empire.«&lt; But at that time I was young, and had never heard of such things ".That Durer afterwards both saw and applied the 44 meaning " whichso keenly aroused his enthusiasm is evidenced by the long series of de- signs of men and women 44 taken by measure " which his book on HumanProportion contains, and a few of which, with one or two extracts fromhis own descriptive text, are here &amp;The rest the student can see for himself by going to any museum andasking for the book. JS? &amp; &amp;So we are reminded once again that the French are exactly what theyseem, clever acrobats. As with the great Italian Drama, so with Cubism.They founded a school of drama on the leavings of the Italian Commediadell'Arte and Cubism on the leavings of the German Durer, he havingderived his system from an Italian.Always a new feather in the cap of Italy! She amongst all the nationsis a creatress. She in the south and Ireland from the north.&amp; But this is not 44 Cubism " some one will be sure to say. My dear Sir,this IS Cubism... exactly that and nothing else: nor is anything else asmuch Cubism as this. 0Look at the figure on page 75. It is a scientific demonstration of thehuman figure according to the laws of the true Cubist. It resembles some44 portrait of M. Hahnwelzer " or some other modern 44 portrait " butwith a difference. One difference is that this is no portrait. When it came to making a portrait the good artist of a sane period had done with allstudy, system and science. He then did his best to hide all art by beingtoo much of an artist to show how he was doing the thing.■£? Modern Cubism is born of conceit. "See how clever I am,.;, andwhat a fool you are ". That sentence is written on every Cubist painting.How vain this quest of special stupidity !...as though these painterswould not have been able to demonstrate their stupidity without allthis effort."A watch, do you know what it is ?" says the conceited child who hasstudied mechanics for a few months: and he turns his back to us andproceeds to pull a watch to pieces, lays the works out before us on atable, wheels, springs, face, hands, and the rest, and, pointing trium- phantly says, " That is a watch ". He is wrong,... for that is a ruin. So is it with our modern Cubist. He pulls draughtsmanship and pain- ting to pieces, readjusts in disorder the once ordered parts, and cries:"That is a painting". He is wrong....that is a catastrophe. &amp;Let us begin once more. And let us not forget that this catastrophehas only been possible since sham socialists were allowed to preach a vilesocialism without fear of arrest. Let us begin again to put the pieces in order. &amp; JZ? (1) Di Alberto Durero Pittore e Geometra chiarissimo. Delia Simmetria del Corpi Human!. Libri quatiro. Tradittadalla lingua Latioa da M. Qio. Paolo Gallucci Salodiano In Venetia MDXI. HERE BEGIN THE EXTRACTS FROM THETREATISE BY ALBERT DURER, 1500-1523. Diagrams showing method of obtaining sections and modifications. ALBERT DURER, 1500-1523. Fig: 1. Pg. 73. ALBERT DURER, 1500-1522. Fig; 2. pg. 75. ALBERT DURER 1500-1523. ON THE METHODS OF BENDING THE HUMAN FIGURE. l\Tow because there is not only one method of bending the human figure Ihave thought that, to make my tenets clearer, it may be well to indicatecertain distinctions relative to which our opinion and theory should beclearly understood. One must also diligently consider the state and aspectof the figure which we require, whether we want it rigid or easy, whetherthis one must be represented fierce and terrible and that one amiableand sweet.These are the distinctive methods of Bending,i. Piegato. (zig-zag). 5. Diritto Contorto. (straighta. Corvato. (curved). &amp; bent double).3. Traversato. (unfolding X-wise). 7. Mosso (moved from its4. Intricate*. (interlaced). place).The human body bends according to these six methods which wehave defined with six names, and either more or less according to itsmovement; and these things will be explained in what follows, to theend that they may be clearly understood. jsr x &amp;Now it must be understood that, as these principles are demonstratedin lines, so are they likewise applied to flat surfaces and to solid bodies.For these are wont, as are the lines contained in them, to bend, curve,turn, be interlaced, straightened, contorted and moved from the placewhere they formerly were. In what manner these rules are applied to thehuman body we shall show part by part in what follows: £/ Those movements which we have In the first place called havetheir seat in the joints of the limbs, because it Is in them that the membersare bent; although these must maintain their rectangularlty, since, ifwe desire to bend the bones they will break. For this reason we haveshown the system of the abbreviated (zigzag) lines, which In certainpoints are joined together, and consist of small straight parts. In the second place the nerves and flesh in the human body curve.Hence, when the body bends to the sides, or forwards, or backwards, thenerves and flesh make curves, so that in one part a hollow appears, inanother a convexity. &amp; &amp; &amp; ■&amp;&amp; In the third place we spoke of .the lines being when eitherthe body itself moves, or the arms or feet, or the flank and the greaterpart of the other members which are in the body.&amp; in the fourth place we spoke of intricato or intorchiatot which inter- lacing is wont to take place in the nerves and the flesh In the movementof the body when its soft parts turn within themselves, as in the neck,the trunk, the arm and the foot.&amp; In the fifth place 1 noted in the body the outstretching and incurving,of which the one attenuates, the other thickens, the part moved. If youstretch out your arm in such away as to straighten it, the nerves stretchand attenuate the flesh Into length; but if you draw it to you in such away that It curves, the flesh also curves and rounds itself, and the samehappens-in the other parts of the body also. &amp;Finally we say that one part of the body is moved from another whenone limb detaches itself almost entirely from another, whether to theside, or forwards or backwards. Likewise in the curves and bendlngs theflesh moves, and almost of Itself presses outwards or inwards or to oneside. &lt;j&amp;je?Now all of these six differences can come about in the movement ofthe body in such away that one may say that the members either bendor turn or separate ; and thus the flesh and the other soft parts makecurves, Interlace, or contort, and so we naturally see the various partspressing one upon another. &amp;Thus, from these principles which have been here demonstrated,everyone can make their own designs in such an attitude as they may wish and as the subject itself seems to require. But care must be takennot to depart from those gestures which are natural. For It is inevitablethat forced movements are ugly. One should always avoid the too°&gt;muchand the too=little, for either of which the figure must be either furiousor somnolent, which is bad, unless your drawing Is meant to be in theone or the other manner. It must also be understood that this applies tohuman bodies both male and female, and also to the pictures of beasts,such as horses and other animals. it must likewise be understoodthat the designs described above donot always maintain In the bendsof all the parts either the samemeasurement or the same width andthickness. Because in the movementof a part it seems to depart fromone space and join itself to another,and thus mutations arise in thework, for the well=doing of thewhich it is necessary that thosewho study these things make manystudies of living bodies. Thus theywill easily understand the form ofall the parts, which must be mostcarefully noted for the avoidance oferror in the work.JZ/ Beyond all this there is also away of effecting the bends which Isexcellent, and most useful to sculp*tors :... to enclose, in their drawings,the principal parts of the figure intransverse lines and quadrilateraland angular figures, (see pg.73) Thisis easily done in the drawings andat the outset of the . work. In thesame way it is usual to enclosethe space for the head, the neck,the trunk down to the waist line;from there to the summit of thethigh, thence to the knees, and soon for the legs and feet; and thesame method is to be applied to thearms also. &amp; &amp;&amp; In this way one will be able with the greatest ease to set forth all the parts of the body with angularfigures and lines and points In such a manner that one understands theposition of each of the parallel, upright and transverse lines. Butall of these cannot be made rectangular or quadrilateral, and theymust therefore be adjusted to the different parts of the body withlines and angles, and for this true intelligence can be of assistance. ON THE HUMAN FIGURE REDUCED TO GEOMETRICAL FORMS. is the male figure previously described in the second Book, theheight of which Is nine times its own head measurement, pg. 73.&amp; We have enclosed the form of this figure, both the profile and thefull-face, with square and angular lines, which lines run in accordancewith the contours of the various parts, both upper and lower, and areunequal according to the shape of the parts to which they are adjusted.We have also divided the height with nine horizontal lines into tenangular figures. The following are the names of these divisions. Thetransverse line of the chin, of the top of the shoulders, of the cavity ofthe throat, of the breasts, of the waist, of the thighs, of the head, of• dthe hip-bone, of the knee, of under the heel. &amp; &amp;Now, for greater clearness, we have first shown the form of the pro- file and full-face man entirely enclosed in quadrangular figures made ofstraight lines, (pg. 73), the which figure is standing, and upright withoutany bend, with the right arm stretched out and the left hanging down;on the other page (pg. 75) you will see only the quadrangular figures madeof straight lines, but we have omitted the drawing of the figure itself. BOOK REVIEWS. TOWARDS A NEW THEATRE.Forty Designs for Stage Sceneswith Critical Notes by theventor, Edward Gordon Craig.J. M. Dent &amp; Sons. Twenty oneshillings net. E. M. qrtils big beautiful book representsnot what Mr Craig Is doing orgoing to do but what he has done.To ask why he should give us thatwhich he has left behind is as ri- diculous as to ask a cartographerwhy he outlines newly discoveredcountry when publishing a map.One cannot and must not criticisethis book. Gordon Craig is acknow- ledged everywhere to be the master- discoverer in the Theatre. This la- test book is a map of some hisexplorations. JS? J£&gt;&amp; He charts hidden rocks, he marksvery definitely a shoal and leaves abuoy floating there as a warning; heshows a beaked promontory where dangerous currents race and theniindicates open sea and we sail alongin imagination with him. Anon weare warped through a narrow straitand then on to the wide blue horizonagain. We come to strange countriesand land thereon. He shows us won- drous and beautiful things, he pointsto plains as yet unexplored, takesus up the lower slopes of the moun- tain of which he speaks In terms ofparable, and we strain our eyes tosee the summit glimmering highabove us. &amp;&amp; I repeat, it is absurd to attemptcriticism of this book. We can buyit and reverence our purchase. Wemust buy it, and be thankful thata mere guinea can bring us a volumeof wisdom and beauty, a record ofgreat work accomplished, an adum- bration of still greater work pro- jected, a survey with sign-posts ofprogress planted " thick as leaves in Vallombrosa &amp;&amp; The trail is blazed:... if we wishto catch up with Mr Craig to askhim of the way to the summit allwe have to do is to enter the domainof his book and tread the paths soclearly marked for our £? Sumptuous and satisfying in ap- pearance, it is a feast for the mindand the eye. It is not merely aninteresting book; It is an excitingbook. I defy anyone who claims tohave any imagination or feeling forwhat is dramatic to read the notesto ** The Steps " (pages 41 to 49) andto look at the drawings for the samewithout being tremendously distur- bed and thrilled. If you can remaincalm you have no right to.retain thebook. You must give it to the Ger- mans or the Russians who will makebetter use of it. There are so many designs herewhose austere beauty evokes deepemotion that it is impossible to par- ticularise them. These who love theTheatre, those who love individualstyle in prose, or those who lovedrawings for their own sake neglect it at their peril. THE JO Y OF THE THE A TRE byGilbert Cannon• B. T. Batsford.Price Two shillings net. JS?a confused booklet ap- parently written in some haste. Wrongly to Interpret the Truth ofNature Is a crime when consciouslydone; when unconsciously it is ablunder. &amp; &amp;Mr Gilbert Cannan is guilty ofjust such a crime or of just thatblunder. &amp;He makes statements which, hadthey been made six years ago, mighthave been made through ignorance.For instance, he says, " The Art ofthe Theatre is a combination of manyarts fused by the dramatic sense"etc, etc.&amp; This is not true. It is an oldramshackle theory based on the loosethinking of the short-sighted, andthere is no reason for the untruthto be repeated since it was pointedout to us in 1908 that by a combi- nation of many or few arts you can- not create one art the more. Comic,that it should take several centuriesto discover so simple a fact! £/&amp; Mr Cannan, writing in this way,does himself injustice.&amp; In another part of his book herepeats Mr Craig's theory of sound,light and movement as being theelements of the Art of the Theatre,and also writes of the possibility ofthe *' producer " being himself the" dramatist ". (1) In this he echoeswhat Mr Craig has already stated to be not merely a possibility butan inevitable necessity... well then!/z? Mr Cannan is most right whenhe quotes Galileo's 44 e pur si muove "as the last word of his- book evenas Dr Baltruschaitls last Januaryused it as the first word in his essayon 44 the Path of Gordon Craig ".Alas that Mr Cannan should believein movement backwards; heaven bepraised that Dr Baltruschaitis be- lieves In natural movement. (1) The invented commas are ours. Ed, TI: A VIN Die A TION OF THEHINDU WOMAN, A. Cooma-zs? &amp;svvaniy and delivered as an ad- dress before the Sociological Societyin London, November 1913* this littlebooklet is more than its title claimsfor it.It is a vindication of all women,and it is an indictment of woman'senemy, Industrialism. JZ?The author shows that to at- tempt to 44 emancipate " woman isto attempt to industrialise her. Hesees that the key-note of modernfeminism is the endeavour to escapeobligations, and he quotes fromMiss Cecily Hamilton's " The GreatState " as follows : JZ?jg? 44 What the State has the right" to demand of her will be that she,*' like her father, her husband, her 44 brother, shall conduct herself de=".cently and in accordance with its44 laws. What it has not the right to44 demand of her... either directly or44 indirectly, by bribe or by Indirect14 pressure... is that she, in return" for its protection, shall consider44 herself under any obligation to44 produce its future citizens. " Sowrites Miss Hamilton. jg/But Hindus, we are told by Dr.Coomaraswamy, 44 hold that both men44 and women alike are under obli- -44 gation to produce future citizens ;44 it is a debt to the ancestors. " Dr. Coomaraswamy agrees thatwomen have good cause for resent- ment, and shows that women havebeen for centuries robbed right andleft. But he adds, 44 I think you mis- -44 take in directing your resentment44 against men. It is not men, but«4 Industrialism and Imperialism that*4 have cheated you of Life, and have44 equally cheated men. " Sati as we all know was the in- stitution, now no longer in existence;which allowed the woman to destroyherself when her lord and masterdeparted this life. The root idea wasthat they should pass into the nextexistence together. &amp; &amp;Dr. Coomaraswamy writes ;....44 The suggestion is sometimes made,44 that if it be right to die for love 44 at all, why should not men also44 die ? Those who believe that an44 institution like Sati could any- -44 where have been imposed by men44 upon women, against their nature,44 may well believe that men at the44 same time laid down for themselves44 a different and more agreeable44 law. There are some who have gone44 further, and found a reason for44 the custom imposed by men on44 women, in the belief of the former44 that the latter might, for various44 reasons, desire their death, and44 would compass that end were they44 not deterred by fear of their own.44 We need not consider either of44 these, since it passes the wit of**. man to answer a fool according44 to his folly. But we may inquire44 why it is, that what In a woman44 excites our enthusiasm and won- -44 der, in a man is usually felt to be44 cowardice. The deep reasons for44 this He beyond the realm of indi- -44 vidual advantages. The human spi- -44 rit, pursuing its ends deliberately44 and wisely, demands of men and44 of women two different devotions,44 It asks of women devotion to men ;44 of men, devotion to ideas. In each*'■ devotion lies an equal glory and44 an equal joy. There is no difference44 in degree of devotion between that44 Sati who won the consent of an " English Governor to her fiery" death, by calmly holding a finger"In the flame of a candle till Itv shrivelled to a cinder, and that44 English martyr who In like wise" proved his readiness for the stake.44 Prom an Industrial standpoint,44 both devotions are equally use- -44 less. " «&lt;£? -&lt;S? -«S&gt;This is Illumined Freedom. We think we shall have to writemore, and often, of this pamphletand on this subject.Of the relationship of woman toman Dr. Coomaraswamy speaks well,saying such things as this... 44 It isa purely magical relation " and, " ItIs not cameraderie that one needsof woman, it is magic ; " and " If we44 study the folk-speech anywhere in44 the world, we shall find that it" reveals woman, and not man, as44 the lover; when her shyness allows," it is she who would pray for man's" love; and will serve him to the44 utmost. Industrialism reverses this" relation, making man the suppliant" and the servant, a condition as*44 unnatural as any other of its cha- -44 racteristic perversions. " &amp;England would do well at thepresent moment to give very seriousconsideration to the truths whichthis pamphlet of Dr Coomaraswamy'scontains. JZ? INTRODUCTION TO THE STUDY OF INDIAN MUSIC by E.Clements. Longman's, Green andCo. Price six shillings net. E. E. TPhis book is one of the threads ofa net made to ensnare men. It is astrong net which grow s a little largerwith every new moon. The weaverssit patiently knotting it. It will takemany years to make,... and wherewill all the music be then ?zzz The East and the West may somedaj' meet. At present they are wideapart. The telegraph and railwaycannot link them together. They arewide apart. This is fact; all else isfancy. zZ? zZS zZ? jZ?For this reason 1 am inclined todisagree with Dr Coomaraswamy'sdefinite statement that " for theWestern student the exact study ofthe science of Indian music is anecessary process in the interests ofprogress and interpretation." I thinktherefore that this learned book byE. Clements is and should be of lit- tle use to us. jZ?z&amp; The East and the West may, as1 have said, some day meet. If theydo meet each must have his tunes,poems, pictures to show the other.The other must not begin to dis- cuss. ZZZ XZ&gt; ZZ? zS?zZZ The dangers of knowing are everincreasing. The danger of knowing all about the East,., what a danger!The more we know the more welose. The East seemed so far off onceupon a time; to some It still seemsas far,.., as far as the stars. Howthey shine,... and how the Eastshines,... in their distances. Instructsome of us in the stars and theirlight goes out, nor is there morelight in us. zzr zz? z&amp;So is it with the Holy East. Come to us, then, with yourbanners and your music,sweep past uswith your dancers and divinities andgo: but do not instruct us, do not de- ceive us by such let usremain ignorant, leave our handsuntied. If you will conquer us do Itlike conquerers. So shall we, (someof us) remain to the end affection* ately yours. THE RUSSIAN BAfTerry. Illustrated by PamelaColeman Smith. andJackson. Price three shillingsand sixpence net. zzr zz?charming book on the RussianBallet. Printed on fine paper; withdrawings by Miss Pamela ColemanSmith from photos or from otherdrawings. zzr FOREIGN NOTES. LONDON The "Max" Exhibition. 1913. M. S. C. ■yi/'henever a 44 Max " Exhibitionoccurs it Is indubitably and ine- vitably a social event. x?His 1913 Exhibition comprisessixty new designs. Though new tothe eye their taste on the mentalpalate is that of a rare and excellentvintage. The usual wit and vigour,the graceful cynicism we have learntto expect and the certain brillianttechnique are here. If there is anydifference it is that they are morebeautiful than before. Indeed, no. 1.14 The New English Art Club " isalmost startling in its unexpectedbeauty. The colour is exquisitelyhandled and the whole design is assoft and subtle as an authentic Con- der drawing on silk. .=£?But we must concern ourselves*with the celebrities of Theatre landas they appear to Mr Beerbohm.&amp; Quite a large number of the draw- ings are caricatures of and com- ments on dramatists. Mr Arnold Bennett is seen in asmoky landscape sitting on a mile- stone and blowing smoke down hisnostrils while Hilda Lessways askshim how long he is going to keepClayhanger and herself standingabout.Mr Thomas Hardy is caught inthe act of composing a lyric. Mase- field is leaning over the roof topsof a slummy Ltlliput where navviesare seen fighting with their wives.The Rehearsal at the Theatreis very amusing. M. Claretieimplores two particularly 44 catty 'artistes " Mesdames, mesdames !N'oubliez pas que vous faites partide la maison de Moliere 1 "Mr Gordon Craig is representedin the act of producing 44 Hamlet"on his model stage and looking veryhappy and lolly as if thoroughlyenjoying his demonstration of howa little dark figure gains tremen- dously in dramatic value when placedin a simple austere setting. £?&amp; The Censor, Mr Brookfield, is seen 44 trying to fall under the spellof the modern Drama ". Max's opinionof modern Drama is hardly flatte- ring. He visualises it as a femalefigure with a bulging head and gog- gles, hair scraped back into a bunand wearing a 44 synthetic " costume.u£? 44 Girth " shows stout Mr CharlesHawtrey saying to thin Mr Du Mau- rier,44 Stick to the quiet method andyou'll be just the same presently. "Max has not altered his opinion ofMr Bernard Shaw. He finds him, onreturning to England, still standingon his head. &amp;&amp; W. J. Locke, D'Annunzio, Binyonand Anthony Hope are also included.The gift of seeing things in termsof parody and caricature is a sort ofsixth sense. Mr Beerbohm has it toan extraordinary degree. Judgingfrom the way he has represented themodern dramatists he must thinkthat the drama of today is in a dis- mal state. We may be wrong in thisassumption, but that is what we can- not help reading from the faces he portraj's. JZ? &amp; The Haymarket Theatre. R. S. Hphe Pretenders and Mr LaurenceIrving... Pretending to be a Pre- tender... everyone else pretending toact... Laurence Irving really acting.That is to say, really 44 pretending ; "and doing it well. Everyone preten- ding that Ibsen was a failure,... au- dience as well. Lord Howard de Wal- den pretending not to mind..! Theplay succeeded, for it was takenoff almost at once. Good luck to allsuch Successes, and may there bemany more of them ! &amp;Scandinavia is nearer Englandthan Ciiina, or Japan;.... perhapsthat accounts for the quality of the Success. PARIS. An Ancient Arctic Play. J. de S. '"jphere is a report going about thatthe French Explorer M. Andrewho went to discover the NorthPole in a balloon is busy translatingfrom Esquimaux into French a char- ming little Idyll of Love and Jealousywhich the purists of Baffin's Bayhave preserved for at least 10,000years.Everyone who has read It is con- vinced that it promises to be a fai- lure which will run as many thou=sand as 44La Fille de Madame Angot."Not for the Furs alone which willbe exhhibited, (though rumour tellsus they will in actuality be made inthe haunts of Passy and the Ruede la Paix while they will pose aspure Pomeranian).... not alone forthese nor for the realistic thick lipsand squash nose which M. L£on leFranck has been able to super-impose upon his sharp-cut Latin features,will this production be remarkablebut also on account of the underwear,which shall be positively the sameas used ten thousand years ago inthe Bay of Baffin.^Several theatrical light effects suchas the midnight sun will be shownand all Paris will flock to see this.It will quite put In the shade thoseeffects seen in 44 The Yellow Jacket "which after all were at the mostonly two thousand years old. &amp;&amp; The managers of the Theatre Cor- neille et Racine are said to be busyprocuring thirty really ancient wal- rus hooks from which the lamps inthe front of the house will be hung.These lamps will be lighted withreal whale oil drawn from whaleswhich cannot be less than four thou- sand years old. &lt;After all, age is everything, andParis in getting on ; and even thoughLondon has beaten it in its admira- tion for antiques, Paris can eventoday create more perfect specimens. ROME. The Oldest Piece of TheatricalNews in the World. &amp; &amp; Ane hears so much nowadays of thestupendous salary received bySignor Caruso, and how he has bea&gt;ten all records in earning, I think, three hundred pounds a night orsome such trifling sum. So it isreally gratifying to be able to sendby the diligence the following littlepiece of information concerning asalary which can at no time beconsidered small.The little fee received by a per- former at the Coliseum In the year180 A. D. was L. 8000.0.0, (eightthousand pounds) a day. On oneoccasion he performed for fourteenconsecutive days. That brought himin one hundred and twelve thousandpounds for a fortnight's work. Formy part, and I am speaking veryseriously, 1 consider this ample, butin no way an exaggerated amount.And 1 look at it from this point ofview. J£&gt;if an artist or a performer is tohave everything provided for him,...that is to say, sufficient for histemperament, then it seems to methere is no need for an artist orperformer to receive payment at all.Everything should be paid for him.One year it would be more, anotheryear it would be still more, the thirdyear it would be less, and therewould be no talk and no worryabout money. The most importantthing we should be saved would bethis,... the depreciation of the valueof the artist: for people gape when they hear of three hundredpounds a night in connection withCaruso, whereas three hundredpounds if you come to think of it isnothing at all. As payment for awork of art it is nil : as wages it isL.299.0.0. too much.An artist's work is either priceless■or it is not the work of an Artistbut of an artisan. You cannot fix forhim a sum in so many poundssterling, and artists rather make amistake when they contract them- selves out at so much per performanceA much more sensible way.,, in fact,the only way,... would be for eachartist to be provided with all thathe needs. He would never need morethan three or four thousand a year....unless he had given the worldmany sons and daughters, when ofcourse he should receive In additionall that they needed. As beginnersthat would amount to about a hun- dred a year. J£?This does not seem on the faceof it a very practical suggestion, butif you look at it a little more closelyyou will see that it is practical toits very roots. It would not onlyprevent one man receiving threehundred pounds a night, but itwould provide for another manreceiving more than thirty shillingsa night; and on this basis if you had honest directors the Theatre itselfwould be rich, and would be able toafford many more wonders for itssupporters. The Public would benefitall the time. £?■£?&amp;#For there are many artisans andfew artists, and if my suggestionwere followed some artisans who arereceiving three hundred, one hun- dred, sixty, fifty, forty, twentypounds a night would be reduced toone pound and the audience wouldbe rid of the vulgarity of the artisansand could then open its ears andeyes to see and hear the work of theartist.The reason why in the theatrethe artist's work is always spokenof as " so costly " is that it is theartisan in the theatre who speaks." I draw crowds the artist doesn't"...says he, " his work is too fine, poorfellow."KNAVE ! You know that thepublic is as fine as vulgar, and thatyou tempt it to remain vulgar byyour assumed pity of the " poorartist. " SO WAKE UP, ARTISTS!WAKE UP FOR THE THEATRE'SSAKE. &amp; j£&gt;ue&gt; FOR HER SAKE CRUSH THESEARTISANS WHO POSE AS "ARTISTS"AND WHOSE HANDS SQUEEZE OUTTHE BLOOD OF THE BOX OFFICEINTO THEIR OWN POCKETS. &amp; The Blessings of our Age. P. R. J have just returned from the Co*liseum... not Mr. Stoll's more im- portant place in St. Martin's Lane,London, but that lesser affair of theCaesars' here in Rome, and the visithas conjured up a fount of gratitud-efor the blessings of our age.The London Coliseum is so farmore select: but two or three thou- sand people can meet there. This isalmost " precious " when one con- siders the nasty crush there musthave been in the Roman theatre.There, on an average, they broughttogether 50,000 spectators at a per- formance. JZ? JZ? Zz?JZ? It was popularity they aimed atin those sad days.^Today we manage these thingsbetter. We talk about the masses; butwe minister... Mr Stoll ministers, tothe few. We make a fine selection ofthe people; we do not countenancevulgarity. That would offend ourtaste, and at the same time the tasteof our few select ones.It is indeed a blessing to live inthese times.We would never have dared totake our grandmother to a matineeAt the Roman amphitheatre. No, noteven had we and she lived in the firstcentury of what is called the Chri- stian or Vulgar Era, that period in which the place was opened. j£&gt; Dreadful things happened there;and what is more, were permitted.At our London Coliseum how dif- ferent it all is I We never even call aspade a spade,., and we never come toHecuba. We abhor all such bluntness.Ours is the age of subtlety and re- finement.... But who would ever haveguessed it!Gold was actually used to deckout the vulgar place In Rome. Goldor real marble, which, remarkable asit appears, some people actually sawnothing to find fault with. Perfor- mances cost untold sums of moneyin that strong vicious age. What anadvance today! In this weak viciousage we have learned to employ thesubtle gold leaf Instead... and withsuch cunning... such art! We cancopy in ordinary deal the appearanceof marble so exactly that a plumberwould scarce detect the difference.And we are able to pretend that wespend vast sums on a performance,and get it all over on L. 2,000.0.0.Rome had but one million Inhabitants,yet it was nothing for a single per- formance there to cost L. 12,000.0.0.We have many millions. But as 1 said,we select those who shall grace ourauditoriums. JZ? JZ/If we pretend to cater for themasses, what of that ? If we seem to verge on the side of leniency to thepublic in our advertisements, andoften teli them in the " Mail " thatwe are always searching for some- thing 44 popular can our meaningstill remain obscure ?Surely we must ever be polite....we would not offend even the leastof the vulgar. Still, we must abideby the ideal we have set up... theideal of papier mache and deal pickedout with a dash of gilt... for the sakeof those men and women of questio- nable nobility and doubtful taste whofrequent our Gin Palaces. MACCLESVILLE, YORKSHIRE. A New Repertory Theatre. M. B. A new Repertory Theatre has beenopened here. The Repertory Thea- tre movement spreads like wildfireand the authorities of the Thamesbrigade are fully prepared for allemergencies. &amp; jg?\The management of the Maccles- viile Repertory Theatre will be gladto hear of any artist, (or even artiste)with a full knowledge of some ofthe old cast-off ideas of Stanislaw- sky, Mr Gordon Craig or Dr Alexan- der Sieves!.The Macclesville Repertory Thea- tre will also be willing to purchaseany big dark blue black-cloths suchas those used in 44 Dido and Aeneas " in 1900. Curtains are also wanted..;at fair secondhand prices forMacclesville is a great believer in theproduction of the Elizabethan Dramain a simple and original setting.Further innovations will be an- nounced in the autumn. AN EXTRACT FROM A LETTERFROM LONDON. Facts are Stubborn Things. Q. E. qpo bestow admiration on a work44 of extreme democratic painting4&lt; and at the same time to be con- -44 vinced of the value of an aristo- -44 cratic order of society is to be44 guilty of a confusion of ideas44 which ultimately can lead only to44 disastrous results in practical44 life, (i) JZ? &amp; &amp;The English, however, are notreally convinced of the value of anykind of social order, nor do theybestow anything except abuse uponpaintings of any marked tendency.But thank God our present Ger- man ambassador and his wife arehelping to bring about a better un- derstanding of English art and artists among the Londoners. (I) Ludovlci, " Nietesche and Art editorial NOTES. &amp; PARASITES AND THETHEATRE. j£&gt;number of men in England havelately taken quite an interest inthe awakening Theatre.Is their Interest a selfish one ?On enquiry, and after looking care- fully into the actions of many ofthese interested ones one finds theirmotto to be " nothing for nothing,and damned little for sixpence." £? This Is not the right spirit inwhich to serve a friend, and if youwould be really friendly to the The- atre, gentlemen, you must make abetter effort. £?We know the type, of man whogoes to see a friend because of thegood cigars he keeps:... that's thetype of man we have no use for. Lethim by all means interest himselfin the study of the parasite, butavoid practising what he has learnedupon the body of the Theatre. &amp;We want men who want what wewant. We want the liberty of theTheatre,.... free from parasites: that is to say free from the majority.dS* It is not an auther who will hate us for saying we want no writers inthe Theatre. It is only a parasite- writer who will feel so. We know awriter, and a great one, who doesnot hate us at all for holding to thisview but then he does not crawl,he soars. Try exercise then : even acaterpillar would remain a worm ifhe had no desire and made no effort.You, the parasites, want the Artof the Theatre to suit your purposein a few years' time. will writeplays, or you will make designs,or you will compose operas oryou ballets, or you will imitateProfessor Reinhardt, or you willemploy William Poel at so much anhour. All of you are opportunists :none of you idealists. Your theoryis a convenient one, and never causesyou any trouble. jg/If your theory contained a littletruth that little truth would be theone thing to cause you Incessantworry. ■&lt;&amp;■&lt;£&gt; If your theory were based ontruth you would be suffering. Butyou dread suffering.... it frightensy0u.... for after all a cause is not worth all that,... so you think.We have learned that it is worthall that, and we learned it In a hardSchool. We learned It in the SchoolIn which Nietzsche was one of themasters. Nietzsche, at the end of his" The Case of Wagner" comes closeto the listener and addresses himIn a low voice saying, " Who is in" any doubt as to what I want,...." as to what the three requisitions** are concerning which my wrath," and my care and love of art have'* made me open my mouth on this" occasion ? " ; and then, comingstill nearer, he sinks his voice stilllower and slowly loosens thesewords;" That the stage should notbecome master of the arts. "" That the actor should not" become the corruptor of the** genuine." That music should not be- " come the art of lying ".&amp; Ah, Nietzsche, it took us manyyears to tolerate you for you struckthe one whom we love. It took uslong to learn that you were speakingof the body of the Theatre, and thatyou blindly discredited its hiddensoul. It took us 10ng.... but now weknow that your action opened oureyes and awoke in us the desire toface more and more truths concer- ning the condition of the Theatre... its present material condition ; andthe more mean and corrupting wehave seen It to he, the stronger hasour faith become in its power totriumph finally over itself.But let no one else, not even you,Nietzsche, attempt to revile it ortriumph over its 50u1,... or insult itby assistance. It needs no assistance.It needs lovers. They will understandand ail will be well. It will killparasites,.... and they will neverunderstand till they are dead. &amp;And is there any doubt aboutwhat we want ? &amp;Come nearer, Nietzsche....We want three things. ■£?1. That the Theatre shall becomethe master of its art. 2. That obedience and silence shallalways be in the nature of its art.^3. That words shall become blessedafter a century of silence. JAPANESE ARTIS IN THEWEST. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;ls a certain kind of Japanese" Artist " who leaves the Far Eastprimed up with the order he hasreceived " to study and imitate theArts of Europe. "He is not thinkingfor himself, he is thinking undercompulsion, and as a Patriot histhoughts do him credit. He is think- ing under the commands of his Go- vernment and not of his Masters. In such matters a young artistshould remember the duty he owesto his calling, and that loyalty to hiscountry Is best shown by steadfastloyalty to his calling. It is a long distance from the FarEast to London, and there must besomething very attractive about Lon- don for the Easterners to send somany of their sons over there, tellingthem 44 to study and imitate " ourArts.How strange 1 we of the West,who in life are only children, andquite unable to cope with any butthe simplest of matters, find it sotouching to be 44 studied and imi- tated ", especially In our Arts ! Howhappy we must feel in our kind ofshy way to see the descendant andpupil of Hokusai studying at the feetof Alma Tadema or Matisse!Some of our own family havegone to the East and studied andperhaps imitated the Arts of Chinaand Japan ; but these have done sofrom a natural attraction, and notbecause they were ordered to do so.And the result has been extremelybad for our Arts, which were badenough, God knows, even before.lf there Is a thing that is moreunbecoming than conceit in theyoung, it is the self-depreciation ofthe old. The two~things are irrita- ting and saddening. And so youhear from old Japan a phrase suchas this... 44 Is it not better that thePast should die Its life without in- fluencing us than that it should stifleour fresh spirit ? "Thus the ancient East wants anew King in place of an old God..£?lf this 44 fresh spirit " is the spiritof Commercialism, Industrialism,you're Living Dead. You were nearIdealism and this you are ashamed of;so Debacle, Imperialism... and we aresadly of the opinion that this is theonly 44 fresh spirit " that is apparentto everyone through its freshness...Then goodbye, Japan ! Goodbye theEast I for you're dead before you'vebegun.You were getting along so wellafter a few thousand years. You werea great family. Your sons and theirsons and their sons had learned somegreat secrets, especially that Secretof all secrets about the Oneness ofthings; and now you want to breakup the Unity for the sake of Variety.And you come over to 44 study andimitate " our Arts!And how do you 44 study andimitate " our Arts ? We will tell you.You produce 44 Typhoon " or 44 TheYellow Jacket" or some other piecewith an Eastern coat on its back,something which is like a penny peep-show for our stupid grown upchildren who cry out, "Ow Lor'!My! What a pretty sight! " Firstpoint in your annexation of England.You aim to catch the eyes.We are not politicians., it doesn'tinterest us very much whether Eng- land becomes Japan or Japan be- comes America, or America becomesthe North Pole; for whatever any- thing becomes we shall never swervefrom our fidelity to the ideals whichour Rulers the great Artists have setup for us. It doesn't interest us togo to Japan to " study and imitate "their Arts any more than it wouldinterest us to go to California to" study and imitate " their Arts. Artdoes not root Itself in a place, itmoves as a spirit. And, you dear littleJapanese man, you know this. Whaton earth then are you doing ? pre- tending to " study and imitate "our Arts ?jWhat is great in you is whatremains over in spite of your attemptto rid yourself of the influence ofthe Past. You are great only in sofar as you venerate and keep alivethat Past... and surely you remem- ber that the Stone Monkey (i) inspite of all his magic tricks and histravels, wasn't as clever as he sup- posed. /?&gt; /?&gt; 1) See page 60, L'OEUVRE AND MONTJOIE! Ed. October Ist M. Lugne Poe will" present " Hamlet; his wife,Madame Suzanne Despres wiil playthe title role.&amp; We do not know that the idea isexactly fascinating, for we have seenMadame Sarah Bernhardt as Hamletand that , too, did not convince us.Woman are all actresses ; there is nosubtlety they cannot compass provi- ded they remain women ; but to pre- tend to be a man is, in our opi- nion, never desirable nor successful.Still, it is quite likely MadameDespres may reveal in one or twomoments that spiritual virilitywhich belongs to Hamlet and whichall male actors miss. Should shedo that alone we ought to begrateful. &amp; &amp;By the way, " L'CEuvre " getsbetter and better and proves howunnecessary it is that " Montjoie 1 "should have trespassed upon itstheatrical grounds.&amp; "Montjoie! " is so deuced literary,don't you know, and " L'GEuvre " isof the stage. Such a difference." Montjoie ! " writes of the stageabout which it is badly &amp; It credits Poliziano with havinggiven birth to a theatre in Italy, andomits all mention of Andreinl andthe great Commedia ; it regrets that today in Germany it Is a stage- manager who is " unfortunately "giving birth to the modern theatrethere. The stage has been faulty, guiltyof many sins, but seldom has itplayed the prig, and to regret thata stage manager, a true son of thetheatre, should attempt to put hisown house in order is priggish. Itis good fortune, not bad fortune thatthe sons of the stage are now clai- ming their own.£? Well, we commend " Montjoiel "to the attention of " L'CEuvre." Andfor the consideration of "Montjoie"we recommend the following wordsof Goethe." Truth has always need of being" repeated because error is reprea- " ched to us ceaselessly, and not" merely by a few "Isolated voices*' but by the crowd. In the news- " papers, in the encyclopedias, in" the schools, in the universities," everywhere error holds the first" place; it is at its ease with the" majority who take upon them- " selves its defence. Often also" people set forth in turn truth and" error, and then pause upon this*' latter. Thus a few days ago I wasreading in an English encyclopedia" the exposition of the formation of" the colour blue. It gave first the " theory of Leonardo da Vinci," which is the true one ; but imme- " diately afterwards it gave quite" tranquilly the theory of Newton," which Is false, but It pointed** out that it was necessary to accept" this latter, because it is universally " received"! THE RUSSIAN BALLET. E. G. C. Dy the bye, about four months agoI saw In the papers that I was toproduce a Ballet for you, It was notI that made the announcement.It seems that I was to have DrVaughan Williams as collaborator.Of course the idea is cheering,but is It practical ? And now is itnot far less practical than it wasbefore?.. And have you not already inyour hearts given me notice ?For NO amount of Ballets whichI might produce would ever beannounced by me as Works of Art,and 1 should, as 1 have ever done,protest against their being so consi- dered. Well then.... where are we? And now this number aboutJackaminori is done. The next willbe about Jack and his brother. THE FORUM. &amp;is printing the most brilliant andenduring work of the menand women who willbe the classics ofto-morrow.STORIES : ESSAYS : CRITICISM ; PHILO-SOPHY : POLITICS ; POETRY : DRAMA.MITCHELL KE.NNERLEY&amp; New York &amp; London &amp;Three months trial subscription two shillings THE MOSHER BOOKS.%special literary value of my general Catalogue has given it a uniqueposition In the world of book«=making for book=lovers. &amp;Prom year to year these Catalogues have been issued with the viewof making known, as no other form of advertising could make known,The Moslier Books and what they represent in up=-to=date bookcraft. AHpossible value has been put into these books by their publisher; so thatto=day they are the only style of genuine hand-made paper editions atpopular prices in America.%Sent without charge to all who are interested in choice editions atV «moderate prices. J£? *&amp;£?THOMAS B. MOSHER, , MAINE. THE WOOINGS OF JEZEBELPETTYFER by Haldane Mac Fall.MWIWIIIII I—■— Ml— ■■ MI NI !■ INNMINNI lII■ITTAIRMFRWIIIFRI«TBRNIBMIRB«RIB—N—FIRMIIIR—IImm ■«IMWRRWIMIIIRMWIMINMNMRMNMMIMIM«TmmmrinMnmnrimntnMnrrr——--*'"^^&amp; NEW EDITION, 1913, PRICE SIX SHILLINGS." Has all the qualities that go to make a popular and, I think, anenduring fame. It is full of detail, humorous, pathetic, and often weird. "The Morning Leader." Described in an unforgettable fashion. He stands out as Jingle does,or Sam Weller, or Baillie Nicol Jarvie, or Hucklebery Finn ".The Morning Leader." Of noteworthy cleverness. "* " Wonderfully entertaining. "The Scotsman. Publishers' Circular." A book of remarkable power. "Madame." Will live in the reader's memory. "Manchester Guardian.LONDON. SIMPKIN, MARSHALL, HAMILTON, KENT &amp; CO. POETRY AND DRAMA'jpHE founder and first editor of Poetry Review begs togive notice that he is now issuing a quarterly periodical,under the title POETRY AND DRAMA, on the same lines asThe Poetry Review during 1912, and with many of the samecontributors.&amp; The first and second numbers of Poetry and Drama are atpresent in circulation.&amp; Poetry and Drama is the representative organ of the youn-ger movement in English Literature.^It is published at 35 Devonshire Street, Theobalds Road,London, W. C., on March 15th, June 13th, September 15th andDecember 15th, The price of a single copy Is as. 6d. net- Theannual subscription Is 10s. 6d. post free to all countries. Copiesare procurable and subscriptions may be purchased through allBooksellers and Newsagents. &amp; YE OLDE PARIS BOOKE-SHOPPEII Rue de Chateaudun, Paris, France.Buys and Sells All Sorts of French,Spanish and Italian Books. Also Engravings,Ancient and Modern.&gt; *Catalogues issued monthly. inFrench or English invited. Books sent on Ap-proval to any part of the World. Lists of Desi-derata receive careful consideration.English Translations of French, Latin and Greek Classical Works, suchas Brantdme : 44 Lives of Fair Ladies ", (with coloured illustrations) ; 44 OneHundred Merrie &amp; Delightsome Stories translation of 44 les Cent Nou-velles nouvelles"; Anatole France :44 Thais (the Repentant Courtisan ofAlexandria). 44 The Well of Santa Clara" with 31 Copper Plate Etchings;Pierre Louys 44 Aphrodite illustrated by Ed. Zler; Petronius: 44 TheSatyricon" (translated by Oscar Wilde, with long Preface and manyNotes ;) 44 The Golden Ass " (of Apuleius) fine. English version, with Notesand copper plate Etchings ; 44Corporal Punishment in France", historic andanecdotic; Aristophanes 44 The Eleven Comedies", literally and fullyrendered into English for the first time. sZ? JZ? JZ?Circulars sent on application, (with stamps to cover postage)Please note we buy French books for cash andcan supply all Parisian publications.Fine Catalogue of French Books, Contes, Romans, Etudes curieuses(free for 20 cs.)YE OLDE PARIS BOOKE-SHOPPE£? 11 Rue de Chateau dun, Paris, France. &amp; THE QOLDONI BOOKS.SKETCH BOOKS, DRA WING BOOKS, PAINTING BOOKS ANDWRITING BOOKS, FOR ARTISTS,WRITERS AND LADIES.These Books, are made of fine Italian Papers, and bound in vellum orin boards covered with papers upon which designs, floral or conventional,are hand=printed in colours. &amp;JZ? The beauty and charm of these books must be seen to be realized," These are pages to turn arid finger with delight: " covers bright andvaried with colour and fresh design ; sizes " uncumbersome to the nicesthand." &amp; &amp; &amp;Write for particulars to The Mask Publishers,ARENA GOLDONI, FLORENCE, ITALY.