The mask 14 2 April-May-June 1928 naau_1928-04_01 The mask 14 2 Untitled Image Illustration 1 THEATRES FOR ALL. SOME 1 ILLUSTRATIONS 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRATIONS. 2 LA PRIMA VERA TRIONFANTE DELL'INVERNO" SCENE 7. 4 Plate 8. Illustration 4 BRITISH J. S cre 5-6 Untitled Image Illustration 6 THEATRES FOR ALL NOTES ON THE NEW THEATRE AT WELWYN. CRAIG cre 7-9 Untitled Image Illustration 9 SHAKESPEARE FESTIVAL STRATFORD UPON AVON PICKFORD'S EXPRESS EXCURSION C. CLUTTERBUCK cre 9-10 ALOYSIUS HORN Q. E. D cre 10-11 Untitled Image Illustration 11 HOW LORD BYRON CAME TO RULE OVER ENGLAND John Balance cre 12-13 Untitled Image Illustration 13 DO AND DON T. Allen Carric cre 13-14 Untitled Image Illustration 14 MELCHIOR ZOPPIO. 15 Untitled Image Illustration 15 THE ARMS OF THE ACCADEMIA GELATI OF BOLOGNA. C cre 17 Untitled Image Illustration 17 HOAX AND HUMBUG CONSIDERATIONS ON "THE PEOPLE'S ART" Everard Plumbline cre 19-22 Untitled Image Illustration 22 PAMPHLETS H. P cre 22-24 Untitled Image Illustration 24 A SEVENTEENTH CENTURY DESIGN FOR THEATRE MECHANISM. 25 Plate 9. Illustration 25 CARDINAL FRANCESCO BARBERINI. 27 Untitled Image Illustration 27 SHAKESPEARE IN ITALY. J. S cre 29-30 Untitled Image Illustration 29 AN ENGLISH WORD ON SHAKESPEARE AND OUR THEATRES. 30 EXTERIOR OF THE THEATRE IN HAMBURG 1825. (Architect, Karl Friedrich Schinkel). Plate 10. Illustration 31 INTERIOR OF THE KONIGLICHEN THEATRE, BERLIN looking towards the Stage. Illustration 33 THE INTERIOR OF THE KONIGLICHEN THEATRE, BERLIN looking towards the auditorium Architect, Karl Friedrich Schinkel. Plate 11. Illustration 33 THE "BUT... BUT" "I... I" SCHOOL Yoo No Hoo cre 35-36 Untitled Image Illustration 35 Untitled Image Illustration 36 THE PRETTY THEATRE X. Y. Z cre 36-38 A WORD ABOUT THE THEATRE SACHA GUITRY, ACTOR cre PLAYWRIGHT cre 38 FLESH, BLOOD AND MARIONETTES J. S cre 38 Untitled Image Illustration 38 SITE OF THE TEATRO SANT' ANGELO. VENEZIA 1677-1759. C cre 39 Plate 12. Illustration 39 BOOK REVIEWS. 41-55 Untitled Image Illustration 41 FOREIGN OR BRITISH 41 STAGE DECORATION by 41-42 RACHEL by James Agate. Gerald 42-43 THE COMPLETE WORKS OF 43-44 REPRESENTA TIVE WOMEN. A 44 SCENES AND SILHOUETTES 44-45 SIXTEEN DESIGNS FOR THE THEATRE by Albert Rulherston. Oxford University Press. Price four and a half guineas net. E. G. C cre 45-46 THE COMIC AND THE 46 SHADOWS OF THE OLD 46 HA WKERS AND WALKERS 46-47 THE BEAUTIFUL VAMPIRE 47 44 V/OLFGANG AMADEUS 47-48 Dr. CHARLES BURNEY'S 48 ADVERTISEMENT DESIGN by 48 ACCESSIONS LIST 1926 of the 48-49 IL GROTTESCO NELUARTE E 49 THEATRE. Essays on the Arts of 49-50 MOLIERE'S PLAYS 50 I WANT TO BE HAPPY by 50-51 SEPT COMEDIES DO MO YEN 51-52 THE ENGLISH DRAMA by H. 52 FRANCOIS VILLON by D. B. Wyndham Lewis. Peter Davies. Price 10/6. ON LOVE, Stendhal Chatto &amp; Windus. Price 7/6. LA CHANSON DE MA VIE by Yvette Guilbert. Grasset (Paris); Price Francs 12. E. H. G. C cre 52-53 MORE P L A YS . (0 53-54 THE STAR OF PICCADILLY by 54 A LONDON OMNIBUS. Chatto 54-55 LIFE AND LETTERS. A New 55 THE TAMING OF THE SHREW, 55 EDITORIAL NOTES. APRIL: MAY: JUNE 55-57 PUBLIC OPINION. 55-56 Untitled Image Illustration 55 MORE SALZBURG. 56 o R . A . D . A . o 56 WHEN YOU HEAR.... 56-57 HO S T A N D GUEST. 57 THE AMATEUR STAGE IN 57 LAST WORDS. 58 THINGS ARE BEGINNING TODAWN. Henry A. Lytton cre 58 Untitled Image Illustration 58 oA QUEST ION. o 58 Untitled Image Illustration 58 o MADAME YVETTE GUILBERT. o 58 Untitled Image Illustration 58 —ni-M.i-i.TTOfrTimrTi r I »- " ■inf wi 58 O THE MASK'S RfePLY. O 58 A WORD OF THANKS. 58 Untitled Image Illustration 58 MR. ALFRED BISHOP. 58 Untitled Image Illustration 58 THE MASK VOLUME FOURTEEN. NUMBER TWOAPRIL- M | Y - J U N E ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION EDITION DE LUXETEN SHILLINGS J|pß|cOk TWENTY SHILLINGS(POST FREE) ii'OS'l ' ' I° °TWO &amp; A HALF DOLLARS FIVE DOLLARSFOR AMERICA FOR AMERICAADDRESS: BOX 444. FLORENCE. ITALY. THE MASK. APRIL-JUNE 1928■ IMIWI Jmi mi i■■ i ui n L_ . F I I Jl--1 ■'« &lt;3NOTICE TO CONTRIBUTORS. The Editor is always glad to consider articles and illustrations fromexperts in theatre history and art, which result from special research or personal experience. Where stampedand addressed envelopes are included, every effort will be made to return in due course rejected contributions :but in no circumstances can he hold himself responsible for safe custody or return. All articles should betypewritten.Address : The Editor : "The Mask Box 444, Florence, Italy. THE MASK1928^ 1 9 0 8 19 2 8 THE MASK1928. THE MASK1928 THE MASK1928 THE MASK1928 All Rights reserved. June 1928.Direttore responsabile Antonio Mar ami. 'Tipografia Giuntina, Firenze. THEATRES FOR ALL. SOME CONSI- DERATIONS ON THE NEW THEA- TRE AT WELWYN, GERMAN ARCHI- TECTS AND THE REGRETTABLERESULTS OF " SWANK by Craig.A SHAKESPEARE FESTIVAL AND ASHAKESPEAREAN FIGURE INREAL LIFE by C. Clutterbuck.HOW LORD BYRON CAME TO RULEOVER ENGLAND, by John Balance. HOAX AND HUMBUG, AND "THEPEOPLE'S ART by Everard Plumb- line.PAMPHLETS, THEIR DELIGHTS ANDTHEIR USES, by H. P.THE PRETTY THEATRE, . AND SOMEFURTHER CONSIDERATIONS ON FA- VOURITES, " FAVOURS " AND KINDREDMATTERS, by X. Y. Z. ILLUSTRATIONS A 1657 SCENIC DESIGN OF SPRING TRIUMPHING OVER WINTER.A RARE SEVENTEENTH CENTURY DESIGN FOR THEATRE MECHA- NISM. THREE VIEWS OF GERMAN THEATRES. THE SITE OF THE OLDTEATRO SANT'ANGELO, VENEZIA. PORTRAITS OF TWO SEVENTEENTHCENTURY LOVERS OF THEATRICALS, AND THE ARMS OF THE ACADEMYTO WHICH THEY BELONGED. LITERARY CONTENTS. BRITISH J. S Page 49THEATRES FOR ALL Craig 51SHAKESPEARE FESTIVAL . . . ' . . . C. Clutterbuck 53ALOYSIUS HORN Q. E. D 54HOW LORD BYRON CAME TO RULE OVER ENG- LAND . . . . . . . ... John Balance . . . . .56DO AND DON'T Allen Carrie 57HOAX AND HUMBUG ....... Everard Plumbline . . . .63PAMPHLETS ' . H. P. 66SHAKESPEARE IN ITALY J. S . 71THE '« BUT... BUT ", " 1... I " SCHOOL . . . Yoo-No-Hoo 73THE PRETTY THEATRE . . . . . . X. Y. Z. . . . . .74SHORT EXTRACTS. BOOK REVIEWS. EDITORIAL NOTES. LAST WORDS. ILLUSTRATIONS. LA PRIMAVERA TRIONFANTE as recorded by . . Carlo Corsi. . . Plate 8, Face 49A 17th CENTURY DESIGN FOR STAGE MECHANISM Anon. . . . ■ 9, "68VIEW OF THE EXTERIOR OF THE THEATRE INHAMBURG 1825 . . . . . . . Karl Friedrich Schenkel "10, " 72TWO VIEWS OF THE INTERIOR OF THE KONIG- LICHEN THEATRE, BERLIN Karl Friedrich Schenkel • 11, precede 73THE SITE OF THE TEATRO SANT'ANGELO, VE- NEZIA Anon. . . . "12, Face 76MELCHIOR ZOPPIUS . . . . . . . Anon, 59THE ARMS OF THE ACCADEMIA GELATI OF BO- |LOGNA ......... Anon. . . . . . .61CARDINAL BARBERINI Anon. ...... 69Head and Tail Pieces from old and modern Designs. LA PRIMA VERA TRIONFANTE DELL'INVERNO" SCENE 7. Plate 8. As performed in 1657 at the Teatro delle Feste in the Royal Palace at Torino. Theperjorrnance, a " Gran Balletto was given on February 10 th to celebrate the Birth- day of Madame Reale. It was written by Don Gabriele Orengiano with musiccomposed by Francesco Farmello and with " machines " by the engineer Quadri. Carlo Corsi, who was present as graphic reporter, made some dozen or so records ofthe scenes and costumes such as we see here, while Tommaso Borgogno described eachevent with his Pen. Ihis is the first time to OUT knowledge that the design has everbeen reproduced. BRITISH J. S. THE notion that Art is international, is, theoretically and spiri- tually, a fine idea. Practically it is bosh and something more.And particularly true is this of the Theatre and of theDramatic Art.The more national these are kept the better.To begin with let us take the Dramatists. There is Moliere;—out of France, except when brought over as an occasional guest, heis out of place: Shakespeare out of England is also quite out of place.Ibsen in Scandinavia is not only reasonable but a reality. Anywhereelse he merely ceases to be Ibsen. So is it with btnndberg.Music is more of a universal language, and so composers may with• far less loss to their work wander irom country to country being inter- national and interpreted incorrectly. It goes.A tune which had to be translated would be impossible, and totranslate a good play is next to impossible—and unsatisfactory.The Strindberg play in London was a recent example of this.And there is also another argument why Art cannot be interna- tional.Suppose five nations each to have a theatre, a drama and a tra- dition, and each to have developed these until they each have remark- able playwrights, actors, producers, singers, to send abroad.Exchange visits of picked companies could then be arranged. And.we too might then be proud to use the word international. We shouldsend over our picked English team to play the Russian, German, Italian or French teams. Something gained for Britain. We have so sug- gested for years.But conceive the other thing—the thing as it is.Conceive the German teams, Dramatic and Operatic; the Russianteams, Dramatic, Operatic and Ballet; and the French Dramatic teamcoming to us, playing us off the field, and we unable to return thecompliment:... yet this is being done year after year.What then ?Not until our British teams are trained up so as to be able to playbetter, and a real sense of patriotism helps to establish companies fitto compete with the Foreigner, can we use the word international. THEATRES FOR ALLNOTES ON THE NEW THEATRE AT WELWYN. BY CRAIG. OSKAR Kaufmann is one of the mo- dern Theatre architects whose workinterests me, for the reason that he is neverover-serious when setting out to design anew playhouse and generally managesto improvise something original and, Ithink, quite refreshing. Never is he sooriginal as to annoy those of us who lookto find a few familiar signs that we arein a worldly theatre, though I suppose hecould, if we wished, and if he so wished,design us something just as good as theTheatre of Dyonisus in Athens: all thatis needed to achieve that being the oldAthenian conditions of life, laws, wisdomsand ignorances.And why 1 speak of Oskar Kaufmann,rather than of the gifted Hans Poelzig,and Max Littmann, two of the menmost famous for building good theatres inGermany,- is because he is more theatre- like and the others a little less theatre-like.They are more serious and less sincere,and they do not seem to me to possess somuch exact Theatre sense as Kaufmann.And why I refer to any Germans atall is because our new Theatre at Wel- wyn, though externally it look quite Bri- tish, internally has a distinctly Germanappearance. The Germans have influen- ced Louis de Soissons and A. W. Ken- yon, the architects who, under almostimpossible conditions, have produced some- thing more or less modern to look at andrather too thin to look quite well.The requirements of those who paid forit were the usual English requirements." We want an auditorium which will com- pletely satisfy the dual purpose of a cinemaand theatre—and which can be used for concerts, lectures and public meetings O;maximum of efficiency and mimimumof costWhat Vitruvius, Inigo Jones, Bramanteor Bernini would have said and done onreading such farcical conditions can beimagined.And, as a few people in Welwyn aresaying that the two architects, de Soissonsand Kenyon, have played for safety, itcannot be amiss to remind them that itis quite otherwise and that the architectswere very rash indeed, for they actuallytook on the job. 1 wouldn't have doneso, had those crippling conditions beenimposed on me ; for they amount to this :" Do five things at once,—and do themfor the price paid for doing one of them ".These conditions have crippled what mighteasily have been a real achievement.A dozen reproductions of photographsand plans of this Theatre-Cinema-Concert-Lecture-Hall and Public Meeting-placeappeared with an article in the Aprilnumber of that best of magazines the" Architectural Review " and should bestudied. The writer of the article, Mr. Ro- nald Orfeur, is surprised at the spectacleof a small town of 6,500 inhabitants witha combined cinema and theatre capableof seating 1,100 persons : it strikes himat first sight as "a rash and foolish ven- ture of the promoters of the GardenCity of Welwyn.The words " Rash and foolish ven- ture ", applied to the attempt to build agood theatre with plenty of money, arewild and whirling words; but it was rash and foolish to venture without plenty of money.As there is no word in the article tosay what the building cost I have toguess : and I guess that it cost very littlefor such a building.1 would suggest that a small com- munity stands in no need of such a swag- ger looking place. In great centres it sas well to build sumptuous theatres andbuild them without bothering about thecost. Great centres can afford that. Andwhen Welwyn becomes a great City itwill be easily able to afford to build anew Theatre. 1 am inclined to think thatwhat it should have done was to havebuilt a first class temporary playhouse forits 6,500 inhabitants and enlarge anddecorate it ten to fifteen years later.This haste to over-decorate, this useof too costly materials is wrong: but maybe it was not the architects' fault: itseems to me that it was their misfortune,for they were asked to provide a placefor public meetings, a concert hall, a lec- ture hall, a cinema.Had they been asked to put up atheatre they could have done it for pro- bably a fifth of the cost: a good-sizedstage would have then been possible in- stead of the inadequate affair they havebeen forced to limit themselves to.Yes, it seems to me to have been thefault of the Committee that this Theatre-Cinema-Concert-Lecture-Hall and Public-Meeting place has turned out to be apretentious thing instead of a genuine thing.Grab-all gets nothing, give-all reaps andgathers in what he will, and the promo- ters of Welwyn City seem to be onthe grab.Hundreds of small towns have hadtheatres of their own. In Italy, for exam- ple, without troubling to hunt with care,we find: Spello Population (0 about 5.000 one theatre.Oroieto " " « "Schio ■ " 8.300 "Pescia * 6,200Poggibonsi " " 4,600 two theatresVetoli * " 4000 two theatresCasalmaggiore " " 4000 one theatreCasalpursterlengo * " 5,500 nCamerino * " 4,300 » "Budrio " " 2,400 had two orthree theatres.Rocigo R v' 7270 two theatresftleti n R 9600 one theatrePotenza Picena '' B 3200Montopoli Valdarno * n 1000 n 'Mestrl * " 4500 two theatresMira w n 1500 two theatres and one could cite a hundred or two more.And even places with smaller popu- lations have their Theatres.Roccaraso Population 750 \Roccabianca * 490 §Rongio " 160&gt; one theatre apieceRossa " 140 iMontemenaco w . 360 jand I could name forty or fifty others.Some of these theatres are naturallyvery small, but all are adequate : othersare admirable in every way. All I wishto point out is that if you want a theatreyou can have one, and for a very smallcost, so long as you don't worry aboutunessential swank in appearances.The Committee at Welwyn have had" appearances " on the brain; and a nice,solid, practical, stuck-up, thorough kindof swanky thing it is : but none the lessswanky.And if other small towns in Englandare going to wait until they can afford toindulge in this American thing it will be apity.Let us have big barns well construc- ted, or, finely constructed theatres ; all weneed is a place to act in and a comfor- table place to sit in.And there is another thing to avoid,....the influence of German effects. English architects must not bothertheir heads about what Germany is doingin theatre building, because Germany spendsa great deal of money on a theatre, sothe two cases are quite different.And it is useless to bother aboutwhat France does, or Russia, or Japan.Think fr get all the foreign plansout or your heads. The moment theypop in again, out with them.'I hen think freely. Don't fuss aboutwhat you've seen before in England.You' ve seen Drury Lane Theatre: you'veseen the designs of the old Imperial Theatre.Well, you'll not have half a million tobuild with, so skip the remembrance ofthose places and think for yourself andthink of the Drama, the actors, the stagemanagers and of the good old Public.Don't bother about Vitruvius, Serlio,Palladio, Piermarini or Sfondrino. Usethem, but don't bother about them.Keep on thinking for yourselves andof us.Yes—you might think of us and ourwork which has to be done in your theatre ;think of the performers and not of theCommittee. Think of the way to do usproud, and that will please the spectatorswhen the curtain goes up ; and finallythe Committee will see that it's to theirinterest to have let you have your own. way.But do have away of your own. (i) That is a quintuple purpose, not a dual one. (0 The population figures are taken from books pu- blished about the time the buildings were erected. SHAKESPEAREFESTIVAL STRATFORD UPON AVONPICKFORD'S EXPRESS EXCURSION C. CLUTTERBUCK. LUNCHEON on outward journey.DINNER on return journey.Excellent reserved seat at Theatre for after- noon performance or " AS YOU LIKE IT ".INCLUSIVE CHARGE 18/6.(Actual Announcement a Daily Paper). DIRT cheap I call it " said my neighbourto me, as we sat on two comfortablechairs outside the Festival House at Stratford- upon-Avon, listening to the music as it filteredout through the windows and under the doors.He was smoking one of the largest pipes Ihave ever seen in action. " Dirt cheap " herepeated; " first we had luncheon fit for a King,did'nt we, in a railway carriage fit for aprincess; then we arrive at this pretty countryplace and we get out and we sit outside oneof the prettiest theatres one could wish tofind. We shall get a cup, o' tea, that'sextra I grant we shali then take a stroll ;we can skip seeing old Shake's birth-spot,and in the evening we get once more into atrain fit for a ducheSs and we feed like ad00k.... the dinner is worth a guinea at least.I've sampled it already three times, for I've beenup and down seeing these Shake: Festiveshows day by day, since they started and Itell you again its dirt cheap at 18/6, andthat's the inclusive charge ".I will admit straight off that I was inextasies. Why?... because here was a realShakespearean figure entertaining me in thefresh air, (the play meantime going on within)and no one to annoy us with quotations, nohappy phrases, just the real live brutalShakespearean figure I wanted to see, toconvince me onoe more of the harmfulnessof all that this Stratford man conceived,wrote, and we, to our eternal shame be itsaid, published."1 he fellow went on about his dirt cheaptrip until I fell asleep. He fell asleep too.In my sleep I dreamed of a production of" As You - Like It " such as you willnever see, nor I again, unless chance bringsit back to me. It was a dream of immense forests, and the lightest foliage and poesy, theforest people who came and went all lookedand talked Shakespeare.... the other Shake- speare, not the brutal one. They were all kindsof people; Hamlet was there quite gay for once,and Benedict, and Petruccio, and Falstaff, allsinging Shakespeare, so it seemed to me.The title-of the play, "As you like it",was cut on all the trunks of the largest trees;the words " to-day, to-night, to-morrow "hung on floating pinions, of orange, pink andsilver.... one saw them through the tree tops,they seemed floating from the highest boughs.The sounds of organs playing now and again,of trumpets and even of jazz afar off, reachedme; afar off it sounded delicious. 1 slept throughit all and woke to hear once more how dirtcheap it all was. " For " said my compa- nion, " its like the canister and the two chinaornaments you get with the pound o' tea:that's how 1 figure it out. I've been dreamingabout something mixed up like that; I was ina big canister splashing about in the tea tell yer, I was near drowned, and then sud- denly I seemed to be wafted up on to thetop of a train and all the people on it werefunny and laughing and singing " Its cheap,cheap, its cheap at any price and as youheard I woke up saying just that, that's it...dirt cheap, and I say it again." So, thoroughlyawakened, he and I stood up and went tohave a cup o' tea at the " Arkfloaters arms ".There I listened once more to a moredetailed account of the cheapness of this trip;and to think that this disagreable lout, thisglorious horror, was a genuine Shakespeareanfigure, and that he didn't mince his wordsor make them acceptable to the nicest ear,but belched on, and spluttered about thecheapness of it all. How far healthier, Ithought, than when all this brutality is madeagreeable, and even pathetic and winning.Then and then only Shakespeare is indeedvery unpleasant; and my memory went backto certain performances of Shakespeare's'Richard 111 ', " Iago" and "Caliban"where the actors had been dastardly enoughto attempt to win our sympathy.But it s not to obtain such a privilegethat we pay 18/6 to Pickford's of Cock- spur Street; we pay for the day's Excursion,the grub, the change of air, and the goodcompany... my neighbour for instance. ALOYSIUS HORN Q. E. D. BUT this is not the man.This is a story about a young man calledAlfred Aloysius Dash and that's all I knowof his name, and that's the only mistake inthe whole book.For Horn won't do. When a man ispast seventy, as this young man is, it won'tdo to be pretending that his name is Hornwhen it's . If he were twenty-five, this young man,and he still in trade and on his River stillthe lovely Muni; or were he telling us talesabout a dozen people we all know well, andshowing off his own wit and their dullness ;were he at any pains to be unkind, were hea child of flesh and blood more than he is aspirit of soil and running water, it would nodoubt be quite pleasant to him (and sufficientfor us) to become for a while a part in aplay, one A. A. Horn; but I can't think it'sa happiness for him to solidify into anythinglike Horn, to be Horn at seventy and writeof Horn at the age of twenty-five .... for hewasn't Horn when he was twenty-five, soHorn is insufficient for us.For that young fellow, backed by theplace where he lived, is a blaze of beauty.Africa West Africa, is the place, andthere his friend Little Peru, a sparklinglittle fellow like a nice new ring, joins him.Boys at school in England, they come togetheragain as young men, both between twentyand twenty-five or thereabouts; and, whenthey meet, a thrilling tale quickens andsimply knocks most tales into limbo.The only story 1 can compare with it and several tried to pop in and claim kinship is Defoe's " Captain SingletonYou will remember that it's one of Defoe'sbest, and is about a fellow who took to thehigh seas, there to become, by force of cir- cumstance, a dastardly pirate, and who hada friend called William.Defoe had about as many years as AlfredAloysius Dash when he took to romancing, ie,telling one he after another, each one beingmore full of truth than is most people's dailyconversation wherever it is to be heard. It isonly called romancing just because it is so true. Now this Singleton tale is nearly all aboutAfrica. Singleton starts from Zanzibarwhich is on the east coast and passes across.central Africa with a big group of blackfriends, and they come across an Englishmanon the banks of a little river I recognizedhim at once although that was two hundredyears ago —; but 1 had to. wait for AlfredAloysius's book to do so.Singleton emerged out on the west sideof Africa just about on the same spot whereAlfred Aloysius lived his glorious life.But what Defoe fails to do is to picturethe white light, the blaze of colour in sun- shine, and the joy of all the hours.For though Defoe's years were somewhereabout the same number as those of AlfredAloysius, the Londoner of 1720 had livedthrough a far harder time for there is noharder life than that which is lived in Londonscribbling political rubbish for thirty-five years.Elephant hunting is but a fancy game to that;and so it came to pass that Defoe was veryold when he took to romancing as anotherless hefty would have taken to drink; butwhen Alfred Aloysius took to writing, thoughpeering back through seventy years of life, hewas still quite a boy.He took to writing for us because a verylovely lady happened to buy one of hisgridirons. Alfred Aloysius was at that timein the habit of making all sorts of wire- work things needed in houses, and thesehe took around and sold, now and againsold well and now and again failed to sell.A list of how much he made and soldin three years between the age of sixty-fiveand sixty-nine might not impress anyone, butI, for one, would like to have that list, becauseit's hard lists which are so terrible in thisromance, which romance, as I have said, isso deliciously and delicately true.This lovely lady to whom Alfred Aloy- sius sold a gridiron had the heart of a saintand the sense of one too. She edits his bookfor him. One could not wish a better editorfor, like every good editor, she refuses toobtrude and lies hid in the tall grass; onlythe elephants come forth, trumpet and glistenand are gone; and the gorillas howl at dawnmaking "a sound that throws all new-comersinto a shiver. A yell you'd never be pre- pared for in fifty years", and " only theriver seems safe '*. That river is called Muni River, andMuni means " you shake as you dance ''.Thoughts of the Charleston, of BlackBottom and of Jazz recur as one reads, butthe poor follies we call Charleston, Jazzand Black Bottom are things done in fogs,to electric light, in Hotels in London.They were once good things, I dare swear,before the great Ass got hold of them and,uprooting them from their natural soil, shippedthem dead to Paris and to London andBerlin to poison us all.That they have poisoned over a millionpeople I will wager what you like.In Alfred Aloysius's book you get all youneed of proof to guarantee that this is so.Did anyone doubt it? may one ask for thefiftieth time what the dickens the Europeanauthorities mean by allowing the things to beimported, thus preventing all that's worthwhile in music and dance to flourish in ourold land? Yes, one may ask and askeven a hundred and five times, and still getno reply.Shakespeare is no bad stuff for us, too;one may ask a thousand times why thetrash served up in Theatres is encouraged(not discouraged anyhow and thus stoppedby common sense of the Theatre public) andthe English bouquet of drama thrown asideas useless. " Stratford-upon-Avon ", yousay say it twice so that the laugh maybe a hearty one.Alfred Aloysius's book is a tonic; atonic of sunshine and youth: and it has in itbesides all the thrill of old transpontine melo- drama if you want that thrill.I do I never can have too much of it.Is it understandable still to Londoners? itwas so yesterday. But what is still understand- able by them? is it only money?I sought last month to find enthusiasm,the genuine article, in a young Londoner Imet in Roma; not one scrap of it in him;and here it comes to me through an oldyouth of seventy in Johannesburg and as fresh as daisies. "Khe, Li{e a"d Iforks of Alfred Aloysius Horn edited byEtheireda Lewis. Jonathan Cape. Price 7/6 net. HOW LORD BYRON CAME TO RULEOVER ENGLAND John Balance. '' Poetry is the safety valve of my passions butI wish to act what I write Benjamin Disraeli. WHAT would have happened had LordByron survived Missolonghi and, re- turning to England, had entered political lifeand led the Conservative party?As often as this has been speculated on,so often have the majority of Englishmenbeen seen to shake their heads and shudderat the mere notion of such a calamity, andbeen heard saying that it was unthinkablethat a wild man, an eccentric, should havebecome leader of any party, and quite pre- posterous that he should have become theleader of the Conservatives .... it v/as unthink- able to them.It seems to have occurred to very few,if indeed to any, that Lord Byron actuallydid return to England and, in the likeness ofDisraeli, led the Conservative party, becamePrime Minister, governed the Realm, andcreated Queen Victoria .... " perhaps theonly person in this world left that I do love ".... Empress of India.Lord Byron was only a man and unableto perform any metamorphosis of the ancientkind described by the Arabians, by Ovidand by the Gypsies. But he could do agood deal by the aid of the Imagination.The Imagination is something: it can destroyand it can create, and in Byron's case itcreated.In the end it created Benjamin Disraeli,that vivid young spark, that spirited being,who straightway began to haunt KensingtonGore where dwelt the lovely Lady Blessington,the last European woman seen by Byron ashe sailed away from Italy to Greece.The tale as retold by Mr. Meynell andM. Maurois becomes a vision of that oldstory, "His second time on earth": shouldit have not yet been admitted, it will notsurely now be denied.It is so obvious that I suppose one ofour writers of thrilling and semi-mystical novels has used the notion long ago and Ihave not come across the volume." All the women were on my side isDisraeli's gay cry at the end, at which endhe had the Queen of England, his Empressof India, more than on his side. And Ithink, had I written this tale, I would haveheaded one of my last chapters, " Lord Byronwins the heart of Queen Victoria ", and I amvery sorry I have not the talent to write it.I would probably have tried to do it in themanner of M. Maurois.But really, I do not know which of thetwo volumes, M. Maurois's or Mr. Meynell s,i like best. I like both so well ; and thissays much for the former; for we all knowhow good the Meynell book was in 1905when first it appeared, and, now that timehas tested it, it's every bit as good.Like you I am one of the sworn admi- rers of all that makes up Byron. Prose,verse, ideas, rough and tumble, cool andtidy, sentiment satire rage con- tempt the blackguard and the gentleman.You can't fight a pack of rascals exceptyou can bully them: you can't cope withrats except in the bull-terrier way: and ifasked by a courtezan to see which of thetwo can be trickiest, you can't evade thechallenge on the plea that you are a gentle- man. In the slums you don't wear whitekid gloves; and if drawn on in a cul desac you shoot first or you are a fool.May be not much of this is in the En- glish gentleman's creed. So, while he maytolerate Byron as a member of an aristocracywhich he holds had gone to seed, he canonly feel contempt for him as a man, (beingso unlike himself) and, what is more, finds himbut a very inferior poet.Lucky angel, to harbour such contemptand such views and still be quite a gentle- man. Of course no gentleman ever was seenwith a courtezan, or, being seen, ever behavedotherwise than as a little god.But Byron was everywhere, and he wasa bit of everything.Wherever he was and whatever be was,seldom was he out of place. Mistakes, blunders, and worse, he made and acknow- ledged but never sat down to explainthem away for eight or ten years. A minutewas all he felt such follies deserved.But they who considered themselves hisbetters as in some details at some rareand accidental moment they positively were—could not bear to part with the discovery sorapidly: they would linger on these chancemoments when virtue shone in them for onehalf hour in twenty years, and would, Narcis- sus-like, gaze and gaze at that lovely half houruntil they persuaded themselves that theirwhole lives were one long streak of shiningvirtue.So as to establish this clearly in thepublic mind they would give some hoursevery day of their lives to establishing justthe opposite anent Lord Byron.At the end of fifty years (and the poetdead for forty of them) they did firmly establishboth untruths.Had they failed, and had England stoodfairly and squarely to Byron ....surely the-soundest Englishman of the last hundredyears.... when it came to the year 1914 Eng- land would have been able single-handedto tackle and lick the five other nations whichheckled her.I am thinking unpolitically and only ofthe spirit of Byron, which I hold is the spiritof old England.Byron actually placed in power mighthave led to confusion; only " might have ";nothing more certain can be said. But thespirit of Byron in and behind the wiser,cooler, heads of our great statesmen, thatwould have produced such a nation of freeand powerful men that alliances with or helpfrom America would have been not onlyunnecessary, but utterly out of the question.That is why I so respect all that goes tomake up Byron.Whether today his spirit is returning, Icannot say. There are all the terrible" faults" which accompany and must ac- company the spirit of man at its hardiest,which we would have to accept, and I take' it we cannot stomach faults of any kind.Cecil Rhodes was someone but he had faults:Caesar too: Cromwell presumably had none.The day will come when we shall cryout for a man, faults and all, and find noneto oppose to our enemies, because every Jack-man of us will be a perfect, utterlydevoted, good little gentleman, that deludedlittle being who helped Mr. Bowdler to cas- trate Shakespeare and is now actually pleased with his work. (i) Disraeli, by Andre Maurois. John Lane. Price 12/6,with 2 Illustrations.77/&lt;? Man Disraeli (a revised edition) by Wilfred Meynell.Hutchinson &amp; Co. Price 7/6. with 16 Illustrations. DO AND DON T. Allen Carric. THERE is much to be said for the stagereforms suggested by those who believeso gloomily in Don i.I don't.1 believe entirely in Do—and so do you.A reform which begins and ends in saying" don't ", " refrain from " cut " " oblite- rate has ended before it has begun.Consider some minor questions such as :Shall there he a proscenium ?Shall there be footlights?Shall actors paint their faces ?In all these matters the reformers rap outa snappy little No.But artists.... if they want to better things....answer the questions generally with a " Yes ".Yes : there shall be a proscenium. " Whynot ? " Sir H. Beerbohm Tree would haveasked; and Tree was very much of an artistby temperament.Exactly :—" why not ? "What is meant is this: Let there be a proscenium, but let us seeall the reasons why there should not be one,and we can then get at the root of thetrouble.The root of the trouble with the BritishStage mind is this :—lt is for any old pro- scenium or against any old proscenium: it hasnot yet got beyond that point. It is unawarethat one hundred and eighty of them are pro- bably valueless and twenty of them very va- luable : it is unaware oh this for it thinks thereis but one proscenium, ie the one they'vealways seen. So it is with the Apron stage.I recall the dull way in which we inEngland have always handled that idea, theapron stage. The apron stage in itself is all right.It is nothing very much, but for all thatit is quite all right as an idea and it has atleast twenty-three variations ...the English stagemind knows of only one.If asked, are you for or against apron stages,no one in his theatrical senses would say" against them ". One would first tocorrect the notion of "an apron stage " to" apron stages " and study the matter anddefine clearly to oneself what apron stageswere, - are, and can be, and why one is infavour of the five best and how it is that onerejects the other eighteen.The mental efforts made by the reformersin London to cope merely with this little prob- lem have been puerile.If you recall the stage of the SavoyTheatre in the time of Granville Barker, youwill remember that an apron stage wasthrown out over the orchestra. Mr. Poelhas also used one ; others are recorded, andsome are still used. But what do they allamount to ? An extra bit of stage added tothe front of the existing stages, that is all:and that extra bit, formless, rather senseless,and not particularly useful.—Merely a bit ofextra stage fixed on to the front.— That sortof thing has to end.And so will the Do and Schoolshave to end too.What matters on a stage is not alwayswhat you do or don't do but always howyou do and how you don't do." Cut the play " cries Producer Do—and uses scissors, and is looked upon as aman of action, a practical man, the saviourof the stage." Leave the play intact" murmurs Pro- ducer Don't, and is considered a highbrowand an unpractical fool.Both Do and Don't are out of it, for bothare wrong.The mere act of cutting away parts of aplay, or leaving the play intact is of small im- portance. What matters is the Way a playis cut."There's no time to stop and consider that"cries Mr. Napoleon Do, and he is wrong ;for there is time, and the time as just forconsidering. ifThe first months are for that. Nothingelse must fill any of the days of those firstmonths but that. Should the same Napoleon Do arrive ata definite conclusion that he won t cut a singleline of the play, something is really doingthen; but your stage Napoleons cut a bittoo quickly; they consider it solves all prob- lems. ," What can't be understood, what can tbe spoken, what cant get into two and ahalf hours, can't interest us,—cut it ". That sNapoleon Do's notion and a very fearfulone. Yes, full of fear.And it's the wrong one into the bargain.The producer's task is to face difficulties,not to cut his way through them. His busi- ness is to make the audience understand thepassages "no one can understand", to makethe actors speak what " can t be spoken \make the audience willing to sit in theirseats three or even four hours listening whenthe work " can't be compressed into two anda half hours and to make us all interested.And merely leaving a play intact won'tdo that any more than will cutting it to pieces.Only a special kind of brains can dothat. Only restless brains, only ever workingpeople who never grow tired, who never canbe idle, can do that.And these are neither of the family ofDo or of Don't; they are of the small butactive family of genius and talent.I know that genius is an awful family name,but it's the only one which matters a rap inthe theatre or in any other work.All else spells ruin.—not merely commer- cial ruin but worse than that, ....National ruin.Incidentally Drury Lane Theatre today isactually helping to ruin the nation. MELCHIOR ZOPPIO. Melchior Zoppio was the founder of the Accademia Gelati of Bologna and wrote six or moreplays, some of which were performed in the special private Theatre constructed about 1589 inhis house in Via Maggiore.It was, (after the Teatro in the Sala del Podest&amp;), the most ancient Theatre in Bologna. In 1671all records of this theatre cease. THE ARMS OF THE ACCADEMIA GELATI OF BOLOGNA. C. The Accademia Gelati of Bologna was foundedin 1588 by Melchior Zoppio. (See pg, 59).The members of this Academy of Amateurswere some of the most talented men of the ageand the province.It was not -a collection of amateurs as weunderstand the word today; people, that is, whoget up theatricals; but amateurs who createdplays, wrote music, designed scenes, built thea- tres ; in fact some of the most cultured men ofthe day and some of the wealthiest; and all con- tributed as lovers of the art of theatres towardsthe hundreds of productions given under the au- spices of the Academy of which the Arms areshown here.Among the members we find, for example,the names of Cardinal Barberini, Count RidolfoCampeggi, Count Carlo Bentivogli, Senator Ber- lingiero Gessi, Marchess V. Malvezzi, AgostinoMitelli, Cardinal F. Boncompagni, Prospero Bo- narelli, Giovanni Capponi, and many others.In order to understand rather better what anAmateur is, we must study the records a little,and there wre shall learn in a short time that thetrue amateur has always preferred a far higherstandard than he does at present.When amateurs today will build a theatre toholci three thousand persons, designed by no lessa man than Sir Edwin Lutyens, in some housemore or less as stately as the Palazzo Barberini;will invite poets, painters, and musicians to col- laborate in half a dozen " dramas with musicand when all is ready will invite some three thou- sand guests to enjoy the performances, then andthen only shall we be able to feel that we haveone amateur worthy of the title.For it was something to be an amateur a lover of the arts then. Today it is merelya rather silly waste of much time and a few ha' pence. HOAX AND HUMBUGCONSIDERATIONS ON "THE PEOPLE'S ART" Everard Plumbline. "QUITE SUCCESSFUL" ¥T is so difficult to be quite successful and1 at the same time quite right. Those whohover around the quite successful, will askthemselves, " Am 1 right? is she quite right?is it quite all right?" And the answercomes up quickly or slowly but in utmostsilence on to the screen of their minds, No. THE DAISY-EYED MOOD. "nnHE Cinema is quite successful."J. I refer to its material success. It is called"the People's Art" by the people: yet thepeople do not care a rap whether it be called,proved or stigmatized an art. 1 hat it isno art need not even be demonstrated—everyexperiment made, every show given, tendsto strengthen the case against the possibleexistence of any Cinematographic Art. Butit is actually the People's " Art " and it is forthis reason a success. What more can it want?It would be asking too much if the Cinemashould ask for absolution of its sins on theplea that it has none: it would be somethinga little more than too much if it began towrangle and bluster with the priest who re- fused it absolution on that score. Yet some- thing like this daisy-eyed mood is creepingover the Cinema.Pretty sound in nerve and limb, there isa cog loose somewhere.It is asking for things it may not have.This pass to the Elysian Fields, for example.It asks to have its passport vised for thisplace which it has heard of.The official is refusing hundreds of suchdemands, but the Cinema in all its furs comesup smilingly, with the smile which says " Wait — just you wait, you people, you'llsee 1 shall get through It is a strangebluffish smile. The Cinema in all its fursstops at the table where the official scribbles,and asks for its Passport to be vised,There is a long pause while the wretchedman hunts in the Passport: forwards andbackwards he hunts to find where the* ladyhas come from, and as he hunts a hundred headscome closer; and closer up come the heads ofMiss Pickford, the Misses Talmadge, withHarlan, Tearle, Ford, O' Brien, Cody, Ince,Fairbanks, Menjou, Bunny Griffiths, the sistersGish, Hays, Buster Keaton, Pola Negri,Schenk and Henning, Pabst and Wagner,Greta Garbo, Warner, Jannings, Lloyd andde Mille. There are thousands asking in gentleor in authoritative tones " What's going on—why this hitch? — who's stopping theway? — what's up? "Alas, the game is up. The passport isbeing returned to the Cinema in all its furs,and the immense crowd who expected to goon to the boat are turned aside and have togo back home. There is no pass for everybody to every land.There are some things some people maynot have.For example, I would like to sing. Isee no reason why I should not be allowedto sing; and when I am informed that 1 maynot sing because song is not in me, becauseI cannot sing, I feel as though I had beensingled out by fate as the one being on earthto be persecuted. It's because I can doeverything else but sing. I can skate, I canride a bicycle, a tricycle : I can ski, I canswim, I can scull, I can walk a tight-rope.I can draw caricatures for the penny papers,I can whistle too and I can control a Kodak.But besides all this I can drive a car, I canmend the electric light when there's a break- down in my house, I can turn a lathe, I can,in short, do hundreds of things, and I canmake, and do make, money out of them all.I calculate that my income from these ac- complishments alone amounts to thirty-seventhousand pounds a year: — then, why, whymay I not sing? I could double my income if 1 could sing. Why may I not be allowedto sing and coin money? It's a shame.The answer could never become clear tome even if it were shouted at me and sohow can any answer why the Cinema isrefused a passport to the Elysian Fields ofArt be clear to all the good fellows andgirls who have asked for one?It must be admitted that they nearly allaccepted the refusal in the proper spirit,did as I say, and turned and went backhome; but some few stayed to argue it out,and it was as I listened to these, that I cameto the conclusion above mentioned, that, whilethe Cinema is pretty sound in nerve andlimb, there is a cog loose somewhere. It isperhaps too successful is it so, I wonder?It is indeed difficult to be quite so suc- cessful and at the same time quite all right. SOME BOOKS ON THE CINEMA IN these books which lie on my table, " L'ArtCinematographique "Lillian Gish" and" Close up ", it is not the public voice wehear; it is the voice of those who, hoveringaround the quite successful, ask themselves,"Is the Cinema after all quite .. all.. right? " THE CINEMA YEAR BOOK Avery few of those writers put the ques- tion in those modified forms so familiarto our ears, such as "Le cinema est-il unart? " and " What is it that makes a fineartist? Can animals act?". They neverask "Is the Cinema quite all right? " Theysidetrack their finer doubts and fears, and,putting feeble questions to us, they instantly offerplausible replies; a conscienceless proceeding.And it is because all these writers aretalking as no man in his senses has a rightto talk, and it is because they know it, thatI tell them one and all they are humbugs.How long the cinema will last no onecan tell; but let us hope that the humbugabout it won't last very much longer.I am particularly fond of some Cinema who isn't? Except for a few very obvious de- fects (defects it has not yet noticed for itselfand which no one has yet pointed out) Ifind it perfect of its kind. But it has norelationship whatever with the Arts anymore than the mosquito who alights on your nose when you are asleep has any relationshipwith you.And as I am fond of some Cinema I takeit I am one with the public. I pav for it, Ienjoy it; I go more and more seldom as itgrows more and more but I am notgoing to point out any of its obvious defectsto the public. The public knows themalready, and the public has long ago decidedthat it doesn't mind them.But if these obvious defects are nothingto us, the more subtle defects of the hoveringadmirers are a good deal. Unless these •admirers stop their talk about it being anArt, the Cinema and its workers will suffer.The best book on the Cinema is called"The Film Year Book": that's as straightas a die. In its 1927 volume it begins thus:" The United Kingdom is easily our mostimportant foreign market". A few lines .further on we read, " The gross in-tafae ofall motion picture houses is about sixty timesgreater than all legitimate houses combined".That's the stuff. On the same page weget more of it: " Ten years ago there Were1,500 theatres all over the country (U.S.A.)in which a touring legitimate attraction couldplay. Today there are less than 500 houseswhich ploy legitimate shows. This includedthe houses playing pictures five days Weeklyand a show for one night. Here is stridingevidence of the effect of motion pictures onthe legitimate stage ".Now what have you to find fault withm that? Its straight, it's real; not a wordabout Art; it's what I like and you like.And the whole volume, which consists of ~976 pages and only costs about 10/-, is justlike that. You are told ordinary things thatyou'd like to know in a plain way: "thatthe gross intake at all motion picture housesis about 60 times greater than all legitimatehouses combined ; and when wishing todiscover what is the gross intake (what it wasin 1925 for example), you turn to page 5and you can learn that it amounted to£130,000,000; in words, a hundred andthirty million pounds. to knowhow this money is spent you can discover -that on the same page. Out of every hundreddollars, 25 goes to the "performers", 10 tothe Directors, camera men and assistants ",10 to the Sceneries and stories", 19 tothe sets, 20 to the " studio, management, cutting, assembling and titling of the filmand so on down to 3 dollars which is splitup between " costumes, gowns and so forthI like the last touch: "so forth " receivinga portion of 3 dollars in every hundreddollars is only just and fair.But I must not linger on this my favouritebook on the Cinema, nor can I give anymore time to " L'Art Cinematographique ",which is all hoax. MISS LILLIAN GISH 1"0 the booklet on Lillian Gish I would liketo devote time because she is a greatfavourite, and you and I could surely havelost our heads and signed her vise — youwould have done so anyhow, and we canbut agree with the author that " she is com- _ pletely a being of lyric loveliness, even toher very name ".But even though I may not linger, I cansympathize with Edward Wagenknecht inthat he has failed in the attempt to treat the_ theme as it deserves.Instead of interpreting Miss Gish, hetalks about the arts. In his first page he isinto it: — "a Corot cannot be mistaken fora Millet or a Van Dyck for a Frans Hals";on page 2 " Chaucer or Fielding or Conradare " there " visibly and incontrovertibly" there "in every line they Wrote ".This, as you have rightly suspected, isthe old plea that personality, though it alwaysgets in the way of artists and their arts,has a perfect right to swamp acting.On the same page 2 he is at me withthe names of Salvini, Sarah Bernhardt, Garrickand Zola.And he now begins to wax furious withme for no reason at all, and so on his thirdpage he rushes up with Miss Keanne Eagels,with one Colton, with Galsworthy and withGeorge Arliss. And in the next half dozenpages he is at me again with Hergesheimer,Nathan, Griffith and Mary Garden. Then,finally, he pauses and quietly utters the nameHomer." And Lillian " (he forgets himself fora moment forgetting the words Miss Gish)" could do it" (I forget what it is she coulddo but it's something marvellous) " if hermanagers Would give her the chance couldleave behind her " pictures of the floating world which might Well live as long in theimaginations of men as Homer s portrait ofNausicaa... ".That's where I regret the existence ofthose who hover around the cinema.I had never supposed for a moment thatthe splendid Miss Gish, who, as I have notedabove, receives about 500,000 dollars peryear, could want " a chance " after that.Yet how difficult it must be for thosewho are quite successful. "CLOSE-UP" WITH " L'Art cinematographique" and" Lillian Gish " is this third bookletor Journal. " Close-upIt tells me that the big men whose doingsare so spendidly recorded in that favouritework of mine, " The Film Year Book "(U.S.A.) have no doubts and no fears, andit says that the artistic filmers have. Thefearless directors or managers actually cut thelovely films which are made for them by themore artistic filmers Pabst, Murnan, Grune,Cavalcanti and other men of talent.There again I cannot see why the greatbosses should not cut if they think fit, seeinghow successfully they do it, and taking intoconsideration that in 1925 £ 130,000,000came in to them, and that really fair shares werepaid out to the performers and the producers.If these people were in receipt of nofunds, if they sat in a motor car but eighttimes in a year and those cars ordinarytaxicabs; if they gave up all thought of mo- netary profit for the sake of their belovedCinema, I could well understand this objectionto being cut and applaud their firm refusalto work if their film were mishandled after itleft their hands. " Is it fair" asks Mr.Macpherson in " Close up", " to mutilatethese mens work?" up he drags some namesof men in the arts who never have permittedand presumably never will permit their art tobe tampered with, — Epstein, John, Sitwell,Gide, and Thomas Mann. So it is farcicalto call them as witnesses for the defence.The Arts have developed slowly: it wasfor the pleasure of practising that the firstartists were allowed to go on and waste theirtime if they so chose. No one stopped them.In time they rather came to like the arts,later on they came to love them: but it took some five hundred years for the world todiscover that these things deserved the title" Fine arts ". That once won, (think of it,Miss Gish, five hundred years), a very fewpeople were with them once and for ever:but on that point only.Do not suppose, Miss Gish, that " thePeople" bothered very much about whatHomer or Heine ever wrote. Just a fewhundreds out of many million people liked or still like —to read the things—that was all.And what is so difficult for the hoverersto understand (I return to those who hoveraround the quite successful portals of theCinema Palace) is that Heine, Homer,Beethoven, Goethe, Shakespeare and theothers must never be compared with you,Miss Gish, or with Sarah Bernhardt orTommaso Salvini.You all deserve all you get—the moremoney you make the happier we shall all be—and we all hope you will understand what ablessing it is to be able to get so much andhope that you will put by something for a rainyday.So give some of it to the hoverers, askingthem at the same time to raise no moredoubts and fears by their books and pamph- lets, but to write you up properly, courage- ously, and with all the pep they have in them. U Art Cinematographiquc by P. Mac-Orlan, A.Beaucler, C. Dullin, Dr. R. Allendy, Andr&lt;§ Maurois,E. Vuillermoz, Andre Lang, Andr6 Berge, L. Pierre-Quint, Mme. G. Dulac, L. Landry, A. Gance. (LibrairieFelix Alcan). 3 Volumes. Price 12 francs each.Close-Up. No. 6. December 1927. Published byPool, Riant Chateau, Territet, Switzerland. Price 14/-~ yearly.Lillian Gish, an interpretation, by Edward Wagen- knecht. University of Washington Chap Books. Price 65 cents. PAMPHLETS H. P. SOME DEFINITIONS. ✓BUT what, exactly, is a Pamphlet?John Power in his " Handy Book aboutBooks", 1870, gives us this definition:" PAMPHLET (print.) Any workthat does not exceed five sheets octavo iscalled a pamphlet. Savage. Did. Thederivations suggested for this word are parun filet, held together by a thread ; or palmefeuillet, as leaves to be held in the hand- " -But I suppose that a Pamphlet may besomething more than five sheets octavo, andis almost any unbound little book a littlework, an opuscolo as the Italians callpamphlets.But while an opuscolo, if it be issuedin Italy, will almost always appear stitched.with a single thread and nearly always in apaper jacket, in other lands it sometimescomes out like an ironclad. The notionthat it is only a trifle has suddenly overcomethe author with dismay and he hastens to turnit into a tome.In France a pamphlet is called a brochureand also an opuscule this derived directlyfrom Italy.Mr. W. H. Fowler in his " Dictionary ofModern English Usage " (1926) tells us that:" Pamphlet and Brochure mean thesame thing" and that "we only need theEnglish word " the sense ' a few leavesof printed matter stitched together' hasalways belonged in English to Pamphlet ' Dans sa brochure appelee en pamphlet' quoted in French Dictionary fromVoltaire. "So that a Pamphlet is an Opuscolo anda Brochure, ie a small work of a few leavesstitched together. DELIGHTFUL THINGS 11 seems to me that pamphlets are verydelightful things for their size, for thepossibilities offered to the writer and theprinter, for the pleasantness offered the reader,-for the price and for the publisher; and fcannot understand how it is that many morepamphlets are not issued, since to issue awhole book is ninety times out of a hundredan infernal nuisance all round. A book costs far too much time, labourand money to produce; it costs the purchasertoo much; it is often wearisome to a writer;it is bulky and too heavy to the reader, thebookseller and the postman; takes far toomuch room in a bookshelf; is very oftenunreadable; takes up too much of our timeif we read it at all; and it is really not veryoften worth while reading three hundred pageswhen the whole content of the book could havebeen compressed to thirty and issued as apamphlet.I know fifty or sixty books on the Theatre,its theories, its architectures, its history, itsmachines and its actors which, if condensedand issued as pamphlets, would have servedus far better than do the books.For the truth is that scholars (even someof the best) are apt to collect what has beenwritten about Theatres from other books andserve it up to us in a new binding, and vainlydo we search through its three hundred pagesfor something new some spark of life, somesensible words upon some problem that haspuzzled us and which could be unravelledfor us in thirty stitched pages. MR. W. J. LAWRENCE MR. W. J. Lawrence writes articles whichappear in magazines; but were I apublisher 1 would make a contract withMr. Lawrence to allow me to issue all hewrites in pamphlet form, and then, if hecared, after two or three years had gone by,'to make up a book from ten of the pamph- lets, well and good.Mr. Lawrence sets out to do his workgracefully. He deals in historical subjects buthe manages to avoid the over solemnity some- times associated with the historian.He knows his theatre well and has issuedarticles in magazines, one on Stage-lighting,another on Prosceniums, a third on Sceneries,and always is he entertaining.Recently the Harvard University PressU. S. A. made up a volume from sixteenw?f these articles ....which I should have pre- ferred to get one at a time in pamphletform, for a whole volume proves too much. To issue pamphlets may not strike youas very desirable, but believe me, in thea- trical things, it is the best way to do thework. THEATRE PAMPHLETS I do not know whether Pamphlets are increa- sing in number in England and France.I do not think sufficient are issued in Italy.But once upon a time hundreds flutteredforth. And most collectors and students willadmit that some of their most precious pos- sessions are these little opuscoli.Naturally the life of some little-knownperformer of the 17th or 18th century whenprepared nowadays can all be containedwithin twenty or thirty pages. For example,there is Caterina Gabrielli, one of the mostdelightful if one of the most wayward of per- formers of the ! Bth century. No book existsdealing thoroughly with her career. But anyday an opuscolo on her could be stitchedtogether, and I fear that instead of this weshall be cursed with a whole book on her,padded with opinions and suppositions.When we search in the big books todiscover something about certain people wetoo often find the same paragraphs repeatedby each author, and there an end.And there are certain theatres about whichno one writes more than a few words, andthose words mostly incorrect.Where are the books on :1. The Old Opera House at Bayreuth:2. The rebuilding of the Teatro Filar- monica in Verona.3. The Teatro della Vigna, Genova.4. The private Theatres of the Dued'Orleans in Paris ?Pamphlets are not evidently thought se- riously about by publishers, for, if a valuablepamphlet does appear, it is never sufficientlyadvertised.Often enough the writers issue themthemselves for what publisher can beexpected to understand sufficiently well theimmense value of these opuscoli packed fullof the information so difficult to procure.I would that some one publisher wouldmake a speciality of issuing pamphlets andnothing else. I think he would make afortune before long. NINE PAMPHLETS NINE pamphlets recently issued have comemy way dealing with the stage. Not allof them genuine pamphlets because two of themwere extracted from the Stage Year Book(an excellent publication, by the way); andyet these two should assuredly have been issuedas pamphlets, and not have been hidden ina book of reference and so lost to most of us.These are the names of the nine booklets:1. "II TEATRO ROMANO DI OSTIAGuido Calza; pages 32. Illustrations 19.2. "THEWORLD'S OLDEST PLAYBILLS".W. j. Lawrence; pages 8. Illustrations, 9.3. "THE STORY OF SADLER'S WELLS".Austin Brereton; pages 8. Illustrations, 8.4. " SHAKESPEARE AND SPIRITUALLIFE ". J. Masefield; pages 32.5. " THE COMMEDIA DELL'ARTE ANDTHE ROMAN COMEDY". Walter Starkie;pages 22.6. " CHARLIE CHAPLIN ". Robert Florey;pages 84. Illustrations, 40.7. "FROM HENRY V. TO HAMLET".Harley Granville Barker; pages 29..8. " SHAKESPEARE IN INDIA ". C. J.Sisson; pages 26. Illustrations, 4.(l)9. "THE BACCHIC ELEMENT IN SHAKE- SPEARE'S PLAYS".V ery agreable it is to hold in the hand thislittle opuscolo on the Theatre at Ostia and toknow that the author is not going to troubleyou with fifteen or sixteen chapters on fifteenor sixteen other ruins of Roman Theatres inAsia Minor, in Africa and in England inorder to prove something unimportant aboutthe Ostia Theatre. Thus he is far morelikely to be read than even Herr Schmiten- stein s ponderous three volumes on " RomanExcavations in three continents ".Mr. Masefield s beautiful little RomanesLecture, though only 32 brief pages, will beeasier and more happily read in its pamphletform than were it included in a 300 pagevolume of collected Romanes Lectures.The Charlie Chaplin pamphlet servesentirely to bring this popular comedian To usin the quietest and most interesting way.Books, even magazines, nowadays talk ofMr. Charles Chaplin, coupling his name withthat of /Eschylus or telling of the historic meeting between " this grand artist and thatother supreme artist Miss Pickford ".It doesn't matter a fig to Chaplin whatwe call him so long as the Public loveshim and calls him its darling, but the snob- bery of Mr. Charles instead of plain Charlieis not a little wearisome.And it is because these iittle bookletscan reach the big public that they are va- luable and excellent.Unfortunately, if the big public got holdof No. 9, " The Bacchic Element in Shake- speare's Plays", it wouldn't know what to.make of it. In fact, the pamphlet on Chaplinis the only one of the nine which woulddelight that public. But four or five of theothers would please some two thousandpeople, or two might please ten times thatnumber. And all are within everyone'smeans for 9d, 1/'- or 2/- apiece.And this is important. LITTLE COST: LITTLE LOSS: SUCH books cost us little, cost the publisherslittle and cost the writers a little; andif all lose on it, very little is lost. Whereasa book of three hundred pages costs timeand labour and that is lost: costs a hundredpounds or so to issue and that is lost: andcosts the purchasers 10/- apiece and that "is lost.With very big and very expensive workscontaining perhaps twelve to fifteen largeplates ana eight or ten pages of letter-pressand costing about £5 a copy, it's anothermatter: they are not a loss to anyone. They- are made for only five hundred people atmost; and to these people, who can wellafford them, they are but Pamphlets de luxe. (i) " Pre-restoratio7i Stage Studies price 23/- net, andissued in England by Mr. Milford at the Oxford UniversityPress. (i) Repriuted in « The Mask » Vol. XIII. A SEVENTEENTH CENTURY DESIGN FOR THEATRE MECHANISM. Plate 9. That mechanism when it acts as a servant to the Drama and Opera can but be helpful is nozu no longer doubted. This is not to be wondered at becauseit was already realized in the 17 th century. This design for a rather elaborate mechanism was made some time about 1635-45 possibly for someof the operas given in Venezia. It is one of the most elaborate records of such devices we have seen. Is it perhaps the work of Giacomo Torelli? CARDINAL FRANCESCO BARBERINI. Cardinal Francesco Barberini was born in 1597 and died in 1679, and was an Amateur, and amatoreof Theatricals.In 1634 he inaugurated on February 6th the private theatre which Bernini constructed for himin his Palazzo Barberini in Roma, which held three thousand spectators.The piece performed was a Dramma musicale called " S. Alessio " for which the Cardinal hadwritten the libretto and Stefano Landi the music. The scenes were designed by a certain A. S.(Ie Andrea Sacchi) who had designed the remarkable Festa of the Piazza Navone given on Fe- btuary 25 th of the same year on the instigation of Cardinal Antonio Barberino.This genuine Amateur, Cardinal Francesco, formed a library of sixty thousand volumes and wasa member of the Ac.cademia Gelati of Bologna (see pp. 59, 61). SHAKESPEAREIN ITALY. J. S. ALTHOUGH this booka) is not a new one—it appeared in 1916—to me it is quitenew and possibly to you too.It is one of the most important books onShakespeare which has appeared for the lastfifty years. I will, on consideration, addthat, provided it were well known and wellread, it would already have proved to be themost important book on Shakespeare.There are several reasons which make iteminent.One of these is that, for once, we seeShakespeare in a reasonable light.The world is queer about it's Shakespeare.Very queer.Either it damns him in French with Voltaireor it raves about him in American and En- glish without knowing exactly why it raves.What still has to be done is to come tounderstand him, and this understanding ismade easier for us by the light shed uponhis work during the nineteenth century bythe Italians.We in England assuredly do not un- derstand him: when we do, look out forOld England again....it will be a great day.The light which the Italians played uponShakespeare was not a harsh search light,with that terrible hissing noise which some- times precedes the illumination.In the Italy of the nineteenth century thedefects in Shakespeare were observed, admit- ted and accepted. In England they wereseen, and either denied flatly or explainedaway or they were not seen at all,Voltaire saw the defects and made a great fuss, knowing that all over Europe, and inEngland especially, people would be pertur- bed. They were. For years Voltaire's con- tempt did its work.Even in Italy we read that it made anattempt to prevail over intelligence. ButItaly is a queer ancient place with a peoplefar too experienced in life and too easy withart to be fooled by a dozen Voltaires.The Italians began to hear of Shakespearein 1726 —in that year he is first mentionedby them .... but it was not till the end of thecentury and well into the next that they cameto appreciate —as late as 1846. Modena,the most popular as well as the best Italianactor of the age, had to lower the curtainduring the very first scene of " Othello"because, as he dryly puts it, " the publicwas taken ill ".Why? Because during the scene betweenlago and Roderigo outside Brabantio's house,where lago shouts "what ho, Brabantio!Signior Brabantio, ho! " the audience beganto whisper among themselves "what is it is it a tragedy—or a farce? " and when Bra- bantio appeared on the balcony half asleepin disordered attire, they began to titter andlaugh; then an uproar followed and thecurtain descended to a storm of hisses andhowls.Ten years later, at the very same theatre,we read that Ernesto Rossi " avenged hismaster Modena by playing Othello with realsuccess ".The Italian Public was a sane Public,even as the Italian letterati who discoveredShakespeare were sane men.At first came a decided no from boththese elements: later on it is t/es; if prejudicedit did not hug its prejudices obstinately.If Italians will not take to an idea or a poetwithout first knowing what it is they are totake to, they will not for long remain stubbornlytight-mouthed towards anything possible forthem to understand, and they cultivate theirpowers of understanding all things.The exaggeration of Shakespeare wasdisliked by them, and it is still disliked.Englishmen ask that it be explained away,and that all be made seemly and neat." Tidy the man up and we will accepthim " is practically the English verdict.America is inclined to echo Englandin this attitude and verdict. " In most ordinary everyday accents arehis Words delivered, it seemed quite naturaleveryday speech is what some critic wroteof a recent revival in America of one of thegreat tragedies.That is the aim —to meet the puoac swishes and to allay their trembling suspicions,to quiet their fears.Of course this will not do for Shakespeare.Shakespeare is a rock on which some boatswill be split; and, unless we are soon goingto acknowledge the existence of that rock,there is trouble ahead for quite a number ofpersons who, denying the report, assert thaithere aint no sich a thing.His exaggeration, his lack of taste, thesetwo things were felt by the Italians.(The very name Shakespeare seems tohave been a real trouble to Italians, who,since 1726 have tried it several ways.Thus we get the following: Sasper:Scespir: (which the author of this book calls" one of the cleverest of the Italian repro- ductions of the sound of the name ); Seck- paire corrected under errata to Seckspaire:Sakespir and jhakespeare).His genius, however, slowly emerged andwas soon at work; but for all this the exag- geration and the lack of taste were stillacknowledged to be there.I suppose English writers have dwelt onthese two defects. I have not read anythingby an Englishman which made me consciousthat these defects were there but were to becondoned.In Italy they linked his name to that ofDante, at the same time failing not to pointout the faults and extravagances of their ownpoet.Soon came writers who imitated Shake- speare ; Monti, Alfieri, Manzoni amongstothers. May be they even imitated someof his faults. Later came translators, andthen before long actors came to play him,Salvini as " Othello ", Rossi as " Ham- let " and " Lear Ristori as " LadyMacbeth " were performances which allItaly of forty years ago remembers. Thedefects were there still no one ironed outthe creases, no Bowdler was tolerated for aninstant but the sane Italian spirit, undistur- bed, let the defects pass and responded to theimmense qualities which burned so brightlyon the stage. I saw Zacconi, the most celebrated livingItalian actor of Shakespeare, in 1923 performingKing Lear. ~The performance was remarkable, but theaudience was superb.I spoke with some of the spectatorsbetween the acts. Gravely and quietly theyreferred to the genius of this Shakespeare: ,ling ered a while upon the deep philosophicalaspect of the work, of the noble lines;alluded to the strange figure of Edgar asPoor Tom: were very grave, very quiet, notapologetic but not enthusiastic; but whenthey returned to their seats for Act IV theywent with rapidity quietly gravely andrapidly, soon were in dead silence, and atthe end gave such a reception as I havenever heard in a theatre—and 1 have hearda few receptions.That evening no one excused Shakespeare;no one attacked him; no one said " butdamn it all, it was a bore **; everyoneadmitted the faults and then passed throughinto the wonders.This book brings this very clearly to the .mind: and it is because it does this that Ifind it to be the most important publicationon Shakespeare which has appeared thesefifty years.It is therefore one of the most importantbooks on England—for Shakespeare it seems to me is England. (i) Shakespeare in Italy by Lacy Collison-Morley. TheShakespeare Head Press. Stratford-upon-Avon. Price 7/6. AN ENGLISH WORDON SHAKESPEAREAND OUR THEATRES. HOWEVER LAUDABLE I NITSELF IT MAY BE TOGIVE A FEW PERFORMAN- CES OF SHAKESPEARE INTHE WATERLOO ROAD, ITIS IN REALITY THE BITTER- EST COMMENT ON THETASTE OF LONDON PLAY- GOERS, AND A GLARINGEXPOSURE OF OURNATIONAL CONTEMPTFOR SHAKESPEAREON THE STAGE.HENRY ARTHUR JONES.O EXTERIOR OF THE THEATRE IN HAMBURG 1825.(Architect, Karl Friedrich Schinkel). Plate 10. INTERIOR OF THE KONIGLICHEN THEATRE, BERLINlooking towards the Stage. THE INTERIOR OF THE KONIGLICHEN THEATRE, BERLINlooking towards the auditoriumArchitect, Karl Friedrich Schinkel. Plate 11. THE "BUT... BUT""I... I" SCHOOL Yoo No Hoo. I am one of the many admirers of the booksby A. E. W. Mason. I am more thanthat, for I read, enjoy and also buy his boQks:it's a sufficient • guarantee of my sentiments,I think. Still more, I note his development- with pleasure, and he's no beginner and hasbeen writing for some thirty years." The Villa Rose ", " The House of theArrow " and the recent " No other Tiger "all contain the elements I enjoy in a thriller.I have read five or six others by this writer,and, in his " The Winding Stair ", foundsomething more than the thrilling : there is alove scene in that book.He hasn't the same facility for coming to- Hecuba as Dr. Conan Doyle has, so thatthe reader must give a whole day to oneof his stories, or three or four spare evenings:he is then sure of being satisfied by Mr.Mason. I am also pretty sure that his sto- ries bear re-reading. I have read " The4. Villa Rose " twice and " Miranda " twice.But what is it I wonder which makes melauph when one of his characters begins to" but—but " and " I—l " ? If it weren'tthat his stories have given me so many happyhours I should not laugh ; I should close thebook, look out to sea and ponder a littleI cannot close my Mason, but I may pon- der a bit.And I thought that the type of man andwoman who once did this lingering on theirbuts and ifs had long since passed away.- You thought so too. Do—do you really thinkso ? is all I can ask ; I never heard any butvery shoshy men and shishy women utteringthese double buts.On the §tage however there used to bedozens,\ I don't mean that play-writers gave theperformers these hesitating sort of ways, I meanthat the actors themselves employed thedodge.Unless I commit a great error Sir GeraldDu Maurier still employs it. Am I right insupposing that the blighty thing first breathedon the boards.I believe the English actors use it toexpress intense agitation or deep emotion: and,since it goes down, since even Mr. Masonconsiders it sufficiently tasty to offer it quiteoften to his readers, 1.... well I suppose itdoes express something peculiarly English.But what ? Someone there is who mustknow all about it, what it stands for, how itwas originally used and who first used it, forit is certainly popular with—with a largegroup. ... . .I can imagine it is supposed to be expres- sive of a certain delicacy which dreads tohurt and so hesitates to speak : be this as itmay, it gets upon my nerves immediately Isee it in a book or hear it on the stage. Isit still being employed, this trick ?Is it, as I have ventured to suppose, a.product of the stage, invented so as to slowdown just as stress is to be laid on a word,and have the writers caught the trick fromthe stage ?I grant that it's one of the things whichmakes the quite modern artist, be he writer,painter or musician, furious to the extent ofbranding the user of it as a rotten bad writeror actor.The quite modern artist possibly consi- ders me crazily behind the times to lingerand discuss this oddity.I have the fullest sympathy with his pointof view, but I for one will not give up myMason, and, as I have said, Mason indulges inthese double buts and ifs. I should lose toomuch. Were faults to dictate divorce weshould be lonely sort of people with emptyshelves.Because of faults must I forswear myJacobs, my Doyle and my Darlington ? I willnot shun Blake for sixty faults nor give upmy Defoe for all his ; in short, 1 can't followthese wonderful courageous modern men whoI am to believe are quite willing to give upeven Shakespeare because he puns horridlyin the improper places.But what if Defoe and Mason were of my calling? what if they were theatre fel- lows ? Ah, then I grant you I would appearto cast them off indeed—and , lo theswift turn of the wheel, then the modernswould all pounce on me and tear me topieces as an intolerable and insufferable prig.What a lark it all seems, what a fantastic,pitiful, and useless lark it sometimes seems.—lf it were real.... but is it? 1f.... if I only knew. THE PRETTY THEATRE X. Y. Z. PART V(1) Amour amourOh belle oiseauChante chanteChante toujours. ONE cannot write the history of the PrettyTheatre in less than twenty-five volumes,and indeed, to do it full justice, it deservesthirty, for five volumes alone would have tobe devoted to the portraits of those whohave made the Pretty Theatre what it is the dancers, singers, actresses who were socharming: the hangers-on who were so ne- cessary, the intermediaries who were so adroit,and the rest who were so much in theway.I may have time to compose thesevolumes if, as 1 hope to do, I inherit some£ 50,000 from a rich and, at present, un- known great aunt or uncle who left Europesixty years ago and made a fortune in Braziland has left me a slice of that fortune.It will mean purchasing five or sixthousand drawings, engravings, miniatures ofthe ladies and gentlemen who best representthis Pretty Theatre.1 possess only a hundred or so, and it isnot enough. For there is not one Prettinessonly, there are legions. Five volumes wouldnot cover it, fifty would not, nor five hundred.Pis the great weed—a weed so popular thatit is more often than not taken for the flower. Exquisite, Enchanting, Perfect, Divine; theseare but a few of the ejaculations uttered inits presence. And yet it is only the Pretty ...at times pretty vulgar.Then how come to realise the power ofthis trifle unless we show it in all its finery ?Puritans—they who for the moment ut- terly despise the Pretty—have ever disparagedit—or rather her. Yet you have only to seeher for a moment to change your mind, unlessyou too happen to be pretty and in the sameTheatre or Dancing Academy.Assemble the old Gods from high Olympusand pray them to perform for you some im- mortal play with music of the spheres anddances of the Hours or Seasons. Even asthese are shaking your soul, lifting it fromearth, will come a pretty thing posing as agoddess, and, in a few steps of the old danceafter a few notes of the old song you, theGods and all will be utterly charmed; youwill find yourself begining to speak French;you will utter the old familiar words, Racis- sante—charmante—-charmante. Amour amouroh belle oiseau ...The old Gods know how to control theirstage, if not their feelings, so that this mo- mentary ebullition will not wreck the perfor- mance of the whole piece: after it is over itwill be in vain for any of you to send roundand enquire after the health of the prettygoddess.She will have been garrotted by themsilently and thrown into the ditch.Even the Due de Richelieu must staywhere he is in his stall in the Theatre of theimmortals on the other side of Styx.But to descend again to the Theatre ofEurope: the Due de Richelieu, the Princede Soubise, the Prince Carignan, Fitz James,d'Henin, de Vasse, de Jarente, de la Borde,de Harlay, Barrymore, de Saint Lubin, theseand a whole host of such as these deserveto have their portraits in the five volumesbecause, if the Pretty Theatre's existence didnot exactly depend upon them, (though it bemade for them) they were always quite readyto lend a finger in the applause or a thou- sand francs for a carriage to take home oneof the Pretty.They lavished immense sums upon thesepretty people and so their place in the bookis an important one: their place in that Thea- tre is both before and behind the curtain. Crudely stated, they haunted the theatrenot so much for the sake of the Drama, theMusic or the Dance as for the actresses, the.singers and the dancers; and, crudely stated,even the French today are shocked at this.There is not a shock in it, except per- . haps when the statement is crudely made asI make it here. The attraction towards thatwhich is pretty is a weakness and we shouldhave no weaknesses—how true that is tothose who have none. But a weakness forprettiness is one thing; a strong delight in itis another. The actresses, dancers, singers■laid themselves out for I'amour, properly paidamour: were the gentlemen to whisper back,"Oh I don't know, ask Mama!"?Yes, I would like to devote at least onevolume of the five to the paintings, drawingsand engravings which show us the salesmenand saleswomen, the purchasers and the goods.What were the goods? Genius? no, Ithink not, for you cannot buy genius. Ta- lent?.,. that too is not necessarily for sale,for how take home 15,000 francs' worth ofTheatrical genius or talent in a coach.* The Duke of Grafton could buy a drawingfrom Rolandson for £1 or £5, but hecouldn't buy some of John Kemble'sgenius; he must go and see it at work in aTheatre—he has only to pay a very smallsum, a few shillings, and share what is be- fore him with two thousand other admirersand remain seated quietly in the stalls or inthe boxes.But then Kemble is not to be found inthe Pretty Theatre.No, the Pretty Theatre is quite anotherthing, and you can give a lift in your coachor motor-car to that which is sold in it, thewhich we have come to call " favours ".These are sold by " favourites ".Although a true favour is somethinggiven, is a kindness beyond what is due andis not to be sold, in the Pretty Theatre fa- vours were and are sold by the million. Andthe picture which best illustrates this is thatby J. M. Moreau le Jeune called " La Logea I'Opera ". 0)It represents the sale of a ballet dancer.Now whether it be wrong or right, illegalor legal, serious or comic to sell people (oryourself if you have no mere fausse to assist% in the transaction) is not the question; butwhat has always been highly ridiculous is tocall the sale a favour.It is a sale and nothing else; so if anysuch sale take place, it should take place onthe ancient basis of the slave traffic, on afrankly unrespectable basis ; a hard deal ornothing. The Memoirs of dancers neverdeal frankly with this phase of their art.If you are sold or sell yourself you area slave, and damme, slaves, being sold people,cannot possibly put on airs. Yet these airshave been put on, the virtuous airs, the airsof one bestowing favours, the giver's airs, theairs of one who simply could not possibly besold, the "quite innocent " airs, the indignationairs at the mere suggestion, the pathetic airs,the airs of the lady, the womanly airs, thenoble-woman airs, religious airs, above allthe airs of the independent but quite respec- table lady.All these are airs, not actualities.For the actually independent lady is asgenuine as is a square deal: what she saysand does is done squarely in fact andthere is no other way to describe it likea lady.But the Pretty Theatre is not concernedwith ladies or with things square but onlywith things fair—unfairly fair perhaps: a harddeal is, in the eyes of the bartering groupwhich runs the principal side show of the PrettyTheatre, a fantastic notion from the country.Ask Mademoiselle du The what shethinks of a square deal: whether she is openfor sale on a square basis, and you will belaughed at for your pains. Bui she soonstops laughing to explain, and in an elaboratetissue of lies, that she is a pure woman, shesays; misrepresented; she admits she has hadseventy-five lovers, but these, she explains,didn't love her as she loved them, or didlove her, and anyhow, she cries, " a predo- minant trait in my character is fidelityanyhow."Fidelity is rare in anyone, so rare is itthat those who possess it and cherish it de- serve too well of the whole world for thatworld to listen to trulls like the Pretty Ma- demoiselle du The talking about her predomi- nant trait.I adore Mademoiselle du The; 1 amwriting a small " Life" of this able Filled'Opera, vendeuse d' amou which I shall add as an appendix to these chapters. No onecould possibly appreciate her qualities morethan 1— : but I protest against the attemptto gull me. If she pose as High Priestessof the Art of the Dance, I am off: if sheheckle me on the subject of molality, I amgone. Igo to find a priest who is betterfitted than is a prostitute to utter the wordmorality. Yet, bless your heart, molality isone of the lady's favourite themes. First shekicks her toe up to the ceiling, then she drinksher champagne steadily for two hours, and atlast she launches into her pet topic, her mo- rality and the immorality of the others.Oh Mademoiselle du The, I m simplyshocked at you. I am afraid you are des- tined to be turned out of the Pretty Theatrefor you are neither flesh, fish nor good redherring. You are a little fool, and we allthought you so awfully clever—so kind—-sobig-hearted: whereas one of the unnamed littlepigs de iOpera, true to her colours, discreetand loyal in her amours, is, to quote thebard, a very different thing by far to the lump — 7 j ~of iniquity big pigs are. (i) Preceding chapters of the series appeared in TheMask Vols X, XI, XII. (i) See 14 The Mask", Vol, X PI. 20. A WORD ABOUT THE THEATRE by SACHA GUITRY, ACTOR AND PLAYWRIGHT. Extract from an Interview which appeared in theo '* Italian Mail*', May 1928. o 1 cannot, however, but deplore the enormous changes thathave lately been taking place with regard to ownersof theatres and impresarios. In the past a theatre companywas one big happy family, in which the director was notonly business manager, chief executive and legislative official,hut the owner of the theatre, and often the author of theplays. At the head of the five leading theatres we had someof the most remarkable men of the day—men who devotedall their lives, talent and activities to the pursuit of theirart. To-day the director of a company is often a veryable business man who looks upon the whole concern asa potentially profitable business, and there is consequentlylittle of thai close friendly relationship that used to prevail.Therefor, in my opinion, all lovers of the stage shouldendeavour to restore some of the happy conditions thatused to prevail in the theatre fifty years ago. Fifty yearsago a manager of a company came in time to know everysingle member of the cast as well as if they belonged tothe same family. There was an esprit de corps and aclose relationship between promoter, actors and actressesthat is usually absent to-day. For months all these peoplewere thrown together in a manner that is almost impossiblenowadays. They toured the country together, lived thesame life, shared the same pleasures, successes and set- backs, while jealousy was practically nonexistent. To-daythere is much less of this personal contact, and the pro- ducer is very often unknown to the general body of thecompany which the manager has engaged. FLESH, BLOOD ANDMARIONETTES J. S. A NINETEENTH CENTURY NOTE THE actors appear to me like a iot or wrong-headedlunatics pretending to be sane. 1 heir malicestitched with white threads. They are disguised and ugly •To look at them breeds in my melancholy soul thoughtsof murder and suicide, -such is my anger and my loathingof their transparent pretences. There is a taint of subtlecorruption in their blank voices, in their blinking eyes, intheir grimacing faces, in the false lignt, in the fah-e pas- sion, in the words that have been learned by heart. But1 love a marionette-show. Marionettes are beautiful,especially those of the old kind with wires, thick as mylittle finger, coming out of the top of the head. Theirimpassibility in love, in crime, in mirth, in sorrow,—-i*heroic, superhuman, fascinating. Their rigid violence whenthey fall upon one another to embrace or to fight is sim- ply a joy to behold. I never listen to the text mouthedsomewhere out of sight by invisible men who are heretoday and rotten tomorrow. I love the marionettes thatare without life, and that come so near to being im- mortal ! "Joseph Conrad in a letter to R. B. Cunning- hame Graham, dated 6 December 1897," Joseph Conrad Life and Letters " byG. JeanAubry, 213. AN EIGHTEENTH CENTURY NOTE 11 I ATER on, a good while after my marriage, I went toI—* many shows on that boulevard [du Temple], Theone I saw and enjoyed most was that of the puppets of CarloPerico. These marionnettes were so well made and so dexte- rously manipulated that they sometimes achieved a perfectillusion. My daughter, who was six years old at most, andwhom I took with me, had no doubt at first of their beingalive. When I told her the contrary, 1 remember taking hera few days later to the Com6die where my boxwas fairly remote from tbe stage. • And those, Mamma ,she said to me, ' are they alive? "The Memoirs of Mme Elisabeth LouiseVigee-Le Brun. translatedby Gerard Shelley, 1927. Page 32. AND A TWENTIETH CENTURY NOTE CONRAD and Mme. Vig£e Le Brun may be right. Now all that remains to be done is for the Actorsto prove them wrong. J. S. SITE OF THE TEATRO SANT' ANGELO. VENEZIA 1677-1759. C. Plate 12. IN an interesting booklet from which this print is taken, thepalace marked here by a star is the Casa Barocci, and,says the booklet, it was " edificata sulVarea del teatro S. An- gelo And this may prove to be exact and therefore worthrecording.My plans of Venezia 1779-1840 and others do not do morethan indicate that the Teaitro was on the Grand Canal be- tween the two water-ways here shown. When shall we disco- ver the original plans of this very interesting playhouse which was destroyed in 1759? Any day now, it seems, sincethe long sought plan of the Teatro SS. Giovanni e Paolo ofVenezia came to " The Mask " only yesterday, and equallyvaluable plans of the Teatro Pergola, Firenze and of theTeatro degli Intronati, Siena came at the same time.How strange that in all these years no one thought tolook in at the Soane Museum, London and see whether anyItalian items were to be found there. He would have fouud some. BOOK REVIEWS. FOREIGN OR BRITISHGOODS... WHICH? M There is little doubt that what I havecalled " Producer s Theatre " is likelyto increase its power 99. Ivor Brown. MR. Ivor Brown who is the wellknown critic of the " ManchesterGuardian considers the late LouisCalvert, son of the Manchester Calvert,to have been " a superb actor ". Ishould have called him an able actor,and I think that is what a producerof ability would call him.So that when Mr. Brown tells usthat the Producer's theatre is likely toincrease its power we may be sure ofthis ; that it will be a theatre full ofthe ablest actors, for the superb Keansor Talmas are not easily found or se- cured, and it is, I think, an error totake the adequate to be the superlativelygood.But I do not intend to linger overproducers and their work here butover Mr. Brown and his work.Mr. Brown has been a good criticfor many years in London as well as- in Manchester, and to be a good criticin London for as many weeks is a featfew ever achieveHe is a student and level-headed ;like the good actor he has no feelings, orrather he allows them but littl i licence.It is only when a book like Stani- slawsky's "My Life in Art" reacheshim that he almost seems to kneel.He calls him very justly " one ofthe greatest theatrical artists of all time •Well, I rather fancy Stanislawskymyself. He shares with Reinhardt andAntoine an admiration which I cannotsummon up for the best of goodCalverts, Piteoffs or Bensons.But he is a Russian even as Antoineis a Frenchman and Reinhardt aGerman ; and somehow or other I suspect that the day is over and gonewhen, if we are Englishmen, we canafford ourselves to waste another hourgazing too lovingly at any foreigngoods whatever. Art may be Inter- national ; and any nation which firstsupports and is proud of its best talentin the Theatre can assuredly lookInternationally at the Theatre. Tillit does this it may not.At present we praise too often inStanislawsky and Reinhardt what weignore in our own men: and it is forthis reason that our theatre has fallento fifth place and the Russian andGerman have the first and second.Is not that a good enough reasonwhy we should pause, consider amoment and then drop it?Drop what?Admiration of the Foreigner, simul- taneously with indifference towardsour own men and refusal to supportthem.Let us remember this:— that weEnglish may not be so awfully clever,but we should be quite clever enoughto stop underestimating any of ourTheatre men who are as able asReinhardt and Stanislawsky, andMeyerhold.Are we still too shy to cometogether and create as good a theatreas Reinhardt's or these three ofMoscow ?Weil, the answer is to a greatextent given in this book. We mayfeel that Mr. Brown can be guilty ofexcessive humility when in the presenceof Stanislawsky's book, or represen- tatives of the great man himself, buthe has in this book made ampleamends to himself. He has expressedthe firm conviction that the EnglishAuthor, English Actor and EnglishProducer can work together and noother critic has expressed this better.And I would add that to this triowe must add the dramatic critic.1 am quite sure that Mr. Brown isright: and 1 am as sure that his bookwill do a certain amount of definitegood.It is an exceptional thing to be ableto say this of a work which is only inthe nature of a review of a situati: n;but then it reviews the matter sosteadily and wiih such a fine sense ofthe courtesies, that I feel I do notoverstate but rather understate itsvalue.Yes, English Art and England areto be our thought now. Now thereis indeed no more time to spare foroccupying our thoughts with any fo- reign developments: we have alwayshad ideas enough of our own, ideas which are not solely the realists' orthe expressionists' or any ists; and theyare ideas which have always embracedthose of the author, actor, producer,critic, historian and archeologist, architectand musician.These ideas have been borrowedwholesale by our Russian and Germanfriends. Remember that make anote of it, for it's true.The producers' ideas have neverbeen small ones; they never excludedauthor, actor or anyone, except whenauthors and actors have been rudeand slammed the door on our ideas.But 'tis sometimes impossible to getour friends to understand that wemean well ; and possibly this has an- tagonized the author and actor soviolently against the producer.This book by Mr. Brown goes farto remove this misunderstanding. PARTIES OF THE PLAY by IvorFrown. Ernest Benn. Price S/6. STAGE DECORATION by Shel- don Cheney with 256 Illustrations.The John Day Company, New York•Price $ 10.00. MR. Sheldon Cheney is not likethe usual compiler of theatrebooks ; he has worked in a theatre,and he has kept in touch with thoseworking there,-so that you will notfind in his book any hing which an- noys because of its ignorance of thereal Theatre.Mr. Cheney is one of the ten orfifteen men who, for the last twelveyears, have been closely observing whatis going on in the Theatres of Eu- rope and America. He has been keento issue a few books but he is farkeener watching developments. He isone of the few students of the mo- dern phases of the Theatre who havebegun to lake a serious delight inconnecting them back with the ancientphases.But there are two ways of doingthis, and Mr. Cheney prefers the bet- ter way—the ordinary one being toannounce " New stuff in EuropeanTheatre discovered to be 2000 yearsold Possibly this is the way Ishould write were I a proper sort ofjournalist and unacquainted with the" Manchester Guardian ", or ratherunaware of what it stands for.1 would go it, were 1.... in short, wereI paid to. How delicious to be paidto do the easy thing and to grow richdoing it easily;—why bother? Whyfuss around resisting temptation ; whyhave ideals which don't pay and whichare merely so many bad habits. Whybe like the London Correspondent inthe " Review of Reviews " Dialogue upon 41 Lord Rothermere's great ven- ture " (see 44 Review of ReviewsMarch-April No.) who talks of 44 theglory of the British Press ", its 44 in- dependence ", glowering and growlingat Lord Rothermere aud the Berrysand the others, cursing at the newand so forth.And so it is quite odd to find thisAmerican student, who is also a jour- nalist, abstaining from flashy headlinesand doing his best with all his heart.We often suppose that an Ameiicancannot resist the sensational, but hereis one who does resist it.His book deals with ancient and moderndecors; these he reproduces for us; fromthe three thousand made by the Bi- bienas he selects three ; from the rem- nants left by the Romans and Greekshe takes but six or seven items; fromthe middle ages as many, and so ondown to the present day. Here heselects more, for he rightly supposesthat his readers will want to see moremodern than ancient work.Not only do his researches lead himto pick cut sceneries which fitted intoany stage, but also whole stages intowhich everything else had to fit, suchas the Olimpico at Vicenza and Co- peau s stage—stages which were moreor less scenes in themselves.In short, the book is a review ashort quick review —of what has beendene about decors since the time of/Eschylus.It is, at the same time, [an appen- dix to Dr. Nicoll's 44 The Develop- ment of the Theatre " issued towardsthe end of last year.that volume it goes to provethat the people who want their stagesempty of all sceneries have been sofew that they have at no time pre- vailed over those who held the moresensible notion, that of having all thedecors you want. It shows that plentyof decors can be austere and distin- guished without any rabid display ofpuritanisni.It shows that actors and authors allthe world over have always welcom- ed as a gay ally the d&amp;or whichhelped things along.It shows that never once has thedecorator dreamed of seizing the reinsa fear recently expressed by a fewcritics.It shows that when Decors reachedtheir most fantastic development, theactors or singers were always equal tothe situation, enjoyed working in themiast of such delightful surroundings,ana frever felt they were in any waybeing pushed out by these decors.in ract, if the book had been made only to prove this, it would succeed :but it will achieve more, for it willhelp us to understand something stillrather vague to many of us: re, thevast difference between the man ofthe theatre, the dilettante snd thetheorist.The work of all three is to befound side by side, and Mr. Cheneyleaves you to discern which is which.It was a courteous thing to do, forit allows those of us who know athing or two to show how clever wecan be. RACHEL by James Agate. GeraldHowe Ltd. Price 3/6.ORIGIN AND DEVELOPMENTOF LIGHT OPERA by SterlingMackinlay M. A. Hutchinson &amp; Co.Price 21/- net. WITH all the pretty tunes by Offen- bach, Lecocq and Sullivan ring- ing in his eais, Mr. Mackinlay takesup his pen, keeps his head—or ratherhis seat and—gets through to the end ofhis book of 292 pages apparentlywithout once going out for a drink—a drink of music. He must be astoic.For it seems to me that to writeabout enchantment and go on writingand not turn aside, not fling pen andpaper to the winds and not becomeenchanted, is a feat to be achievedonly with the exercise of great self- control.And the result is that he is able tohand us one of the most delightfultheatre books that has been writtenfor ever so long.I regret to see my old friend LovatFraser's name omitted from the carefulreport on 44 The Beggar's Opera " andI hardly think Mr. Mackinlay is rightwhen he states on page 63 that 44 inMonteverdi s earlier days permanenttheatres did not exist any more thanpermanent orchestras ". Of the or- chestras I can say nothing, but assu- redly some permanent theatres existedin Italy and we have records of a fewof these.Buontalenti built his Teatro de' Me- dici in Florence in 1583; that is tosay&gt; when Monteverdi was sixteenyears old; and in 1578 the TeatroOlimpico at Vicenza was being built.In 1560, seven years before Monte- verdi was born, Bartolommeo Neronierected il Teatro in Siena, and Man- t°va and Ferrara had their theatrestoo by that time. In Mantova, forexample, in the year 1608 Vianini the ar- chitect built 44 The New Ducai Thea- tre " especially for the 44 Arianna " of Monteverdi, and this New Theatrewas necessary because in 1591 theTeatro in the Corte Vecchio hadbeen burnt, and it's not possible toburn a theatre which don't exist.But except for a rare few errorsdropped by the author to save ourfaces, the book sparkles with eruditionand charm, and I am eager to get aglimpse of another of his books, 44 Gar- cia the Centenarian and his TimesMr. Mackinlay is not one of thoseauthors who writes books on subjectswhich have been already exhausted ;he takes a new road when he sets cutto naake a book, and I wish a fewmore historians of the Theatre would.follow his example, as I for one amtired of new books on Rachel, Gar- rick, the Greek Stage, Shakespeareand his Fellows, and the rest of it.Until Mr. Mackinlay gave us this book,he tells us that 44 no history of LightOpera had been writtenSo the laurels to Mr. Mackinlay,for he is one of the few English- men who are really doing somethingto help our countrymen to a betterknowledge of the Theatre.I said just now that I was tired ofnew books on Rachel and others; butI discover 1 am not,—not when I geta really good one, and Mr. Agate'slittle book on Mile. Jelid re Rachel(though he don't give us her realname) is entirely delightful.The booklet of 80 pages could notpossibly be better done.The author discerns Rachel's placein the midst of a revolutionary move- ment and makes her position clear tous ....that she was a reactionary, andso splendid a one, that the age took herto be in ihe very van of revolution.Agate tells us the story of her ca- reer and sketches in something of heramours.Her amours interest me because, likeyou, 1 have quite a sniffy dash of cu- riosity in me ; and besides this I amalways eager to discover in the hun- dred lives of actresses one who hadno amours. Good actresses, I mean.So far 1 have not made much head- way but I shall go on. AdrienneLecouvreur and Mrs Oldfield standout as considerable ladies by the sideof many of their sisters and Rachelcertainly does not.She was a guttersnipe, like grandold Edmund Kean ; and so it followsas the night the day Mile. Georges wasa bit jealous of her : 44 I have beenas big an actress as Rachel " shesaid Victor Hugo, 44 and as great awhore , and one hears her saying itand sees her as she says it. Rachel was certainly no great lady,but that was not her fault. You needhouses for training and disciplining suchbits of genius like Rachel, and, till you.provide them, you mustn't go and seethe Rachels act and damn their cha- racters as you come out after agood cry.In the East I am told they providesuch houses— which is all to the good.As ror Rachel, she had no way ofmanaging herself and at the same timeremaining a valuable actress of genius—at least she found no way.One of her friends took her totask—an old friend, a Mme. who wrote her that she was broken- hearted to learn from all the reportsthat she was behaving outrageously ;she told her to break off her liason or,she said, 44 you will fallNow she didn t fall; she continuedto rise, and she rose to be one of thegreatest actresses of the age. For allthis, Mme Ristori who was as great(if not greater!) rose without such as- sistance.Rachel rather loved the underworld.She loved V^ron—44 a blackguardMr. Agate calls him. He was; and,as she was a doxy, so they were wellmatched. She treated him as badlyas he treated her. If she did not sur- pass him in dastardliness it was onlythat he got in first with it. Had hefailed tof she would have certainly notfailed to score.The story as told by Mr. Agate isa delight.I admit that curiosity is a low viceand so we who read with pleasureare all of us en famille with Veronand Rachel; —let us not be rude totbern lest they combine and serve uswith our deserts.I have said that Rachel was nogreat lady ; yet she behaved better toall her lovers than many another suchguttersnipe has done, for 44 on herdeath-bed she had the generosity tosend back to their writers all theirlove-letters *\There is much about money inthese brief eighty pages.By the way, I hope Mr. Agatewill some day give us a big volumeon this actress, for no one could do itbetter, and there must be some six hun- dred people who would treasure sucha volume, packed with historical data,replete with illustrations, and issued atthree guineas. Rachel deserves some- thing de luxe.She also des rves all Mile. George'shustling. 4# What keePs Rachel inthe public eye " said Georges 44 isthe champagne she drinks, the life she leads. and the moneyed fools whoflock round her. Let her lead a de- cent life for a couple of months andnobody will remember that she exists ".Not that Rachel thought that ofherself, She was full of outraged in- nocence : 44 if " she wrote, 44 if, forone moment, I thought how gravelyCalumny had injured me in your re- gard.,.. 44 and so forth.The others ....they were open toher criticism, herself an injured lamb.In this respect the actresses havethe pull over their brothers. EdmundKean could never have posed as ahinjured lamb.But the women do : it's most extraor- dinary.Look in all those books, the 44 Re- miniscences "or 44 Life ", books by wo- men performers, and you will notethat they begin by saying that theyintend, for the first time in the His- tory of the World, to tell the truthabout themselves and their amours and before twenty pages are gone wesee that all they intend to do is towhitewash themselves while telling liesabout everyone else.Rachel did one excellent good thingshe abstained from writing such abook. And so the luckiest thing hap- pens to her:—Mr. Agate writes itfor her. THE COMPLETE WORKS OFSIR JOHN VANBRUGH Editedby Bonamy Dobree and GeoffreyWebb. Four volumes. The None- such Press London W. C. Price£3.3.0 (only 1300 sets issued). IF you want a fine book admirablycomposed, excellently well printed,perfectly edited, and bound as well asa book can be bound, here you haveone —or rather four: and four personshave conspired to make it a fine book.Vanbrugh, Dobr£e, Webb, Meynellassisted by his composi'ors and printersall laboured to make these British Playsa model of how to do it.Some day I hope they will com- bine again and give us the works andletters of Sir George Etherege. Hisletters are, I believe, as yet unpub- lished, and rest in the British Mu- seum.Etherege is the man of all thoseplaywriters of the Restoration age. Noteven Congreve deserves better of us.And Etherege is the very man for Mey- nell, Dobr£e and Webb.These volumes' pages measure 10 x7 */2 inches : it is a large format fittingto this architect-dramatist who builtlargely and wrote with his elbows. The work could not be possiblybetter edited or more clearly arranged.Each play is preceded by a page, orthree or four, of its Theatrical His- tory, and followed by some pages ofTextual Notes and some ExplanatoryNotes.In this Vanbrugh it's impossible notto find all you search for and to findit at once.Besides the three volumes of Plays,is one volume of Vanbrugh's Letterswith an able and not too long Intro- duction by Mr Webb, wherein, alas,he tells me what 1 feared, . ..that ofthe New Opera House, Vanbrugh* sgreat theatre in the Hay market, verylittle is known respecting its architectureexcept that the acoustics were defective—and that we are too often told aboutmost play and opera houses.To those of us who would so muchlike to know all about this Hay mar- ket building the information is de- pressing.Has a proper search been made forthe original drawings ?Have people hunted in the obviousplaces those museums and collectionswhich we pass daily in our walks andfail to note, merely because we knowthem so well from the outside.Of some of Vanbrugh's huge spraw- ling Country Houses for the nobility,we are given reproductions of plans orviews—and they help to adorn thesebooks.Did Vanbrugh never make a draw- ing worth preserving—with somethingspirited ? Was he dull ?Vanbrugh and Juvarra lived pre- cisely at the same time. Both werearchitects, both worked in theatres :as architects each loved to sprawland to build the largest of countryhouses for wealthy and grandiose pa- trons : but whereas Juvarra poured outthousands of pen and ink and washdrawings of projects for houses, chur- ches, theatres, sceneries, it would seemthat Vanbrugh hardly made one.No one of his sketches is in thesevolumes. Again I ask, where are thesesketches and the more careful draw- ings?.,. so that we may prove how muchmore brilliant Vanbrugh was than heseems.I must admit a powerful drawinggets me: I wonder whether Van everdrew anything for the Duchess ofMarlborough when she WJS gettingsnappish. I see my Juvarra doing that :I see the easy fingers creating wonderswith the pen of Sarah Jenning, that41 wicked woman of Marlb. " and 1see the wicked woman utterly spell- bound. In fact I see Juvarra a very grealsuccess in the England of Queen Anne,whereas Vanbrugh wasn't. He buill—he wrote but I wouldn't call alithat any more of a success than oldCharing Cross Bridge was a success,or the plays of Baife's better half.That is mere getting on.Vanbrugh was, in short, a ponde- rously dull activity, and the only thingwhich may have been lively washis Opera House of which we knownothing.What a pity we do not know moreof that Opera Flouse poor old Van.But in spite of this, his Letters arereplete with information priceless tothis Historian of the Stage.Written in his lop boots and ob- viously with a chisel, they may sprawland clatter, but the information isthere, and this renders these volumesworth every penny they cost, and theycost practically nothing about 16/- avolume.I don't know how the publisherscan issue volumes so superbly accou- tred at such a price. REPRESENTA TIVE WOMEN. ASeries published by Gerald Home Ltd.23 Soho Square, London. 3/6 each. IF one may judge of any series ofvolumes by the first two whichcome to hand, then one can say ofthis series that ii is very interesting.The two volumes which reachedme were on Rachel U) and MaryShelley.Being dramatically bent, I meanbent down to the grindstone of thedramatic world, one naturally welcomeswith the usual grimace another bookon the stage Rachel came as anaccursed blessing ; but «• Mary Shel- ley " one promised oneself most hear- tily one would not read. That comesof being too particularly of theI heatre; one means no disrespect toother walks of life, least of all theLiterary walk of Poets and their wives,but one has no time to wander ;one must keep to one's path, up anddown and up and down it again.Cram alley !Yet there is ever a half hour to sparewhen one is allowed off, and I thenalways look around in case a poet ora painter, an essayist or some otherfree man is wandering near by, andthen 1 join him for my half hour offreedom.And so it was that I came to pickup this volume on Mrs Shelley, and I read it with interest from page I topage 91 : all these books are but afew pages in length. Excellent IFor the first time it was made quiteclear to me who was this same MaryShelley and who was Claire and whoHarriet, Mrs Clairmont and Jane Wil- liams ; for, though I already knew fiveor six books about Shelley and hisfriends, I had never once received aclear statement as to who W3S who inthis circle.Mr. Richard Church is as clear aa writer as any I know,Being so far away from London Ihave to admit that it is the first limeI have come across his name : doubt- less he is occupied writing down forus the lives of all those other personsabout whom their biographers haveconfused us.1 would give much for Mr. Churchto write the life of Anne Oldfield,Mrs. Bellamy and Mademoiselle duTh 6 presuming that Mr. Agate isnot going to do so.The 1 ives of actresses are seldomclearly written ; one rambles on andone has to be sympathetic or go tosleep : and that is why I'd like tohave Mr. Church's booklets on theseladies, for then all would be clearfor the first time.But here I am supposing Mr. Churchto have plenty of time to spare, andwilling to " suffer love *# for theseladies and write the lives of the thirtymost representative performers that havelived.I suggest among others Isabella An- dreini, Adrienne Lecouvreur, Ann Old- field, Mrs. Bellamy, Clairon, Duche- nois, Mars, Mrs. Barry, Mile, du Th£,Ristori, Fraule.n Jagemann, Miss Wal- stcin, Theresa Imer, La Gabrielli, Labarberina, Salle, Dervieux, Deschampsor Le . Due, Dugazon, Prevost, DuPare, de Maupin, Champmesl£, Charke,Raucourt and Sancta Stella.Mr. Church turns - away—he doesnot like the look of the company ; hefeels a little out of it; may be this isbecause he feels that he must havesome fine figure of a poet such asShelley walking in and out of his pic- ture to make the task worth his while.If so, then he will have Goethe withthe Jagemann, Racine with the Champ- mesle, Moli£re with Du Pare, Frede- rick the Great with La Barberina, theMargrave of Arispach with Claironand Voltaire with Adrienne. As forIsabella Andreini, she is surrounded bythe most brilliant men of the age andwas, 1 have ever supposed, one of themost admirable women of her time.But no one has made it clear to me what any of these women actuallywere, did, thought, felt or saw, for Ido not read French, German or Ita- lian with any ease, and besides, onlyMr. Agate or Mr. Church could make,it all clear in eighty p&amp;gcs.Though I have yet to read theeighty page booklets by Mr. SackviileWest, Francis Birrell and Miss Ada *Harrison' on Aphra Behn, La Du- chesse du Maine and Cristina di Sve- zia, I look forward with eagerness tofind them as good as these first two. 0) Fy James Agate, reviewed on pg. 78. SCENES AND SILHOUETTESby D. L. Murray. Jonathan Cape.Price 9/- net.0 REPRINTED from "The Times"," The Nation " and •• TheAthenaeum and other magazines,these papers on scenic things andthings political, historical, literary andecclesiastical make up a very readablebook of three hundred pages or more,which Mr. Cape has printed andbound to perfection, and all for nineshillings.The volume reaches us rather latein the day but better late than never,for Mr. Murray is one of the criticsin England who take the Theatre andits Drama seriously, and, who in doingso, do not depress us too much.He is generally pretty right in whathe says; for example, when he protestsagainst the method employed by Jessnerwhen producing Shakespeare's Ri- chard 111.Mr. Murray is forced to witnessthis production, (which was given inBerlin and was a quite famous pro- duction) through a report of it, andon the strength or weakness ofthis report to report Jessner andhis cause aright to the unsatisfied. Itstands to reason that he cannot do 'that. The report Mr. Murray pro- nounces on is that by Mr. MacGowanand Mr. Jones of America who didsee the production as they rushedthrough Europe seeing dozens of pro- ductions in eight or ten lands in avery short space of time.The thing is not fair on Jessner ofcourse, but let us accept it as fair andsre what Mr. Murray has to complain• • • . Jessner's complaint (ifhe ever made one) is unheeded andquite right too fair play is alwaysour motto and the critics seldomget fair play. I m a critic myself.Well, Mr. Murray says that Jessner'smethod buries Shakespeare's play " ina shroud of emotional symbolismand but *' little of the delicate interplay 'of character and motive is left ", and he doesn t like this and he is quiteright.So right is he, and he some fivehundred miles from the spot where,the show took place, that it will occurto you that a new era is dawning fordramatic critics. Why doesn't thecritics Circle of London employ someable enthusiast like MacGowan and anable draughtsman like Mr. Jones toattend the last four rehearsals of everypiece: to write and print a vividaccount of the methods employed,the effect aimed at and achieved, andbroadcast this round to the eighty orninety Dramatic Critics of England ingood time and let these men pro- nounce on the report seated by theirfireside. The best of the originalsketches for the production could betelegraphed and sent round to themall and thus they would not beforced to wear themselves out attendingevery first night merely for the sakeof the alibi.And for the first time in their careersthey could consider themselves a little.If Mr. Murray hadn't summed upat a distance so accurately aboutJessner without seeing the show Iwould not dream of suggesting this,for I should have known that mysuggestion would have been taken forfantastic and unpractical theorizing.Bui since he has done so well withso little to go on, why shouldn't weall have a try at it that way.Mr. Murray is I think right. Thismethod of stagery does do great harmto Shakespeare's plays. The Shake- speare wonders dwindle and disappear.And no one in his senses wants that.Now as everyone of the people whoscramble to get a seat to see Shake- speare played night after night in ourLondon are in their senses thepassionate rush to see and hear hispiays proves it all of us are andmust be against any and every methodof production but the right one.Now what is that?I don't want to take your mind andMr. Murray's mind off that point so Iwill say no more on it for the moment,merely promising Mr. Murray myundying support and cooperation ifever he can evolve such a methodand put it in writing, or even pointto such a method. It will long agohave appealed to the people whocrowd in their millions to hear and tosee the lovely works of Shakespeareperformed.It has presumably been tried, this44 right way ". I take it it can't havebeen slurred over. I happen to knowthe right way. Only I would like to hear Mr. Murray explain to us allwhat that way is. It's not to beeasily explained, I admit, but it'sexplainable.It's not Irving's way, not Poel'sway, not Barker's way; not the OldVic way or the Playfair way, andit s not the Thorndike-Casson orBridges Adams way; it cannot be anyof these ways for they have recentlybeen tried and tried again.It must be a far more popular waythan all these and at the same time away which will satisfy the spirit ofShakespeare.So tell us what is this RIGHTway, Mr Murray.The author of this pleasant bookis less happy when he comes to writeof Lord Byron. Quoting from 44 Man- fred " he sums him up:" This should have beenanoble creature....• . • . . * as it isIt is an awful chaos—light and darknessAnd mind and dust and passions and purethoughtsMix}d} and contending zuithout end ororder—All dormant or destructive: he willperish ".and, adds Mr. Murray, 44 That is allwe C3n say of Byron as a manMy Lord Bishop of Durham, HerbertHensley Henson, in his noble essay onByron is able by the grace of God tosay more: '* Praise and blame are alike unfit- -44 ting in presence of a career so enig- -44 rnatic and so mighty. Give me44 leave to adapt his own words" about44 his favourite among the ancients,11 A!cibiade3, and apply them to" himself:- Yet upon the whole it may be44 doubted, whether there be a name44 of modern times which comes to us44 with such a general charm as that44 of Byron. Why? I cannot answer:44 who can? "Mr. Murray is almost one of ourbest critics, and I expect that beforelong he will be quite one of our best. SIXTEEN DESIGNS FOR THETHEATRE by Albert Rulherston.Oxford University Press. Price fourand a half guineas net. E. G. C. MR. Rutherston'S book is not cheap.It is perfectly printed on thevery best paper and quite worth itsfour and a half guineas. It doesn't setout to be a popular book, only 475numbered copies are for sale, and Ionly hope that, out of the £ 2297which will come in if every copy besold, the admirable artist will get aproper share. As a rule the artist gets far toolittle.We suppose him roiling in wealth.We say 44 look at this,—here's hisbook just out—costs four and a halfguineas. There are 475 copies: thatmeans £ 2297 on a rough calculation.Fancy Rutherston getting all thatNow follow me a moment.Suppose the cost of making thisfine book, its paper, its collotypes, itsprinters, its binding and binders take£ 500 of that sum. Suppose another£ 500 goes to the trade, ie, is splitup in small percentages to the book- sellers, book-forwarders, bookc-arriersand book-carriers' horses, to the bookboomers and any book bunkumiteswho are hanging around.Then deduct £ 250 for copies notsold but sent 44 for favour of review ".This all mounts up ; it reaches thesum of £ 1250 :that we will say onlyleaves about £ 1 000 over. The OxfordUniversity Press takes something—ldon't want to suppose how little,- sothat what's over for our poor artist ?Believe me, jolly little.There are sixteen designs in thebook, fourteen for costumes and twofor scenes,The costumes are charming and char- mingly drawn in. They lean towardsthe pictorial rather than the dramatic.If I see a sketch for a costume I wantto be able to say at once withoutlooking at any index 44 That's for44 Macbeth , yes, and for the porterin Macbeth : or 44 that's for Laertes inAct V. of Hamlet". I should be puz- zled to guess correctly about these Ru- therston costumes.As for the two scenes, I should beas much at sea. What play or operathey could be for I could not guess.But believe me, they are most beau- tiful scenes, and quite the thing for afine theatre—if we had one fine enough.They are just' right for a ballet, per- haps one would do for a play byShakespeare, but not 44 for Androclesand the Lion '* as one of them islabelled.There is another thing I dislike:44 to hang in folds " says the directionof the designer.Never would I allow any artist asfine as this one to spoil his own workby attempting to be courteous in thistragic way to our difficult stage.I would have asked Mr. Ruther- ston to allow the scenes to be hungwithout one crease -to do what heliked to them but not to kill thembecause he felt it was 4i best to be onthe safe side ".After they had been used I would have hung them round my studio underslabs of glass and turned my studiointo one of the most decorative artist sfoyers conceivable.I would never have allowed themto vanish.Let us thank the Oxford UniversityPress that it has reproduced themboth as large folding plates—for theyare two of the loveliest scenes theBritish Stage has to boast of. THE COMIC AND THE REA- LISTIC IN ENGLISH DRAMAby John B. Moore. Unioersity ofChicago Press. Price dollars 2. TO Mr. Moore the thought ofunalleviated five-act comic dramais essentially unpractical. Mr. Moore'stheory is that it is so, and theoreticallyI am tempted to side with Mr. Mooretill I remember that I have seen athree and a half hours comic dramaunrelieved by anything at all grim orgrey or even realistic and I am nolonger on Mr. Moore's side.1 leave my theory with him whileI stop to ruminate once more on what1 enjoyed in a theatre no longer thanfour years ago.I regret the labour given by Mr.Moore to the preparation of this littlework: 1 regret the work itself: becauseI know that if he had lived in an age oreven in a land where real people weretrained in the right way and notin the wrong way, trained to feel,to see, to think and to know avery great deal before they wereallowed to begin to write a book, Ifeel that Mr. Moore would have bythis time taken up some other job orwritten something with imagination in it.Mr. Moore' 9 book lacks all imagi- nation. He is like a hundred otherswho are writing books, and writingthem on Dramatic or Theatrical themes.I can't blame Mr. Moore but I cursethe syslem which has killed his bookfor him,American or English Universitieswhich have no mother wit in theircomposition are wretched institutionsand are doing a great deal of harm.Commonsense, where are you thatyou cannot force an entry into suchinstitutions and rouse them to betteraction? You are growing weak, Com- monsenre IBut it s Mr. Moore's fault, notours cries the Institution, 44 we can'thelp it if one of our scholars is a foolBut Mr. Moore is no fool he isa clever man, a most industrious man,and an excellent example of fidelity. Had I been in your University ofChicago I would have roused Luciferor Apollo, the Muses nine or eventhe ordinary deuce in Mr. Moore,and damm6, you've allowed him tobe dull just because you yourselveshadn't any understanding of the impor- tance of training the imagination.Why, a jockey couldn't be taughthow to ride if he were put throughsuch a wretched systematic non-trainingas almost all your institutions put theirmen through.But go it, Mr. Moore don't bedown-hearted: one big fall helps alot, and we wish you well at yournext fence.There is a little book by a certainJames Rhoades published by John Lanecalled 44 The Training of the Imagina- tion '. It consists of forty pages oftext and is the size of a ready reckoner.It is the printed version of an ad- dress delivered in 1885 to an audienceconsisting exclusively of public schoolmasters.Rhoades confesses to some misgivingsabout publishing it. But men searchingto get to grips with a real method ofexplaining the wonders they have comeacross in their research and studiesneed have no misgiving about gettingthis shilling book, for those whohave not been lucky in getting helptowards that imaginative state into whichit has pleased God to call the happierones will find there nearly all theywant and lack. SHADOWS OF THE OLDBOOKSELLERS by Charles Knight,with Preface by Stanley Unwin.Peter Davies Ltd. Price 6/- net. 441T is recorded that the manuscript of* Robinson Crusoe passed throughthe whole trade before it could find apurchaser ". THIS brief fact extracted from oneof the essays in this most agreablevolume is vivid, is it not?Suppose a work of equal merit bySir James Barrie for example; supposeit should have to drag round Londonto find any publisher interested enoughto pay a few pounds for it, would notthe dailypapers appear with indignantheadlines ?44 SIR. J. M. BARRIE INSULTEDGREA T A UTHOR'S WORKREJECTED BY /5 PUBLISHERS.SOCIETY OF AUTHORS TAKES ACTION.De Foe was nearly sixty years of agewhen Robinson Crusoe was beingshunted from publisher to publisher.How is it th&lt;it he was treated in this way while, to Sir James, the townpays reverence and fat percentages?Well, you will learn more of thismatter in this book: you will learnhow the great writers of those days„behaved: something of the dignity oftheir calling comes out as you gropeamong the shadows of these oldbooksellers.The story of Samuel Richardson,printer, ...one of our writers not afraidto work for a living and write for hislife, is told here delightfully as theage in which he lived reveals itself,showing us that dear Old which even now had best be ourmodel for the future if we are tohave any future worth considering.American methods are bully; forAmerica they are just the finest pos- sible: but for England I should saythey were harmful.Grace, even the rudest grace, is anyday more becoming to England thanthe bully methods of the States: andto follow the European, and, wherepossible, the British tradition in allthings is not unbecoming, nor so stupidneither; to attempt to adopt the Ame- rican lack of tradition is to flirt withbankruptcy.To render England bankrupt shouldbe the very last wish of any whbremember its ancient grace and com- monsense. But who does?This is what you will be continuallyreminded of if you sit in the corner ofone of our old bookseller's shops andcommune even but slightly with its -shadows. HA WKERS AND WALKERSIN EARLY AMERICA by Ri- chardson Wright• 68 Illustrations.Lippincott Co. John St• Adelphi;London. Price 2] j- net. THAT old Yankee jingle whichgoesCharles the First hawked and walkedHalf an hour after his head was cut off**and which refers to a trick act whichCharlie Chaplin put into one of hisfilms, testifies to us how originalAmerica can be.But this book deals not with celebri- ties so famous as Charlie the first: itoffers us every kind of Hawker, allsorts of Walkers omitting Walker,London.Here for the first time we get aglimpse of things which no one inEurope ever suspected existed:— TheYankee Pedlar, The Artist as anItinerant, Terpsichore Perambulant, thenursemaid dancer, presumably. Chap Books, Street cries, and one and allso original.44 Scissors to grind JJingle, Jingle, goes the BellAny Razors or Scissors,Or Penknives to grind?I'll engage that my workShall be done to your mindand above the verse is a little wood- cut which, unless you are ridiculouslyinclined to credit England for all thechap-book cuts, you will acknowledgeas genuinely American.But even if you are not in searchof originality, you can find in this booka good deal which will interest you,provided Hawking and Walking takesyou. If not, then riding and drivingor sailing down rivers perhaps: andthis volume has some pleasant designsof coaches, boats, et cetera.A reproduction of an Americanstage-coach is particularly interestingeven though it may, for all I know,resemble line for line a French stage- coach.There is a chapter on Circus andTheatre which will please some of ourreaders, and any Little Theatre canlearn from it exactly what to do, ifthey have only a company of eightactors and wish to perform Sheridan's44 Pizarro " which has in it from seven- teen to twenty-five characters.Mr. Sol Smith, the well knownAmerican actor, will show themhow to do it; —hi? speciality wasLittle Theatres and Big Plays. He'd' take six to ten parts himself, give twoapiece to some three or four others,and ring up the curtain. His actorswould each get about two dollars foran evening's show if there were twodollars to spare.His roles in 44 Pizarro" were:1. High Priest of the Sun2. Almagro a Spanish officer3. Blind Man4. Sentinel5 Valverde, secretary, and,6. Guards.Not six guards perhaps, only two,his right side and his left side: butSol Smith had ideas; not the ideasof Reinhardt or Dantchenko, but whatthe public would recognize as goodold Smith ideas .... ideas which hadbeen in the family for centuries.But if you like what you read invMr. Wright's book about So! Smithget down your 44 Romance of theAmerican Theatre " by M. C. Craw- ford and you'll find more about himthere, for Miss Crawford supplies usas a rule with what the other Hi- storians of American Theatres are apt to pass over; but I have oftenmeant to ask this authoress why shedates Rachel's death as falling onJanuary sth. THE BEAUTIFUL VAMPIRE{La Morte Amoureuse) by IheophileGautier. Translated by Paul Hookham.A. M. Philpoi Ltd, Price 5/- AS I read no French, this transla- tion delights me, for too seldomare Gautier's writings handed on tous group of outcasts, we monoton- gued.Neither' do I know much aboutthis French writer, who was born in thePyranees and died in unhappy circum- stances in Paris. So that the Intro- duction by M. Gustave Rudler ishighly pleasing—all but the old fib.It has been spotted in three differentbooks reviewed or quoted from in44 The Mask" in the last five yearsso you will already know the fib I amcoming to is that of the red waistcoat. Itwas a pink waistcoat. But I won'trepeat what others have said but willonly draw your attention to the remarksabout said waistcoat on Page 171 ofthe last volume of 44 The Mask ".Gautier was twenty-five years ofage when he wrote these pages whichappear to be so easily imagined andwritten, about one who might not loveyet did so love: who, dwelling in thedusk and in coldness dreams his wayinto another existence.To read at fifty what this youngman wrote at twenty-five is to me ofparticular importance, for we wereborn on the same day, August 31 st,he in 181 1, I in 1878. I am twenty- five years older than he today,and, adding the difference of dateswhich is sixty-seven years, I am bythis calculation ninety-two years older.This has more to do with theenjoyment of this tale than it may atfirst appear to have. I think that noyoung man could enjoy this tale quiteso well as 1 have done. I delighted tosee the daring of twenty-five, yet theease and distinction with which headvanced, the prodigal way in whichhe poured all the resources of his richimagination into this tale about nothingin particular.Are such young men being bornthese days ? any Ganders. Hugos, Du- mas or de Mussets? 1 his is not aparticularly sane age into which anyyoung genius should be invited to step.Eighteen hundred and eleven was afterall 1811.The world still had farms and far- mers; it was obliged therefore to yield us fresh milk and good eggs; it still bakedgood sweet bread—and what butter andwhat cheeses 1 Horse 3 came prancing intothe world unafraid of the competitionof cog wheels, their fathers and unclesstill champing about Blenheim andRamillies, the youngsters getting readyto draw the chariots in the Processionat the Christening of the King ofRome, after which parade, off to winsome spur pricks at Borodino.At such a time genius delights tobe born, and Gautier shows his de- light. Listen how he begins his tale:you would never guess that anyonecould begin a tale as he does, that isto say, in the right way.44 You ask me, brother, if I haveloved ; yes. It is a strange and terriblestory, and although I am sixty-six yearsold, I scarcely dare to stir the ashesof that memory."How much the translation loses forme I will not thank any one to tellme: I am quite happy as I am: I amgrateful to Mr. Paul Hookham (spiteof a name which he should never usein his work any more) and I thinkthat there can be few better translatorsliving. 44 V/OLFGANG AMADEUS MO- ZART" by Dyneley Hussey. KeganPaul &amp; Co London. Price 7/6 net. A Pleasant Tittle volume about theusual tragedy.It is not a book for those few menand women who can recognize geniusand appreciate the arts : it is for thepublic and costs seven and six-pence.In it the public will learn all aboutthe great musician who, thanks to thepublic, was " a prophet without ho- nour ", I quote from the author.Meditating even briefly upon theenchanting music of this Maestro, won- der soon is roused that the public waspermitted to destroy him so soon. Hedied at thirty-five. He had but halfdone his work ; it was good work ;why permit the public to destroy him ?For it was not those with appreciationwho let him die ; they were merelyhelpless; it was the others—the public.To day the same scandal is permit- ted ; musicians, painters, writers, archi- tects, are all pestered to death ; whenwill the silly waste, the tragic stupi- dity, be controlled ? artists are not anymore numerous to-day than yesterday.It is easily within the power ofmankind to encourage the growth ofall artists instead of tormenting them.Great and small should all be preser- ved, encouraged, developed, allowedto do their work, ....Why not ? Why n0t.... there is no reply.But the reason they are killed off(and I don't exaggerate) is that worksof art need as much sustenance aspuppies. I have two puppies, and themother, a rough and tumble dog, doesher best. She had eight, and onlytwo have survived. But even therethe two get bumped and terrified todeath by her savage old way. Sheis a dear old dog, lovable and fierce.But she is only a dog. You are menand women, and all these puppies,these artists of yours, are in daily ter- ror of what is coming next; eitheryou put one of your feet on them, oryou sit on them, and, finding they aredead, you eat their bodies.I suggest that it is time for thewhole matter, a spiritual matter, a matteraffecting the souls of millions of peopleto be enquired into. If you failto enquire into this your own soul,may you be eternally damned is mysincere and hearty wish after readingthis life of Mozart. Dr. CHARLES BURNEY'S CON- TINENTAL TRAVELS 1770-1772. Compiled by Cedric HowardGlover. Blackie and Son. Price 10/6. NOT as valuable to the student asthe whole Burney reprint wouldhave been, this book of extracts willdoubtless prove very entertaining to awider public.Burney's records are interesting andoften very exact, but his statementthat the 1770 Theatre in Milano hada hundred boxes in each of its fiverows puzzles me. If he refers to theTeatro Ducale, a hundred is incorrect,for that playhouse had about thirty-sixin each row, and 1 cannot suppose herefers to any other. 1 never yet cameacross any theatre, old or new, with ahundred boxes in each row. He alsomentions a Palazzo Simonetto : it shouldbe Simonetta, the palace of the surprisingecho.Sound, music, singing, opera, allthese set the old man travelling aroundFrance and Italy, and everywherestops he goes to the theatre ; for,on the continent, it has been a tradi- tion for many centuries to include operaas part and parcel of the term Thea- tre : their theatre is in two parts, Tea- tro Lirico and Teatro di Prcsa.In England not long since a brightlad asked in the columns of the presswhether one can quite justly includeopera as part of the theatre:.... it'sthe fog which gets into the brains ofpeople who ask questions like this.But to Dr. Burney again. When he visits a theatre he followsGeorge Jean Nathan's advice and lookson it as a theatre before the curtainrises on the Drama or the Opera. Sohe takes stock of the place and putsdown what strikes him as to the size,effect, customs of the special theatrehe is in : and, when correct, as he ismore often than not, he is of greatvalue to us today.With the travel records of La Landeand de Brosses, Goethe and Smart,lie forms a small mine of informationuseful to architects who complain ofnot being able to find sufficient infor- mation about the 1 heatre constructionof Italy.44 The Mask " has vdone much tosupply all the valuable information itssmall amount of space will permit of,as 1 know by reading 41 The Maskand I am grateful to those who havetaken such trouble in this matter, and inan age when people seem so indifferent.Burney was not a good traveller sohe often was most uncomfortable, andquite unnecessarily so. This puts meagainst a bock of travels unless it bealso a book of hairsbreadth adventures ;and Burney doesn't travel for ad- ventures ; he travels for the arts, andshould go a bit more easily to quiteplease us as we read.He has a number of wise reports tomake on Melastasio, and amusing oneson the splendour of the wax lights atthe Naples Theatre which are 44 toomuch for the aching si ght ".Well worth reading, after all, theseextracts, and the book is a very nicelyprinted book. ADVERTISEMENT DESIGN byR. P. Gossop. Chapman and HallLtd. Price 21 /- net. NEVER were so many good booksbeing issued as now on this sub- ject of Pictorial Advertisement andthe value of Design to the Advertiser.Our author, Mr. Gossop, (a veryable artist) concerns himself mainlywith British work, crowding one gooddesign after another into his pages,some being in the most brilliant co- lours, and makes of the volume a thingworth having merely to look at. It ispeculiarly entertaining to have a lookat the hoardings for the first time al- though we have passed them daily fora year.But the value of the book is toadvertisers. Here they have a refe- rence book of the best kind. Withthe 44 Studio " publications it formsalmost an Encyclopaedia of modernadvertising possibilities. By the way, isn't it time the Thea- tre managers moved forward in thismatter of Design 7 If the NaturalHistory Museum can use such a designas that facing page 147 and the-Underground Railways employ Mr.Paul Woodroffe as they did in 1926,and other Railways get a design fromR. P. Gossop, whose plate (facepage 108) is delightful, and the RoyalMail Line employ Mr. Taylor (facepage 112), surely the Theatre can doas well if not better than all these.But they should first go to consult Mr.Gossop so as to do it thoroughly.There are dozens of artists for theadvertiser to select from.T. C. Derrick designs very prettythings, and Fred Pegram is alwaysdelightful. E. McKnight Kauffer isvivid, as all London should know bythis time.What does the 1 heatre want ?....pretty, delightful or vivid ?—it asoften as not selects an ineffective de- sign.Perhaps it doesn't quite grasp theworth of these things. I take it that£ 100.0.0 would not be too muchto pay the artist for a really gooddesign. .. though a clever youngstershould be happy to get £ 1 5.0.0.It's so often this doubt about theprice and who to ask which dampsthe gunpowder..., and thus the Thea- tre fails to get quite as good as itdeserves to get.Mr. Selfridge has been one of themen who understood what it meant topay artists well and to secure the bestartists. It is so important: in fact,it is after all the first and essentialpoint : that is why I mention it here. ACCESSIONS LIST 1926 of theDepartment of Engraving, Illustrationand Design. Victoria and AlbertMuseum, Issued 1927, THIS department of the famous Mu- seum at South Kensington is al- ways adding a little to its collectionof Theatrical designs for scenes andcostumes or theatrical subjects. I countsome forty entries in this list, amongwhich are some scene designs by theTelbins, William Telbin the elder(1813-1873), William Telbin the youn- ger, and Henry Telbin (1840-1865)brother of the younger felbm: a num*ber of costume designs by CharlesRickelts A. R. A., and two designsby Albert Rutheraton, one by Not manWilkinson : a scale model by GeorgeSneringham : a scene design by Clark- son Stanneld and a design for an Act- drop used at Drury Lane Theatie when it was rebuilt and reopenedin 1922.I should like to see in the collec- tion a few examples of the Theatrework of Claus Richter who exhibitedat the International Theatre Exhibitionin London, for his work is serviceable.1 hat word means a good deal usedhere. Many artists dash off very prettyor strikingly ugly unserviceable designs.I find that the Russians, Polunin, Gout- charova and Larionov, are among thenumber.Designs by Richter are always ofservice to the stage and understandableby those who work on a stage ; butthen Richter was an actor. IL GROTTESCO NELUARTE ENELL A LETTERATURA byGino Gori. Alberto Stock. Roma.Price lire 24. HAVING written this interestinglit lie book on a streak whichruns through the Arts and Letters,Signor Gori asks Signor MassimoBontempelli for a Preface. And Si- gnor Bontempelli talks of the Ci- nema.44 The Cinema is our language'1 hesays. He wondeis how it is thatSignor Gori hasn't understood that thegrotesque (which Signor Gori says isnow apparently empty) has in the44 Cinematografica dell'Arte " an "am- biente propizio", that is, a favourablefield or setting.I fully expect to hear someoneshortly telling shoemakers that it'sabsurd to complain of the scarcity ofleather because the age of the cinema- tograph offers the very finest film fromwhich bedroom slippers can be simplyreeled off by the million.This Ci nema has got on to every- one's nerves and critics are beginningto write with their nerves since itwould appear that, by using the brains,it is impossible to find anything goodto be said about the Cinema. THEATRE. Essays on the Arts ofthe Theatre Edited by Edith J. R.Isaacs. Little Brown &amp; Co. Boston.Price $ 4.50. FOR my part I should have sup- posed that the Theatre was not ashop, not a stores : but it becomes astores if several arts are sold there tothe public and if the public is slylyspoiled and given what it whimpers orblusters for.In that case those who look afterthat sort of I heatre are right to as- sume that role of retailer or purveyer, which comes naturally to Mr. Seifridgewithout any assumption.But if the Theatre be somethingmore than a stores,—if it be like aPicture Gallery or a Library, which arem ade with some sense of dignity fortheir two uses, then it will also liketo preserve that old sense, a universalsense, and will not claim to house morethan one art, and that art its own.The Theatre had best only aim to besomething like a Library or a Picture Gal- lery: I mean by that, it had best notaspire or be making any steps to be- come more than these : it may not bereaching to the solemnity of a Univer- sity, or of a Church. If ever it didso it woul i still have to remember thatUniversities and Churches have forsome reason avoided the Stores idea.The Church has held but one thing Religion: Universities but one thing—Learning.A church which had gone in forselling metal work and carpets, bro- cades and looking glasses on the stepsof its altar would have been a hugesuccess.... for five years. After that,or after fifteen or twenty, it wouldhave crumbled. A University whichshould indulge in Public display of anykind would have also soon fallen.Yet the Theatre, for some unknownreason, has been content to do whatneither Church, University, Gallerynoi Library thought in any way fit.It edges up, snuggles up to the sideof the big Stores. Funny things aresold across the footlights or at thestage door. M Here's an idea '' sayssome prize-fighter to the manager wearywith rehearsing actors. 44 Come andtalk it over in the pub " replies themanager, or 44 in the club ", ....it'sabout the same thing only not so jolly.And the Prize fighter begins: 14 Myidea is that you engage me and MikeBilkins for your old Covent GardenTheatre and that we make a regularstunt of it There his idea stops :but the manager actually engages him.and Covent Garden Theatre was turnedinto a prize fighters' ring.44 But my idea " says Fraulein Ja- germann to the Duke at Weimar(Goethe being out of earshot) is toappear in a play with a poodle44 Capital idea " cries August the hun- dredth—and the Royal Theatre is tur- ned into a foolery.44 I have always had the idea " saysa solemn impresario to a group ofpressmen round his table 44 to make agreat Review or Parade of a hundredof the loveliest girls.... 44 Go nofurther, Boss—it's GREAT " cry thepressmen. And so on and so on and so on»Any old thing has done for the Thea- tre it would seem, and any old thingwon't do.And so it is a good sign to find inthis book written by a dozen or soAmericans, edited by the lady whoedits the 44 Theatre Arts Monthly aseries of essays which show a desireto limit, to some extent, this wholesaletraffic in any old thing.For we must. remember that thei heatre is the house of one thing onlyand that is the Drama. Lyric orProse Drama, Mimo-drama, Marion- nette Drama (this but a small affairfor children, of course) and that'sabout all.I don t like seeing the Theatre evenused as an Odeum or as a DancingHall : but where Dancing and Ora- tory come into the Drama without ob- truding themselves (and they both docome into it) then place can be foundboth for Dancer and Orator.It would indeed be a dangerousstate for the Theatre to get into if theDramatist ever began to feel that hewas being crowded out of the Playhouseby a pack of prize fighters, poodles,dancers and orators. But he has hisstaunch allies, and whether he write hisplays, compose his operas or invent hismimo-dramas, the Dramatist will al- ways be able to count on the Manager-Prod ucer who is master of the Houseand who sees that j all things areready for the reception of the Drama.But there is another person to fearand that is the amateur. If thirtyamateur notion-mongers, scenic fellows,actors, producers, were to push orinsinuate their way in through the stagedoor there would have to be thoughtsof revolution.And the so-called old-fashioned partof the professional theatre senses allthese dangers. That is why the pro- fession is unable to move and do verymuch. It just holds its breath, doesnot stir, and tragically hopes againsthope. It knows.The so-called New Movement whichis represented by this book of MrsIsaacs must now do something to un- derstand this. It must be a friend tothe so-called old-fashioned professionaltheatre.How that can be done is both hardto discover and as easy as to say 4; Herewe are againNo one questions any longer theability (up to a certain point) and thegenius (far beyond that point) of theNew Movement.And in Germany, in Russia, inHolland and in Poland, in Ireland and in odur plcxes where clher and grea- ter troubles show them the futility oftussmg about this Theatre trouble, thegenius and ability of the New Move- ment has made good friends with theso-called old-fashioned group, and allare now united.It would be well if in America andEngland, in France and Italy, in Spainand in Belgium the so-called old-fas- hioned Theatre and the newer artists,actors, dramatists and ail could joinhands, meet, and realize that theyhave but one common enemy, andthat is the outsider who would like touse their house for his prize-fights, ci- nemas, dances and other purposes, andthat as their destiny is to uuite, itwere all to the geed to do so withoutany more delay. MOLIERE'S PLAYSAND THIRTEEN OTHERS. WHY do playwriters fail to foil wthe Moliere tradition andfollow it exactly too ?I should better understand their fai- lure if plays had been failureson the boards.But here is the excellent RannKennedy with thirty years of practicalexperience as actor, producer and play- wright, running counter to the whole tra- dition of the stage and glorying in it.And here is Arthur Schnitzler writinga little masterpiece again, a long mo- nologue made for Ruth Draper and aproducer who feels equal to the task,and calling it a novelette. I don'tblame either of them; I only continueto wonder what can have come overplaywrights to leave their citadel, openthe gates, and ask for sudden deathat the hands of the public, the actors,the producers and all.The se thirteen 0) plays are all very different : and scrne are distinctly bel- ter than others ; but one and all de- sert the strong position taken for themby the Commedia dell'Arte and for- tified by Moli^re.It is not surprising then if today theProducer is asked to take a lead, forhe will assuredly do his best to re- take the fortified place and give itback to the genuine dramatists. I hat ispretty certain, I think.In order to realize what has beenlost you have only to buy the Playsby Moli&amp;re issued at 95 cents byBoni &amp; Liveright in their Modern Li- brary.You will immediately discover thatthe translation is a poor one—the namesof the translators are not given ; andyou will, if you follow my advice,give away this 95 cents' worth to ahospital and you will purchase a copyof Wall's translation, issued by Belland Sons ; it is in their Bohn Series.I his is presuming you read Frenchuneasily.To read Moliere uneasily does not do.Better the imperfections of a good trans- lation so that you can go along quicklythan a jerky voyage through the ori- ginal.And when you read these playsyou will see what it is that constitutesa good play.There is no one to equal Moliere inthe making up of a good play. Hehas studied in that ancient schoolwhich ordered the writer to 44 cut itdown to half and leave nothing out " :that to begin with. Then he has re- membered a wise saying, 44 Do not givetoo fine a point to your wit ". Hehas never forgotten the old joke, 44 Cutthe cackle and come to the 'osses ". Infact he reverences the stage, the au- dience and the craft of playmakingand never quarrels with B. G. Lulliwho is fond of productions. Playwrights,please copy.But there is one of these thirteenplays I wish to pick out from therest. Not because it is a better playthan the rest, but because it is de- liberately less of a play than theothers.It is a series of episodes, and nostage manager, no producer can failto appreciate the compliment paid himby the author, who, without indulging inlaudation of the producer's craft, docsoffer him a hundred opportunities andoffers them courteously.His piece is called 44 Casanova " :a fantastic chronicle in seven Episodeswiih a Prologue and an Epilogue ".Were I a producer, I must admit Ishould prefer to work upon a sketch, a scenario or a play like one by Mache- lovskovsky where .no stage directionsof modem ed tions are to be found.(The stage directions of Machelov- skovsky are all of them inserted bypeople since he wrote the plays andare not worth a fig.).But next to a blank cheque of th skind I must say (were 1 a producer)I'd enjoy such a series of incidents asMr. Gribble offers me, for 1 shouldfeel 1 had a sympathetic collaboratorwho would never haggle about thewords and would even (willingly) insertnew phrases where they might seem ne- cessary as the Episodes began to takeshape on the Stage.Mr. Gribble certainly makes a ges- ture which the producer must not far!to respond to. It is a friendly andcourteous nod in his direction. (I) PLAYS by MOLIERE. Boni &amp;Liveright. 95 cents.AfA .S A A/S6W Ay Charles Lee. Dent(ft Sons //-BANNS OF MARRIAGE byCharles Lee. .Sows //-PETER &amp; PAUL by H. F. Rubins- tein, Benn Ltd. priee not given.EXODUS by 11. F. Rubinstein &lt;# Hal- cott Glover Benn Ltd. price not given.SHAKESPEARE by H. F. Rubins- tein &amp; Clifford Bax Benn Ltd. "ERA ULEIN ELSE by ArthurSchnitzler Philpot Ltd, 5/-PEERS WOODMAN by Ber?iardGutlbert, THE MOON RISES HIGHby Herman Ould and THE ONE ETER- NAL THING by A. G. Berrisfotd Black- well, Oxford 3/6 each.PLAYS FOR IHREE PLAYERSby C. R. Kennedy. University of Chi- cago Press 12/6.CASANOVA by G. D. Gribble. Jtout- edg* 5l - I WANT TO BE HAPPY byWilliam Plait. Melhuen &amp;P Co,Price 3/6,A MAN'S DAY ON EARTH byWilliam Piatt. Bale Sons, price 3/6. WHEN the Englishman is very En- glish he is often very young.Mr. Platt is a teacher—and justthe very man to teach, for he is kindand he is patient and he is young andno one would ever be frightened ofhim. There again, when the youngEnglishman is very English he easilygets frightened.And Mr. Piatt's book may frightenhim, but he won't read it: he'll read -Mr. Piatt's face and listen to his mu- sic, and he'll go out and play hockeywith Willie Plait and be quite uncon- scious that this man of past sixty-fiveis educating him to be a fine fellov.Piatt has genius : he has chosen toput thst rather into his life and thedaily task of helping others than into 'any old books which, after all, hedoesn t like. He's bookish but hedoesn't r ally like books : he likes theopen road and the earth. And in hissecond book about a day on thatearth he rushes through with it so asto get out and breathe the fresh airand play more games and make eve- ryone happy.Happiness is his theme and he ra- ces on and doesn't even bother to notehow unhappy he has made me by acaricature of a much loved master ofmine, a man who never bothered (ap- parently) to make his pupils happy,who never was out of the stuffy at- mosphere of a theatre and who frigh- tened us all to death.Through and through he was kind- *ness itself, but he didn't look it: whereas Piatt both iooks it andis it.But fancy describing Irving as "abadly dressed actor *\talking in a shopto a tailor who was " adamant "," pleading " with this tailor for " alittle more credit ", the tailor " refu- sing to listen " and finally " sent himaway ".This of Irving, who was never badlydressed, never pleaded, commandedalways :—with whom no one durst be" adamant " lest they became foolish ;and who was never " refusedAs for " sent away I feel likesending Piatt away, only I once methim with a group of artists and so- cialists up Hampstead way and thoughthe looked what in England used tobe called " an old dear ".Piatt, as a matter of fact, is an im- mensely able man, and all he does inthis life is to attempt to hide thisand to bring out the ability of others SEPT COMEDIES DO MO YENAGE. Illustrated. Editions Spes. Paris.Price Frs 1COMEDIES by Holberg,. HumphreyMilford. Oxford University Press.Price not given.AS THEY SEEMED TO ME byUgo Ojetti, Translated by HenryFurst, Introduction by D' Annunzio.Methuen Price 6/-.THE ADVENTURES OF FIVEHOURS by Sir Samuel Tufa. Holden.Price 7/6.FIFTY YEARS OF SPOOF byArthur Roberts. John Lane. Price 12/6.THE ALCHEMIST by Ben Jonson.Cambridge University Press. Price 2/6. B|| J JIJ| „ J,, pißim—l—WW I lIIIWW ■IIIHIM «N^RNRwR—-rrrimr—————THOUGH I know better editions ofthese "Sept Comedies" I don't knowbetter comedies. These are real stageplays plays made by actors or actorauthors, or by writers who were taughtby proper experience how to stopwasting words and (a very vulgar trick)how to get laughs. I'm very sorry tohave to descend in these days of Me- thuselah to blithe pithy matters, but themain thing for a play writer to do if hewish to die a play-Wright is to comestraight to the point and make it.Then make another: allow two minutesbetween the more dazzling points, butfill these minutes in with a few sparkshere and there. Keep this up for anhour, and you'll die a playwright sureenough, my son.Of course old Holberg was a play- wiight he died in 1754, in Soro.And when ycu see Johannes Poulsenplaying Erasmus Montanus you 11 thinkHolberg wrote it for him. And in a certain sense he did. He wrote it foran actor (ie a man who can act), notfor clever people who mumble andfidget; and, Poulsen being born ACTOR,it follows, as the evening the afternoon,he wrote it for Poulsen.Holberg was not as good at a playas was the author of " Paihelin, " buthe will do : he belongs to the greatschool the school of l'mnot sure I like using the word great inthis connection because schoolis anything but great, It's no moregreat than is a big bush of roses it's like a bush of roses goes onand on and is a!l right in all weathers:out come the roses punctually to aday up goes the curtain and patcomes the first bud of a laugh or agreat burst of blossom right away.Holberg is here translated for us byCampbell and Schenck and very wellthey have done him. It's not a bookthat came out this year; it appearedin 1914; but there was not a momentin that year to risk the safety of De- mocracy by reading any damn foolplays.Now is the moment when no otherrisk is worth while—and may Demo- cracy be shattered is my very heart- felt wish. Playing these plays wouldhelp to shatter it; —it would be asure sign that all was up with thathumbug if all the really good andgenuine plays had long runs 0)." Holberg's sense of fact was pictu- resque, rather than profound" writesCampbell in his Introduction '• &lt;ndwhat profounder does any but a fa- tuous world ask for?IT is because Signor Ugo Ojetti U sopicturesque that he is so profound.In his rapid sketches of people as hesaw them he enchants the reader. Heis a vivid writer, and has eyes thatlook into and through things. He cansee through to the Mother of Duse.Duse has only to help him a verylittle. He can see through to Gari- baldi while speaking with his wife.He sees Puccini, D'Annunzio, LloydGeorge and King Victor Emanuel.He saw well this last man—a verygreat man, surely never drawn moreperfectly than Signor Ojetti has donein a few lines.And he can see into Voronoff andZola.Everyone of the forty four essayson people, places or things written ofin this delightful book is good, andsome are beautiful. The translations by Mr. Henry Furst are perfect, andGabriele D'Annunzio's introduction, inthe form of a letter written to his oldforeign legionary Furst, is to me ascharming and full of lovely things asD'Annunzio himself has always beenexcept to the cynical or to the egoist.I don't know whether this has beena "best seller", this little book; butI know that if 1 wanted to give afriend many delightful hours I wouldgive him a copy of this book byOjetti.I should feel far less certain of givingmy friend any delight at all if I wereto offer him a copy of " The Adven- ture of Five Hours" by old friendSam Tuke.But I would risk taking him to seethat play if I knew where to getseats for it: for I feel that it'splayable.Pepys loved it and swore it to be"in one word the best for varietyetc. etc. that ever I saw ". The rumfellow even read the play three yearslater and found it better than" Othello ", wrote that " Othello "was " a mean thing " after SaraTuke's play.And this shows that when acted itcan be good. For, when reading itin 1666, Pepys recalled what theactors had done and how, and all therest of the show: without that to helpthe reader I much doubt if any butthe exemplary ones could get past thefirst three pages and live. But it's anicely printed, nicely bound book, andif there was a Big Theatre Movement(a thing Europe and America standgreatly in need of) I could hope thatone Big Theatre would try it out ata rehearsal.As for the Little Theatre Move- ment, which only acts as bait for spe- culators, I would say " leave it alone ".Mr. Arthur Roberts knows what Imean. —He has written a book sofull of commonsense, and states soclearly what he thinks of the decayof personality that I'm sure the publicwhich loved to see and hear Robertswill never be gulled by this LittleTheatre Movement. Aias, it's thelittle wriggle itself which will be gul- led and swallowed up.Arthur Roberts has the great giftpossessed by Moli&amp;re and Holberg:he can make his points at once. Itseems to be out of fashion, this di- rectness; whereas the other thing isadored " it's as easy as lying ".To make your point directly is themost difficult thing to do; it needspersonality and again personality andthen a vast experience. And 1 can understand how it wasthat Arthur Roberts made his pointsat once on a stage; but how it is hedoes it in a book, like any thoroughtrained journalist would do it, musthave staggered as well as delightedhis countless admirers.The book is full of sound sense well writ and hilarius. It neverflags. It begins and ends brilliantlyand is up to the mark all the time.If only the learned Ben Jonson hadpossessed one eighth of the personalityof Arthur Roberts his 44 Alchemistwould not have sent me to sleep.I admit that this is a famous play,but there you are it's like one ofthe famous plays of our days, famousbecause fogies have said it s wonderful.And it's not wonderful; it's able,and it is well writ in a scholarly way;but no one in his senses ever asks a playwright to be scholarly.What we want is something actablesomething lively, 44 Othello,' or44Tartuffe": and then anything lessseems a miss-fire.Have I your wink, William ofThe Mermaid, that Ben Jonson wasa missfire? have I yours, Jean Poque- lin ? All right. (i) There's another play would helptoo called 4 Der Snob of which Ihope to write later. THE ENGLISH DRAMA by H.F. Rubinstein. Benn Ltd. Price 6d. I think there are no books being is- sued which are half as good forthe price as these sixpenny books.Mr. Rubinstein seems to agree withMr. Ivor Brown that the producer isat last going to be asked to provewhat use he can be to the Drama,and,— provided he is not asked toproduce gorgeous spectacles for thirty- two guineas—l daresay the producercan and will prove of service.I believe Mr. Rubinstein unintentio- nally misinterprets Mr. Brown whenhe says that be has 44 shown how....the failure of the supply of freshdrama automatically raises the status ofeither actor or producer ", I thinkMr. Brown means something morethan that.Besides, there has been no failureto supply fresh drama. Never have somany dramas been written as in re- cent years... many of them first-rate.All they lacked was a theatre undera producer with singleness of purpose,to carry them across the rather turbulentfootlights.No ship would set out with eightor more different fellows telling thecaptain that he didn't know how to steerand that they did know. And thishas been going on now for too many years. The one man who can un- doubtedly steer the theatrical ship isthe producer. And for twenty yearsthe producers in Germany and in Rus- sia have steered well. Reinhardt andStanislawsky for example.We have lost those twenty years,wondering whether we really could orcould not trust Craig.We came at last to trust Barker butwe backed out of it. Then we trustedDrinkwater * and Dean—but we feelrather doubtful as to the issue. I sup- pose it's timidity on our part. It cer- tainly is not very long-sighted of us.Suggested :—that we wake up anddo the thing properly by trusting allour best men and giving them plentyof opportunity of doing all they can.Anything else is fast becoming ri- diculous. FRANCOIS VILLON by D. B.Wyndham Lewis. Peter Davies.Price 10/6.ON LOVE, Stendhal Chatto &amp;Windus. Price 7/6.LA CHANSON DE MA VIE byYvette Guilbert. Grasset (Paris);Price Francs 12. E. H. G. C. I would like to take the last book,first, but I have nothing to say ofit which has not been said better byall the best writers of France. So Iwill do the unexpected and start atthe beginning with the book on Villon,At the first glance at the book Ifelt sorry to think that any writeron 44 The Daily Mail " should, duringhis off hours, write about a prodigal,an unashamed prodigal who was apoet, a cut-throat and so on.It gave me a shock at first.But by the time I reached page I 1 5I was relived to find our popular hu- mourist splashing on the white-wash presumably lest one million of the oldcrowd should chance to come acrossthe book.And thus it falls out that he comesto speak of Villon's passion for Ka- therine de Vausselles being 44 undoubt- edly the nearest thing to a pure andsteadfast love ".Villon in collar and cuffs, spats, andtopper, approving and disapprovingand playing down to the 44 pure andsteadfast" lovers of Bond Street isjust the sort of picture one expectsfrom our D. B. W. L.But, as a matter of fact, WyndhamLewis has written a very serious bookabout a dev'lish serious subject, and,while making it one of the most enter- taining historical novels of the season,has never forgotten that what he is writing of is or rather was all true; sohe has at the same time made itexact.Villon was made so strangely thatit's a wonder he lived so long, battled- through, and found time to writemuch. But then he could write welland that was everything. It was easythen to live long and battle along.But he certainly was made strangely.Mr. Lewis knows him far better than1 do; but for all this, when I came topage 143 and read Mr. Lewis'sreading of 44 Que sais je plus? Quoy?Les gaiges ravoir" for some reason1 actually had the audacity to differfrom Villon's historian. I apologize,first for he must know: but, guessing,1 find a simpler solution.44 There is " writes Mr. Lewis," undoubted evidence in the Balladede Blois, if it is examined again withattention, of a coolness between Villonand his host: the whole Envoi becomesa humble and apologetic plea for pardonfor some offence, and in the lineQue sais je plus ? Quoy ? Les gaiges ravoir,there is crystal-clear showing thatVillon had had his wage stoppedfor some solecism or misdemeanour.Had he broken out suddenly at tablewith an oath or a too ripe story fromthe Trou Perrette? Had he burst atlength into the mincing, exclusivecircle of little . literary men andblackened a poetic eye ? Had hehad trouble with the seneschals, orcreated a scandal in the servants' hall,or attempted gallantry with my Lady'smaids? He had offended the Duke,it is obvious, and the Duke had cutoff his stipend.Now I see it quite differently. Tome Villon is only doing in verse whatLeonardo da Vinci did in prose, andMartinelli the actor did in doggerel,and every artist was expected to do.Leonardo's patron was the Duke ofMilano, and this prince was of theusual kind, rich and brainless, feeling- less, forgetful. Leonardo wanted tobe paid, and for that pay he had towrite an entertaining letter.Martinelli the actor had as his Pa- tron Henry IV of France and thatprince was all humanity, able and richtoo, but none the less forgetful; deli- berately so; it was expected of patrons;i and it was to him that Martinelliwrote some brilliantly stupid jinglest asking to be paid.In short, every artist who could, talk or write brilliantly and who hada dash of genius in him always did, write and ask to be paid.\ So that it by no means follows that Villon had " offended the Duke " orhad "broken out suddenly at table".It s an excellent reading of the part,I admit, but it s too spectacular." Dear Sir, I am tired of waiting" any longer for payment due to me" for those camel hair brushes whichyou purchased at my shop last cen- " tury is what impatient colour-menwrite to the Princely artists of our day;but there has been no quarrel; merelydeliberate forgetfulness on the part ofthe artist.And theoretically how right of theartist. Liberated from the old servi- tude he has today become a Prince,and puts on the airs which our princesof today have no use for.It s all he has to put on, poorart st; isn t he welcome to the airs ? (By the way, you who live in shire near Stroud, you really ought topay up your last two years' subscriptionto 44 Ihe Mask"; for I hear fromFlorence that your princely way iscausing hard workers some extra littlebit of stress, so do pay). The Duke of Milano in 1500, andCharles Duke of Orleans in 1457probably had no notion who was paidor why anyone wanted money. Theynever were paid—they never were inwant of monies. I think they wererather stupid.Henry IV was quite different; butthen Henry was a man generous andgood to all and on the whole not ex- travagant, not wasteful like so manyprinces.It was of Mr. Wyndham Lewis Imeant to write; he is extravagant andgenerous; he gives us 355 closelypacked pages, excellently printed, onone of the most interesting subjectsanyone who wants a thrill couldwish for.He gives us the life of Villonwhich was tragic and well run,considering he had the brains of aPoet of Genius and the blood andbone of a rogue: and he gives us atranslation of nearly all Villon's poems:these he mixes in with the History.Shall I blame Mr. Lewis for hissentimentalities? I assuredly won't forI can't. Villon himself was amongstother things a sentimentalist: power hehad, but sometimes unexpectedly givesat the knees. At least so I suppose,for I only think 1 know him.I would like to know as muchabout him as Mr. Lewis must know.Mr. Belloc in his excellent Prefacesays that " if you desire one word touse as an antithesis to the word senti- mental use the word Villon". AndI suppose his meaning is clear; but curiously enough it is the one weaknersI would allow Villon.And I would allow it to Stendhalwho writes " On Love " as well as hewrites on Cimarosa or Milano.And indeed how write on love ormoney without being sentimental.What can arouse shallow emotionsmore surely than Vamour or f argent.And why this new London crazefor being free from one more littleness.What foolery it i 3 to be incessantlyfussing about the absense of trifles.Why should Villon be free fromsentimentality: good heavens, the thingwon t bite him. Mr. Belloc's phrasereminds me of the " whatever you cansay about the man he never borroweda pennyor " one thing we canfirmly state about her and that is shenever powdered ".And if he had borrowed a millionpennies, or she had powdered androuged what then ?Well, London was, London is, andyet I hope London will not for everbe the home of old noodles. But ifyou desire one word to use as anantithesis to the word noodle use theword Belloc. And if you are fishingfor words with which to express per- fection in good plain bookmaking, utterthe four words Peter Davies Chatto Windus. P.S. And did it ever occur toanyone that Yvette Guilbert would bethe one person living to tell us exactlywhat Villon was—and what he means:and what Stendhal was and what hemeant? MORE P L A YS . (0 THIS author of 44 The Scarlet Lady "is the other Turner—not theauthor of 44 The man who ate thePopomack" whose name is W. J.Turner: this one is John HastingsTurner. And lam wondering if thereisn't just time just time to change.It's only a matter of one of them cal- ling himself Renrut or Isherwood,Rabchick or Giles or any other old name. But for two young writers ofplays both to be called Turner willnot do.Why this shyness, J. H., and whyare you so shy, W. J.? how strangethat each should be a J.W. J. Turner is but thirty-nine yearsof age, J. H. Turner is only thirty- six, so it doesn't matter a scrap whichagrees to go on with the name Turnerand which takes a new name. Theywon't lose anything yet, but later on,if they continue both to write playsas J. Turner, it will tell against oneor both of them. It's not in nature.The Scarlet Lady is one of Mr. J.H. 1 urner's best although I ratherfear that after a few nights, the ladyAlicia would bore the theatre-goers.She's not scarlet... She's only playing.Her trick is all right; it's she herselfis so ordinary. I crave for some cha- racters in our plays who are not likethe mentalities we manage to avoid,and Alicia is a Mr, Turner».isn t." II Roveto " by Angelo NasalliRocca is a little play in three actswhich has been played in 1923 byVirgilio Talli's Company in the bigTeatro Comunale built by AntonioBibiena; - but this is nothing againstit. For it was quickly selected by theCompany Caio-de-Riso as the verything they wanted, and it has touredItaly for a long time,It stands to reason that this, thethird play by our author, is a goodone; for Italian audiences do not goto the Theatre to see poor plays.Nasalli Rocca doesn't waste timedreaming: nor polishing subtleties, norlooking for too difficult themes: he isa play writer who gives the public aplay which pleases it and at the sametime gives his actors an opportunity toperform it well or ill. Some playwriters make it impossible for actors tofail in their plays: this is no compli- ment to the actors; it leaves them no- thing to do.Otway, for example, in his " Ve- nice Preserved " leaves it to the actorsto do well or ill, and Otway's Tragedyis not only the best of the five reprin- ted by the Oxford University Press intheir World Classics, but has been themost popular. It's emotional stuff, andall the better for that, for without itDrama is non-existent.The "No" plays, three of whichMrs. Marie C. Stopes reprints for usfrom a book she made in 1913, areas emotional as the Otway play or asthat by Signor Rocca. The quality ofthe emotion is the thing interesting tocompare. Japan, from our English point of view, offers in the "No aseries of quite unactable plays: yetstrange to say they have held the stagefor centuries and the Japanese are nofools. The No plays are as far fromTchehov, from Ibsen and from Pineroas the moon is from the earth. Butthere is one good thing to be said forPinero—his plays are really admirablyadapted to the requirements and re- sources of amateur actors.The book of the words of GeorgeBiichner's " Danton has reached ussome years late for the photographsand designs of Reinhardt's productionwe saw yeetrs ago. It is a propagandaplay and written to catch the conscienceof the king—but when Reinhardt didit it was the production which wasthe thing. Reinhardt was very sorryand apologized to-the Geiman Societyof Authors, sending a £SOO donationand explaining and explaining that itcouldn't be helped. €J The poet diedat twenty-four years of age, but assu- redly these three plays of his showgreat promise, and Mr. Dunlop s trans- lations are very ably done. Some of thedesigns showing how Reinhardt treatedthe piece would have been well placedin this edition, which is well printed,charmingly bound and inexpensive. (i) The Scarlet Lady by John HastingsTurner. Blackwell. Price 3/6." Jl Roveto " by A. M. Nasalli Rocca.Stamp. Bodoniana. Parma. Price 6 lire.Five Restoration Tragedies. No.CCCXIII of the World Classics, OxfordUniversity Press. Price 2/-net.Plays of old Japan. Translated byMarie C. Stopes, with a Preface byBaron Kato, Eclipse Press. London.Price 3/6.The plays of Georg Buchner; tran- slated by Geoffrey Dunlop. Gerald HoweLtd. Price 7/6. THE STAR OF PICCADILLY byLewis Melville. Hutchinson &amp; Co.Price 21 /-.ENEMIES OF SOCIETY by CharlesKingston. Stanley Paul &amp; Co.Price 12/6.SOUVENIRS DU VIEUX-CO- LOMBIER by Berthold Mahn.Claude Avelinet Paris. Price 90francs.SOME STUDIES IN BALLETby Arnold Haskell. Lamley &amp; Cc.Price 21 /- net ALTHOUGH we would have sup- posed that old Q's life wouldhave furnished Mr. Melvilie withcountless documents, one more interest- ing than the other, it does not seemthat there was much for this most en- tertaining'writer to go upon. Old Q'sexistence was almost a round of dullevents. His friendship, his wagers,his flirtations, his liaisons, his reputationwe hear of in this book, but the wholelife amounts to little compared with,let us say, tie life Mrs. Jordan orLad)7 Hamilton's career. It is dull; and,what is more, there's no thread con- necting his wagers, his friendships, hisliaisons and his flirtations, and so hisreputation, suffers. It was a bad re- putation, now become no better thanit should have been. Truly difficult for a Michael Angeloor a Casanova to live up to the com- mon repute.One hears too much of a MichaelAngelo, and so, in a Piccadilly way,does one hear too much of old Q.Angelo survives it; Queensbury fallsflat.It is not Mr. Melville's fault for weknow how well he can string together factswhich are interesting about such figuresas Nell Gwyn or Beau Brummel.His historical works on these andother like people become romances.With old Q he had nothing to stringtogether or he could have done it.Mr. Charles Kingston in his " Ene- mies of Society " has an amazing massof very good material, and very wellhe handles it. His are true tales.That touching the Famous Jewel Theftby Mr. and Mrs. Torpey is verypleasing: and The Murder of MadameLaurent is most thrilling.There are eighteen tales in all,twelve to fourteen of which are all youcould possibly wish for.The author is apt to use coinicphrases now and again which somehowfail in their effect of heightening themelodramatic tension.More successful when detailing theincidents of a robbery, he is onlysurpassed by Mason of " The VillaRose " when it's a murder because heis tied to his facts.. Some good illustrations, mostly por- traits by Spy, of Rufus Isaacs, Sir. H.B. Poland and Sir Frank Lockwoodadd something to the book.And Aubrey Hammond's drawingof " Old Q " which 1 had almost for- gotten to mention almost makes mecurious again about that old PiccadillyLord. Aubrey Hammond is apt in hisdesigning; that's because he's an artist;but you are never made too consciousof this in his popular work,—and it isgrowing more and more popular, anda very good thing too. The fifty-five drawings which M.Mahn has collected to together so asto show he remembers the TheatreVieux Colombier of Paris merelyshow me that he never even saw it.He was looking at himself, admiringthe point of his pencil or his pen;but what Copeau was really tryinghard to do is not in any way recorded.Compare M. Mahn with a gooddraughtsman recorder of theatricals—with Daumier or with Callot or withCruickshank or twenty others whosenames occur to you.These men were keen to record anincident, a place, a scene, a bit hereand a bit there — a reality every time. M. Mahn records nothing; he makesno effort to; he just scribbles.The book does Copean an injustice.Copeau may not be a great actor ora great producer, but he was ever avery serious man trying to do his levelbest at this Theatre Vieux Colombier.I would have liked to possess fifty- five designs showing us the stage duringrehearsals, Copeau at work there;Jouvet discipling around him, and allthe other assistants busy at their work.—And everyone was very busy, verykeen; the work was serious.M. Mahn turns it all to frolh.And so 1 prefer a hundred timesmore Mr. Arnold L. Haskell s of some of the Russian ballet danceis,which is issued sumptuously.His records are photographs aroundwhich he writes, and both his opinionsand photographs are interesting.Alicia Markova as photographed byRaphael is enchanting—and, what ismore, it's a good record.In much that he says Mr. Haskellis very right, and if there had cniybeen an English Ballet to write aboutthis author's critical faculties and en- thusiasm for dancing would have had aproper chance. As it is we can't bsexpected any longer to be enthusiasticabout a group of foreigners who havegiven us quite the wrong notions ofdancing.We mustn't dance that way. No- thing resembling Mentchiova or Pavlovamust be our model. English dancessay one thing, Russian another.Would you have our coming Shake- speare writing plays to the modelTchehov offers? Are we so utterlytongue-tied, brain-frozen, leg-boundand blind thai, we must ape the fo- reigner.I know we are not. What onearth makes us do it? A LONDON OMNIBUS. Chatto&amp; Windus. Price 2/6-net.THIS LONDON, ITS TAVERNS,HAUNTS AMD MEMORIES. byR. 7. Hopkins. Cecil Palmer. PriceI 0/6- net. OOK not for whales in theL-i Euxine Sea, or expect greatmatters where they are not to befound is the quotation which startsthis booklet, though indeed 'tis a smallwhale, this Omnibus, and in its innardsall the little fishes swimming about ;1 it-bits and Wbite-baits all aboutFeasts ", " Pickwick ", u The Ber- ners Street Hoax" and The Strand,and Clubs of Old London. It's well "worth its two and sixpence. And after this snack, suppose youstill feel hungiy for more London,Mr. Hopkins is ready for you. Withhis napkin over his left arm he willsee to all you require—the tip, 10/6,firstt being usual.In his book 1 discovered what mayinterest you all; and that is that Bir- rell and Garnett the booksellers inGerard Street are the son of the au- thor of 44 Obita Dicta " and the Gar- nett who wrote 44 Lady into Fox ".Mr. Hopkins has a good chapteron Shakespeare's public house, theplace near the Globe Theatre whichhe popped into to escape from Burbage.Mr. Hopkins might have given us anindex, but that's about the only fault1 can find with his entertainment. LIFE AND LETTERS. A NewLiterary Monthly, Edited by DesmondMacCarthy. Published at 10 GreatQueen Street, Kingsway, London.Subscription, 14/- per annum. -vFOR the first of June (and hereafter tobe published on the , first Tuesdayin each month) was announced the firstnumber of this new literary magazine.Edited by Mr. Desmond MacCarthy,the magazine should within a fewmonths become popular, for the watch- word of the magazine will be Variety.LIFE AND LETTERS is not outto tire anyone except the Editor andhis staff, and they seem intent on ma- king this new publication distinguishedand intellectual, and this would beenough to damn it right away if theEditoi's mind intended merely to restthere.His wish is to give energy to theintellectuality and to put life into thedistinction. It is a sensible notion.And full of that same variety promi- sed, is the announcement that therewill be 44 sometimes A Carnival Num««.her in which well known writers willbe masked in pseudonymsThis naturally appeals to 44 TheMask", which has been one ridicu- lous Carnival number since 1908, withan occasional plainclothes figure mo- ving in and ont amongst the maskersjust to give it a touch or two of so- ber black and to watch the diamondsbeing pocketed.Among future contributors, of 44 Lifeand Letters " we find the names ofMiss Virginia Woolf, Lytton Strachey-Santayana, Logan Pearsali Smith,Roger Fry and Max Beerbohm.We wish 44 Life and Letters " agreat time, and we ase quite sure thatthe Public is going to have a maga- zine that will be wide awake. THE TAMING OF THE SHREW,William Shakespeare. CambridgeUniversity Press. Price 6/- net. THE new Cambridge Shakespeareis admirable, but the Stage Hi- story of each Play which ends everyvolume needs a little attention fromsomeone who . remembers some of thebest of good things and can help Mr.Harold Child in his research.We naturally wonder if 44 The Ta- ming of the Shrew" has been pro- perly dealt with for 44 The Merchantof Venice " wasn't.We too should need some assistancein the stage history of the 44 Shrew "and so we refrain from criticising Mr.Child. But in his Stage History of44 The Merchant of Venice" he hasforgotten to state that Ada Rehanacted Portia in a memorable produc- tion by Augustin Daly ; and in tellingus of the production in 1875 whenEllen Terry played Portia under theBancroft's management at the Princeof Wales's Theatre, he omits to remindus that it was to Mr. E. W. Godwinthat the production owed its ideas.Readers of 44 The Mask " will haveread Mr. Godwin's article which wasreprinted in the first volume, that for1908. They may even have read itwhen it was originally published as early as 1875 in 44 The Architect".This was the very year in which hecarried out some of his ideas for thisplay in the Prince of Wales's Theatre,Practice and Theory going hand inhand.If Herr Smackenheun cr M. Lofskyhad produced it as brilliantly as didGodwin, their work would have beenremembered by Mr. Child and doubt- less praised.It is getting more and more a habit(a very bad one) to forget the artistpioneer when a Britisher: be he deador living it is the foreigner who ismade more of. And the thing hasgone on so long that it is, I think,quite time that our British journals didsomething to put things in their rightplace.The fatuous adulation of late andtoo late poured out on William Blakebecause (strange reason) death hasticked off a hundred years to his credit,should sicken everyone; and not onlythat, it should persuade to betterthings.We hope the Cambridge Editors somanage that no more such seriousomissions occur in the next 44 StageHistories " of the Plays.This said, what can be said of thesevolumes but that they come as nearperfection as anyone could possibly wish. EDITORIAL NOTES.APRIL: MAY: JUNE PUBLIC OPINION.NURSE CAVELL FILM. THE value of Public Opinion inEngland will soon become nil ifit continues to express itself so stupidlyas it did in the cases of the NurseCavell Film and the Royal Oafa affair.You can't put it down to the BerryPress. The Daily Telegraph and theother wide awake journals do their bestto repeat what their million readers aresaying, and so there was an outcryagainst 44 the high-handed ways " ofSir Austen Chamberlain with the Filmsalthough he is never high-handed; andthere was some harm done to the fee- ling of goodwill between nations whichis doing its best to expand a little.And this became quite evident whenLord Birkenhead wrote a letter to the44 Daily Telegraph ". The unfortunate thing is that inEngland everyone is encouraged, ina quiet unobtrusive way, to hold thewrong opinion and to express it withoutconsidering the harm it may doCommon-sense that rare thing is getting more and more rare.But there is common-sense in LordBirkenhead's letter, which runs: 44 SIR,—In the discussions which areproceeding upon this subject it appearsto me that the decisive considerationsare being rather surprisingly ignored.The question is not whether the Ger- man Government have any right torequest a censorship over the Britishfilm. Most evidently they have nosuch right.44 The question is not whether ourpresent system—such as it is—or cen- sorship is satisfactojy. Very likely itis not. The question is not whether any films heretofore exhibited in Ger- many have been calculated to giveoffence in Allied countries.44 The issues (for there are two) cutfar deeper.44 The first is: Is it in the interests ofpeace and internadonal goodwill thatwe should perpetuate by public exhi- bition those incidents of the war whichmost embitter its memories? Do wedesire, or do we not desire, that a newera of peace should dawn in Europe ?44 Do we, or do we not, desire byevery means in our power to increasethat mutual good feeling which mustbe established in Europe unless allalike are to perish in ruin? Do weserve any useful purpose by exaspera- ting and humiliating a Governmentwhich has shown by its repudiation ofthe Hohenzollern dynasty its opinionof that dynasty and of its works?44 Is it really our wish that while at- tempting to complete the Locarnoedifice, Baralong films, true or false,should be exhibited in Germany; andNurse Cavell films in the Alliedcountries ?44 I should myself have thought it wasa commonplace that every man and,still more, every woman, of good in- tention, who does not wish to see hisson or her son involved in anotherwar, would strive by every effort to putaway the memory of these old unhappythings in the effort to establish a newand more humane relationship.44 We are told that the existence inLondon of a statue to the heroic andincomparable woman whom it comme- morates for ever, is inconsistent withthese views. It is not. A dignifiedmemorial to the immortal dead has aslittle relation to the incidents of ahectic film as a classical picture of thecrucified Jesus to the attempt to com- mercialise His anguish for the purposesof Hollywood.44 The second point seems to me tobe even more decisive. What wouldNurse Cavell herself have said aboutthis proposal? The true purposes ofthis sainted woman—her only messageto the world are engraved on hermemorial:44 4 Patriotism is not enough. I musthave no hatred or bitterness for anyone'.44 Does anyone suppose that the womanwho, at the very moment of her agony,could speak like this, would permit herdeath to be commercialised with thecertain result that the bitter memoriesassociated with it would be kept aliveand fertilised so as to prevent the sweetrestoration of friendship and good re- lationship between the nations of theworld? 44 And what is the object of thisadventure, oyer the frustration of whichwe are invited to shed tears? Is itto preach a Holy message? Are theprofits to be devoted to some charitablepurpose? Will they establish founda- tion scholarships to train a new gene- ration of women to the Nurse Cavellstandards?44 Or are they intended to bring inprofit to the producer and those asso- ciated with him? If this, indeed, bethe purpose, is it decent so to exploitthe agony and the sacrifice of thenoblest woman whom the war pro- duced? And so to exploit it in cir- cumstances which, as I have shown,make it almost certain that nothing inthe world could have seemed morehorrible to that brave, proud, andsensitive nature? "LORD Birkenhead has understood welland of course always speaks well ;and it is therefore a hundred to one thatno one ever stopped talking to listen.Public Opinion in England todaystrikes us as not unlike Public opinionin Italy was before Mussolini became anecessity,44 But we have no Mussolini ".Exactly : but we have a Birken- head. MORE SALZBURG. THE disciples of Salzburg are going it.One more, Mr Charles Ricketts,seems to be added to the number.He has had the same idea as Salzburghas had,—to do a Mystery Play in aCathedral.Somehow one would have thoughtthat an Englishman would make a shortlist of the 44 stunts " which Salzburg,Bayreuth and Moscow go in for, andwould deliberately avoid repeating oneof them. One supposes that the veryfact of Salzburg or Moscow or Lisbondigging up a nice old custom like this,would be sufficient to put every artistoff it. 44 Leave it to Salzburg " onehad imagined would be the notion.On the contrary, our artists, on hear- ing Diaghilev has done Posh does abit of posh three years later : on per- ceiving that Reinhardt does Pish theymust peddle a bit of pish too—afteranother pause of three more years.It is as 44 old English " as 44 oldGerman this notion of Miracle andMystery plays done in churches—butReinhardt got in first with it this cen- tury and it seems puerile to cometoddling after in this way.44 The Coming of Christ " writtenby John Masefield is sure to have been nobly written. Ricketts is sure todress it well and the Cathedral in whichit's performed will do the rest.But the whole idea is what is sopuerile, for it's only the ghost of an idea.. o R . A . D . A . oG. B. S. DOING HIS BEST TO KEEPBRITISH ARTISTS UNEMPLOYED. ~ THERE is an Academy of DramaticArt in London—a Royal Aca- demy of Dramatic Art. You go thereby paying; you come out; you get anengagement if you can, and you areforgotten.,The directors, who ever they be,must be exceedingly stupid. One proofof this ia, they have no knowledge ofhow to get adequate teachers of Bri- tish birth (or how to keep these theydo get).The Academy could be first class;it is not even fifth class.They have now secured a Russian— presumably one who was left overwhen " Arccs " was raided. — Mr.George Bernard Shaw recommendedthis Russian.We don't like the idea at alland, although theoretically we are allfor peace, we'd like to see all thepupils troop out of this fifth classRoyal Academy of Dramatic Artand refuse to return until British in- structors were given them —and nonebut the very best. There are dozensof these idle today.It is preposterous to allow foreignersinto the Royal Acadeuiy of DramaticArt, and it is unlike Mr. BernardShaw to act in the way he has done,because Mr. Shaw has never yet beenridiculous, WHEN YOU HEAR.... When you hear them bells go tingletingle tingle.... American Song. WHEN YOU HEAR people talkingrubbish about the unpracticalityof the artist and his extravagance whenproducing a play, remind them that in1924 a Wembly Pageant produced bya man who was in no sense a Theatreartist cost £ 100,000 to produce, andwas run at a loss of £ 60,000.WHEN YOU HEAR people likeMr. 1 om Douglas saying that 44 anactor does not go on to the stage ne- cessarily to raise the prestige of thea- trical art, but primarily to earn aliving remind them that Irving, Kcanand Garrick deny this—and that everygood actor does so today, WHEN YOU HEAR young actorsboasting they have gone on the stagesolely to raise the prestige of TheatricalArt put them down for young fools,at least admit it's no worse aboast than that of 44 the popular youngactor" Mr. Tom Douglas.1 hat the silly boast that 44 Art forArt s sake leads to failure" shouldhave been accepted and printed bythe 44 Daily Mail " is curious; for, ifyou were to offer the 44 Daily Mail"an article, by a journalist asserting thatto strive to do the best according tothe best rules of journalism would leadto failure, the 44 Daily Mail" wouldreject it with indignation. HO S T A N D GUEST.A SLIP BY" THE TIMES'*. IN reviewing Mr. Ivor Brown's sen- sible book 44 Parties of the Play ",a writer in 44 The Times LiterarySupplement seemed as though bents upon trying to undo the good Mr. Brownhad achieved by the moderation andgood sense of his attitude, by callingon the ashes of the coals—by tellinghim that in his book he 44 had notdistinguished clearly enough between aproducer who is an ally, a collaborator,an interpreter, and the new giant whoclaims an absolute throne. The first isa man with whom a dramatist may, treat ; the second is an enemy whomhe must destroy ". Etcetera.In short, this writer again forgets the* old-time bond which exists betweensuch collaborators as producer and dra- matist, when they are friends—andalmost seemed eager to proclaim tothe world the impossibility that in En- glish friendship could exist. It is a badthing to attempt to make enemies ofmen who can be friends.* Our Theatre belongs sometimes toone and sometimes to the other andsometimes to a third, to the actor ....itwas stupid then of this writer in theLiterary Supplement to attempt oncemore to embroil these friends.There is another bond betweenthem and that too he forgot.. . thebond of host and guest.If a man is a dramatist and the theatrehis own he is in his own house andcan please himself whether he behavelike a surly old curmudgeon or a like- able host. But if the theatre is notone's own one is a guest.In the House of Moli&amp;re, isthe host: in Burbage's Theatre Shakes- peare was a guest.Someone must be host and the rest*guest3 ; we think this stands to reasonand should never be forgotten. It is a strange thing to find an En- glishman making a slip in such a mat- ter, this fine point of good manners ;for, without boasting over-much of our- selves, we can admit that the Englishgentleman is a real host and his guestsnever forget that it is his house andnot theirs.Yet here we have the good old44 Times *, and its anything but goodold contributor, mildly suggesting l hat,whether the house be his or no, theplaywright should behave like a boor,claim the place as his, and that the criticsand playgoers must stand at his side andsupport him in his boonshness and kickup a rumpus in a house not his own.Not a little Bolchevistic this idea, andone which will therefore only appealto a small section of Londoners. Whatis the 44 Times " thinking of ?No; the rule is this about the Thea- tre.- Whoever is the master of thehouse, whoever is the owner or holdsthe lease, is host: here he collects hisfamily ; re, his actors, scenic men, me- chanics and stage hands (1).He then invites as a guest a play- writer or a composer, or someone whois may be too much occupied to beone of his family (and there you haveit) for some cause which the play writeris powerless to alter.And the guest is an honoured guestif he be Shaw, Barrie, Pinero or anyother playwright, but he is a guest.Let us hope that he will alwaystake a pleasure in remembering this, asindeed mo3t playwriters in the past haveever done. And so, even if the producerbe that terrible thing, a 44 new giant ",so greatly feared by the writer in44 The Times Literary Supplement ",and if he is the host, he will, we doubtnot, try to make everyone comfortableand at their ease. Have giant hostsalways failed ? Have the pigmies donebetter every time ? THE AMATEUR STAGE INo GREAT BRITAIN, oIS THIS AMATEUR STAGE AGOOD OR A BAD THING } LET the question be clearly ans- wered : In a land where the professionalstage is doing its duty and making useof its best brains, forwarding the bestnotions, playing the lesszr known andsometimes best dramatists, plays, expe- rimenting and yet preserving the verybest traditions, a merely earnest ama- teur stage of any large proportionswould be practically an impossibility. But where the professional stageprefers to build and repose on all theminor conventions at the expense ofthe ancient traditions, and practicallybans all that can be produced by thebest brains, then the Amateurs thrive,they increase by thousands; DramaLeagues crop up all around them andSocieties are formed and something isat last doing in a little way—at avery great cost.Ihe aim of almost every Amateuris to become a professional ; first hestrives to be criticised as one, then tobeat the professionals hollow, and lastlyto quietly but firmly seize the strongholdsof the stage one after another.From five thousand amateurs it isnot impossible for forty or fifty of themto emerge as excellent professional ac- tors, and from these may possibly de- velope one man of genius.This decides us. We are on theside of the Amateurs, since in En- gland professionalism has elected to sidewith too much that is drab and dull.Since the professional stage refusesto help itseh, it must be helped ; sinceit prefers to be negative in its clubsand 44 don't know " this and 44 don'tknow " tother, the Amateur Stage,with its preference to be up anddoing, is decidedly to be encouraged.It will know and it will try to knowmore and to do better and better.The most professional organ of theAmateurs is a journal known as 44 TheAmateur Stage ", and is publishedeach mouth at the price of 6d a copyat 44 The New Scala Theatre ", Char- lotte Street, Loudon W. I.We learn in its columns about thedoings of men and women of whosework we ought to have been told bythe professionals.We get notes on Stage Craft, onDancing, on the craft of the Producersbesides other interesting topics. Ar- ticles on French Comedy and on howto organize Amateur Societies ; onGrand Opera, on advanced Make-up,on Progress and Cooperation, on theBarrel Organ, on Stage Noises, by SirBarry Jackson, James Glover, JuliusHarrison, C. S. Parsons and many others.The 44 Amateur Stage " is nothighbrow: if anything it is a shadetoo like the usual run of journals.The usual stage publication too oftendiscredits the intelligence of the actor,producer and playywright: and thiswill not do. 1 hese men without anygreat effort can reveal quite as greatintelligence as any other men of culture :so that not to recognize and profit bythis intelligence is a grave error, andone with far-reaching results. &lt;0 Read iv hat Sac ha Guitry said onlythe other day: see page 76. LAST WORDS. THINGS ARE BEGINNINGTODAWN. Henry A. Lytton". WE came across an advertisement'of Ogee Grease Paints which aremanufactured by Osborne, Ganett andCo Ltd. London and are a British in- dustry, and, on the advertisement, atestimonial from Mr. Henry A. Lyttonwhose 44 Jack Point "in 4 4 The Yeomenof the Guard " is a master piece. Thistestimonial ran as follows :" Dear Sirs, 1 have given the OgeeGrease-paints a leally good trial, andfind them in every way superior to thebest German makes.Yours very truly, oA QUEST ION. oo R.' S. V. P. o11 Comes up like thunder... crost the bayWILL the Royal Academy of Dra- matic Art, admittedly the princi- pal training centre for young professio- nals, inform us why a Russian, M. Ko- misarjevsky, is regularly employed totrain British Artists when many ableBritish men and women are seekingwork?"This question was asked by "I heAmateur Stage " last month and it tapsthe nail 011 the head that time, we think.The rumble of thunder afar offdoesn't mean that a storm will burst -but it might. A storm, even a littleone, which would burst over the RoyalAcademy of Dramatic Art would be verydesirable.It's a first-rate place run in a tenth- rate manner.If our readers are eager to know why,we will inform them in onr next issue.It is un-British in having placedM. Komisarjevsky in a position only tobe filled by an Englishman—if an En- glishman pass the Academy's examina- tion or answer to its requirements.But what does the Academy re- quire ? That we shall lay before you verysoon. o MADAME YVETTE GUILBERT. oWE were delighted to read of Ma- dame Yvette Guilbert's triumphin London—her tenth, or is it her twelfth,triumph there. She never fails so howcan she do anything but triumph. Sheis all that one looks to in a fine womanwho walks in the theatric fields—ingloves too.But she might go with gloves orfor she is and will be ever theexample' for every other woman on everystage to follow.As an expression, as a voice, a face,—in her immense reserve—and in herabandon, she is ever first-class.And as a woman of intelligence aof character we think there have not bee11many such on the European stage for acentury or two. Mr. Hubert Griffiths wrote verywell of her in the 44 Evening Standarda journal which, by the way, shows amarked wish to see things bettered 011the British Stage.This has given a great deal of plea- sure to a number of people. —ni-M.i-i.TTOfrTimrTi r I »- " ■inf wiSYMPATHY AND DISCRIMINATIONLAND OF THE PILGRIM'S PRIDE ANDMR MENCKEN AND MR G. J. NATHAN, The MaskFlorence, ItalyThe Editor,{protest against a slight, 110 doubtinadvertent mistake on your part.The recommendation of 44 Land of thePilgrim's Pride ". by George Jean Na- than. I do not feel competent to cri- ticize your approval of his books on thetheatre. But this miscellany pretends totreat of my country and the manners ofmy countrymen.... Perhaps you are no!familiar with actual America. Then be- lieve me, Mencken and Nathan presentno adequate picture. Their confirmedattitude admits neither of sympathy norof discrimination. Everything is deplo- rable, else they would have no material.In a world, and particularly a na- tion, where all that is beautiful shouldbe exclusively sought lor, I resent suchdiligence in pursuit ot the unlovely, themerely pathetic.Respectfully yoursG. L. WATSONLondon. O THE MASK'S RfePLY. O Sir :As you give 110 address we cannotthank you privately for your com- munication to us of your opinion ofMr. Nathan's picture of America, so areforced to do so at the expense of onemore bit of reclame for " Land of thePilgrim's Pride ".This will be all to the good all round.For you don't like the book, and otherswill no,w have a fresh opportunity ofagreeing with you, for, on reading whatyou have written, they will assuredlybuy it.We like Mr. Nathan and Mr. Menc- ken : —Mr. Nathan for his ability andhis good sense in fighting for a betterthatre without compromising : Mr. Menc- ken for his friendship to Mr. Nathan,. ..for, to tell the truth, we do ratherspecialize in Theatre, and so we havenot had time to study Mr. Mencken'swritings.If what Mr. Nathan writes of Ame- rica be not true, then he is a most as- tounding paradox ; for all he writes ofTheatre is especially true.It is just that we admire him for.Now how can a man so straight aboutTheatre be so crooked about America ?How can he so suddenly change ? Is itpossible, we mean. If, as you say, his at- titude admits of neither sympathy nordiscrimination from you, than we can onlysuppose that Mr. Nathan never wrote44 The Land if Pilgrim's Pride " ; forto feel sympathy towards him and to discriminate in regard to his work iswhat we are sure you would best like todo—being an American.Americans are as full of sympathyand discrimination as any other people,and you must admit that these two vir- tues are in the ascendant today.We all sympathize with our ownland : it's power and its glory.The power and glory of Money, forexample; when have any of us failed to ,sympathize with people who possess toomuch of it ! And we try. we honestlybelieve, to discriminate about our po- verty—if we happen to be poor.I am a poor man " says the mil- lionaire, —44 comparatively poor " headds with great discrimination.44 I am rich " cries the beggar wa- ving his last bit of shirt in the air tothe birds. No one of course is near byor he would hide under the hedge;44 but I wish I had a couple of dollars Vsays be. It shows lhat he knows some- thing.Yes, these two virtues, sympathyand discrimination, are in the ascen- dant, and it must make us all proudand not a little moved, when we realizeto the full that we are all of us reallyon the side of the virtuous angels.Do we, do you, speak ill of Mr. Na- than ? No, Sir, you are discriminateand full of sympathy spite of a seemingharshness.And after all you write without ma- lice and you are an idealist.You seek in this world, you say,only for all that is beautiful.We are sure you do. Well, take it fromus that Nathan is just like you there,and make it up, and, if you are a poorman, give one shilling to found the trueand good American Theatre and the giftwill bring much luck to things that Na- than will in ten years time from nowsay he was wTong in finding a singlefault with in America. Even as Dickenssaid ....when he could pause to recoverhis voice -between his sobs at that fa- mous banquet in New York.And you will remember that Dic- kens spoke without discrimination whenfirst he damned your country.We are entirely of your mind, wowant to see all that is beautiful in theworld and to sit 011 what isn't —in our- selves.We take it that is what you mean,and are, sincerely, Sir,Yours faithfully,The Editor. A WORD OF THANKS.WE have to offer our thanks toDr. Torre for his courtesy inallowing us to reproduce the design onPlate 6. MR. ALFRED BISHOP.■■■■■! ■ ■■■■ 1, mm -r.TMIBBIJ,. ! 1 mi WE very much regret to hear of thedeath ol Mr, Alfred Bishop, oneot the ablest of English actors and adear old gentleman.