Digital Transcription and Facsimile of Broom, Vol. 1, No. 3 (1922-01) naap_1922-01_01 Princeton University Library 3 types of paper (wrapper, inside, glossy image) 100 22.3 32 page numbering continuous with previous issue images are glued in Based on Century The back cover contains Broom logo cover in wrappers glued; inside stitched/sewn Sold for 50 cents 10 lire 6 francs 3/6 . 62 copies sold in England (Loeb papers). Sylvia Beach Broom Harold A. Loeb edt pbl Alfred Kreymborg edt pbl Giuseppe Prezzolini edt pbl Broom pbl Librarie de France dst Ernesto Fratoni prt 'L'Universelle' Imprimerie Polyglotte, Roma prt 1 3 January 1922 18, Trinità dei Monti, Rome (6), Italy Three East 9th Street, New York New York Librarie de France 99 Boulevard Raspail Paris Broom Cover Design (Woodcut) Fernand Leger cre Illustration 1 Table of Contents 2 Snakes, Mongooses, Snake-Charmers and the Like Marianne Moore cre 3 Tragic mask Gordon Craig cre Illustration 4 Dedicated to the Enemy Gordon Craig cre 5-16 Mask for a Sea Captain Gordon Craig cre Illustration 10 Prose Poems John Gould Fletcher cre The Death of England John Gould Fletcher cre 17 In the Gallery of Skulls John Gould Fletcher cre 17-18 The Secret Of Mars John Gould Fletcher cre 18-19 The New World John Gould Fletcher cre 19 The Way of Dust John Gould Fletcher cre 20 If You Had Three Husbands Gertrude Stein cre 21-25 Painting Raoul Dufy cre Illustration 26 Painting Raoul Dufy cre Illustration 27 Lady of Sorrows Shirley L. Seifert cre 28-34 Still Life Ardengo Soffici cre Illustration 35 Chateau de Soupir: 1917 Malcolm Cowley cre 36-37 Something Tells David Rosenthal cre 38 The Jack of Diamonds Eue Ehrenbourg cre H. A. L. trl 39-48 Charlie Chaplin Fernand Leger cre Illustration 42 Charlie Chaplin Fernand Leger cre Illustration 43 Giovanni Papini Giuseppe Prezzolini cre Dorothy Kreymborg trl 49-58 Caricature of Papini C. Carrà cre A. Soffici cre Illustration 53 Cloisonne Grace Hazard Conkling cre 59 [I won't tell you the name of this one] Hilda Conkling cre 60 Pigeons Just Awake Hilda Conkling cre 60-61 Candy Cigar and Stationary Waldo Frank cre 62-70 Perspiration Alfred Kreymborg cre 71-72 Dawn Alfred Kreymborg cre 72-73 Painting Juan Gris cre Illustration 74 Profound Today Blaise Cendrars cre H. A. L. trl 75-77 Proteus Paul Claudel cre John Strong Newberry trl 78-88 Trinkets Wiliam Saphier cre 89-94 Drawing William Gropper cre Illustration 94 Broomides 95-98 Last Wishes John Gould Fletcher cre 98 SOME COMMENTS ON INITIAL ISSUE. 99 Untitled Illustration 100 BROOM An International Magazine of the Arts Fubeished by Americans in Itaey Editors, Haroed A. Loeb, Aefred Kreymborg — Associate Editor, Giuseppe Prezzoeini JANUARY, 1-922 VOI,. I, No. 3. Page Cover Design (Woodcut) — Fernand Leger Snakes, Mongooses, Snake-Charmers and the Like — Marianne Moore 193 Tragic Mask — Gordon Craig 194 Dedicated to the Enemy — Gordon Craig 195 Mask For Sea-Captain — Gordon Craig 200 Prose Poems — John Goued Feetcher 207 If You Had three Husbands — Gertrude Stein 211 Two Paintings — Raoue Dufy 216 Lady of Sorrows — Shireey L. Seifert. . 218 Stiee Life — Ardengo Soffici . . 225 Chateau De Soupir : 1917 — Maecoem Co wee y 226 Something Teees — David Rosenthae . : 228 The Jack of Diamonds — Eeie Ehrenbourg (Trans, by H. A. I/.) ........ 229 Two Drawings of Chareie Chapein — Fernand Leger 232 Giovanni Papini — Giuseppe Prezzoeini (Trans, by Dorothy Kreymborg) ... 239 Caricature of Papini — Soffici and Carra 243 Ceoisonn6 — Grace Hazard Conkexng 249 Two Poems — Hieda Conkeing 250 Candy Cigar, and Stationary — Waedo Frank 252 Two Poems — Aefred Kreymborg % 261 Painting — Juan Gris 264 Profound Today — Beaise Cendrars (Trans. By H, A. L.) 265 Proteus — Paue Ceaudee (Trans, by John Strong Newberry) 268 Trinkets — Wieeiam Saphier - 279 Drawing — Wieeiam Gropper 284 Broomides 285 Poem — John Goued Feetci-ier - 288 The Editors of Broom will be pleased to consider mss. submitted to them, but all mss. must be accompanied by a self-addressed, stamped "envelope. The Editors cannot hold themselves responsible for loss of mss. in transit. Mss. from Europe should be sent to the Rome office; mss. from America to the New York office. The price of Broom is : For America, fifty cents the copy, and five dollars for a year's subscription. For Italy, 10 lire the copy, and 100 lire for a year's subscription. For France, 6 francs the copy, and 60 fiancs for a year's subscription. For Great Britain, 3/6 the copy, and one pound and fifteen shillings for a year's subscription. The contents of this issue are protected by copyright, January, 1922. Infringement of same will be prosecuted. Headquarters, 18, Trinita dei Monti, Rome (6), Itaey. New York Office, Three East Ninth Street. London Office, Cecie Paemer, Oakeey House, 15-18 Bloomsbury St., W. C. I. 193 SNAKES, MONGOOSES, SNAKE-CHARMERS AND THE LIKE. I have a friend who would give a price for those long fingers all of one length — those hideous bird's claws, for that rich looking snake and the mon - goose — . products of the country in which everything is hard work, the country of the grass-getter, the torch-bearer, the dog-servant, the message-bearer, the holy-man. Engrossed in this distinguished worm nearly as wild and as fierce as the day it was captured, he gazes as if incapable of looking at anything with a view to analysis. " The slight snake rippling quickly through the grass, the leisurely tortoise with its pied back, the chameleon passing from twig to stone, from stone to straw, " lit his imagination at one time; his admiration now converges upon this : thick, not heavy, it stands up from its travelling-basket, the essentially Greek, the plastic animal, all of a piece from nose to tail; one is compelled to look at it as at the shadows of the Alps imprisoning in their folds like flies in amber, the rhythms of the skating-rink. This animal to which from the earliest times, importance has attached, fine as its worshippers have said—, for what was it invented? To show that when intelligence in its pure form has embarked on a train of thought which is unproductive, it will come back ? We do not know ; the only positive thing about it is its shape, but why protest ? The passion for setting pecpe right is in itself an afflictive disease. Distaste which takes no credit to itself is best. Marianne Moore. Gordon Craig. Tragic mask. 195 DEDICATED TO THE ENEMY. With a prayer that they will be stronger more malicious and anyhow funnier than they have been in the past. I. Have I made a mistake. . . ? I mean am I playing the game. . . ? To begin with, is it Hockey — Polo — Cricket — Politics, or is it Theatres ? Which of these Games have we come here to play ? I must say that I was of the opinion that the Game was Theatres. And I am forced to add that I even took Theatres to be a game as good as the best, and to be played according to the best rules of the Tradition. These rules, as we all know or can find out, date far back and are not the invention of any one city. The conditions under which this game is played are sometimes poor — it rains or it shines — but if it is not always fair weather it is not always ford — and if it is really Theatres that we are playing I think everyone who cares about Sport will agree with me that it's just as easy to play the-game fairly and squarely — even if since time immemorial it has been played by some nations, groups — even groups (small groups) in our nation — in anything but a fair and square manner. It is a game — it is a sport — this playing at Theatres. I know you'll all admit so much .... The first point X am doubtful about is whether it's Theatres that our Stage folk are playing at to-day or something else — and then whether I and they are both playing the game straight. If I am, they are not; if they are, then I am not. Who is umpire ? There seems to be but one, and that is the Public. Yet the Public does not act as umpire at the decent game of cricket. One expert, skilled and watchful, careful and just, decides. I suppose then that it is the Critics who act as umpire in our game. Mr. Lamb, Mr. Hazlitt of old ; Mr. Shaw, Mr. Beerbohm but just lately, and now Mr. Walkley, Mr. Pitt Robbins, and presumably Mr. Archer forever. Now I never knew anyone less fitted to be an umpire in the Theatre game than Mr. Archer. 196 A very remarkable man, a scholar, qualified for any post in the Government service, worthy, I am told, even to be ambassador, this extraordinary figure does not really know what is to be known about the Theatre. . . and is therefore ut - terly disqualified to give the lead to Dramatic Criticism. To whom then can I put the query " How's that, umpire ? " when I see that our umpire has no notion of what's what ? And if, even in so humble a place as that of umpire we find the wrong man, then, at the crucial moment, when the field cries " How's that, umpire? " what harm may not happen to the old game ? ... a chaotic state may result. . . trickery licensed. Of Mr. Archer's, opinions I will not speak. They are as good as another man's ... in matters of state, in matters of Carnegie and other trusts I hear they are infallible. It is his facts, his dates, lam concerned with. What was, and when it was, is what Mr. Archer should know. . . and doesn't know. When he wrote that old libel "The Fashionable Tragedian", he proved what a diplomat he might have become, but he ticketed himself once and forever as no critic. . . A critic must be impartial; must not take sides. It's the thing, the game itself, he is to think of ; and to think of that — to discern, to judge, a critic must know. He may not be able to write plays (I hear Mr. Archer writes admirable plays) ; he may not be able to act, to design, or to direct; but he must know how it's done. . . what its difficulties. . . and what is the histoiy of the craft of playmaking, acting, mise-en-scene, decors, lighting, costume, and the history of the different developments which have taken place in our Theatrical Art in Italy, in France, in Germany, Spain, Russia, and eight or ten other parts of our globe. He must know this of modern developments not merely from hearsay. . . he must have seen and heard and recorded for himself. But he must not dream that the facts recorded of the years 1866 to 1916 is all that he need to know : nor those facts culled from the usual text books, for the usual text books are trash. They repeat the same old fibs with the same young flourish. The same actors' names are mentioned over and over again. . . the same references made to the same celebrated actresses. . . and meantime some of the most interesting performers' names are utterly forgotten. . . and some of the greatest. Theatres such as Covent Garden, Drury Lane, the Opera House, Paris, and the Wagner Theatre in Bayreuth have volumes written on them . ... all very proper this ; but the story of the Theatres of the world does not begin and end in that sort of thing. We hear in Magazines and in Books of Inigo Jones, De Loutherbourgh, Clarkson Stanfield, Telbin, Planche, Hottenroth, Racinet, Craven ; and that's all very right and proper too; but again, the story of the Scenic craft does not begin with Inigo Jones and end with Craven. It does not even end with Bakst, Craig, or Appia. It may even begin with them. The umpire must say. 197 And so as lam one in this Game of Theatres and the umpire's presumably somewhere about, I, on behalf of my own particular friends. . . and I count some of the most brilliant and all of the most profound players as my friends. . . ask, is this the noble old game of Theatres that we are playing — and am I, and are they, playing it fairly and squarely ? I would illustrate my point. A great master of scenography and a young one are both friends of mine. We see none of the work of the first in a Theatre of Europe to-day because he has an objection to being pelted by ignorance with the eggs and oranges supplied by intrigue. . . Now then, umpire . . . what are you doing that you say nothing when you see foul play in our sport ? The second brings his work to the Theatre and receives exaggerated praise for what is bad in it, and no understanding at all for what are sure signs of a possible development. The work of these two men is ignorantly received ; . . . at the same time the work of four of their imitators is hailed as epoch-making marvels. . . . How's that, umpire ? . . . And how long is that to be, umpire ? For if I am playing at Theatres, and if I and my friends are playing the game # I expect the rest of the field to be told it is to respect the rules of the game or clear out. But who is to bring the rogues to order ? No one can do this but the Critics. And so I hope that our English Critics will not think that the old text books of past ages and hearsay about this age, is enough to qualify even an Ambassador to be Dramatic Critic. . . to be umpire in the Game of Theatres. II. This was written and in the Publishers' hands before I became aware of a very queer thing — a very queer thing indeed — as you shall hear. Telling you about it demands a little patience from us both — you and myself — for to tell you I must talk a little of myself ... a thing we generally avoid in our books. Now for the queer thing. It appears that I am held to be anti-English ! That is the whisper which a certain gang keeps up, and, when caught whis - pering, comes out with it honestly. . . " honest, honest lago ". . . " so are they all, all honourable — lagos. " I am " decrying England " because I think and say that the state of its 198 Theatre to-day is preposterous. I who hate to see England displaying the worst theatrical art instead of the best — you who hate that too — I in agreement with you. Are we all anti-English then ? And here the spot is touched. For I understand from certain unpre - judiced quarters. . . from those who ought to know. . . that in some respects I represent the best in theatrical art. There we have it. The whispering then is " political'' .•. . Theatrical political — the ancient comic business, nothing but that — a malicious clique's cackle. Were I a writer such as Beerbohm, a painter such as Pryde, or a musician, there would be really absolutely no need for me to take the slightest note of what the enemy does or says. But unfortunately this enemy knows that by chatter and lies it can prevent me from getting my Theatre, and thus prevent me from doing my work. I'll fight that. I'd prefer that the Press and others should do the fighting while I get on with my work ; but as no one takes up the cudgels it's left to me to go hell for ] eat her on my own. Any old lie to cheat England out of the best so that the tenth best may have a chance. . . I would like you to understand me that I myself think pretty well of myself as an artist of the theatre — so thinks every artist -of himself if he be worth his salt, so don't apologize for me. The old artists knew their worth — the new ones do so too. The artists in the Theatre of England are not many, because something nowadays enslaves the mind to such an extent that it has no place nor time to grow in them. Something cramps and withers it. . . and backbiting is rampant. The mind of the great dramatist is radiant and free. — great actors must have like minds : the eye of the great dramatist sees and does not shirk seeing truth — the great actors must see the same. Yet how can the mind, the eye ; or the mind's eye see anything when the man is willing to accept personal com - fort in exchange for freedom of mind ? All that we have here (in London especially), all comforts and luxuries like cosy houses — rooms — glorious food — perfect transport in tubes, in buses, in motors — perfect organization so far as externals are concerned — bric-a - brac galore to indulge our " collecting " instincts — our pre-war fads and fan - cies catered to with the utmost care — our tobacconists too good for words — the shops overflowing with creature-comforts of every kind. . . how can all this but act as a narcotic on us at an hour when what we want to do is dependent on 199 great sacrifices — (not a newspaper phrase, but a reality) — and when what we must do and would willingly do if we were free is strangled by self - indulgence. . . We hear on all sides the catch-phrases about having nothing ... no servants, 110 money, no this, no that; whereas in England we have everything. L,et us go to where those people dwell who really have nothing, and learn how preferable it is when great things have to be achieved. By " nothing " I mean of course — and understand me clearly — nothing for themselves but bare necessities . . . and everything for their work . . their great ideas . . their cause .. . their labours. For while a man does not need all these coddling personal comforts. . • servants three or even two, silver, fine linen, and the hundred and one unneces - sary creature comforts, he does need (we all need) the necessities, the luxuries of his labour ; . . . machines, tools, materials, and the means to labour like giants . giant means. And then, after all those necessities for which millions should be set aside by the State, or given by those who have it if a State is too p00r... and if we deserved well after our labours, I for one would not decry the little luxuries we might then have won a right to desire and surplus wages to pay for. But nowadays everyone has all these things before his work has begun, and all for being a patient ass — patient ass is, I think, William Blake's phrase for us. It's of artists and craftsmen I speak, and chiefly of those artists and craftsmen in our trade — the Theatrical one. A fine trade too — a good job — a great old game — but one which should be played fairly and squarely. III. To play a game would seem to us all awfully easy :... a game of draughts, — hockey, — football, — cricket, — any happy sport. But, there are rules. One of these is so simple that every sportsman observes it. It is the first natural and ancient rule of " Don't cheat. " For if you cheat you are not play - ing the game. And this explains how it is that so few people are really playing the game. The rule is to win the game fairly or to lose it; and it is between these two tasks, that of playing fair or losing, that many of us come to stop playing games altogether. The difficulties are nothing. — One sole thing stops the game ; . . . when those against whom one plays take out a licence to cheat. A large minority of those playing the Theatrical game are actually allowed to hold such a licence. Gordon Craig. Mask for a sea captain. 201 That licence is called " commercialism Commercialism in the Arts is the li - cence sold by rogues to rogues, and which cheats the nation. % The English People are fond of Sport, games of Sport, because nothing gives them the grand feeling so much as to play fair and to see fair play. To play the game well — to keep the rules — not to cheat, trip or sneak, is to play fair. The Theatre is my game, and I shall play it fair. That's why I will lend no ear to those people who from a natural, if exag - gerated, anxiety lest I lose the game, come to me with agitated doubts and fears as to my powers, and more or less beg me to put tin-tacks on the course — dope the other fellows — and bribe the umpire's wife. I had better tell you without any more ado that I do not intend to do as they kindly suggest. It appears that every " Napoleon " does this, every great statesman, ever} 7 great financier ; in short, ever} 7 great public figure. It appears so, for a few of my friends say so. I believe they exaggerate. I believe they are a little over-anxious, and I think, as I said, I will play fair right through. us look at the friendly arguments. ist. You need money to realize your ideas. 2nd. You need the whole Press of Europe. 3rd. You need to advertise on a stupendous scale. " Cadam soap ", says one to me, "is the success of the age ; — it's a good soap — but it took great sums of money to advertise it — and advertise - ment is all. " " How should I obtain this petty cash ? " say I, " tell me. " And then I hear strange things as they unveil their innermost thoughts. . . I hear what it is that would entitle me to the licence to cheat. From what they say it would appear that to begin with I must positively bribe the umpire's wife — not forgetting his sister, daughter, and nieces — This bribery takes a hundred different fantastic shapes. The Millionaire is to be bamboozled. Commence hy lying to his best friend — she will manage to trip him up, it appears — for the sake of the art. Hang around and lend a hand as he comes down the dark lane some foggy evening. . . and rob him. . . Hold him up, in short. " Napoleon did it " — they all do it " — besides, millionaires, mean and selfish, deserve it. Extraordinary argument. 202 In other words they propose that I should hit below the belt — when the umpire is dallying with the eye of his best girl and can't see for love — Glorious proposition — " Is this done everywhere ? "I ask. " Oh yes, everywhere. " " And which land does it best, would you say ? " " Oh. they all do it well — but the style is sometimes finer in one land than in another. " " Is there a fine way of hitting below the belt ? " "Yes — yes — lots of fine ways ; some of the fine ways are a bit common, but most are exceptionally fine. You can use blackmail 1 — or perjury is pretty good — and you can employ these two in countless ways. " " Perhaps the finest, most gallant way is to employ all the liars you know and feed them with little titbits ; — you pay them, of course, some in one kind of coin, others in another. " " Yes, yes, it's very expensive... that's why you need the money — the Press and Advertisement. " Above all you must remember always to bear in mind that there is a higher and. a lower nature in everyone and never fail to appeal to their lowest nature. " " All this is so useful, " one murmurs back, — " tell me more: tell me how I should do this with the Theatre. " "The Theatre ! " cries my well-wisher — " why, the Theatre offers you un - told opportunities of this kind. " Take the Ballet, for example. . . What a field ! " " Yes, " I reply, forgetting what this meant for a moment; "itis a field I love much. " " Love, — I wasn't talking of that. Prostitution is what I mean. There never was such a genuinely decent field for prostitution as that offered by the Ballet — if you know how to handle it. . . and make it respectable — " And then the Curtain rose. The spectacle revealed was certainly the most decent, the most respect - able bit of cheating I have ever seen or heard of. But to the eye all was more than Victorian — to the ear it was positively Cromwellian. Nothing at all risque like Maud Allen. Nothing genuinely erotic like " Aphrodite. " There on the stage was the umpire's wife — his sister — his daughters — 1 Lest you should think I am jesting, my reader, I would remind you that we none of us make jokes about such subjects. It's the gaudy truth I have the pleasure of tell - ing you. People really do talk to me like this. 203 his nieces — his best girls : all of them there. . . a cabal of propriety. . . and every Jack girl of them a respectable cheat. The Ballet performance was entitled " Swindling Man." " Colossal programme." I enjoyed the evening hugely and came out. But not before I had looked round the house and listened to the audience chatting, and had seen and heard. . . wonders. t So then, — that's the little game, is it ? . . . The Art of the Theatre. Then I will play the game fair to the end, and mind all you boys do the same. For this other thing is not worth the halfpenny dip which illumines a rotten age — if what I am told be true. * * * And indeed it is a rotten age the minute you agree that it's so. Yet now when I admit no such thing — behold, this rotten age with its swindle falls back and takes its place — at the servants' table. The masters are sitting elsewhere — Heaven knows ; — and we, the artists, sit in the Gallery with the Gods. . . • Who said — who says — 'tis a rotten affair, this life, this age ; did I ? — no, I objected solely to the custom of cheating at cards and art. I find the rest of it superb. Because a greatly gifted singer cannot say one decent word for the whole show, what matter is that? — if a great actress greatly endowed chooses to waste her spare moments picking holes in the universe and her fellow men, what matters that ? — If a great statesman be incapable in every other respect but statesmanship that is nothing for those of us who intend playing the game. Because the great are so weak, is that any reason for us to shake our heads and get a fixed and silly idea therein ? If the great must be small, let them — there is heaps of room at the servants' table — let them be great there. Because these great servants like the Cinema for its popularity — like vul - garity — regret none of their own — raise a noise and the dust, what matter that to us who chance prefer to be seated at the other table ?If we eat less at the upper table than these great ones, what of that either ? — " Come down here, " 204 they yell all through dinner ; " come down 'ere and join the great and you'll 'ave all you want. " But we've a kind of fancy that we have all we want seat - ed with the Gods in the gallery — we feel anyhow that we have paid for our seats. The chief thing we want w r e have — that is singleness of purpose and the power of not altering one's mind. . . and the power to sacrifice some or all of our little personal ego for a productive egoism which believes that the thing is greater than the man. . . the work of art greater than the performer. * * * Did you ever change your mind ?. . . about something you believed in ?... Well, then, you know what it's like. . . and what the loss. To change the mind is the greatest sorrow. I have often changed it. . . but not about the Theatre. Not on your life ! as they say in America. In 1900 I asked for money to start a School for the Theatre in London. &lt;( Doa production, " they replied, " and then you will be able to get all you want." I did one. " Dido and Aeneas, " 1900, Hampstead Conservatoire, N. W. London. I asked for support for a School. " Do one more production, " they replied, " and you will be able to get all you want." I did one more. " The Masque of Love, " 1901, Coronet Theatre, Notting Hill, S. W. London. I asked for support for a School. " Do just one more production to show people what you want and you will be able to get everything you want. " I did one more. " Acis and Galatea, " 1902, Queen's Theatre, W. C. London. I asked for support for a School. " No, no, " they replied, " You must do one more production to show what you can do, and you will find everyone willing to support your school afterwards." I did one more — two more — three more. " Sword and Song, " " The Vikings, " and " Much Ado about Nothing, " 1903, Shaftesbury Theatre, W. London ; Imperial Theatre, W. London. I then asked again for support for a School. You understand that I hold the same opinion to-day I then held, which is that without a school or workshops in which I, the workman, can make and perfect a machine (and by that I mean a small but well-organized army of work - men) all the productions must be tenth rate instead of first-rate. To make a 205 production first-rate endless experiment is necessary : endless because out of thirty experiments possibly only two may prove of any value. In 1904 I produced other plays, or part plays, in Germany and elsewhere, .. . and later on I asked once again for a school. (Of course I asked England, England being my land and celebrated for fair play in all games). I was told I ought to produce " one more play, and then, ". . . etc., etc. So I found the best equipped theatre in Europe and did one more play, " Hamlet, " 1911, Moscow Art Theatre, Russia, N. Not that I believed for one moment that this was the way to do a good piece of work ; — in fact I was sure that if I played the game in the Moscow Art Theatre I should not produce the thing as I wanted. Never mind ; I would do it — and see if the others were pleased. It seems they were. — I was not. — It has already run, I am told, over four hundred nights. I then asked for my School. " No, you must produce one more play, " etc., etc., they said. And there I struck 1 . . . And I pointed to the eight plays I had produced in 1900, 1901, 1902, 1903, 1904, and 1911, and reminded them of their promises. And no sooner had I struck than my School came. It came in 1913 ; it went in 1914. . . for the war swept it away, and my sup - porter did not see the value of keeping the engine fires " banked. " So the fires went out. It is a rare business, as you know, to relight the fires once they are allowed to go out. And now I have begun to ask once more for my School. . . for my workshops. The reply is curious and original: it is, "If you will produce one play we are quite sure that afterwards, " etc., etc. That much repeated phrase, that very promising nothing, has proved worthless : and yet some friends dear to me have uttered it and still utter it. I take long to decide that others are wrong and that I am right. I would far rather be wrong with the others than right and alone. Yet I fear I am right in this case. If anything has proved right it is that what I asked for in 1900 and asked for in 1913, and still for ask in 1922, is right. . . and my friends wrong. Now the reason why good friends join in this general cry of " Produce one more play, " etc., etc., is because they see that all games are to-day being played 1 And there I still strike. I produce no more plays till I have my School. 206 by the aid of a bit of cheating. .. a bit or a good deal. The have joined in the swindle — it has agreed with them — and they are surprised it don't agree with me. If they are correct, one must, as I said above, cheat the millionaire out of his millions, setting spies on to him at the psychological physiological mo - ment when he is unsuspecting to lure out of his pocket his blank cheque. I disagree with this. One must (it would seem) cheat the actors by promises, fulsome praise* and every other dope used upon the obstinate and the ignorant. One must purchase the Press !. . . Purchase ? Hoity toity, I purchase what is already one of my truest friends ! One must, in short, cheat from first to last. I don't think I will. I didn't think I would. . . and I take this opportunity of showing how much worth lies in that guarantee that support will come " if you will produce just one more play, Fudge, ladies ! — fudge, gentlemen ! And I am most distinctly on strike again. . . a strike of one against two hun - dred thousand. I would never urge another to strike with me because, again, that is not playing the game. That is not understanding the game. That is merely underestimating one's own powers. That is conspiracy. The Dramatic Art in England is excellent — only it's not dramatic — and there is no art to it. This has come about because one of the principal rules of the game has been broken. This rule is " never say the third-best is good at the expense of the first-best and at the expense of the public. " The advertisement puts it like this : " Ask for Promethian Grates. " " Don't be put off with any just as good. " (To be continued) Gordon Craig. 207 THE DEATH OF ENGLAND. Slowly, athwart the terrible fierce sunlight that marks a blasted summer, the body of England, rigid and stiffened in death, is borne to its last long rest. Horse-chestnuts lift ten thousand waxen candles before it; thrushes intone their office in plaintive cadences ; the faint grey-purple incense of lilac is wafted into the air ; bees cease their murmurings ; and the swallow, the blithe cross - bearer of the sky, is silent. . From a million starving faces, pale and stunned with excess of suffering, a lonely silent plaint of irremediable misery climbs softly, like the great wail - ing notes of an endless De Profundis, into the ashen-blue vault of the sky. Slowly athwart the terrible days that crawl forward to where the sun is offered up on the altar of midsummer, the body of England, broken with weari - ness, is borne to the slow wailings of the chant which the winds weave about it, and the dropping of wax-white petals from innumerable hawthorn trees. Eternal rest grant her, O Lord, and the peace of the night that passes all understanding. IN THE GALLERY OF SKULLS. Shelf above shelf, there stretches out before me whatever way I go, a long straight gallery lined with yellow skulls. Millions of insignificant, vacant, hol - low-eyed and grinning-toothed brain-cases of men, containing under the domes of their foreheads, only vacuity and silence. Varying but little in size or in shape, from the Hottentot or the cave-man to the modern captain of industry, from the artist who organized his surging dreams on stone or in canvas, to the wise scientist pondering life in patience, or the idiot negro boy with empty eyes and slobbering lips, who suffered for a few years the horror of living dark - ness before vanishing back into eternity. Delicate skulls of infants, tooth- 208 less skulls of old men, shadowy fragile skulls of those dead before birth ; their flesh is long since grass, ferns, ashes, dust, their thoughts are in me or in mil - lions of my kind. They have all gone under, consigning to the silence their dreams unspoken Assuming that it is equally useless to love or to hate; yet the solid material of their bodies perishes and vanishes with the past, their childish vain dream of eternity renews itself in me and in you every day, shap - ing the deathless adornment of that song in which we may all partake for a moment. A miracle — of bodiless electric being — that surrounded and en - walled as we are with staring death before and behind us, we smile, we leap, we dance, we fight, we exist, we drop tears of bitterness on failure, and grasp still desperately for the sharp bodiless laurel of success. What more miracle than this need we seek, O men, O brothers, to prove that we become one with the gods which we, in our horror of truth and of death, incessantly destroy and create ? Some da}r this world too will become an empty, vacant skull; and the sun, exulting in life, rushing oft to warm other planets, will look deeply into the hollow sockets that once were seas ; will count the scars that once were mighty cities, will trace the furrows that once were roadways, canals, and rivers, and then will pass on silently down its own vast gallery of death to an unknown end. THE SECRET OF MARS. Some people say that the planet Mars is uninhabited. But this is not true, for I have been there and seen it. Many centuries ago, the Martians fought their last great war ; many cen - turies ago they organized a life scientifically perfect. But for all that, they were not content; and their planet, like their hearts, began growing colder every year. Then one day they suddenly decided to build a great tower to a forgotten God ; and because they were weary of their machines, they decided that no stone of it should be cut by anything else but hammer and chisel and human hands. Centuries they must have laboured, for the building as it stands is immense in desolation. It is surrounded with a forest of columns for ten miles; at the intersection of enormous aisles, poised above the glory of huge leaping arches, stands the lantern-tower unfinished, ten thousand feet high. Upon the pavement below it lies the body of the last workman, his trowel uplifted, and his hand ready to place a stone. His form is still perfect, for it is frozen in death. 209 On the tower rests the treasure of the perpetual snow; you would not say that Mars is uninhabited, could you hear the groans that the settling stone makes at sunrise or when the evening drifts swiftly across the barren planet. THE NEW WORLD. Many centuries before the old world came to an end, it had been realised by the intelligent that the old planet was in a bad way ; and that it was with her, to use an expression current in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, " merely a question of time. " Suicides became immediately fashionable; and of all the forms of suicide, the " suicide a deux " was most popular. Many lovers, wishing to marry, but realising the futility of propagating their spe - cies, invested their savings in aeroplanes powerful enough to overcome the force of gravity and to launch them into the oblivion of space, from which they never returned. Among these there were two equally noted for their wealth and their beauty. Their private affairs had been discussed in many papers ; their pictures hung in many homes ; their respective talents were the unfailing theme of millions of enterprising newsagents. Fame and fortune might have been theirs for the asking ; yet they chose, with a perversity worthy of a better cause, to launch themselves forth into space for their honeymoon. After the aeroplane had carried them at an enormous speed far beyond the confines of this planet, despite the automatic supply of oxygen they were breathing, this couple suddenly fainted. When they recovered themselves a few moments later, they were lying together amid the wreckage of their ma - chine on a plain covered with green moss, in the midst of a gigantic virgin forest. On account of the rapidity of their transit, their clothes had been completely torn from their bodies. Otherwise they were uninjured, except for a shock to the brain which made them incapable of remembering whence they came, or of speaking the least word. They were awakened as out of a deep sleep, upon a new planet of which they had not the least knowledge. The woman wakened the first and seeing the man asleep, went towards a near-by tree and began pulling leaves from it and fastening them together in the shape of garments for her body. The man, startled by the unexpected movement of a serpent in the branches, wakened too and went towards the woman&gt; babbling with startled lips incomprehensible phrases in a new speech. 210 THE WAY OF DUST. I)ust, grej r colourless dust, soft, fluffy, velvety, dust that sweeps over end - less deserts, sweeps into the crevices of buildings, dust that emerges from beaten carpets, dust that rises from this paper, blurs my weary vision at last. Man is the maker of dust; dust stirs beneath his feet; dust rises from the labour of his hands; dust increases in every fire he has made ; dust takes all his works ; the ink upon this page is only dust. In the ash-heap is salvation, and in the dust of the grave is all attainment. Far beyond the last of the planets, beyond Orion and the Milky Way, lie shapeless clouds of dust, relics of innumerable worlds on which others have also lived and suffered. In the heart of the divine darkness this dust of the uni - verse stirs and dances, and rekindles in itself, through perpetual movement, the germ of universal life and the light of common day. Embracing this dust, I embrace all things ; summoning forth this dust, I summon also God ; desiring only this dust, I desire forever immortality. I am but an infinitesimal particle of casual dust, and it matters nothing to my destiny if I live here amongst men or beyond the most distant star. John Gould Fletcher. 211 IF YOU HAD THREE HUSBANDS. If you had three husbands. If you had three husbands. If you had three husbands, well not exactly that. If you had three husbands would you be willing to take everything and be satisfied to live in Belmost in a large house with a view and plenty of flowers and neighbors, neighbors who were cousins and some friends who did not say anything. This is what happened. She expressed everything. She is worthy of signing a will. And mentioning what she wished. She was brought up by her mother. She had meaning and she was care - ful in reading. She read marvelously. She was pleased. She was aged thir - t3'-nine. She was flavored by reason of much memory and recollection. This is everything. Foreword. I cannot believe it. I cannot realise it. I cannot see it. It is what. happened. First there was a wonder. Really wonder. Wonder by means of what. Wonder by means of measures Measuring what. Heights. How high. A little. This was not all. 212 There were well if you like there were wonderful spots such as were seen by a queen. This came to be a system. Really it was just by a treasure. What was a treasure. Apart from that. Surely. Rather. In their beginning what was a delight. Not signing papers or anything or indeed in having a mother and two sisters. Not nearly enough were men - tioned by telegraphing. It was a choice. I ramble when I mention it- Did she leave me any money. I remember something. I am not clear about what it was When did I settle that. I settled it yersterday. Early Life. They were not miserably young they were older than another. She was gliding. It is by nearly weekly leaning that it comes to be exact. It never was in dispute. They were gayly not gaily gorgeous. They were not gorgeous at all. They were obliging. If you think so. If you think so glow. If you believe in light boys. They were never another. It came to be seen that any beam of three rooms was not showy. They were proud to sit at mother. Slowly walking makes walking quicker. They have toys and not that in deceiving. They do not deceive them. No one is willing. No one could be cool and mother and divided and necessary and cli - matical and of origin and beneath that mean and be sun. It was strange in her cheek. Not strange to them or that. A young one. Not by mountains. Not by oysters. Not by hearing. Not by round ways. Not by circumference again. Not by leaving luncheon. Not by birth. It doesn't make difference when ten are born. Ten is never a number. Neither is six. Neither is four. I will not mention it again. 213 Early days of shading. Make a mouse in green. Make a single piece of sun and make a violet bloom. Early piece of swim - ming makes a sun on time and makes it shine and warm to-day and sun and sun and not to stay and not to stay or away. Not to stay satin. Out from the whole wide world he chose her. Out from the whole wide world and that is what is said. Family. What is famine. It is plenty of another. What is famine. It is eating. What is famine. It is carving. Why is carving a wonderful thing. Because supper is over. This can happen again. Sums are seen. Please be polite for mother. Lives of them. Call it shall it clothe it. Boil it. Why not color it black and never red or green. This is stubborn. I don't say so. No OPPOSITION. If you had a little likeness and hoped for more terror. If you had a refusal and were slender. If you had cuff-buttons and jackets and really astonishing kinds of fever would you stop talking. Would you not consider it necessary to talk over affairs. It was a chance that made them never miss tea. They did not miss it because it was there. They did not mean to be particular. They invited their friends. They were not aching. It was noiseless and beside that they were clever. Who was clever. The way they had of seeing mother. Mother was prepared. They were caressing. They had sound sense. They were questioned. They had likeness. Likeness to what. Likeness to loving. Who had likeness to loving. They had likeness to loving. Why did they have a likeness to loving. They had a likeness to loving because it was easily seen that they were immeasurable. They were fixed by that, they were fixed, not licensed, they were seen, not treasured, they were announced, not restless, they were reasoning, not progressing. Ido not wish to imply that there is any remedy for defect. I cannot state that any one was disappointed. I cannot state that any one was ever disappointed by willingly heaping much confusion in particular places. No confusion is reasonable. Anybody can be nervous. 214 They were nervous again. This is wishing. Why is wishing related to a ridiculous pretence of changing opposition to analysis. The answer to this is that nearly any one can faint. I don't mean to say that they don't like tennis. Please be capable of sounds and shoulders. Please be capable of careful words. Please be capable of meaning to measure further. They married there. They were heroes. Nobody believed papers. Everybody believed colors. I cannot exercise obligation. I cannot believe cheating. I cannot sober mother. I cannot shut my heart. I cannot cherish vice. I cannot deceive all. I cannot be odious. I cannot see between. Between what and most. I cannot answer either. Do be left over suddenly. This is not advice. No one knows so well what widening means. It means that yards are yards and so many of them are perfect. By that I mean I know. This is not so. I am not telling the story I am repeating what I have been reading. What effects tenderness. Not to remember the name. Say it. The time comes when it is natural to realise that solid advantages connect themselves with pages of extreme expression. This is never nervously pale. It is finely and authentically swollen by the time there is any rapid shouting. Ido like the word shouting. Ido not mean that it gives me any pleasure. On the contrary I see that individual annoyances are increased by it but never - theless lam earnestly persuasive concerning it. Why soothe why soothe each other. This is not at all what is being said. It happened very simply that they were married. They were naturally married and really the place to see it was in the reflection every one had of not 215 frightening not the least bit frightening enthusiasm. They were so exact and by nearly every one it was encouraged soothed and lamented. Ido not say that they were interested. Any years are early years and all years are occasions for recalling that she promised me something. This is the way to write an address. When they were engaged she said we are happy. When they were married she said we are happy. They talked about everything they talked about individual feeling. This is not what was said. They did not talk about disin - terested obligation. They did not talk about pleasantness and circumstances. I do not mean to say that there was conversation. I do not organise a revision. I declare that there was no need of criticism. That there was no criticism. That there was breathing. By that I mean that lights have lanterns and are not huddled together when there is a low ceiling. By that I mean that it was separate. The ceiling was separated from the floor. Everywhere. I could say that devotion was more merited than walking together. What do you mean. I mean that we all saw it. When not by a beginning is there meadows and music, you can't call it that exactly, when not by a beginning, there is no beginning, I used to say there was a beginning, there is no beginning, when there is no beginning in a volume and there are parts, who can think. This pencil was bought in Austria. (To be continued) Gertrude Stein. Painting. Raoul, Dufy Courtesy Bemheim Jeune - Paris. Raoul, Dufy. Courtesy Bernheim Jeune - Paris. Painting. 218 LADY OF SORROWS. They laugh at her in Collierton, but with a queer, puzzled, false note in their laughter. And they tell tales and jokes about her ; but there fall lulls and breaks in the gossip even among the swarthy Russian, Iyithuanian, German, Italian mi - ners, as if these man brutes were suddenly moved to cross themselves and pray : " Mar}', keep us from knowing why Simikoff's so crazy after funerals ! " Collierton sprawls over a group of low hills in Southern Illinois. There is a rawness of atmosphere there, a helter-skelter shooting this way and that of streets, a hap-hazard jumble of shacks and bungalows, a general im - pression that here are the crude, jagged, unworked elements of life, not the ming - led, smoothly flowing stream of life as most folks know it. Here and there a church spire, usually topped by a cross, lifts itself above the confusion. On Center Street three cream-colored stone buildings endeavor to provide dignity — the federal post office, the Masonic temple, the Miners' Institute. Tootling in - terurban cars establish hourly connection with the world outside. The passen - gers on these cars smile as they ride through the business section of Collierton. They find it amusing that a Garavelli and a Schwartz, for instance, have formed a partnership in the grocery business. Except for the shawled women, gossiping and haggling over their market - ing and the school children trooping back and forth at intervals, you can't . see the real people of Collierton until along about four o'clock in the afternoon. At about that time, on three sides of the town, whistles, each of a readily distin - guished note, begin to blow ; and shortly afterwards special cars, motor trucks, and a dinky train on a belt line railroad dump into the streets the menfolk — whole squads of rough, smudgy creatures in clumping, heavy boots, with car - bide lamps in their caps, enormous tin dinner pails under their arms, and rude jests or brawling complaints forever on their lips. These are the ones who laugh at Simikoff and break off in the midst of their laughing. Simikoff, being English of native speech, is not counted a foreigner in Col - lierton. In happier circumstances, left to follow her natural bent, she would have been one of those priceless, respectable, serene house servants, now well - nigh extinct. But she married Michael Simikoff when she was young and fool - ish and she came to Collierton with him. Now she abides all alone in a one- 219 story gray frame cottage, much out of plumb, as if the winds of many years had blown it all askew. She flits about the dreary little yard like some stray bird unsummoned by migrating kindred. So long as she bides in the little house or flits about the yard, no one notices her in particular. It is when her spare drab figure, hooded with its dingy shawl, snoops along the street that all beholders catch their breath and ask of themselves, if no one else is handy, " Who can be dead now ?" She holds the record for snatching such news from the winds. Should the whistles of any mine blow one blast in the middle of the morning or some such dread unusual time, which means that a mine has had to close and that, probably a fatality will go on the books of that pit and that all the locals will take a holiday for the burying, Simikoff, without apparent means of communication, can tell in the half hour who has been killed, how, and what the allowance to his family will be, figured from the day when the victim entered the pits to the day they bring him up to the light which he cannot see. Now, the jesters in Collierton would attribute all this to a very bad taste for lurid news which leads Simikoff to haunt the house of death before the un - dertaker can hang decent crepe on the door. But Simikoff herself, properly inspired, to keener ears would tell a deeper story. One morning she knocked at the back door of her neighbor's house to borrow a cup of vinegar. In this house lived the young time-keeper and secretary for the greatest of the mines and his sweet young wife, to whom had recently been born their first child, a son. It was the hour for the baby's bath. Simikoff, suddenly all in a flutter, asked and was given permission to assist at the ceremony. She seated herself defer - entially on the edge of a reed rocker, planted her shabby shoes carefully on the linoleum square before the stove, fixed her washed-out blue eyes adoringly on the squirming babe, and delivered herself of the following scraps of pausing now and then, adiift among her memories, until started anew by an artful question. " You started out right, ain't you, with a boy ? I always like to see a boy come first. My first one were a boy. We called him Harry after my brother, him as were killed in an explosion at sea. I worrited some about that, feeling that it might be bad luck to call a boy after a body that had come to such an end. But I always thought so much of my brother afore he were killed — and we called the first boy Harry, after him. " Then come a girl. Rachel we called her. She were a good girl. Then come Paul. He were my last. Michael were crippled in Novak's wagon mine Paul's first birthday. Others we had, in between, four of them; but they ne - ver lived. Times were harder those days. My Paul's in heaven now fifteen years. " 220 Came the first drifting pause, Simikoff nodding her head up and down, up and down. " Yes, " she said in response to a question, " I went to the Maruka funeral yesterday. I went to two funerals Did you ever know of a worse storm here ? The rain a pouring down and the wind a cutting through a body ? But I went to the funerals, though I says to Fannie Maruka in the morning, I says, 'It's awful weather for funerals ! It minds me of the day my Harry were put away ! ' Fannie Maruka being just a day older than my Harry would have been. Twenty years ago they buried my Harry. Weather just like yesterday, the rain a pouring down and the wind a cutting through a body. And him only a lad of sixteen, one day fine and strong, the next laying in his coffin ! " Yes'm, he were killed in Skrainka Brothers' Mine Number 2. I didn't want him to work in the pits. Seems like I got afeared of the pits after Michael were hurted. Michael were never good for anything from that day. Seemed to get foolish like. I'd look at him setting in his arm chair all twisted and doddering and the horrors would get me. I wanted my Harry to get a job in Schwartz's store, but he laughed at me. " ' Mom, ' he says, ' I will work in the mines. I'll get twice as much money and play days now and then. ' " ' Play days, ' I says, ' are all counted off on pay days. And you're too young to go down underground. ' " 'Pop,' he says, 'worked in the pits when he were twelve years old. I'm fifteen. ' " ' And you see what he got for it, ' I says pointing to Michael in his chair. ' And all I got for it is so much added to his disability allowance for his working that length of time. Do not go into the pits, Harry. ' " But one day he come home, saying he had a job at Skrainka's Mine Num - ber 2. And a year later I heared the whistles. You know the noise of Num - ber 2's whistles — kinda hoarse like a steamboat. I says to Michael, I says, ' The pits have got Harry, too. ' And sure enough they brought him home. And Michael says to me, he says, ' The boys will give him a grand funeral. ' " And they did. But it were terrible weather, just like yesterday, when I says to Fannie Maruka, I says, ' It's an awful day for funerals. It minds me # • # of the day they put my Harry away ; though, of course, the Maruka burying were, nothing like my Harry's. You couldn't ask the pits to bury an old man in such grand way as they buried my first boy. " Simikoff's eyes showed no tears. They still stared adoringly at the babe, who was on his stomach now, trying hard to get a good mouth hold on his mo - ther's apron. " Pert, ain't he ? " said Simikoff. "My Rachel were pert like that. She 221 come a year after Harry. She finished High School when she were only six - teen. It were partly for to keep her at school that Harry went into the pits. She got her a certificate to teach at the school at Caneyville, just outa the town, at seventeen. " She had beaus, Rachel did. They used to fight over walking with her. She had blue eyes and soft yellow hair with curls like. She minded me of myself afore I got married to Michael. Her beaus were young men from the pits mostly, of course. But I says to her, I says, ' Have nought to do with the pits, Rachel. They got your father and they got your brother. They ought to be satisfied, but they never are, the hungry pits ! Have nought to do with the pits. ' Mom, I won't, ' she says, like a good, smart girl. ' I hate'em too. ' " So she promised herself to a Danny Killoren, as drove an express truck from here to St. Louis and back again. In one way I did not want Rachel to marry. She were full young and the money she brought in from her teaching helped. But Danny Killoren were a fine man, he had a good business, and he had rented a flat in St. Louis for Rachel. He would be taking her away. I says to Michael, I says, ' The pits will never get Rachel, now. ' But Michael were getting foolisher and foolisher in the head, so he only sat and grinned at me. Mebbe he didn't rightly know what I said to him, but he gave me a chill, grinning so. - . " It were in the fall of the year that Rachel promised herself to Danny Killoren. She would keep her school till Christmas and then wed with him. Then come a big strike in the pits, with the men grumbling and growling all over the town. I says to Rachel one morning, I says, ' Why don't you take the other road to your school ? It's longer, but you would not need to pass through the Russki settlement. ' " ' Mom ! ' she says, like a good, smart girl, ' I will after this. Just today I want to stop by and see how Sammy Sorkin is getting along. He broke his leg last week. ' " And the minute she stepped out of .the door, I felt another terrible chill, like as if I had put my bare feet in the snow. And when I turned around, Mi - chael were grinning to himself like he always did. ' Michael, ' I says, ' could the pits get Rachel, do you think ? ' But he only grinned. Rachel hadn't been gone ten minutes when I heared shooting. I says to Michael, I says, ' That's over Russki way. They have got Rachel. What for would they shoot my Rachel ? ' " Sure enough, it were Rachel. The men had been chasing strike-break - ers. Half of the gang had drove a man down one street and the other half were waiting for him to turn the corner, to get him. My Rachel come first- 222 She had on a old cap of Harry's and a big coat and they shot her afore they could tell she were a woman. "The miners brought her home. One of them were a beau of Rachel's. He says to me, he says, ' Mother Simikoff, I'd a sooner shot myself than Ra - chel. But we'll bury her. You don't need to worry about that. ' "Danny Killoren were by. He says then, ' No, I'll bury her. It is my right. ' " The miner says to me, he says, ' It's for you to say. You're her mo - ther. Which shall it be ? ' " And I says to them, I says, ' The pits killed her. Leave the pits bury her. ' " And they did. She had a white plush coffin with silver handles and a blanket of flowers, though the snow lay thick on the ground. I've seen every girl's burying in town since, but none would compare with my Rachel's. " The young mother, buttoning petticoat straps over her son's shoulders, looked uneasily at her visitor. She didn't know what she ought to say. She didn't really know in what spirit Simikoff made her revelations. The woman did not seem to ask for pity. She made her offerings as pure conversation — desolate though her tale was and pierced with tragedy as the hills about were pierced with shafts. A wind rose in the bare trees outside and moaned. The young mother shivered as she took up a dainty hand-embroidered slip. " Katy Giannini were telling me about his christening robe, " said Sim - ikoff suddenly. " She said you'd got it from a convent miles away from here. Did you ? My Paul had a christening robe sent to him from away. From Eng - land his come. I were born in England. I come to this country to take ser - vice. Then I married Michael. You never saw my Michael. No. It's just as well. Sometimes when I'd look at him myself, all doddering and foolish like the pits had left him, I couldn't believe he were the fine, big-muscled lad who carried me away with him to Collierton — where the pits would give him double of what he could earn above ground. He died the same year as my Paul and a blessing it were. If you'd trust the baby to me, you could get out his chris - tening robe maybe. " Simikoff's eyes brightened ever so little as the mother reluctantly — and ashamed of her reluctance — laid the babe in the older woman's lap. When she brought forth the exquisite tiny dress, Simikoff looked hungrily at its sheer, soft material, at the trimmings of delicate Valenciennes, at the almost invis - ible stitches of the embroidery; but not one coarse, twisted finger did she lay on its beauty. " Fine, very fine ," she said. "My Paul's had more lace and it were lon - ger, like they made'em them days. " 223 The mother put the robe away and rather stiatched her baby, who was fretting. A moment later she was $hamed for that. " The feel of them ! " said Simikoff. " The feel of them ! My Paul never lived with me after Rachel went. He were nine year old then. I says to Danny Killoren after the burying, ' If you're living in the city all the time now, mayhap you'll be lonely. In that case Paul could bide with you. ' Danny were always fond of the boy, him having eyes like Rachel's, though his hair were dark. " He says to me, he says, ' Why, Mother Simikoff, could you do without him ? ' " I says to him, I says, ' Ay, I can and will. The pits have got the best of Michael and all of Harry and Rachel. They shall not get my Paul, too. Take him away, Danny. ' " And he did. The boy went to school and everything in the city. Every week or so in decent weather he'd come back on Danny's wagon — but not too often, I asked it. And then I could grin at Michael when he grinned at me, because my Paul were safe over the river. " One day when he come over with Danny he asked to be let go up to Skrain - ka's fine house beyond the town with goods, which Danny were hauling. Some - how I did not feel easy, but I couldn't think why he shouldn't see a rich man's house and I let him. Old Mr. Skrainka were alive then and he took a fancy to my Paul. He'd send him things by Danny and ask why the boy were never along. So Paul would beg to go every time he come to town. " One day — it were springtime — Paul went for the last time to see old Mr. Skrainka. Somehow I didn't want him to go at all that day, but he went. And, after he left I had that same kinda chill like I had over Rachel. I remem - ber I run through the streets after Danny's wagon. He had not got his truck • by then. But I couldn't catch him. And I come back all shaking and shiver - ing and there were Michael grinning. I remember I shook a chair at him and scared him. He never grinned more. " I were thinking what a time the two had been gone, when the whistle blew. Number Fourteen whistle — like a screech. And I never stopped for anything. I started right down the road, running, till I found Danny Kil - loren and his wagon. He were just starting back to old Mr. Skrainka's after the boy. " I says to him, I says, 'No need for that. Drive to the mines. The pits have got my Paul anyhow. ' &gt; " And they had. Without me knowing it, Paul had teased old Mr. Skrain - ka to take him into a mine just to see. And the cable broke and the machinery for the hoist all went wrong just as they were almost out of the place ; and old Mr. Skrainka and my Paul fell all the way to the bottom of the shaft. 224 " Michael died the next day, which were a blessing. The doctor said he'd had a shock to his heart. Mayhap I scared him with the chair. " And Danny Killoren says to me after the funerals, he says, ' Mother Simikoff, come away. I'll take care of you. ' " I says to him, I says, ' There '11 be no need. The pits will care for what's left of me and bury me when I'm through. ' Why shouldn't they ? They've robbed me of everything. They've buried all my own ones. They can bury me, too. And they can ! " " Listen ! Ain't that the St. Ignace bell ! That will be Mrs. Janowitz dead. I were over to look at her last evening after the Maruka burying. I to her daughter Rosie, I says, ' She's about through. I hope you'll have better weather for the funeral. ' " I'll be going now. " As Simikoff rose, the young mother said something about a new position her husband was taking in Chicago. They'd move as soon as the baby was old enough. " I knew it, " said Simikoff. " When I first saw you, I says to Annie Muel - ler, I says, ' She ain't for Collierton. She has not the mark of the pits. Well, good-bye. " The wind in the bare treetops was moaning loud as she opened the door. Down the gray, raw street she flitted on her way to the J anowitz house, Collier - ton's Lady of Sorrows. Shirley I v . Seifert. Ardengo Soffici. Still life. 226 CHATEAU DE SOUPIR: 1917 Jean tells me that the Senator Came here to see his mistresses. As master and proprietor, The servants ushered him, Jean says, Past bogus Flemish tapestries, Velvets and mahoganies, To where the odalisque was set, The temporary queen — Odette. An eighteenth century chateau, Rebuilt to suit the modern taste, Painted and gilt fortissimo — The Germans, grown satirical, Constructed a machine gun nest Underneath the banquet hall. The trenches run diagonally Across the gardens and the lawns ; And jagged wire from tree to tree ; The lake is desolate of swans — In tortured immobility, The deities of stone and bronze Await a new catastrophe. Phantasmagorical at nights, Yellow and white and amethyst, 227 Burn the star shells and Verey lights, And the great rivers of the mist Flood all the landscape, till we feel Iyike drowned men, ghastly and unreal. Then come the younger ghosts — Odette, In skirt ballooning at the hips, Tosses a hasty kiss and slips Away to taunt the Senator, Who, strong with marc and anisette, Pursues her like a matador. The fleeing feminine takes cover Behind a Hellenistic Venus, Coquettishly hiding from her lover ; While he, beard waggling in the wind, Appears the overdressed Silenus. The mist hangs lower gradually. An enemy machine gun mocks This ante-bellum delicacy, And w T hen the firing is at rest, A bronze Priapus grieves, his chest A perforated pepper box. Malcolm Cowley. 228 SOMETHING TELLS. There is something tells a tree To wave a green sombrero, Plumed with swallows, And ride a pony-hill to the sun. There is something tells a butterfly To leave the nunnery of a cocoon, And go gipsying in colored dresses When April stirs a fiddle in a willow tree. There is something tells the feet of goats To rattle every hill-top like a drum, And kick the silver flagons From the shoulders of the grass. David Rosenthal. 229 THE JACK* OF DIAMONDS. Assuredly, the real culprit in this affair is the fortune-teller, Kvatchka. In the morning she is nobody. Like everyone else she files papers for the committee of Moskwato 1 , records the departures in a florid handwriting and argues with Comrade Gousine, the one who distributes the rations and who gives a pound of sausage to Kvatchka for the October holidays, without doubt of dog-meat. I shall denounce all of them to the Soviets, I will say that Gousine has con - cealed in his trousers-pocket, three caramels and that he has given a ticket foi the Kamerni Theatre to Maroussia, the Messenger (although it was not her turn), so that he could obtain a rendezvous with her in the corridor. I will tell everything. In a word, up to four o'clock Kvatchka is an honest citizen. No one could suspect her of anything, but towards evening, in her room, she begins her wayward life. That is to say, inspite of the formal prohibition of the Dom - kom 2 , Kvatchka tells fortunes in exchange for food, and in doing this, she screams, she groans, she quakes. Even an important inspector has gone to her house bringing a sugar-loaf and Kvatchka has retailed rubbish of this character : " You are drunk with kerosene. Your tripe will take fire ; you will become thin and sticky like an American ; you will swell up in passing a decree and then you will meauw and altogether fade away. " He did not like this; he even threatened to exterminate every superstition in the world. But Kvatchka has no fear; has she not disinterested friends ■r everywhere ? (She tells fortunes from five to eight and afterwards offers other kinds of consolation). She used to tell the future in coffee grounds, but every - body knows that the coffee of the Soviets is nothing more than burned carrots, the grounds of which are so coarse and clumsy that one cannot count upon any revelations, not even trivial allusions. While the card deck, old, with the Joker left in, will tell everything ; for example, when the rations are to be distributed for the month of February at the Galeskom 3 and how ought to * Valet. 1 Heating Committee. 2 Housing Committee. 3 Iron Committee. 230 entice that fellow Piline to the Pope, because he is cunning and grumbles, " Re - ligion is nothing more than opium and should be masticated without losing time in apportioning it. " It will indicate from whence the Messiah is to come, and not in a vague manner, but with precision; for he is the true Tzar who freezes in the forests behind the Ob, and feeds himself on wild black-berries. Unfortunately, Douniacha went to Kvatchka last Thursday, Douniacha of the big lips, who is officially invalided from the working front, but still kneads the dough in the kitchen of Brinsoff, cleans the pots of the children of Brinsoff and irons the skirts of his wife. Work has become heavier. Formerly, she had the help of the cook Fiokla and the chambermaid, Mathilda. But now Douniacha is maid of all work. It is simple enough : in the old days, Brinsoff dabbled about with war supplies, and, honestly and without hurrying himself, increased his stock in the mines and sugar refineries (how nice it was !) and now stil dabbles, but prudently, within his committee. Besides he buys the paper money of the Romanoffs from the provident petty bourgeoisie, for they no longer con - cern themselves with accumulating wealth but devote all their efforts to the procuring of bread. Yet, as one can see, Brinsoff does not live so badly, for Douniacha puts in the oven not only bread, but " brioches " — and what a lot of butter it takes to prepare them — real patties stuffed in six different ways and choice cabbages of all colours. Also it would not be unjust for Douniacha to complain, after all the patties are cooked and the skirts ironed, if enough wit were not left in her head for serious thinking. And why then is it necessary for this poor head, with its grey and sparse hair for which a half-spoon full of flax oil is necessary, why is it obliged to think so much, as if she were not just simple Douniacha, but a woman learned in religious writings ? . Her first thought is of her son, Vassia, Vassienka, Vassielok. Oh the dark little room under the stairs in the house of her old master, Siliverstoff, at Jaki - monka, and the valet Grichka with his chevrons, and better still his chiselled teeth ! How could she, such a little girl, resist him ? There were marmalades and extraordinary vows. He had even promised to have her portrait taken. As she had no fear, Douniacha had not gone to find the woman Chaboloff, who ar - ranges such affairs with a nail or so, and she had not sent her son to the orphan asylum, but had placed him at Tchelitsi near Serpoukoff and paid two roubles a month for his keep. Vassia was nine years old when Douniacha took him to the barber, Mr. Ferdinand, her compatriot, certainly not for Vassia to shave the customers, but to sweep up the hairs, and on Saturday, during the rush hour, to lather the cheeks of those waiting until the boss was free to scrape their chins. One does not know who bewitched him : most curious ideas began to trot about in his head. He did not lather the customers very long and three months af- 231 terwards, in the spring time, made off, without whispering a word to Mr. Ferdi - nand or to his mother. Douniacha howled so loudly that she lost her place four times. She went to the fair at Divitchi and to the pilgrimage of Saint Serge, but she didn't find him. She became calm, but not resigned. Where could he be ? Even if she met him she would no longer recognize him. He has a mark of identification but it is hidden, under his left breast, a red spot like the diamond on a playing card. Douniacha even asked Triphone, the janitor, "If you see in the bath someone who has under his breast a diamond, seize him, he is mine. " But why should Triphone bother to search, it was not his flesh and blood, this Vassia ? Is he alive, this Vassia ? Perhaps when she burns a candle for his health, she only tortures his soul in heaven ? Father Aphanassi has taught her that there was no need of worrying but that she should pray for his health and for the victory of the Christian army, because at his age, Vassia must be a soldier. And now perhaps the devil has stolen the innocent one. For look, the son of the grocer Perloff, a saint, a true worker, has he not become an important bolshevik ? With their cursed claws they rake in souls. Now this is the second thought of Douniacha. It is not any easier. She thinks of the awful mess and of all the trials of the church of true believers. Even under the soul they have dug a trench, the plotters ! Douniacha has seen at Zatsepa, in front of the market, the picture of the chief tyrant with his pince - nez on a string; he smiles in his little beard, and how many Russians has not this Herod exterminated ? Is it possible that the bread cards themselves carry the insigna of anti-Christ ? The infernal writing burns one's fingers, and still one has to carry it into the shops and on one's bosom near the heart in order that no one can steal this treasure. Father Aphanassi told not only this. The devils even dared to touch the relics of Saint Frol, but God did not permit it; He veiled their eyes with an eclipse, and the monks and good Christians saw the indestructible flesh with a golden ear of corn sprouting from its entrails, while the red " grass - hoppers " 1 saw only an appalling apparition with raging fire inside. Douniacha knows all; how Saint Nicholas under the gates of the Kremlin rent the ignoble veil, and how the Dove of the Holy Ghost of the convent of Tchoudoff flew into a filthy barracks and upset with its little wings an idol of stone with moustaches before which all those inscribed must prostrate themselves when denying the Saviour. They wished also to inscribe Douniacha, but she lay down in the coal bin under the .servant stairs, and remained there all the night without daring to sneeze, but praying inaudibly to the Father. A few days ago, a new misfortune. A bolshevik, a miscreant, who was walking under the stairs, casually requisitioned the drawing room of Brinsoff and immediately moved out all the furniture, 1 Bolsheviks. Fernand Leger. Charlie Chaplin. Fern and Leger. Charlie Chaplin. 234 bringing in with him a half-pound of paper and the dirty mugs of Satan's whole army. He begged Douniacha in a very sweet voice to give him a little hammer, and immediately began to nail their faces to the wall, and as he could not stand the sight of the ikon, he told her to take it away, for in front of the pure faces of Saint Cosina and of Saint Demian the devil's seed suffocated. What woman could have had vile enough bowels to bring forth such a blonde toad ? He looked at Douniacha with his yellow eyes, until her feet trembled, and tried in whispers to send her to perdition : " Friend, a little hot water ? " Douniacha knew that he was a messenger from hell, the last tempter. She prepared herself for the supreme torture. It was after all this that she went to question Kvatchka about her future And with her, she took her ration of a quarter of a pound of powdered sugar. Kvatchka evidently understood what was wrong at once: that is to say, she screamed at the cat, the actual likeness of the Blonde One even to his yellow eyes: " Get out of here, hussy, leave this holy place. Look at his fat paunch ; he has stolen a cup of milk ; he has lapped up a thousand roubles without sneezing ." Afterward, spitting on her fingers, she made a fan of cards and without looking at them, picked up one and commenced to tap her foot, marking time; and, with the voice of a ventriloquist, breathed into the ear of Douniacha: " Your fate is the Jack of Diamonds ; get ready for the final test. " knows that the Jack of Diamonds is a peaceful card and fore - tells happy thoughts. Kvatchka is intelligent and cunning. It is not in vain that she has used her fingers at cards until they are callous. She does not look at the surface of the cards, but at their insides. Nothing is concealed from her. But she did not wish to give explanations to Douniacha, only scolding her when she left, because the sugar was yellow and damp. Douniacha wondered all the way home how to interpret the difficult card. Diamonds have a light colour, the colour of God, not like spades. Vassia has a diamond over his heart. May the Sainted Virgin guard him ! And the valet looked like this scoundrel of a lodger. From whence must she expect her fate ? From her little pigeon, or from this man with black claws ? Passing by Volkhonka, the eyes of Douniacha noticed a new defilement. From a wall, a naked man looked down, of violent blue, with red spots, as if crabs had seized him with their pincers in the depths of hell. From his navel, peered a third eye, huge and red. Probably a sinner, a head printer. Around the picture there was a crowd. Douniacha drew near. " What's happened here ? " An old man with glasses (Douniacha knows him well; he used to own a little shop) read gravely : " Exhibition of the Jack of Diamond " 1 , and kindly added : 1 Exhibition of the Russian Cubist painters. 235 "He is their patron. " When Douniacha heard that, she did not fall to the ground ; she did not even cry out, but she prayed in her soul that her fate would arrive more quickly, and not make her languish in uncertainty, because she knew very well that what must come will come. And in truth, the next morning, all began. The Blonde One called, as if it were not on purpose, and begged her to take his cards of the Domkom committee because he hadn't the time ; he had all kinds of appointments. " Comrade, sign for me at the office. " Douniacha understood what that would mean. " I sir, I mean, comrade? I am not accustomed to this. " " What ?" "Just that; I have kept my soul pure." "In that case, comrade, you will have to go to the lyikbies." l "You can put your spikes under my finger-nails if it is your will, but you cannot force me to kneel down before the devil. I will not do it. " The Blonde One laughed uproariously; he was very gay. He explained that it was not the devil's house ; but a school. Such was the edict of the Likbies. "Science is light; that's all. " He also had been an illiterate; had run away from his home, had begun to read books and it was by his own wit that he had arrived at all. " Here is the address of the school, not far away from the ramparts of the cows, in the old tea house of lontarioff. " (The poor man is dead ;he did not live to see such an insult.) He gave her the address, threat - ening a little : "If you do not go yourself, a soldier, armed with a gun, will take you there. " Douniacha went in haste to search for Brinsova. " Madam, my dear lady, save me from my bolshevik. " She told her everything. Brinsoya herself was scared to death. " Don't call me madam, but comrade ; what do we know, everything is possible ; they can lock us up in a moment; I cannot help you. Fool, I lost in a strong box a brooch of eighteen carats. What do you want; it is not a prison to which they are taking you; but to a school. There is nothing to do. Go. L,earn, or don't learn. Stay quietly in your corner and think what you like." Douniacha went there. You can't hide yourself from your destiny. She finds some old mossy women, sitting down ; one of whom has a tooth protruding, another a tuft of hair curling from her ear ; some peaceful old men, very musty, and above, on a platform, a sordid picture. Beside it, a hussy, with her hair cut. Impudent in a soldier jacket. And then a most disgusting thing occurs. The hussy waves her hand as if it were a sceptre and all the old people droned through their noses : " B-A-BA. " One must render homage to the idol. Dou - niacha seated, trembling, in her own flesh, is descended into hell. Then the wo- 1 i. e., face of the devil, an abbreviation in the Bolshevik terminology for the Com - mission for the liquidation of illiterates. 236 man questioned her : " You are a new one ? Repeat: B-A-BA. " Douniacha jumped up and shrieked frightfully : " You can't make me take the oath. I will accept death, but I will not utter obscenities.'"' Douniacha loved clean - liness to extreme. She considered it a mortal sin to leave footmarks in a room. Very kind to animals, nevertheless, she wished to drown the cat Mourza when he made a spot in the salon on the Persian carpet. But she could not stand this. She spat right in the middle of the school. " I deny your kingdom ; I know now who leads you. It is our lodger. You can torture me, but even into his rotten moustaches, I will spit three times." Crying which, she went out. She did not go back home, for the Blonde One is there who doubtless knows everything, and will take the seal and mark her brow, and behold, her soul will be lost to eternity. She had no weapons except her little scapulary and she did not know the words. Then she remembered her old friend, a very wise adviser, Ivan Kous - mitch. Though he was far away, she ran there without a stop. Ivan Kousmitch was, in the old days, an embroiderer in gold. He made epaulettes and grew tender over his metal stars. " The wisdom of heaven, the beacon of the magi, I will cause by my intelligence to fall on those shoulders worthy of it. " And later, when the uprisings commenced, when the little stars of gold fell from the epaulettes of the generals, he shed a few tears but did not complain. He turned to the everlasting stars and concentrated on the Apocalypse. Nobody could expound it better than he ; the uncovered pit, the woman clothed with the sun and the horses of different sorts. In the morning he bought from the workers'of the,Guibartovski factories, stolen yeast and sold it again at the market; in the evening he expounded the Apocalypse and gave advice. He was much amused at Douniacha's story. " Last Wednesday, I already had a foreboding. It is true that it was not a blonde, but a brunette like coal. It was your murderer. I know a great deal and I will reveal it to you. You, you are Judith, according to the divine words. You will destroy Holofernes, who wallows in debauchery and filth. You will save the empire of Russia. You will protect the Holy Church. Prepare yourself for a mission, I see a halo around your hair." Dou - niacha bent to the ground. "I am unworthy of that, Ivan Kousemitch. I drank a little milk on the Eve of the Assumption, and other wicked deeds hang heavy upon me. " But no, Ivan Kousemitch knows it is not in vain that he speaks these words ; on Douniacha has fallen the greatest honor, to conquer the enemies of the human race ;to suffer for the evil of the world. The lodger, the Blonde One, the Jack of Diamonds, is no other than the devil. It is not with her naked hands that she must go against him. Ivan Kousemitch owns different weapons, little crosses, scapularies, forbidden prayers, potent invocations. The devil is not so strong, he also has weaknesses, but one must know them. The easiest way 237 is to seize him when he is still very little, when his horns are only beginning to come out, sicknesses possess him, pimples and weaknesses of the flesh./ Also if one seizes the devil, although fully grown, on the night of " Pantelemon-le- Cuerisseur, " and if one whips him with a blessed branch, he will go under cry - ing ; without losing time it is then necessary to pickle him in cucumber brine and hold him there until the decomposition is complete. But against the Jack of the moustaches, Ivan Kousemitch will give her a weapon, trustworthy and quick acting ; a little jar of Holy Water from the Sainte Montagne. Douniacha should approach him in the night, creeping towards the sleeper, uncover his nakedness and sprinkle him with holy water, murmuring at the same time, "In the Jor - dan, the bath of the world, for Satan and his disciples, mortal death. Amen. •" The devil will tremble ; his little tail will fall oft'. From his entrails will burst forth growlings of a dog, and soon he will dry up, shrivelled like a hedge-hog. Douniacha went home, stern but inspired, bearing the little jar. She be - lieved in Ivan Kousemitch, only doubting one thing. She felt unworthy, stained by her sins ; she will lack the purity necessary to overcome the evil. A sinner, believing little, she will perish without attaining her object. At Brinsova's she asked absolution, humbly, kissed the hands of her mistress and then put on a clean shirt to present herself fittingly and prayed to the Virgin with fervor. The Blonde One came home late. In ignorance of the plans of his opponents, he sat in several committees and figured out how many schools they would open in 1930, for the miners of the Government of Perme. All men would be conscious and efficient, like American machines, as if they were more than a heap of pu - trified bones and miserable flesh. ''They have not the time to live, already they are tainted with age/' Everything is regulated ; here the prison, there the spree ; one has not even time to hiccough between the acts. He counted : " Schools, 318; scholars, 16,000. Schools, 94; scholars, 7,000. Plus four supple - mentary schools. " Having finished his figuring, not excepting the Bachkirs -and the Mordvas, he drank a glass of tea, made from leaves gathered by the post boy; in place of sugar he sucked a little spoon which tasted of white metal and herring, and afterwards dragged himself home with a heavy portfolio contain - ing diagrams, plans and notes weighing at least ten pounds. With her eyes glued to the key-hole, Douniacha hardly breathed. She waited for the Blonde One to go to sleep. Before closing his eyes, it occurred to him to read a paper, and when he had finished, he said aloud : " Ha, ha, in Argentina, already a strike. The world conflagration begins. " He smiled, carefully took off his patched trousers, placed them on a chair and plunged be - neath the covers. Soon Douniacha heard a light snoring like a child in his cradle. How innocent the devil can seem! She made the sign of the cross, softly opened the door, without creaking, 238 drew down the sheet and began to sprinkle and to mumble. The Blonde One jumped and began to howl terribly, just as Ivan Kousemitch had foreseen. With - out being able to open his eyes, he waved his hands and cried. Full of faith in her coming victory, Douniacha drew near him, but a final trial awaited her. A horrible sword was suspended over her poor heart : his shirt had opened and Douniacha saw the diamond birthmark which she had borne, the mark of her blood. " Vasska, son, Jack, valet, Antichrist " — and with an inhuman cry, she ran down the stairway of cold stones, through the empty court, down the street, God knows where, fleeing her curse, into the forest, into the snow, into the fire, down to the furnace of hell. What flames devoured her entrails. And the other, the other with his chev - rons, with the portrait and the marmalade. Was he also then a devil ? She had absorbed the seed of the Devil, she had borne him within her, with her Chris - tian blood ; she had nourished him for the destruction of mankind ; there is no more hope for her. The charitable Virgin herself averts her tearful eyes, con - ceals behind the clouds her little wounded hands, for she cannot hold them out to the Devil's mistress, to the nurse of Satan. Far away, beyond the gates of the town, near the Tartar cemetery, she fell down on a pile of snow and began to swallow it, to quench the terrible fire, but the snow burned her mouth and tongues of fire, flaming worms writhed in her belly, mounted her throat, twisting her driedup breasts, and always she sank deeper and deeper into the snow. Only her feet, in brown shapeless boots, still stuck out, two withered stumps. From the French version of Eue Ehrenbourg. 239 GIOVANNI PAPINI. The time is always opportune for writing something about Papini; the more you endeavor to define and characterize him, the more he seems to evade you and create a new Papini who forces a revised judgment. But this changeable - ness is a permanent characteristic of the writer, and it soon occurs to one that Papini, at bottom, always remains the same. The contrary is the general belief ; one speaks of his contradictions and of his alterations. One reproaches him for them. They are superficialities. Many legends are current about his person - ality. It is a great temptation to wander into poetry and lyricism when under the sway of his vital spirit. We must be very careful to give due value to what the youths write about him, though what they write is always exaggerated, as it is difficult for them to remain serene on the subject of Papini. To do so, one must have felt him, have undergone him, as one does an illness. Also, it is necessary to guard against that which the old men write about him, for they are either bitterly opposed or completely subjugated by him. It is best to speak of him in simple words — to address, let us suppose, an American who knows nothing whatever about him. This is what I should say to my American : I. In January, 1901, there appeared in Florence, unheralded by any barometer, a strange literary magazine, printed on hand-made paper, illustrated with ori - ginal woodcuts, and written entirely by youths unknown up to that time. In the contents each month, an editorial, and critical notes appeared, signed " Gian Falco, " pregnant with poetry and passion, irony and romanticism, color and sensitiveness, treating in the most independent spirit philosophic and moral problems of all kinds, far from any preoccupation with actuality, and of - ten in direct and abrupt conflict with the current ideas then prevalent in Italy, such as " Positivism " and Christian and Tolstoyian Socialism. 240 This periodical soon became greatly renowned, perhaps more renowned than read, and was called " Leonardo The founder and editor who gave it importance and character, revealing in its pages those strange attitudes and violent passions, this spirit of extrava - gance and insolence, was Giovanni Papini since known in Italy as a writer, read and admired by the young — the most hated and the most loved. II. In appearance, Papini reminds one of a certain kind of pear, ugly to look at, yet sweet to eat. At first sight, unpleasant; his lineaments irregular, the mouth too large, the jaw too prominent, the teeth protruding. The nose is too flat and his complexion pasty, like the earth. His walk is that of a comical skeleton, distorted and disproportioned, for his body is too long. But look at him closely : you will see that his appearance as a whole acquires another aspect when viewed in relation to his personality, You can only think of the sea when you meet his grey-green eyes, of the mountains when you regard his forehead, high and spacious, of the forests agitated by the wind of April, when his curly hair blows in free disorder. Here is a man different from the rest, you will say, for where another man would appear ugly, you feel that Papini is only strange and exceptional. He is a marked man, and this may mean good or evil, but betokens always a personal fatality. The large veins which cross his forehead and descend down to his nose, the extreme myopia which gives him a look of vagueness and ingenuity, of indefinite direction, as if he were far away and occupied with lofty thoughts ; the cheekbones protruding like those of a Mongolian, a little cruelly, reveal the irregular features of a man possessed by a soul far from the commonplace. Is he demon or angel ? III. When you hear him speak for the first time, you will probably have the im - pression that you are conferring with a demon. If he is an angel, he is the angel of darkness and of negation, of wounded pride and of corrosion. It is his custom to receive you rudely, with very embarassing questions, either half derisive or directly insolent. If a third person be present, by chance, in the role of audience, he will in all probability let fall from his lips a flow of paradoxes, assailing your dearest convictions, or shower you with sarcastic remarks where your defense is weakest : at your secret absurdities and predilections. 241 Once he was introduced to a certain man who had tried in vain to commit suicide a few months previously. As soon as he heard the name, Papini remem - bered the story and said : " Look, the only good thing he might have done in his life, he failed to accomplish " Of this type of anecdote, one could relate dozens. The embarassing ques - tion, the insolent observation, the piquant retort, have been for a long time a specialty of Papini. A university professor, who had often been snubbed by him, took the oppor - tunity one day, at the memorial celebration of Carducci, to approach him. Said he, lachrymosely and with Jesuitical glances : " Let us make peace, dear Papini. " Quickly the other answered : "An armistice, an armistice only, Pro - fessor. " The many witticisms, the epithets hurled by him at writers of his and other times, the scoffing and the irony which have filled his magazines and books, are not the corrosive acid of an intelligence consciously setting out to do harm to others, but the natural expression of a fresh mind which conceives with great rapidity and in lightning flashes, — with that scintillation which is possessed by romantics such as Schlegel, an accompanying characteristic of the true genius. If he has been able more often to see the ridiculous side and to point out the defects, rather than the good qualities of the people about him, shall we attribute it to the fact that these phases are the more obvious ? Or, is it an inclination of his spirit which has suffered overmuch, which has not been loved enough, which has become sour, desiring above all to appear locked, closed, diffident, deaf, willing rather to lose the possibility of finding a beautiful soul, than to let itself be defrauded one having in reality, only its semblance ? It seems to me evident that the latter is the case. His life as narrated by himself is not a happy one. And perhaps he has not disclosed the very depths of his bitterness. Physically unfortunate, he lacked in his early years that understanding of a sensitive nature so essential for producing the unconscious happiness enjoyed by children. We dare say, he has had no boyhood —orif he has, he has lived it out of that period. Spring found him as a tree that has blossomed too soon and consequently suffered from frost. One feels that some cord in him has been broken, that the regret which quivers in his words is due to some early injustice. Love and friendship have come to this soul too late, when it was irrevocably wounded. The scar remains always, and through a scar, sensitiveness is perhaps less able to penetrate than before. That coldness, that scepticism that one notes in Papini, grow from there — and from there grows his rudeness too. He passed the years of his youth immersed in mad study and black pessimism. It is rarely one recovers from an initial misanthropy such as that felt by him. 242 IV. There are cries of tenderness, and a seeking for love growing from the same sentiment, in the first fantastic-romantic period of Papini's work. He is interested in philosophical and moral problems, but these assume a purely literary expres - sion taking spontaenously the form of legends and myths. These remind one of the methods of Baudelaire and Poe, the moral essays of Maeterlinck and the travesties of Laforgue. The classic book of this period is the " Tragico Ouo - tidiano "; in the last editions, "II Pilota Cieco " has been added. In this vein also is a third and inferior work, " Buffonate which represents the tired rem - nants of the inspiration of that type. These writings have a glitter of false antique gold, artificial, yet seductive. The device is nearly always original, the gesture a happy one, but there is a rudeness in the style, and at the same time a little of affectation when compared with his later writings, which are much more human and solid. One notes here two probable reasons for his change (not overlooking the prin - cipal one — that of his constant development, his continual unveiling of him - self and the perpetual effort of writers to fathom the depths of themselves) : on the one side, his life in the country and his marriage ; on the other, his careful study of the classics. Bulciano and the collection of " Scrittori Nostri " (Our Writers) ; — already this " Our " was the beginning of a new phase of Papini's — coming as it did at a time when he had only been speaking of international lite - rature, Spanish and German ; Arabian and Chinese. It was for him a renewal of a life lived ; to find again, or find for the first time, human experiences, and to enlarge his vocabulary of people an authors, which up to that time was poor, abstract and often common. Blessed be the poverty which compelled him to live in Bulciano, and the need which forced him to become an editor — and we need not look too closely at the punctuation of his text. V. The conclusion of this movement was a book of confessions, the masterpiece of Papini, " FUomo finito " (The Finished Man). One need no longer refer to Hamlet or the Devil, to invent characters, or feign extraordinary adventures when wishing to recount the torments of a life. One says, finally, — that tor - ment, that life, the rUomo Finito, is Papini himself — his own story, his life, C. Carrà - A. Soffici. Caricature of Papini. 244 his own intimate thoughts — from childhood to his final confessions. He has tried everything — and succeeded in nothing. He has sought always the impos - sible, the too great, the too high. As a child he dreamt of compiling the encyclo - pedia of encyclopedias ; so as man, he dreamt of becoming the revealer of a new religion. But everything has failed him : family affection, the understanding of the spirits who surrounded him, help of friends, the ecstasy of real love. Here he is, discontented, disheartened, broken. Another man, of mediocre mentality would be satisfied with his fame, with his success, with his " position " — but Papini aspired to a greater glory — that of a genius who spiritually over - turns the world. What he wished most to have written, was a " universal judgment, " and the entire book is a cry of dissatisfaction, a clamour toward the unattainable. It is his masterpiece because it is the most honest and sincere of his works. His other books are more often those of the Papini " who wishes to hide his secret. His secret is his weakness. Papini is not a strong man, and as he knows his vulnerability, he isolates himself, entrenches himself behind a breast-plate. There he remains with the audacity of the timid — attacking, scoffing, engaging in polemics, denouncing. Not only does he say impertinences ; he writes and publishes them. In this manner he has won his fame as an " enfant terrrible " of literature. If there is a scandal to instigate, he thinks of it at once ;he is ready to speak of a rope in the house of the hanged ; to talk of anti-semitism at the home of a Jew; and of divorce with a divorcee. He has acquired this reputation a little through his natural temperament and a little through his desire of making it so — and of augmenting it. If there be an unmentionable word, he speaks it at once. And in certain of his shorter works, we find five or six of the worst substantives ever used by writers, from Dante to Carducci. There is in him a little of Bernard Shaw, but of a Shaw less contented with himself and his impertinences ; above all, Papini is more unsatisfied — and therefore changeable. And perhaps dissatisfied because of being obliged to be changeable. VI This reproach of being changeable is the most common and perhaps the most true of the many reproaches flung at him. Nothing could be more evident. With the exception of a few strong antipathies, such as the one for Croce which has always remained, one might say that every two or three years, Papini chan - ges his opinions. He has been positivist, idealist, pragmatist; has believed in philosophy and then scoffed at it; has combatted, then embraced and finally 245 abandoned futurism; was passionately in favor of the war — then soon tired of it; has been anti-Christian and now apparently has become Christian. In his writings, one can find mockeries of all opinions — and reasoning in favor of all faiths. All this is quite true — but... And there is a " but". An analysis of the mutability of Papini's temperament brings important results. First of all, it is disinterested ; secondly, it denotes an extreme prosensitiveness to whatever the times demand, and finally, it reveals still another secret aspect of Papini's mind. His mutability is that of a lyric spirit ready to enthuse for that which is not yet realized, and incapable of undertaking afterwards the more arduous task of dominating the real obstacles. Papini's weakness is here also demons - trated. There is in him an intense desire for truth and faith, of living in contact with that reality which he missed when young ; of feeling himself convinced ; and all this is in direct opposition to what he so often appears to be, a cynic, a mocker, a sceptic. He is sceptical, but suffers from being so ; a cynic, but his cynicism hides a sorrow ; he is a mocker, but how he would love to be mocked providing he had a faith. His revolt against the ideals he once loved is not the expression of the mal - content toward those faiths that have not held him enough, have not totally inflamed him. His movements toward ideas, groups, literary fashions, problems of the day, are quick at first — and reach their goal in- one jump. It is his readiness to accept a new subject, a new ideal, that reveals the genial aspect in him. But the conquests of Papini, if they are quicker than those of others, are also less durable. He is as a child who sees far above him a little rose cloud, climbs the mountain quickly to touch it — and finds upon nearing it, that it has become grey. The realized reality does not satisfy him, and he becomes bitter, critical, ironical and aggressive. This has been the fate of the ideas and movements of which he has hoped the most : idealism, futurism, his war - enthusiasm. VII. As often happens, Papini is known more for his " ideas " — that is, those ideas he caught here and there and soon abandoned, than for having given to these ideas, life, character, importance, relations, logic (sometimes elementary), which they had not in themselves . He has been, and this is not the first example, more admired for his unworthy and passing actions than for his better and pro - found ; for his clamorous discordant manifestations rather than for his penetra - ting and silent ones. On the whole, his fame was chiefly won during the period of futurism and " Lacerba ". 246 However, he has derived the greatest benefit from one characteristic of his mentality, notable especially in his articles : an extraordinary capacity for grasp - ing in all problems the three or four chief points of importance and developing them with the greatest simplicity and often, ingenuity, using phrases of such an imaginative quality as to completely capture the reader. The power of rhe - toric that some men possess over the masses is also in the hands of this man. His ingenuity has rendered it possible for him to approach the mentality of the humblest and to find readers among the lowest classes. And in the meanwhile, so few have noted the great progress made by Pa - pini in his writing. Generally, one asks for the " Papini " — without distinc - tion or hierarchy ; one also judges him without discerning the deep from the superficial, or even his progress through and beyond his varied methods. His career, if one may so express oneself, is a succession of leaps, followed by long - periods of lassitude and stagnation, during which the forces for a new jump seem to mature. Arrived at the summit again, he seems, after a little while, to lose his footing and fall back once more. At the very beginning of each of these periods, his productions are the best. Meanwhile, he is making constant progress in his instrument: the language. This is mainly notable since his seclusion in Bulciano and his study of the clas - sics. He has even temporarily adopted rhythm and rhymes to show how easy it was for the Tuscans to compose in a given traditional line. Of course, Ido not believe that in this lies proof of his genius ; rather, he has measured with them the extreme elasticity of his natural talent. Papini is primarily an artist — but one of a special character : he is an ar - tist of " ideas His world of colours and forms (the external world) has presented itself to him a little late perhaps, and with a few exceptions, the rest of his work is that of talent, literary science, and we might say, is more academic than lyrical. His is a moral lyricism, the lyricism of one who is always preoc - cupied with logical and ethical problems. Without enclosing them in their proper philosophical forms, he presents them, following the method of certain foreigners, in their sentimental and aesthetic aspects. This may again recall to us Papini's mutability and dilettantism, but can easily be explained. For him, it is not the ideas which sustain his spirit. These are only considered lyrical occasions. This also explains his minute erudition, which has never satisfied the men of learning, but which has served to give to many of his writings an appearance multicolored and interesting ; comparable to the appearance of the drawing-room of a gentleman of good taste, in which are gathered together — masks of savages, impressionist paintings; Etruscan vases and Greek robes; tables of the sth century and Chinese drawings. No student -wishing to construct a history of art or of the human spirit would be content 247 with such a miscellany, but, at the same time, the drawing room looks very well, and assuredly, at first sight, has the power to attract and distract one's attention. &gt; VIII The personality of Papini is so rich that it can best be compared to a gor - geous branch in blossom, whose buds one can pick without injury to the ap - pearance of the whole. We now find no more detractors of Papini; but batta - lions of people more dangerous — his admirers. We call them dangerous, but they are only temporarily so, for no critic, favorable or unfavorable, can sti - fle the flow of a poet's life. A poet who has natural inspiration and perseverance, though men swear his incapacity, forges ahead, always ahead. Papini is the strongest and most original prose writer of our generation, in addition to being the representative of all the good and the bad that is ours, — the torments, the changeableness, the uncertainty, the aspirations. His torment has passed into others — awakening their spirits without being able to. give them rest. He has been a man tormented who torments, an impregnator of doubts and questions which he leaves unanswered. The answers will be sought for by the young of his period and by those who follow. Papini will remain as a type. In his extravagances and insolences, in his gestures whose sincerity we sometimes doubt, in his angers and disagreements, and in his more equivocal sympathies — he still radiates about him something sympathetic ; which explains why anger has been pacified and wounds have been healed, and why Papini is now considered to be above the melange and more or less accepted by the crowd. His name' will be known as the name of a good writer. It will be easy for the future generations to recognize in him one of the purest followers of Carducci, one of the rungs of that chain which tomorrow shall stretch between the writers of the past and the writers of the future. His periods of indignation and his revolutionary proposals will be forgotten by all. His place will be among the powerful literary figures ; among those from whom Italian culture has fed its brain. It will happen to him as it has to certain painters, called " exception " painters, whom to-day we admit in the perfect line of tradition. His geniality, his inspired poetic sense in carrying on an argument, describ - ing a scene or drawing a character (the latter rarely), will always be charac - teristic of him. Above all, he is a writer of movement. In his manner of open - ing a paragraph and of closing it, after elaborating his thought; in his personal participation in the dramas of life or of social problems, there is always evident 248 that clear energy which one misses in the style of Pascoli and d'Annunzio, and which is the characteristic of our best Italian tradition. In this lies his power, his distinctive personality. And in the depths of Papini's soul, there are still unexplored and unsatis - fied regions of tenderness — his need of love — to which all have turned a deaf ear — and for which no one of us has done enough. From the Italian of Giuseppe Prezzolini. 249 CLOISONNE. On the sands, on the witidy beaches You ran with me through bareness and salt glitter And saw far out the flashing of coral barriers And the wind-heaped ocean all peacocks and swans. . . And you remember a bay of northern forest Brimmed with mist of autumn mornings : The nearest hemlock was the leaning wraith of a brig . . . Others followed ghostlike along a trail of sun . . . Masts of veiled ships drawing delicately shoreward To drop anchor in a field of goldenrod. . . You have not forgotten the wind of those mornings .... You have not forgotten the streaming running throbbing foaming wind You have not forgotten the mist blown away like a thistle feather . . , I say you have not forgotten What you have never known ! Iran alone on the beaches, Alone I watched the dark sails of the trees Fill with wind : How shall I give you these moments ? Yet I may shape them for your hands . . . If you will take home the bowl I have just finished Cool with enamel of hyacinth and sea-green jade I can the sooner set about making you another Out of ebony and honey-colored shells. Grace Hazard Conkling. 250 I. " I won't tell you the name of this one ! " Softly, softly, Gently, gently, Over the tree-tops to the sky, Back again to the hills, Footsteps lost, footsteps unseen, Always vanishing . . . Softly, softly, Gently, gently, Don't you make a noise now ! This wonder-creature comes But once a year ... Comes on tiptoe booking under leaves . . . Softly, softly, Gently, gently . . . (Was it the wind ?) II. PIGEONS JUST AWAKE. As the sun rose, Everything was bathed in gold ; Trees were still and solemn, 251 Pigeons waded the dew. Their feet were the color of new June strawberries. I thought what it must be to fly, To whirl up into the light, To know the curved flight of pigeons Above trees and lawns ! If I could fly I should not have to leave my mother for long, Nor my dark-eyed sister : Only a flutterng, a lifting Up round the elm tree and over, A cool curving and sliding down the light Into wet grass. Hilda Conkling. 252 CANDY CIGAR AND STATIONARY There was a light shining within the lives of Lotte and Isidor Rabinowich I. She stood behind the counter of her store and watched her husband place on the opposite shelf tin toys . . . engines clowns sailboat pennybank . . . that had just come in. She had arranged the syrup bottles on the counter. She saw him. . . very little man. She knew behind his short sparse beard of black and grey his chin which she had never seen and which was round like a child's: she knew under the skullcap a bland forehead . . . lodged there sweetness and trust in her. An ineffectual man whom she had always mothered. " Lotte, where do I put these ? " " Why, over there. " — Yes all this : " . . . with the other games, " — all this. A child of a man, my Man, who has not gotten along. With a temper that flares. Not often. Shallow flame trying to burn away in a moment all the commanding .. . the real .. . that is me. All this, all this yes. But father of my child. She smiled at him: her palms were upward over her hips, they glowed there strong and rough under the frail pity of her pockmarked face. — Such a child. Father of him. He turned his eyes. . . he had felt her ... upon her. They glistened under her exultation like waters suntouched. " What is it ? he smiled back, holding awkward a huge cardboard box. • " Come here. " t He leaned over the counter. She kissed his lips. . . too thin. He shivered a little, smiling. " There now, " she sobered him. " Better take in the pennies, Isidor, from the newsstand. You know, some of the boys, when they pass by from school — " She pondered. . . — They're not all honest, no. He obeyed her. " The first letter of the sign is off. "He poured her the pennies. 253 " I saw Schmalzer, " she nodded. He took his place at her side behind the counter. Boys and girls will be coming from school. . . candy, pencil, soda, icecream sandwich .. . the first warm day with the sun of Spring beating into the crevice of the Block. In a few minutes now, both of us are going to be busy. They stood silent, thinking : of one height they were : waiting. From the West came the Sun in shouting strokes, pried open the cold walls of the Block. The Block grew warm, it opened its tremulous walls to receive the Sun . . . Now a flood within its walls. Children pouring from school, bubble and pelt and foam of children within the Block. They sparkled, they leaped* they clustered. They were a tide under the open walls, flood of the Sun's long strokes within the walls of the Block . . . . . . And the small brown shop, all shadow, the little woman and man stand - ing within the shop, within the swelling walls of the passionate street, within the flood of the Sun . . . Door burst open. Boys and girls with voices like shrill flowers, like gol - den pebbles pelting : boys and girls with wishes — little flags — on their heads and the wind of the Sun's strokes making them whip and snap. Lotte and Isidor worked. Counted candies . . . six of them for a penny . . . two cent or three cent soda ?. . . here are your jacks . . . we haven't straw - berry only vanilla and chocolate . . . what did give me, five cents ? . . . you scratched that ruler. Lotte worked in a smile. — These are children. All they will not grow into men and women. The Lord chooses. Pity the mothers whose sons He has not chosen to grow into strong men. . . Her lips moved faster than fingers. Lotte worked with her eyes. She found him, big and dark, so strong ! — out - standing so among children. He is my son my Dream is bone of his body. He is my hope my hope runs red in his veins. He is my son and my Dream behold he is real! ... Far from the Sun, in the thick clot of store, came a radiance on the wings of children, and made in her eyes a countering gleam against the laughter of children. — Children, children and my child. I know that lam chosen in my child. He is big and clumsy, he has no quick laughter like that boy : no ready words. He is slow ... he is deep. There is a glory hidden in his eyes. He cannot blossom so soon like you. . . five cents of these ? . . . whose mother has not been chosen. Let her be glad now ! . . . 254 They loved the Rabinowich store. They paid their pennies and stayed. They romped and quarreled, they cluttered the cramped space before the coun - ter. They made this shadowed spot of the long street wall burst with bright greenness. Herbert among them, standing among and beyond them. — Strange boy, what would become of 'Herbert with a less wise mother ? There is Cause, it was written that I should be his mother. Often he is naughty ... " Share your licorice, son.". . . He changes, he shifts. He is deep. O you who work beside me and who are weak, Whose weakness I share and shall share always, Behold we have brought forth strength ! Our path is darkness we must walk it; Our bed is darkness there must we lie. Shadow is the world. Behold we have brought forth light ! ... The small store big with the song of children. The brown floor spread and adance with children's feet. . . The voices of children rose above a silence, wondrously. like young trees of young Spring. My flesh is yours whom I could never love, Behold it has brought forth Love ! 2. The children are gone. They were in the store, the three, together, alone. " Now, Herbert son. . . why don't you go quick and do your homework? Then you 11 have all the rest of the time to play. Come. " "No homework, Mama. " "Of course there's homework. You always have homework. Don't you want to — " "No homework, I tell you. Give me another licorish stick. No home - work. " " Why — are you sure ? That's funny. No homework? Why no home - work, Herbert ? " Give me a licorish stick, I tell you. No homework — no homework. " " You' gave all the other away — I saw you. Darling ! Here. Don't black your whole face. " 255 A cloud cuts the Sun. A shadow is a dark shaft striking down upon the Block, the store. It cleaves the heart of as the cloud cleaves the Sun. Her heart is opened. What is this afternoon ? " say her lips. Her man turned to her. " Friday. " She smiles at his not-knowing. Yet what does she know who smiles at his not-knowing ? She shuts her lips. There is in this afternoon a sun and a cloud. They have met like man and woman. There is in this afternoon a cleaving and a searing. There is in this afternoon a I v ife and it comes! ■The dark shaft cleaves her heart into two lips. They speak. I am with my man who is an old man and whom I should ngt have wed. He is the father of my son : always I think of this that I may not think toosore how I have married the man whom I should not have wed. My hair is black, lam not so old as my neighbors feel me. No color can break the grey web of my cheeks, I wear black clothes. For my man is old, it is good to wear black beside him. This is no true reason, I wear black clothes, feel old because of my man. But there is true reason why he is my man : this is the reason why I wear black clothes. Black is the color of rejoicing unto them who are chosen of God. I have tasted Cod, all other foods are poison. I have seen the Iyord, all other fires are black. Beneath my black dress, mark-meshed skin ; beneath grey skin is my body of White. Within my flesh was a son, his taste is my flesh. I am a small wo - man given, after I was marked forever by disease, to him who would have me. I have been good to him, he has blessed me. It is by his seed that the Lord chose me. Blessed be the long low years we have toiled bent. Blessed be their desert : for they hold a Jewel. It flames beyond Grey, it is a roar of glory above silence. He plays on the floor in air soiled brown : he shines. He is strange, he is generous and slow. He says nothing. Often his words tell nothing to my mind. He is not good in school. He was left back in school. Through him I am chosen of God. God loves him above all us. Above bright children, gay children. This son of my sad flesh is the son of Spirit. He is many strengths, 256 he is many souls. He is old not to know how to take care of wiping his nose, how to keep from dirtying his pants. Grace and Light he is. . . What is this afternoon ? what is this Life that comes ? The Shadow of the Lord — the Hand of the Lord Makes Shadow of our lives. The door opened. — Customer ?. . . Herbert knows her. His teacher! " This .. . Mr. and Mrs. Rabinowich ? Good day. I am Miss Klaar. I am Herbert's teacher. " A tall thin woman, gold hair waving away from a prim hat, bright girl cheeks, a resolute chin. . . came into the soiled brown store. She stood stiff and high, propped faintly against these two little lives who looked at her in passive - ness, waiting her word. She picked the mother. " May I speak to one of you ? " she said. Herbert pawed her hand, pounded his head against her waist : her white hands were easeless to fend him off. She placed his blackness aside. Lotte led her into a back room silent. There was no word — she is Herbert's teacher ! . . . There is in this afternoon a Life and it comes ! . . . The door closed, She, Herbert's teacher, held the sense of the little man and of the boy behind her, living, filling a world of their own, not her world :• what did she know of these worlds whose sons like shoots of an alien earth sat under her desk, drank her words ? This mother : — This is hard work. Lotte brought her a chair, close where she stood. Lotte stood, in a bed - room. Miss Klaar felt a low specked ceiling, an iron bed so clean, scrubbed floor, a window grated pouring grey dim against a glow in the room that had no kinship with the harsh red paint of the bureau. It was about her, this world she invaded — she and grey dim through a grated window — upon authority that seemed profane to her. — I feel like a heathen. . . She plunged, not letcing the glow of this meek strong creature in black impinge too deep on what she knew was her duty. " Mrs. Rabinowich, I came to speak to you about your son. " Thank you, Miss Klaar. " " Won't you sit down, too ? " Lotte sat on the bed's edge — there was no other chair — with a stern grace " How do you find your son, Mrs. Rabinowich ? " " Why — I do not — I — what do you mean, Miss Klaar ? " "Heis a good-hearted boy. We all love him in his Class. But he does reprehensible things. I feel I must tell you. " 257 " He is not good at his lessons ? " Worse than that. He is unruly. He does not obey the simplest order He has been dirty, Mrs. Rabinowich — " There was silence. He does not seem quite to understand what — what one might expect a boy of twelve, with a good upbringing — " she stopped. " — I know, seeing you — that his upbringing must be good — No, no. . . lam not — very *— Miss Klaar — very intelligent. " "You know he was left back, last year ... lam fond of Herbert... But I feel, Mrs. Rabinowich ... I should long ago have reported him to the Board Tell me. . . What have I done wrong ? ' * " Nothing, I am sure, Mrs. Rabinowich. " " Why report him ? What is there to tell ? Tell me ... " ... It is the rule, that when a child does not seem to fit in the regular graded Class, Mrs. Rabinowich. . . that the Authorities should examine him, in order to find out where he does fit. " Where does he fit ? . . down ? " " No, I don't think so . . . Not just a lower grade. " IyOtte feared : " I do not understand, Miss Klaar. " " course ! Now all this will be managed by someone who does. I have made an appointment for you, Mrs. Rabinowich. " She took a card from her purse, she was smiling under her prim seriousness : " — It is over ! Here, you must report here, at five. This afternoon. Dr. Finney. I do not know Dr. Finney, but he I am sure will help you — will tell us more about — about what is the matter with Herbert. If anything '* She was up. held the card in trembling fingers. "Do not forget; this afternoon at five. This afternoon. It is a Board of Education appointment. He expects Herbert. .. " She walked through the shut world of the store with her shoulders thrust - ing. She moved as through a sea toward air — strained for the street. She threw up her eyes, took in once more the air of her own world. — This is hard work ! . . . Lotte was there with a shawl over her head. " Isidor, I must take Herbert. . . down by 59th Street. The teacher. .. " She stopped. Isidor's eyes were high, shut away, above clasped small hands. He prayed. She waited, watching his shut eyes. His eyes were still, beyond swaying head, mumbling lips. He came forth from the counter : " We go together. . . I close up. " She made no reply. 258 They walked up the street with the low sun red in their eyes. The boy leaped ahead, lounged behind. He was glad. Adventure to be so walking through the streets with mother and father. Both ! A blue car scraped to a standstill — for them ! The car lurched them on. A stress of fateful purpose in the lurch forth of the car that for them had scraped to a standstill: in the outlay of fifteen cents : in the fact that Schul would be missed. The' City rose in hard high words. Each building was a word, each street they swept by was an accent in the ruthless wording of fate, their fate, as they moved Southward into knowledge. The City was a sentence, harsh, staccato, in an alien tongue. Lotte clasped Herbert's hand. " Come now, darling. Quiet, yes ? " They rose on stone steps. The hall was a cold silence to which their feet spoke fearfully. Bright plastered walls gashed long against the blood of Lotte moving toward Dr. Finney. She felt beyond the head of her child — he was a blotch — her man, beating with her, moving with her inevitably one, as though the silence of the world were a rein that bound them, drove them together. They sat in bright varnished chairs in a room of gloom. Herbert was a black blotch before Lotte full of the glow of her son. A big man stood — bright against Herbert and her little man clasping his hat: a stroke from top to nadir against the glow of her son. A round red face, yellow hair sparse, gold chain laid on a blanched vest .. . took Herbert away. The door shut. . . They sat viced in the fixity of waiting. Their being there, still in the room, made them one with the room : they and the room moved onward to a real thing she could not yet see. Time was unreal, waiting was unreal. They moved over a sharp horizon. Lotte sat in this room with her man : and her child beyond under the cold clear eyes of a strange Doctor. But she sat waiting no new being, she felt how all of the world was about her like her flesh: how it swung ahead into cer - tainty. She could not pray. She could not feel the need of prayer. God was about her in the certainty of life.   . like her flesh. God was of her sitting there and moving there toward the words of knowledge she was soon to receive. The words that she approached, the harsh syllables of the City she had moved across, her son and God were one in an immobile ecstacy she, moving forward, limned and partook of. . . 259 He stepped into them alone — above wide vest, within wide face, eyes little and blue, cold and impatient. Words came — his words — words from a Doctor who knows — Words for my heart, of my son. Words born of God within cloud of her life. — listen, these words, lay them hot and cold in my open heart which the Sun has opened. " I suppose, " he looked down at a card, " Miss Klaar, I suppose, has pre - pared you for what there can be no doubt 0f... No doubt of, my dear people.. He looked at them. — The world is one, these words of a world that is one . . . His eyes danced blue against the fixity of the room that was theirs. " There is no doubt, my friends, your son is not only backward, very backward, will never be anything else ... You see how he is now. Do you ? His body will grow big .. . He is healthy alright. You feed him — too wisely. — Well, he will always act just about as he acts now. No use concealing that... Be just as childish and foolish — stupid — as he is today . . . There are things he can learn. . . Not what he is taught where he is now. We'll have him placed in another Class where he belongs — with others like him. Lots others like him, my good woman .. . where he can learn to use his hands. Some crude simple job. Never fear, there'll be work always... crude work of the hands... drawers of water, hewers of wood ? we need'em I guess ... he will be able to do. No more. " His eyes stopped dancing beyond the two dark figures, they fixed on the woman. . . " No more, " his lips pushed out again, to her. The blue eyes gleamed, struck her black calm, came back, tremoring, screaming, within him. His face paled. He turned. He flung wide the door, joined their flesh to the two dark figures. " Here !" He gave the boy. " Good evening. " He tried to break the daze he felt in his clear rooms. — Clear rooms, my rooms, clear . . . what's this ? " Remember ! here's his address . . . the new school. Prepare yourselves- to seeing his body grow big. . . bigger than yours .. . America .. . and his mind stay childish. Goodnight. " His hand sucked out, clasped the hand of L,otte who stood. He held her hand. There were no woids in the world. He felt behind the daze of his clear room a stream of strength moving resistless toward him from this woman, toward daze in himself. 3. The Sun was gone behind the Westward city. It cast its radiance upon the sky, and the sky was a fused clearness over their heads as they walked. Gentle and warm sinking into night was the sky above city. Houses, dying in shadow fusing with sky, stood like words spoken. 260 " We will walk home, Isidor. " " Ain't we goin' to take the car ? " " No, son. There's no hurry. Taking the car costs money. " Herbert leaped ahead, lounged behind their black bent calm, glad of this adventure of moving through the city, far from home, with mother and father. Both! They walked slow, they walked still. . . within the glow of the day. A constant measure they were before and behind their son. Waldo Frank. 261 Perspiration. The poor dear looked dreadfully bored (unless his monocle lied) as he sat there with his hat upon his head striped blue collar round his neck pearl gray jacket round his torso yellow flannels round his legs olive spats upon his feet: so he sipped his thin liquer or puffed spirals from his pipe the while his naked eye roamed ever so wistfully across di Como : beautiful, yes, a sheet of serenity, the surrounding mountains voluptuous indeed, yes, but what use is a body that's carved out of stone and invitations whose speech is so silent, and life such as this enough of a dullness with nothing to do its whole length and breadth except to yawn and to yearn 262 for London far away where at least there are streets and something going on and a soul or two to chat with, and the women who accost you use a tongue that's civilized : so what's a chap to do when his energy is low with his spats upon his feet yellow flannels round his legs pearl gray jacket round his torso striped blue collar round his neck and his head beneath his hat: except perhaps tenderly to remove the last article and caress his troubled brow with a languid cambric kerchief ? Dawn. The languourous thighs of the morning stretch themselves in sleep, and one eye just peers over the edge of white comforters,, vaguely to discover the paramour flown, without plea of leave-taking or hypocritical excuse, to the Orient, as the fellow's shadow betrays: 263 whither, with an irate mien and thighs sprouting wings she pursues him : for, once you've had them, they're no longer backward., the women who forget they were ladies Alfred Kreymborg. Juan Gris. Courtesy Galerie Simon — Paris. Painting. 265 PROFOUND TODAY. I no longer know whether I regard the starry heavens with my eyes or if I look at a drop of water thru a microscope. Since the beginning of his spe - cies the horse moves, pliable and geometric. Already the machines overtake him, go beyond him. The locomotives prance, and the steamboats neigh upon the water. Never has a typewriter made a mistake in etymological orthogra - phy, while the savant stammers, chews his words, breaks his teeth on ancient consonants. When I think, all my senses are kindled, and I wish to violate all beings. And when I release my instinct of destruction I find the triangle of a metaphysical solution. Inexhaustible coal pits ! Cosmogonies live again in the trademarks. Extravagant signs over the city, multi-colored, with the ribbon of the trams climbing the avenue, howling monkeys holding each other by the tail and the incendiary orchids of architecture which collapse from above and kill them. In the air the virgin cry of the trolleys. medium is as well trained as the stallion of an Indian chief. It obeys the slightest beck. Pressure of a finger. A jet of steam sets the piston going. Copper wire makes a frogs leg somersault. Everything is becoming sensitized. Is within reach of the eyes. Nearly touches one. Where is Man ? The gesture of the infus - oria is more tragic than the story of a woman's heart. The life of the plants more stirring than a police drama. The movement of the muscles of the back in action is a ballet; this square of goods should be set to music and that jar of preserves is a poem of ingenuousness. Everything changes, proportions, angles, aspects. Everything recedes, approaches, cumulates, miscarries, laughs, becomes accentuated and exaggerated. Produce, from five parts of the globe, is united on the same plate, in the same dress. One feeds on the sweat of gold, • at each meal, at each kiss. Everything is artificial. . The eyes, the hand. The great fur of figures on which I keep the bank. The sexual frenzy of the facto - ries. The wheel which turns. The wing which flies. The voice which travels far, on a wire. Your ear in a trumpet. Your sense of direction. Your rhythm. You melt the world in the mold of your skull. Your brain is hollow. Unsus - pected depth in which you cull the mighty flower of explosives. Like a reli - gion, a mysterious pill hastens digestion. You lose yourself in the laby - rinth of the stores where you give up your entity to become everyone. You 266 smoke with Mr. Bock the Havana at twenty-five cents, which is on the poster. You are part of that great anonymous body which is a cafe. Ino longer recog - nize myself in the mirror. Alcohol has clouded my features. He marries the department store like the first comer. We are all the hour which strikes. You hurl yourself at the menagerie of the railroad stations to tame the beast of your impatience. They depart. They disperse. Fireworks in all direc - tions. The capitals of Europe are in the trajectory of their inertia. A ter - rific whistle plows up the continent. The countries across the sea lie in the net. Here is Egypt on a camel. Go to Engadine for your winter sports. Read the Golf Hotels in the palm trees. Think of 400 windows in sunlight. One unfolds the horizons of the timetabled and one dreams himself on Southern lies. Romanticism. The flags of the landscape float over the doors while from the garland of the train fall flowers which take root and name, forgotten villages. The removals kneeling in the accordeon of the sky across the telescoped voices. The most blase go the farthest. Immovable. Entire days. Like Socrates. With an activity in its head. The Eiffel Tower comes and goes, from the summit. The sun, a cloud, a trifle suffices to lengthen, to shorten it. The steel bridges are all mysterious and sensitive. Watches set themselves. From all sides the transatlantics advance toward their connections. Then the semaphore makes a sign. A blue eye opens. A red one shuts. All is soon but colour, interpenetration. Disc. Rhythm. Dance. Orange and violet eat each other. Checkerboard of the port. In each hut is piled up that which you have won in inventing the game, Doctor Palamede. Steam shovels open their buckets of thunder. Pellmell. The Orient. The Occident. The South. The North. Everything struts on the wharfs while the lion of the sky strangles the cows of the twilight. There are cargoes of fruits on the earth and on the roofs. Casks of fire. Of cinnamon. European women are like submarine flowers before the violent labour of the longshoremen and the dark red apotheosis of the machines. One receives a trolley car on the chest. An automobile on the back. A trap door opens under foot. One has a tunnel in his eyes. One rises to the fifteenth floor drawn by the hair. All this while smoking a pipe with hands at the faucets — hot water — cold water — one dreams of the wife of the captain whose knee one will nudge under the table a little later. Gol - den teeth, her smiles and her accent are charming. And then one lets himself slide to dinner. Tongues are stuffed. We must make many grimaces in order to understand each other. Must gesticulate and laugh very loudly. Madame wipes her mouth with the corner of her napkin. Zephyr Beef ; Eureka Coffee. Pimodan or Pamodan. In my rocking chair, lam like a negro fetich, angular, under the heraldic electricity. The orchestra plays Louise. I amuse myself by piercing thru and thru with a pin this fat body which floats at the level 267 of my eyes. Diver, in the smoke of my cigar, alone, I listen to the dying of the sentimental music which causes my helmet to reverberate. My soles of lead hold me up and I advance slow, grotesque, pinched at the joints and bend with difficulty over the swamp-life of woman. Your eye, sea horse, vibrates-, marks a comma and passes by. Between two waters, the sex, bushy, compli - cated, unusual. The cuttle fish squirts me with his cloud of ink in which I disappear like an aviator. I hear the motor of the waters, the forging of the leaches. A thousand suction pores function, secreting lodine. The skin be - comes gelatinous, transparent, irridescent like the flesh of an anemone. The centers of sensitiveness become polarized. Independence of all the functions. The eye strains to touch ; the back eats ; the finger sees. Clusters of grassy arms undulate. Sponge of the depths, the brain breathes gently. The thighs remember and make the movements of fins. The storm tears out your tonsils. A cry passes thru you like the shadow of an iceberg. It congeals and disjoins. Your being reassembles with difficulty. Hunger draws together the scattered limbs and groups them around the vacuum which is now the belly. The body assumes the uniform of its weight. The spirit, scattered everywhere, concen - trates in the cockade of the consciousness. lam man. You are woman. Good - bye. Each regains his room. There are shoes before the door, not to confuse them. Mine are yellow. The boy waits for his tip. I give him the egu of my coat-of-arms. I -have forgotten to sleep. My glottis moves. This attempt at suicide is regicide. I am impaled on my sensibility. The dogs of night come to lick the black blood which trickles down my legs. They make light from it. The silence is such that one hears the spring of the universe coiling itself. A sudden click, everything is larger by a notch. It is today. Beautiful horse foaming. Sicknesses rise to the skies like stars on the horizon. And here is Betelgueuse who is mistress of the seventh house. Believe me, all is clear, ordered, simple and natural. The mineral breathes, the vegetable eats, the animal feels. Man is crystallized. Prodigious today. Plummet. Yard arm. Door. Face. Whirlwind. • You live. Eccentric. In the integral solitude. In the anonymous communion. With all that which is root and summit and which palpitates, unites, enthuses. Phenomena of this congenital halucination which is life in all its manifestations and the continuous activity of consciousness. The motor turns in spirals. The rhythm speaks. Chemistry. You are. Pro - found today. From the French of Blaise Cendrars. 268 PROTEUS. (&lt;Continued) SCENE 11. The Repast of the Seai,s. MUSIC. The platform turns revealing another part of the isle. Proteus is discovered, quite naked, in a bathtub with convex bottom in which he teeters back and forth. The tap is replaced by a stopper. He is very fat and hairy. A rather meagre - white beard, pointed ears. Shiny bald head with a few scattered hairs. Over his eyes automobile goggles. Beside him are six tobacco plants in pots. In front of him is an osier-basket, filled with fish, which he is throwing to his seals. Fish and seals may be replaced by the imagination of the spectators, or by music. \ Proteus. Cot, cot, cot, cot, cot ! Here, my sheep ! Here, my little chickens ! Cot, cot, cot ! [The round heads of seals appear here and there in the sea). Are we all here ? One, two, three, four, six, eight, eleven, twelve. Thirteen ! The tale is complete ! To which goes the codfish, to which the conger, to which the red surmullet, to which the halibut steak ? Cot, cot, cot! To which this lovely shad. (Tumult, battle, flocking, foam, leaps of the seals which throw themselves from the summits of the crags into water of snow and turquoise. Braying, trumpeting, thumpings of tails, and fins. All this is expressed by the music). Here, Moustache ! heave yourself up on your tusks ! we are young no longer, my Jumbo. Here take this devil-fish. It won't frighten you ! And you, Otarys, my little one come to seize this splendid dab. To look about a little, walk on your upper fins diminutive like pantaloons. 269 (Otarys takes the fish from his fingers). Who gets the fry ? (With both hands he sowslittle fishes. Flocking of seals). Here s yours, Rhesus ! Here s yours, Gorgo ! and you, the littlest one, what is the matter that you should bray there like an ass. Catch, my little barrel! (New distribution of fish. Flocking of seals). lou, the basket is empty. And now for serious things, to work! to work ! What is the quotient, Moustache, of five ten hundred thousandths divided by 123 ? You do not know ? Work it out, and give me the answer later. And you, Tambour, you are going to add for me 3.977 and 7.896. And you, Gorgo, if you please, extract the cube root of 27. Go, you have something wherewith to amuse yourselves. (He bloivs into a conch). Willowithe ! Willowithe ! (Enter Wiixowithe) . (MenblvAUS is seen stealthily approaching, gliding be - hind the rocks, still holding Hei,En by the hand. Then fastens her with a cord to a rock behind which he hides himself). Wilderwithe. What does Monseigneur desire ? Proteus. Oh, what politeness today. This the language of the courts ! Go and get me my basin to wash my hands. My Chinese basin, the rose-colored one, the one with the mao-pings I And see that the water is very hot. (She goes out and returns bringing half a basin which she puts under his chin). Proteus, blowing and spluttering in the basin. Bou ! Bou ! Bou ! (Music). 270 The annoying thing [is this /that I can only have odd dishes. One here, another there, never a service complete. (He dries himself). WnjvOWITHE. A capable housekeeper, now, would be more useful to you than a poor Sa - tyr ess. She would re-embroider all this with your monogram. Proteus, scrutinizing himself in a dented mirror that she hold,s for him. Yes indeed ! Yes indeed ! Yes indeed ! WnxowiTHE. You have promised to let me go, some day, if I am good. Proteus. Yes indeed. — Remove the brick. [She takes out the brick that warms the bath. He teeters with evident satisfaction). WIEEO WITHE. I and the rest of the two-footed animals, my companions. Proteus, winking. And what about Menelaus. Wielowithe. What Menelaus ? (Proteus winks and indicates, with a little movement, the rock behind which MENEEAUS is hidden). WIEEOWITHB. I don't know what you mean. Proteus, in guarded tones. He is lying in wait for us behind that rock. Wiixowithe, throwing herself at his feet. You know everything, master. One cannot hide anything from you. Proteus. Take care not to break my basin! It has ac rack that troubles me greatly. Wieeo withe. Yes, I will tell you all. (Meneeaus sticks out his head, she motions to him to hide himself). But first. . . (She draws a comb from her girdle and combs his beard). 271 Let me pass the comb through your whiskers a while, for you are a sight to see, with that beard all tangled and full of sand. Ah, old wrecker of ships. Say, is there no device that will keep you safe at home when the sea is filled with madness. And dances with nodding plumes in the Thracian wind, its lanterns all alight. (Ah, it is a pleasant change after the stifling breezes from Libyan sands and one fills one's lungs with air). I take it that it must needs be you that the poor devils who go to the bottom Last see on the crest of a wave, old bather ! Dancing mid wrecks and corpses as insubmersible as a bottle ! Proteus. Trim my hair a trifle. Wieeo withe. But there's no hair to trim ! Scarce five or six impalpable filaments. It is embroidery scissors that I need. Proteus. No matter ! This sound of snipping about my head procures me pleasant illusions. Such, in the month of June the peddlar who falls asleep to the sound of swishing scythes in the lushy meadows. Wieeowithe, waving the shears about his head. I love you much, little Proteus of my heart. Proteus. Same here. WHjvOwithe, same business. You do not believe me, this causes me much pain. Proteus. I believe you, Willowithe. WIELO WITHE. Ah, you are so good, so simple, so delicate. Proteus. Perfectly true. Wieeo withe. So quaint, so original! That fish-tale, what an idea ! Proteus. Isn't it ? WIEEO withe. So rich ! 272 Proteus. Yes indeed. Wiixowithe. You love the fine arts so much ! That collection of yours, there isn't another like it in all the Aegean Sea. Proteus. It is this, is it not, on which Menelaus counts to repair his little boat ? Wiixowthe. Do you want to keep him here ? He'd put everything in confusion in this small well-ordered isle. Even now he wished to ravage you plantation. Since he has taken Troy you wouldn't recognize him. He's a savage, a true devourer. Proteus. Ah, sly boots ! Is it not true it was you that instructed him ? Never adventurer is shipwrecked on these shores But that you teach him the way to get round old Proteus. In vain I transform myself to lion, dragon, water, fire and fruit-tree. Not one of them by any chance lets go his hold in fright and I have to give him whatever he demands, And I must confess that I find it most fatiguing. Not to mention the loss of respectability for a man getting on in years. Wildly O WITHE. Then let me go in peace. Proteus. Bah, you see these malicious shifts have'nt done you a bit of good. None of them yet has been true to the vow he made. Hee ! Hee ! Hee ! They do not catch me so, I am far too old a fish. WlUvO WITHE. And do you know who it is that Menelaus brought with him, holding her by the hand ? Proteus. Who ? W IIyEOWITHE. You know everything, Monseigneur, and I can teach you nothing. Proteus. Come, you know well I am just a wretched god of the sixth rank, and hence my copy of Destiny comes to me last, having passed through many hands. Nothing but little pictures grotesquely defaced on the ribbon ! And in the most interesting places, look you, are people of whom, there 273 remains no more than a hand, or a boot, or perhaps it's the head that's gone, and suddenly there's a gap that's fathoms long. See your portrait there if you can ! Then be trustful and take a servant-maid who answers to the name of Willowithe and who has horns on her head. Willowithe. You are proud of it ! Proteus. He ! He ! I don't deny it. Folks would go far to see one of those Nymphs of whom one talks so much ! Willowithe. And of your herd of Satyrs as well, is it not so ? Tisn't everyone that has such a galaxy. Proteus. It's for their own good that I keep them. I mean to teach them morals and sanitation. Then, too, it amuses me to watch them hopping from rock to rock. It is picturesque. It gives the place a more animated air. What a pity, now that I haven't got a fountain ! Ah, I'm quite a character, I am, there's nobody else quite like me. WiEEO WITHE. Then you shall not know who is here with Menelaus. Proteus. Then he can dispense with my teak-wood and my good Phenician cordage. What a nincompoop 1 He calls himself a sailor, he wishes to sail the seas and he couldn't cross the Eurotas in a wash-tub if it should chance to rain ! Willowithe, softly. Helen. Proteus. Helen is with him ? (Willowithe nods her head). You have seen her ? Willo withe. I have seen her. Proteus. As beautiful as they say ? WILLO WITHE. As beautiful. This savage drags her along by the hand. Proteus, dreamily. Ten years have passed since, on the stern of the ship that carried her to - wards Troy, I saw her floating veil the hue of gold. 274 WIIXOWITHE. She is still the same Helen. Proteus. And this great fire from which they haled her forth has not bloused her, nor marred her beauty ? WIIXO WITHE. She is still the same Helen. Proteus. Ah, I should like to see her. Wiixowithe. Do wish to possess her ? Proteus. I say tht I'd like to look at her. Whxowithe. But it's in your power, my lord, to make her yours, and to look at her during all the days of your life. Proteus. Ah, do not persuade to violent acts. I'm too old. My isle is small, But never an old sea-captain owned a cabin that was more precisely or - dered and arranged. Let the great gods do what they will since all the earth is theirs. I have no wish that this rent-free hovel go hurtling through the air. WIELO WITHE. Helen is very beautiful! Proteus. And did she speak to you ? WllvlvO WITHE. She is so puffed, up with pride since these things have happened to her That the only words she will speak are " I am Helen. " Proteus. As tranquil as a statue, and living into the bargain ! Exactly what I should like ! None of those scenes to be dreaded with her to which you treat me so of - ten, my little spitfire ! WILLO WITHE. I have dropped a hint to Menelaus of that idiotic tale That they tell in all the isles from Marseilles to Gallipoli That there are two Helens and that the one of Troy was not the true one. 275 Proteus. It is not an idiotic tale, I invented it myself. I never have found a humbug more amusing. It is worth its weight in sea-salt. WIEEO WITHE. I said to our Menelaus That this Helen whom he has haled from Troy by the hand Was false and that the true one was in our custody. Proteus. Bravo ! Excellent ! ' Faith, you become a true daughter of the sea. WIIX O WITHE • But it only rests with you to transform this lie to truth. Proteus. How ? Wiixo withe. It is in your power to retain the true, the only Helen. Proteus. I do not understand. Wiixo withe . I have not told everything to this brutal lout. I have merely informed him that you can deck yourself, with apples of leather between his arms. But he doesn't know that if you look at him without your spectacles, you can make him believe whatever you choose. Proteus. It is true. Wily eo withe . Let him take your spectacles. Make him see that I am Helen. Proteus. Make him see that you are Helen ? Hou ! Hou ! WIEEOWITHE. He will take me away with him. Proteus. Ho ! Ho ! WIIXOWITHE. And he will leave you the veritable Helen. Proteus. He ! He ! WIEEO WITHE. And I will take away all the Satyrs, my brothers, with me! 276 Proteus. The deuce ! You go too fast! Wuxowithe. I,et me only have her likeness. You will see if I'm not more Helen than Helen herself. % ( Proteus. But he must have already promised you something, eh ? WllylyO WITHE. A sailor's promises! Ha ! He swears too easily. Do you think a sailor troubles himself to take a useless mouth Through gratitude ? Medea and Ariadne, I know their histories ! The water supply is small, and that's the whole thing in a nutshell. — And he doesn't like my horns. Proteus. Do you flatter yourself that he will take this troop of Satyrs on board his ship ? Wiixowithe. You will make him think them my maids, assembly chaste. Proteus. The Satyrs your chaste maids, Hou! Hou! And why not my seals, pray tell ? Wiixo withe. Say it is beyond your power. Proteus. Nothing's beyond my power ! Not even an imbecile's credulity ! WHrIyOWITHE . Be gracious to me, Emperor-of-the-Sea and King-of-all-the-Liars! Proteus. But Ido not like in the least to lose my Satyrs. Never again could I form a like collection. All the gods of the sea are envious of my cabinet! There is only Phorcus, indeed, who has mustered up a few poor sailors, com - panions of Ulysses, And all day long they promenade on his hyperborean sands. With their spy-glasses under their arms and their little oil-skin hats. It's not to be classed with such an assemblage as mine. Everywhere they are known, true scions of the air ! WllJyO withe • Pah, a pack of old stinking sheep, ancient ataxic goats ! If you let them drink this mineral water another thirty days they'll be only fit for the Ecole des Beaux-Arts. 277 Proteus. Ta ! Ta ! Ta ! WIEEO WITHE. But on the other hand, Helen, what a unique possession. What honor for your old age ! Such a prize is surely worth more than a flock of half-mangy merinos. Proteus. You weary me ! Wil,i,owithe, with enthusiasm. Helen, one would say, the true, the only Helen ! Proteus. Be still! You weary me ! Wiixowithe. The true, the only Helen ! She for whom gods dispute with men ! She who's talked about everywhere ! She for whom two hundred thousand men have recently had their throats cut. . . Proteus. Two hundred thousand men, did you say ? WIIvEO withe. It is official figure. Proteus. Two hundred thousand men ! You make my mouth, water. Be still! WIEEOWITHE. W.hat a pearl for your collection ! I know that Jupiter wants her. There's a place for her in heaven between the stars of the Dioscurides. Proteus. He shall not have her ! W 11,1,0 with e, brandishing the shears. No, he shall not have her. It's Proteus all the same, it's the little sixth - class god will prove himself the most cunning ! Proteus. You make me laugh ! Ah well, it shall be as you wish ! WnxowiTHE, raising her hand. You have promised. Meneeaus comes out. of his hiding-place and ad - vances, crawling). 278 Proteus. I ,have promised. All the same it will come hard to lose you, Willowithe. Wiixo withe. It's hard on me, too, my poor old man. {She motions to Meneeaus). We understand each other, in spite of every thing. We were so used to each other, in spite of every thing We were so used to each other's little ways ! (Meneeaus springs and seizes Proteus behind. The bath is upset. Tumult). On ! Boldly ! That's good*! that, catch him below the elbows. Good ! Hold firmly, hold firmly, I tell you ! Do not let him go the old brigand ! out for Number One. Do not forget! The lion is starting now. (The shadow of a lion outlines itself on the drop at the back). (To be concluded). PAUL, Claudel. (Translated from the French by John Strong Newberry). 2 79 TRINKETS The old silversmith always found a question in the face of his apprentice, a boy of sixteen with a load of curly hair and big, brown eyes. With his big eyes and wide open ears, like expectant baskets, the boy gathered every step and move of his master. The shop was his threshold to life and the silversmith his guide. The silversmith was tall and thin, the shop long and narrow, full of saints and showcases. It was an adventure to pass from one end of the shop to the other. Something always dropped and broke. A coat alwa} r s ripped, a knee was always bruised on such occasions. There seemed to be hundreds of shelves, all loaded with ancient clocks, cheap jewelry, resilvered saints and scratched icons. Every - thing covered with dust, placed too high or placed too low. The old man sighed often and he sighed loudest whenever he happened to look at the heavily loaded shelves. About once a week he would survey the sad and dusty merchandise and decide to dispose of it at a gypsy fair. The apprentice had visions of himself as a salesman at one of these fairs, selling alarm clocks to gypsies in many-colored dresses and silver coins in their hair. He could hear their violins, their dancing and quarreling. He remembered one with a slit skirt walking like a queen through the market place. Besides, he would show the silversmith's wife that he needed no advice every few minutes. He could go to distant places and take care of goods, dispose of them and bring back a clear account. She did not seem to realize that he was almost sixteen years old and that he could cross the streets without being told to look out. He knew he would succeed, and prove to his father that he could do more than dream. These dreams were as impossible as the rest, he knew that, and he passed from them to reality with ease. His most impossible dreams were not as strange as the shop and his relation to the old silversmith. Impossible dreams have a way of coming true, and one day, an early autumn day, rich as a mother and warm as a mother's bosom, the silversmith hired a salesman and ordered his apprentice to go along. He was to have an important task on this expedition, to keep track of expenses and to take care of the money. He received a leather bag and strap for that purpose. These he tied round his waist under his clothes. 280 On that morning the trees seemed less tall and the silversmith's wife less important. He made larger steps, and his heels met the ground firmly. A farm wagon drawn by two bony horses took them out of town. It seemed the slowest wagon on earth, and the boy who sat on top of the bundles, showcases and some lumber looked down on the people and horses like the Emperor of India on his elephant passing through his cities. The green leaves of young acacia trees hovered over the entire length of the boulevard and distributed the spring sunshine in patches on the ground. Bare - footed girls skipped lightly over the ground. The skipping feet played in ac - cord with the shadows of the green acacia leaves moved by a breeze. Distant sounds were clear and pleasant, and the sparrows seemed important. The air was kind and full of good wishes. Warm waves of it caressed the boy's cheeks. He pitied the people below him and hoped that some day they too might at - tain their ultimate hopes. There were five other men on the wagon, all going to the fair. They were together three days and three nights, but the boy did not know their faces at the end of the journey. Their chatter reached him mixed with the sound of hoofs and the squeaks of unoiled farm wagon wheels. His eyes and ears were with the gypsies. Perched on his high seat the noises underneath him were in the right place, beyond his notice. Like a bird, he was little concerned with the immediate solid things near him, The road was crowded but soon empty. The road became long, the road became lonely, the road came to life and died away in the distance somewhere near the Danube. Little houses came close to the road to watch the heavy, loaded wagon pass. Little houses peeped from behind hills and sometimes whole rows would march across the road. At these places the road would sometimes wear a stone mask. As the sun sank behind the Carpathian mountains the road led to mysterious woods and fields, enormous fields covered with fresh cut stacks of corn. At great intervals small lights shone in the distance, and un - familiar sounds startled him, his heart beating at great speed. Suddenly a sentry appeared with gun and bayonet marching from one end of a field to the other. This vision appeared between stacks of corn and made his eyes dilate with fear. He dared not breathe. He looked for the other men on the wagon, but they were all asleep, including the driver. The horses walked on slowly to the desti - nation. The sentry yawned loudly. This tranquility soothed the boy's nerves, but he sat up staring through the darkness until the sentry was far behind and the sound of his healthy boots died away. Soon they came to what seemed, at a distance, a lighted hole in the ground near the road. It was a low built shog, made of clay and straw. No door, no windows. Evidently open, day and night. Wine and dried meats were the 281 main merchandise. A few rough benches and tables, two oil lamps, completed the furniture. In one corner two heavy peasants slept with their shirts open, their bare chests close to the black earth. Their garments and skins were like the earth. The earth seemed to breathe through them, the earth was blossom - ing forth into animal life on this very spot near these benches. The soil as - sumed human shapes and activities, breathing, snoring and twitching. . These two sons of the soil loved their mother. The shopkeeper was clumsy all over, except his eyes. The horses stopped mechanically in front of this tavern, and the sleeping five jumped from the wagon almost before it stopped, wide awake and hungry. Cheese, sausage and wine, some stale bread, were spread over the table. Red peppers were the only vege - tables served. No dishes, forks or spoons but sharp knives. The salesman of - fered wine to the boy more than once, but he refused. He disliked and distrust - ed the man. The silversmith had warned him against the salesman. All slept for a few hours with heads on folded arms on the table. The boy kept watch. He could not sleep. The wagon outside the door held what seemed to him a fortune. It was all instrusted to him. He would have to account for every trinket in the cases, and he meant to return with a clean account. Early in the morning they started again, over a flat, monotonous country. Exhausted from the night's watch, the boy slept hours at a time on top of the bundles. He ate little during that day, and kept his eyes on the horizon, a flat, unpromising line. The day passed, leaving a heavy weight on the boy's body. Late that evening they stopped in front of a convent and after long negotiation through a hole in the gate, they were admitted. The air was cooler inside its walls. Stone walls with pale faces and pale faces with stony expressions. The whole place was full of black shawls moving constantly and silently. Walking black shawls, candles, sighs, lanterns, bells, prayers and all kinds of queer sounds kept the night alive. The boy slept on the wagon, he would not depart from the showcases. The men slept in the stables. They left early. The next day they reached the small town, on a wide and shallow river. Gyp - sies, horses and girls filled the main thoroughfare. Horses by the hundreds, by the thousands, by the millions, the boy had never seen so many horses in his life. The most dilapidated, hungry and bony horses imaginable. They all seemed unfinished attempts. Thin necks, short necks, hanging necks, holding up or down sorrowful looking heads. Big bellies, narrow chests. Limping, sneezing creatures, some of them covered with sores and blind. The best look - ing things present were the whips, carefully braided and tipped. These were to turn those half dead, worn-out animals into prancing steeds or into steady hardworking draft horses. Most of the owners were barefooted, but their horses 282 had new shoes on. There seemed to be no money anywhere, but a lot of noise. Everybody had something to sell, and no one had money to buy. An enormous barrel filled with a light kind of brandy on a wagon pulled by two fine looking oxen stopped in the middle of the camp, a dozen gypsy musicians lined up on one side, and soon all attempts at trading stopped. The boy ate and slept the whole week near the showcases. More than half the merchandise was sold. The bag round the boy's waist was bulging, and he bought secretly a long, sharp knife, formed like a dagger. He avoided thinking about the reason for this action. He felt secure with the blade in his pocket- The salesman was too friendly and the boy disliked him more than ever. In spite of this the older men managed to induce him to visit another fair. It was on their way home, not far from the home town. Here was a chance to get rid of the rest of the trinkets, and the boy, gripping his knife tightly, said yes- The second fair was in full swing when they arrived, and things were moving fast. The salesman seemed to know everyone in this place. Here things seemed more orderly, and the people well-to-do. Some of the horses even yawned. The whole day passed pleasantly, but one of the gypsies looked east and predicted a storm. It came before sun set. The sky turned black; a few large drops driven by a strong wind announced a heavy rain. All packed things away and ran for shelter. The boy stuck to the heavy showcases until he got wet. The wind and rain turned into a hurricane. It ripped the roofs off the improvised stores. The few watchmen were the last to disappear and they dragged the boy with them to a nearby wineroom. The place was overcrowded with men and women. There were at least three hundred people in a place that would usually hold less than half that number. The smells were of great variety and intensity and every - one talked all the time. The boy was squeezed against the window, and kept his nose close to a crack in the windowpane. A tiny current of fresh air came in thru the crack and the boy sipped every bit of it. Outside on a huge black sheet the storm threw a zigzag of golden fire. All round the building there seemed to be a black sea. The noise in the wineroom dimmed the thunder, except when it was very near. After a while everyone seemed drunk, and either asleep or quarreling. The lights went out and the boy was forced against the wall in an uncomfortable po - sition. His head ached and the noises and odors were most unpleasant. He heard sighs that seemed like laughter and laughter that seemed like weeping. He heard snoring, subdued quarrels and the heavy movements of clumsy bo - dies. Someone lit a match, a knife flashed thru the air and a horrible shriek followed. The boy covered his eyes and ears with his fingers and waited in this position for a long time, until things calmed again and everyone seemed to be asleep. The black sky became grey and the boy was able to distinguish things 283 at some distance. A wagon passed, the horses knee-deep in water, and several men in the wagon looked anxiously about. One looked exactly like the salesman, but it was too dark to distinguish faces. Soon the sun touched the tops of the few remaining trees and the roofs of the taller houses. A light breeze rippled the water that covered the whole ground occupied by the fair. Iyittle was left standing. The boy waded thru the water looking for his showcases. He found two boards floating near the place. Some - one had used an ax ; the lock was intact and held the two boards together. Other people too discovered that the storm had had considerable aid in wrecking the place. The silversmith's apprentice felt crushed. He looked for the sales - man, but no one had seen him since the storm started. It was a cool, clear, heartless morning, and he realized that he had failed in the first real test. It was senseless to continue living when you knew you could not face a serious situation. It was easy to live in the city, to work, to enjoy leisure and even to die ; it was too easy ; but to face the hurricane ... He had failed. He had promised to bring back a clean account of all those superannu - ated trinkets, alarm clocks and brass bracelets. He looked at his long, dagger - like knife, sighed and decided first to return all the money to the old silversmith and afterwards . . . He looked at the knife again and carefully returned it to its leather sheath. He looked round for a while and started home on foot with the two boards under his arm. He walked all day gesticulating and sighing. From time to time his hand would feel the bag tied round his waist. His clothes were wet through and his coat was stiff and heavy. His shoes were full of water and he felt the sharp rocks in the road. There were many of them. The day had passed when the boy came within a few miles of the city. He knew the road well and he had forgotten all about the fairs, the salesman and the silversmith. He walked like an automatic toy, changing the boards from right to left and feeling for his purse without knowing the reason for his actions. He heard only the gypsy musicians, the night sounds in the cornfields and the hor - rible shriek in the tavern. He felt those black shawls walking with lanterns behind him from the convent. The lame horses he had seen appeared one by one, and soon he heard the shriek again. It was late in the evening when the boy came into the town. The road led straight to the silversmith's house. He made slow progress. The boards were heavy, his clothing still wet, but he kept his head straight in the air. Now he was marching at the head of a long procession. With two boards, once the sides of a jewelry showcase, under his arm, he walked slowly past the reviewing stand occupied by one-eyed kings, artists, and heroes, who were at present disguised as lamp-posts and as houses with lights in them. Behind him at some distance followed stacks of corn, the sentry with his long bayonet, the windowless and doorless tavern, the million three and four-cornered horses, the gypsy band, the storm, the lightning, while the shriek came regularly to the rythm of the musicians. Leading this weird procession he reached the silversmith's door. The old man was still awake. He looked at the bent and trembling boy, who laid the two boards and the bag of money on the table. The silversmith shook his head, put on his hat and coat, picked up the limp body of the feverish boy in his arms and carried him home. WILIAM SAPHIER. William Gropper. Drawing. 285 BROOMIDES. This being our third issue, we are beginning to receive comments on our first. One of the most distinguished of present-day American poets and critics writes us as follows. He expresses so many of our aims so clearly, and with so much less modesty than we would have done had we done it, that we cannot resist printing some of his comment, in lieu of an editorial: "I want to congratulate - no, congratulate is not the word - you for the first number of Broom. You have not only produced an interesting, readable and up-to-date periodial, free from irritating assumptions of superiority, free from amateurish suggestions of half-baked culture, but you have done something even better — you have proved that the American spirit is broad enough to embrace not France only but Europe, not Europe only but the world. During this past year I have increasingly suffered from the manifest signs displayed in other quarters that American culture was trying to limit itself, that New York was trying to ape Oxford, for instance, or Paris. I am glad that you have set your faces against this tendency, being convinced that the only way America can save herself, and incidentally, save others, is not by becoming French or English, but by becoming universal; not by limiting itself, but by extending its field to take in the whole planet. What Dostoievsky said was the mission of Russia, to make all men brothers, is now the mission of America. Indeed, did not Whitman say the same thing ? I am delighted you have decided to speak the universal language of art, instead of the jargon of certain coteries in Paris and in London, and I echo the sentiments of Miss Sanders' admirable article : ' What Europe looks forward to on the part of America is a broadening, not a narrowing; an inclusiveness, not an exclusiveness ; a fertilizing, not a sterilizing of the aesthetic field, of art emotion, and cultural perception. ' I assure you that I shall do everything possible to make your great effort better known. In the spirit of Melville's motto, yours till the decks are dry, etc. " 286 One of the most distinguished of present-day English poets and critics writes us to the contrary, and he expresses so many of our fears so clearly, and with more bravado than we would have done had we done it, that we can - not resist etc. : . " (i) Size : too large. Fits no book-case. (2) Cover : overlaps at the side too much; crinkles uglily. (3) Cover design : amusing ; not good as permanent. (4) Margins of text: excellent. (5) Type : quite good. (6) Art contents : most interesting. (7) General matter : not interesting enough. (8) ' Lake ' rotten. (9) Editorial matter : between three stools. (10) On the whole : No—yes—no—yes—yes ?—no ? " This opinion from one of the English contributors to the first issue : " A week ago came your really superb Broom. It is superb. I congra - tulate you most heartily on it. Thank the Lord, you have no axe to grind. I am very proud to have been associated with the first number. It is a sensuous pleasue to be printed on such paper. I don't remember a Review which keeps the balance so even between the art and the letters. And there isn't a thing in Broom that the veriest adult couldn't understand. " But to prevent us from ffying too high (as high in fact as the daily Zeppelin which passes over our heads en route to Naples — it is called " Esperia " — " Goddes of Hope "), an esteemed collaborator brought in a concise letter from an artist in Paris : " First copy of Broom has arrived. It is terrible. You must shake them (II faut que vous les secouez). " We have descended — and the "Esperia" continues on her way to Naples. One of our well-wishers in Minnehaha, Minnesota, writes that she has not as yet received the first copy, ordered and promised long ago. She concludes, " I wait for it with ten horribly bitten finger nails. " 287 The literary, painter and music folks have finally discovered our dug-out. So we have one of them per day into tea : a newly established custom. Not to put anybody first, except alphabetically, here are the ones so far : Griffin Barry, Vernon Bartlett, Alfredo Casella, Blaise Cendrars, Douglas Goldring, Edgar A. Mowrer, Mile, feihani, Arthur Sachen, Ardengo Soffici, Ottomar Starke and the Ruthenian basso-profundo, Oblomov Uk. Among those who are to visit us soon (so rumour or correspondence hath it )are : Conrad Aiken, Malcolm Cowley, Marsden Hartley, Sinclair lyewis, Wyndham Lewis, John Rodker, Ralph Roeder and a Dalmatian wood-carver whose name has escaped us. We shall be opening a social register. To be reprinted in successive issues of Broom. This is one of the ways of getting into Broom. We have one pleasant item, at least, to impart to those of our friends who have been courageous enough to subscribe so far. Each volume of Broom will be composed of four successive issues. Only four ? But consider the thick - ness — we had almost said, density — of the four : 386 pages, without index. Well, those of our subscribers who wish to bind their first four copies as a vo - lume had better begin to let us know at once. We will be able to supply them with a binding of Varese paper and three-quarter leather for the purpose — a sample of which will appear in the next issue. The price per binding is three dollars. A complete index will go with the copertino. The price for the whole book, i. e., the four issues and binding complete, is six dollars. It is our plan to change the cover design of each issue. Inadvertently, this scheme was defeated in the case of our second issue. Broom ordered a new cover, and an artist accepted the proposal, and submitted a drawing which was Okd. Unhappily, he decided to finish his wood-block in Prague, and al - though he mailed it to us in plenty of time for us to use it, the wood-block is still missing. While we are 011 this pertinent theme, we want to ask artists everywhere to submit to us sketches of cover designs which might prove feasible to lead the band-wagon of a particular month. The sketches should be in two colors. And if possible, send us two or more sketches to choose from. Broom has no objection against running the same artist more than once. 288 Why was our second issue delayed in reaching America ? Without delv - ing into economics or politics, curious topics outside our present ken and pur - pose, let us try to explain. Just as that issue was on the eve of being realeased from our printers, Italy's King had a birthday, and 75,000 Fascisti (unless the report was exaggerated) decided to come to Rome from all points of the compass for a conference. Unfortunately, a slight fracas (the details of which have not been made clear to us) ensued at the terminal station, resulting in the death of two Communists. Karl} 7- the next morning, the eternal city was visited by lightning : the entire body of labour struck instantaneously, with the ultimatum that not a single soul would return to the daily routine until the last of the Fa - scisti had departed. The city was paralyzed for days, and Broom along with it. After a return to normalcy, Broom Number Two was finally released, two weeks late for the long voyage home. We fervently hope that the faith - ful, meanwhile, have not consigned their brooms into ash bins, and now place their reliance on carpet-sweepers. Old fashioned implements have a hard time of it in this up-to-the-minute age. But as art always lags behind or leaps ahead of the moment, too much must not be expected of a mere broom. LAST WISHES. Bury me not too deep, But dig for me a shallow grave, That I may hear men say : " The old plum tree by the wall Has started blooming. " John Gould Fletcher. ERNESTO FRATONI, Gerente responsabile. Printed in Italy by « VUniverselle » Imprimerie Polyglotte — Roma. SOME COMMENTS ON INITIAL ISSUE. NEW YORK TIMES: ' There can be no doubt about the potentialities of Broom. Ti-ie Editors should be qualified, equally by inclination andability, to steer Broom aeong the more or less perilous path, that it proposes to tread. Its first number sharpens the appetite for more of the same kind. ' CARE SANDBURG : ' The Broom is clean as an airplane propellor and looks LIKE a room swept and garnished — WITH A couple of dirty corners. Whimsical, strong, a breath. I kick myself because I am not an Abou Ben Adhem on its roll call and roster of the blessed. Sweep, Kid, sweep 'em clean .' VAN WYCK BROOKS IN THE FREEMAN : ' They have maintained an ALMOST UNIFORMLY HIGH STANDARD IN THE CONTRIBUTIONS. AND A MAGAZINE THAT IS ABLE TO OBTAIN EXCELLENT WORK FROM WRITERS WHOSE WORK IS NOT ALWAYS EXCELLENT HAS GREATER POWER IN RESERVE THAN ONE THAT DEPENDS ONLY ON THE DEPENDABLE. IF THERE IS ANYTHING IN IT THAT PARTICULARLY PLEASES ME, IT IS THE NOTE OF CATHOLICITY AND INCLUSIVENESS. . . THIS EEAGUE Of Nations in Rome has already accomplished something creditable — WHICH IS MORE THAN CAN BE SAID FOR THE OTHER LEAGUE AT GENEVA. ' ROBERT FROST : ' You're the sweep, this is the Broom and I could WISH THAT I HAD BEEN ONE OF THE SWEEPINGS. IT IS NOTHING ON THE BROOM NOT TO HAVE GATHERED ME IN. ' THE LITERARY REVIEW : ' The Review is thoroughly international, no less than thirteen different countries being represented in ti-ie first ISSUE. ' SINCLAIR EEWIS : ' I am very gi,ad to subscribe to Broom, and I en - close check. These are, I suppose, the practical words of praise which ARE THE MOST COMFORTING TO EDITORS. BROOM SEEMS TO ME, PROM ITS FIRST NUMBER, NOT ONLY TO HAVE THE ORIGINALITY FOR WHICH WE HAD HOPED BUT ALSO A WORKMANLIKE SOLIDITY WHICH PROMISES THAT IT WILL GO ON, GROW, BE SIGNI - FICANT. I return to my first words, I ENCLOSE CHECK, and I hope that A GOOD MANY THOUSANDS WILL ECHO THAT PARTICULAR PHRASE. ' AMERICAN subscriptions should be mailed to the New York Office, THREE EAST NINTH STREET ; EUROPEAN subscriptions to the main office, 18, TRINITA DEI MONTI, ROME (6), Italy. « What of it, if some old hunks OF A SEA-CAPTAIN ORDERS ME TO GET A BROOM AND SWEEP DOWN THE DECKS? What does that indignity amount to, WEIGHED, I MEAN, IN THE SCALES OF THE New Testament ? Do you think the ARCHANGEL GABRIEL THINKS ANYTHING THE LESS OF ME, BECAUSE I PROMPTLY AND RESPECTFULLY OBEY THAT OLD HUNKS IN THAT PARTICULAR INSTANCE? WHO AINT A SLAVE ?» MOBY DICK. BROOM An International Magazine of the Arts Fubeished by Americans in ItaeyEditors, Haroed A. Loeb, Aefred Kreymborg — Associate Editor, Giuseppe Prezzoeini JANUARY, 1-922 VOI,. I, No. 3. The Editors of Broom will be pleased to consider mss. submitted to them, but all mss. mustbe accompanied by a self-addressed, stamped "envelope. The Editors cannot hold themselvesresponsible for loss of mss. in transit.Mss. from Europe should be sent to the Rome office; mss. from America to the New York office.The price of Broom is :For America, fifty cents the copy, and five dollars for a year's subscription. For Italy,10 lire the copy, and 100 lire for a year's subscription. For France, 6 francs the copy, and 60 fiancsfor a year's subscription. For Great Britain, 3/6 the copy, and one pound and fifteen shillingsfor a year's subscription.The contents of this issue are protected by copyright, January, 1922. Infringement of samewill be prosecuted. Headquarters, 18, Trinita dei Monti, Rome (6), Itaey.New York Office, Three East Ninth Street.London Office, Cecie Paemer, Oakeey House, 15-18 Bloomsbury St., W. C. I. (To be continued) (To be continued) (&lt;Continued) (To be concluded). ERNESTO FRATONI, Gerente responsabile. Printed in Italy by « VUniverselle » Imprimerie Polyglotte — Roma. AMERICAN subscriptions should be mailed to theNew York Office, THREE EAST NINTH STREET ;EUROPEAN subscriptions to the main office,18, TRINITA DEI MONTI, ROME (6), Italy. « What of it, if some old hunksOF A SEA-CAPTAIN ORDERS ME TO GET ABROOM AND SWEEP DOWN THE DECKS?What does that indignity amount to,WEIGHED, I MEAN, IN THE SCALES OF THENew Testament ? Do you think theARCHANGEL GABRIEL THINKS ANYTHINGTHE LESS OF ME, BECAUSE I PROMPTLY ANDRESPECTFULLY OBEY THAT OLD HUNKS INTHAT PARTICULAR INSTANCE? WHO AINTA SLAVE ?»MOBY DICK. PageCover Design (Woodcut) — Fernand Leger Snakes, Mongooses, Snake-Charmers and the Like — Marianne Moore 193Tragic Mask — Gordon Craig 194Dedicated to the Enemy — Gordon Craig 195Mask For Sea-Captain — Gordon Craig 200Prose Poems — John Goued Feetcher 207If You Had three Husbands — Gertrude Stein 211Two Paintings — Raoue Dufy 216Lady of Sorrows — Shireey L. Seifert. . 218Stiee Life — Ardengo Soffici . . 225Chateau De Soupir : 1917 — Maecoem Co wee y 226Something Teees — David Rosenthae . : 228The Jack of Diamonds — Eeie Ehrenbourg (Trans, by H. A. I/.) ........ 229Two Drawings of Chareie Chapein — Fernand Leger 232Giovanni Papini — Giuseppe Prezzoeini (Trans, by Dorothy Kreymborg) ... 239Caricature of Papini — Soffici and Carra 243Ceoisonn6 — Grace Hazard Conkexng 249Two Poems — Hieda Conkeing 250Candy Cigar, and Stationary — Waedo Frank 252Two Poems — Aefred Kreymborg % 261Painting — Juan Gris 264Profound Today — Beaise Cendrars (Trans. By H, A. L.) 265Proteus — Paue Ceaudee (Trans, by John Strong Newberry) 268Trinkets — Wieeiam Saphier - 279Drawing — Wieeiam Gropper 284Broomides 285Poem — John Goued Feetci-ier - 288 SNAKES, MONGOOSES,SNAKE-CHARMERS AND THE LIKE. Marianne Moore. I have a friend who would give a price for those long fingers all of onelength —those hideous bird's claws, for that rich looking snake and the mon- goose — .products of the country in which everything is hard work, the countryof the grass-getter,the torch-bearer, the dog-servant, the message-bearer, the holy-man.Engrossed in this distinguished worm nearly as wild and as fierce asthe day it was captured,he gazes as if incapable of looking at anything with a view to analysis." The slight snake rippling quickly through the grass,the leisurely tortoise with its pied back,the chameleon passing from twig to stone, from stone to straw, "lit his imagination at one time; his admiration now converges upon this :thick, not heavy, it stands up from its travelling-basket,the essentially Greek, the plastic animal, all of a piece from nose to tail;one is compelled to look at it as at the shadows of the Alpsimprisoning in their folds like flies in amber, the rhythms of theskating-rink.This animal to which from the earliest times, importance has attached,fine as its worshippers have said—, for what was it invented?To show that when intelligence in its pure formhas embarked on a train of thought which is unproductive, it will comeback ?We do not know ; the only positive thing about it is its shape, but whyprotest ?The passion for setting pecpe right is in itself an afflictive disease.Distaste which takes no credit to itself is best. Gordon Craig. Tragic mask. DEDICATED TO THE ENEMY. Gordon Craig. Gordon Craig. Mask for a sea captain. With a prayer that they will be strongermore malicious and anyhow funnierthan they have been in the past. I. Have I made a mistake. . . ? I mean am I playing the game. . . ?To begin with, is it Hockey — Polo — Cricket — Politics, or is it Theatres ?Which of these Games have we come here to play ?I must say that I was of the opinion that the Game was Theatres. And Iam forced to add that I even took Theatres to be a game as good as the best, andto be played according to the best rules of the Tradition.These rules, as we all know or can find out, date far back and are not theinvention of any one city.The conditions under which this game is played are sometimes poor — it rainsor it shines — but if it is not always fair weather it is not always ford — andif it is really Theatres that we are playing I think everyone who cares about Sportwill agree with me that it's just as easy to play the-game fairly and squarely —even if since time immemorial it has been played by some nations, groups — evengroups (small groups) in our nation — in anything but a fair and square manner.It is a game — it is a sport — this playing at Theatres. I know you'llall admit so much .... The first point X am doubtful about is whether it'sTheatres that our Stage folk are playing at to-day or something else — and thenwhether I and they are both playing the game straight.If I am, they are not; if they are, then I am not.Who is umpire ? There seems to be but one, and that is the Public.Yet the Public does not act as umpire at the decent game of cricket. Oneexpert, skilled and watchful, careful and just, decides.I suppose then that it is the Critics who act as umpire in our game.Mr. Lamb, Mr. Hazlitt of old ; Mr. Shaw, Mr. Beerbohm but just lately,and now Mr. Walkley, Mr. Pitt Robbins, and presumably Mr. Archer forever.Now I never knew anyone less fitted to be an umpire in the Theatre game thanMr. Archer. A very remarkable man, a scholar, qualified for any post in the Governmentservice, worthy, I am told, even to be ambassador, this extraordinary figure doesnot really know what is to be known about the Theatre. . . and is therefore ut- terly disqualified to give the lead to Dramatic Criticism.To whom then can I put the query " How's that, umpire ? " when I see thatour umpire has no notion of what's what ? And if, even in so humble a placeas that of umpire we find the wrong man, then, at the crucial moment, when thefield cries " How's that, umpire? " what harm may not happen to the old game ? ...a chaotic state may result. . . trickery licensed.Of Mr. Archer's, opinions I will not speak. They are as good as anotherman's ... in matters of state, in matters of Carnegie and other trusts I hear theyare infallible. It is his facts, his dates, lam concerned with. What was, andwhen it was, is what Mr. Archer should know. . . and doesn't know.When he wrote that old libel "The Fashionable Tragedian", he proved whata diplomat he might have become, but he ticketed himself once and forever asno critic. . . A critic must be impartial; must not take sides. It's the thing,the game itself, he is to think of ; and to think of that — to discern, to judge,a critic must know. He may not be able to write plays (I hear Mr. Archer writesadmirable plays) ; he may not be able to act, to design, or to direct; but he mustknow how it's done. . . what its difficulties. . . and what is the histoiy of the craftof playmaking, acting, mise-en-scene, decors, lighting, costume, and the historyof the different developments which have taken place in our Theatrical Art inItaly, in France, in Germany, Spain, Russia, and eight or ten other parts of ourglobe. He must know this of modern developments not merely from hearsay. . .he must have seen and heard and recorded for himself.But he must not dream that the facts recorded of the years 1866 to 1916 is allthat he need to know : nor those facts culled from the usual text books, for theusual text books are trash. They repeat the same old fibs with the same youngflourish. The same actors' names are mentioned over and over again. . . thesame references made to the same celebrated actresses. . . and meantime someof the most interesting performers' names are utterly forgotten. . . and someof the greatest. Theatres such as Covent Garden, Drury Lane, the OperaHouse, Paris, and the Wagner Theatre in Bayreuth have volumes written onthem . ... all very proper this ; but the story of the Theatres of the world doesnot begin and end in that sort of thing.We hear in Magazines and in Books of Inigo Jones, De Loutherbourgh,Clarkson Stanfield, Telbin, Planche, Hottenroth, Racinet, Craven ; and that'sall very right and proper too; but again, the story of the Scenic craft does notbegin with Inigo Jones and end with Craven. It does not even end with Bakst,Craig, or Appia. It may even begin with them. The umpire must say. And so as lam one in this Game of Theatres and the umpire's presumablysomewhere about, I, on behalf of my own particular friends. . . and I count someof the most brilliant and all of the most profound players as my friends. . . ask,is this the noble old game of Theatres that we are playing — and am I, and arethey, playing it fairly and squarely ?I would illustrate my point.A great master of scenography and a young one are both friends of mine.We see none of the work of the first in a Theatre of Europe to-day because hehas an objection to being pelted by ignorance with the eggs and oranges suppliedby intrigue. . . Now then, umpire . . . what are you doing that you say nothingwhen you see foul play in our sport ?The second brings his work to the Theatre and receives exaggerated praisefor what is bad in it, and no understanding at all for what are sure signs of apossible development.The work of these two men is ignorantly received ; . . . at the same timethe work of four of their imitators is hailed as epoch-making marvels.. . . How's that, umpire ? . . .And how long is that to be, umpire ?For if I am playing at Theatres, and if I and my friends are playing the game#I expect the rest of the field to be told it is to respect the rules of the game orclear out.But who is to bring the rogues to order ?No one can do this but the Critics.And so I hope that our English Critics will not think that the old textbooks of past ages and hearsay about this age, is enough to qualify even anAmbassador to be Dramatic Critic. . . to be umpire in the Game of Theatres. II. This was written and in the Publishers' hands before I became aware ofa very queer thing — a very queer thing indeed — as you shall hear.Telling you about it demands a little patience from us both — you andmyself — for to tell you I must talk a little of myself ... a thing we generallyavoid in our books.Now for the queer thing.It appears that I am held to be anti-English !That is the whisper which a certain gang keeps up, and, when caught whis- pering, comes out with it honestly. . . " honest, honest lago ". . . " so are theyall, all honourable — lagos. "I am " decrying England " because I think and say that the state of its Theatre to-day is preposterous. I who hate to see England displaying the worsttheatrical art instead of the best — you who hate that too — I in agreementwith you. Are we all anti-English then ?And here the spot is touched. For I understand from certain unpre- judiced quarters. . . from those who ought to know. . . that in some respects Irepresent the best in theatrical art.There we have it.The whispering then is " political'' .•. . Theatrical political — the ancientcomic business, nothing but that — a malicious clique's cackle.Were I a writer such as Beerbohm, a painter such as Pryde, or a musician,there would be really absolutely no need for me to take the slightest note of whatthe enemy does or says.But unfortunately this enemy knows that by chatter and lies it can preventme from getting my Theatre, and thus prevent me from doing my work. I'llfight that.I'd prefer that the Press and others should do the fighting while I get onwith my work ; but as no one takes up the cudgels it's left to me to go hell for] eat her on my own.Any old lie to cheat England out of the best so that the tenth best may havea chance. . .I would like you to understand me that I myself think pretty well ofmyself as an artist of the theatre — so thinks every artist -of himself if he beworth his salt, so don't apologize for me.The old artists knew their worth — the new ones do so too. The artistsin the Theatre of England are not many, because something nowadays enslavesthe mind to such an extent that it has no place nor time to grow in them.Something cramps and withers it. . . and backbiting is rampant.The mind of the great dramatist is radiant and free. — great actors musthave like minds : the eye of the great dramatist sees and does not shirk seeingtruth — the great actors must see the same. Yet how can the mind, the eye;or the mind's eye see anything when the man is willing to accept personal com- fort in exchange for freedom of mind ?All that we have here (in London especially), all comforts and luxuries likecosy houses — rooms — glorious food — perfect transport in tubes, in buses,in motors — perfect organization so far as externals are concerned — bric-a- brac galore to indulge our " collecting " instincts — our pre-war fads and fan- cies catered to with the utmost care — our tobacconists too good for words —the shops overflowing with creature-comforts of every kind. . . how can all thisbut act as a narcotic on us at an hour when what we want to do is dependent on great sacrifices — (not a newspaper phrase, but a reality) — and when whatwe must do and would willingly do if we were free is strangled by self- indulgence. . .We hear on all sides the catch-phrases about having nothing ... no servants,110 money, no this, no that; whereas in England we have everything. L,et us go towhere those people dwell who really have nothing, and learn how preferable it iswhen great things have to be achieved. By " nothing " I mean of course — andunderstand me clearly — nothing for themselves but bare necessities . . . andeverything for their work . . their great ideas . . their cause .. . their labours.For while a man does not need all these coddling personal comforts. . •servants three or even two, silver, fine linen, and the hundred and one unneces- sary creature comforts, he does need (we all need) the necessities, the luxuries ofhis labour ; . . . machines, tools, materials, and the means to labour like giants .giant means.And then, after all those necessities for which millions should be set aside bythe State, or given by those who have it if a State is too p00r... and if we deservedwell after our labours, I for one would not decry the little luxuries we might thenhave won a right to desire and surplus wages to pay for. But nowadays everyonehas all these things before his work has begun, and all for being a patientass — patient ass is, I think, William Blake's phrase for us.It's of artists and craftsmen I speak, and chiefly of those artists and craftsmenin our trade — the Theatrical one.A fine trade too — a good job — a great old game — but one which shouldbe played fairly and squarely. III. To play a game would seem to us all awfully easy :... a game of draughts, —hockey, — football, — cricket, — any happy sport.But, there are rules.One of these is so simple that every sportsman observes it. It is the firstnatural and ancient rule of " Don't cheat. " For if you cheat you are not play- ing the game.And this explains how it is that so few people are really playing the game.The rule is to win the game fairly or to lose it; and it is between these twotasks, that of playing fair or losing, that many of us come to stop playing gamesaltogether.The difficulties are nothing. — One sole thing stops the game ; . . . whenthose against whom one plays take out a licence to cheat. A large minorityof those playing the Theatrical game are actually allowed to hold such a licence. That licence is called " commercialism Commercialism in the Arts is the li- cence sold by rogues to rogues, and which cheats the nation.%The English People are fond of Sport, games of Sport, because nothing givesthem the grand feeling so much as to play fair and to see fair play.To play the game well — to keep the rules — not to cheat, trip or sneak,is to play fair.The Theatre is my game, and I shall play it fair.That's why I will lend no ear to those people who from a natural, if exag- gerated, anxiety lest I lose the game, come to me with agitated doubts andfears as to my powers, and more or less beg me to put tin-tacks on the course —dope the other fellows — and bribe the umpire's wife.I had better tell you without any more ado that I do not intend to do asthey kindly suggest.It appears that every " Napoleon " does this, every great statesman, ever}7great financier ; in short, ever}7 great public figure.It appears so, for a few of my friends say so.I believe they exaggerate.I believe they are a little over-anxious, and I think, as I said, I will play fairright through.us look at the friendly arguments.ist. You need money to realize your ideas.2nd. You need the whole Press of Europe.3rd. You need to advertise on a stupendous scale." Cadam soap ", says one to me, "is the success of the age ; — it's agood soap — but it took great sums of money to advertise it — and advertise- ment is all. "" How should I obtain this petty cash ? " say I, " tell me. "And then I hear strange things as they unveil their innermost thoughts. . .I hear what it is that would entitle me to the licence to cheat.From what they say it would appear that to begin with I must positivelybribe the umpire's wife — not forgetting his sister, daughter, and nieces —This bribery takes a hundred different fantastic shapes.The Millionaire is to be bamboozled. Commence hy lying to his best friend —she will manage to trip him up, it appears — for the sake of the art.Hang around and lend a hand as he comes down the dark lane some foggyevening. . . and rob him. . . Hold him up, in short." Napoleon did it " — they all do it " — besides, millionaires, mean andselfish, deserve it.Extraordinary argument. In other words they propose that I should hit below the belt — when theumpire is dallying with the eye of his best girl and can't see for love —Glorious proposition —" Is this done everywhere ? "I ask." Oh yes, everywhere. "" And which land does it best, would you say ? "" Oh. they all do it well — but the style is sometimes finer in one land thanin another. "" Is there a fine way of hitting below the belt ? ""Yes — yes — lots of fine ways ; some of the fine ways are a bit common,but most are exceptionally fine. You can use blackmail1 — or perjury is prettygood — and you can employ these two in countless ways. "" Perhaps the finest, most gallant way is to employ all the liars you knowand feed them with little titbits ; — you pay them, of course, some in onekind of coin, others in another. "" Yes, yes, it's very expensive... that's why you need the money — the Pressand Advertisement." Above all you must remember always to bear in mind that there is a higherand. a lower nature in everyone and never fail to appeal to their lowest nature. "" All this is so useful, " one murmurs back, — " tell me more: tell me howI should do this with the Theatre. ""The Theatre ! " cries my well-wisher — " why, the Theatre offers you un- told opportunities of this kind." Take the Ballet, for example. . . What a field ! "" Yes, " I reply, forgetting what this meant for a moment; "itis a fieldI love much. "" Love, — I wasn't talking of that. Prostitution is what I mean. Therenever was such a genuinely decent field for prostitution as that offered by theBallet — if you know how to handle it. . . and make it respectable — "And then the Curtain rose.The spectacle revealed was certainly the most decent, the most respect- able bit of cheating I have ever seen or heard of. But to the eye all was morethan Victorian — to the ear it was positively Cromwellian.Nothing at all risque like Maud Allen.Nothing genuinely erotic like " Aphrodite. "There on the stage was the umpire's wife — his sister — his daughters —1 Lest you should think I am jesting, my reader, I would remind you that we noneof us make jokes about such subjects. It's the gaudy truth I have the pleasure of tell- ing you. People really do talk to me like this. his nieces — his best girls : all of them there. . . a cabal of propriety. . . and everyJack girl of them a respectable cheat.The Ballet performance was entitled" Swindling Man."" Colossal programme."I enjoyed the evening hugely and came out.But not before I had looked round the house and listened to the audiencechatting, and had seen and heard. . . wonders.tSo then, — that's the little game, is it ? . . .The Art of the Theatre.Then I will play the game fair to the end, and mind all you boys do the same.For this other thing is not worth the halfpenny dip which illumines a rotten age —if what I am told be true.** *And indeed it is a rotten age the minute you agree that it's so.Yet now when I admit no such thing — behold, this rotten age with itsswindle falls back and takes its place — at the servants' table. The masters aresitting elsewhere — Heaven knows ; — and we, the artists, sit in the Gallerywith the Gods. . .• Who said — who says — 'tis a rotten affair, this life, this age ; did I ? —no, I objected solely to the custom of cheating at cards and art. I find the restof it superb.Because a greatly gifted singer cannot say one decent word for the wholeshow, what matter is that? — if a great actress greatly endowed chooses towaste her spare moments picking holes in the universe and her fellow men, whatmatters that ? — If a great statesman be incapable in every other respect butstatesmanship that is nothing for those of us who intend playing the game.Because the great are so weak, is that any reason for us to shake our headsand get a fixed and silly idea therein ?If the great must be small, let them — there is heaps of room at the servants'table — let them be great there.Because these great servants like the Cinema for its popularity — like vul- garity — regret none of their own — raise a noise and the dust, what matter thatto us who chance prefer to be seated at the other table ?If we eat less at theupper table than these great ones, what of that either ? — " Come down here, " they yell all through dinner ; " come down 'ere and join the great and you'll'ave all you want. " But we've a kind of fancy that we have all we want seat- ed with the Gods in the gallery — we feel anyhow that we have paid for our seats.The chief thing we want wre have — that is singleness of purpose and thepower of not altering one's mind. . . and the power to sacrifice some or all ofour little personal ego for a productive egoism which believes that the thing isgreater than the man. . . the work of art greater than the performer.** *Did you ever change your mind ?. . . about something you believed in ?...Well, then, you know what it's like. . . and what the loss.To change the mind is the greatest sorrow. I have often changed it. . .but not about the Theatre. Not on your life ! as they say in America.In 1900 I asked for money to start a School for the Theatre in London.&lt;(Doa production, " they replied, " and then you will be able to get all youwant."I did one. " Dido and Aeneas, " 1900, Hampstead Conservatoire, N. W.London.I asked for support for a School." Do one more production, " they replied, " and you will be able to get allyou want."I did one more. " The Masque of Love, " 1901, Coronet Theatre, NottingHill, S. W. London.I asked for support for a School." Do just one more production to show people what you want and you willbe able to get everything you want. "I did one more. " Acis and Galatea, " 1902, Queen's Theatre, W. C. London.I asked for support for a School." No, no, " they replied, " You must do one more production to show what youcan do, and you will find everyone willing to support your school afterwards."I did one more — two more — three more." Sword and Song, " " The Vikings, " and " Much Ado about Nothing, "1903, Shaftesbury Theatre, W. London ; Imperial Theatre, W. London.I then asked again for support for a School.You understand that I hold the same opinion to-day I then held, whichis that without a school or workshops in which I, the workman, can make andperfect a machine (and by that I mean a small but well-organized army of work- men) all the productions must be tenth rate instead of first-rate. To make a production first-rate endless experiment is necessary : endless because out ofthirty experiments possibly only two may prove of any value.In 1904 I produced other plays, or part plays, in Germany and elsewhere,.. . and later on I asked once again for a school. (Of course I asked England,England being my land and celebrated for fair play in all games).I was told I ought to produce " one more play, and then, ". . . etc., etc.So I found the best equipped theatre in Europe and did one more play," Hamlet, " 1911, Moscow Art Theatre, Russia, N.Not that I believed for one moment that this was the way to do a good pieceof work ; — in fact I was sure that if I played the game in the Moscow Art TheatreI should not produce the thing as I wanted.Never mind ; I would do it — and see if the others were pleased.It seems they were. — I was not. — It has already run, I am told, overfour hundred nights.I then asked for my School. " No, you must produce one more play, " etc.,etc., they said.And there I struck 1 . . . And I pointed to the eight plays I had producedin 1900, 1901, 1902, 1903, 1904, and 1911, and reminded them of their promises.And no sooner had I struck than my School came.It came in 1913 ; it went in 1914. . . for the war swept it away, and my sup- porter did not see the value of keeping the engine fires " banked. " So the fireswent out.It is a rare business, as you know, to relight the fires once they are allowedto go out.And now I have begun to ask once more for my School. . . for my workshops.The reply is curious and original: it is, "If you will produce one play weare quite sure that afterwards, " etc., etc.That much repeated phrase, that very promising nothing, has provedworthless : and yet some friends dear to me have uttered it and still utter it.I take long to decide that others are wrong and that I am right. I wouldfar rather be wrong with the others than right and alone. Yet I fear I am rightin this case.If anything has proved right it is that what I asked for in 1900 and askedfor in 1913, and still for ask in 1922, is right. . . and my friends wrong.Now the reason why good friends join in this general cry of " Produce onemore play, " etc., etc., is because they see that all games are to-day being played1 And there I still strike. I produce no more plays till I have my School. by the aid of a bit of cheating. .. a bit or a good deal. The have joined in theswindle — it has agreed with them — and they are surprised it don't agreewith me.If they are correct, one must, as I said above, cheat the millionaire out ofhis millions, setting spies on to him at the psychological physiological mo- ment when he is unsuspecting to lure out of his pocket his blank cheque.I disagree with this.One must (it would seem) cheat the actors by promises, fulsome praise*and every other dope used upon the obstinate and the ignorant. One mustpurchase the Press !. . . Purchase ? Hoity toity, I purchase what is alreadyone of my truest friends ! One must, in short, cheat from first to last.I don't think I will.I didn't think I would. . . and I take this opportunity of showing how muchworth lies in that guarantee that support will come " if you will produce justone more play,Fudge, ladies ! — fudge, gentlemen !And I am most distinctly on strike again. . . a strike of one against two hun- dred thousand.I would never urge another to strike with me because, again, that is notplaying the game.That is not understanding the game.That is merely underestimating one's own powers.That is conspiracy.The Dramatic Art in England is excellent — only it's not dramatic — andthere is no art to it.This has come about because one of the principal rules of the game has beenbroken.This rule is " never say the third-best is good at the expense of the first-bestand at the expense of the public. "The advertisement puts it like this :" Ask for Promethian Grates. "" Don't be put off with any just as good. " THE DEATH OF ENGLAND. Slowly, athwart the terrible fierce sunlight that marks a blasted summer,the body of England, rigid and stiffened in death, is borne to its last long rest.Horse-chestnuts lift ten thousand waxen candles before it; thrushes intonetheir office in plaintive cadences ; the faint grey-purple incense of lilac is waftedinto the air ; bees cease their murmurings ; and the swallow, the blithe cross- bearer of the sky, is silent. .From a million starving faces, pale and stunned with excess of suffering,a lonely silent plaint of irremediable misery climbs softly, like the great wail- ing notes of an endless De Profundis, into the ashen-blue vault of the sky.Slowly athwart the terrible days that crawl forward to where the sun isoffered up on the altar of midsummer, the body of England, broken with weari- ness, is borne to the slow wailings of the chant which the winds weave about it,and the dropping of wax-white petals from innumerable hawthorn trees.Eternal rest grant her, O Lord, and the peace of the night that passes allunderstanding. IN THE GALLERY OF SKULLS. Shelf above shelf, there stretches out before me whatever way I go, a longstraight gallery lined with yellow skulls. Millions of insignificant, vacant, hol- low-eyed and grinning-toothed brain-cases of men, containing under the domesof their foreheads, only vacuity and silence. Varying but little in size or inshape, from the Hottentot or the cave-man to the modern captain of industry,from the artist who organized his surging dreams on stone or in canvas, to thewise scientist pondering life in patience, or the idiot negro boy with emptyeyes and slobbering lips, who suffered for a few years the horror of living dark- ness before vanishing back into eternity. Delicate skulls of infants, tooth- less skulls of old men, shadowy fragile skulls of those dead before birth ; theirflesh is long since grass, ferns, ashes, dust, their thoughts are in me or in mil- lions of my kind. They have all gone under, consigning to the silence theirdreams unspoken Assuming that it is equally useless to love or to hate; yetthe solid material of their bodies perishes and vanishes with the past, theirchildish vain dream of eternity renews itself in me and in you every day, shap- ing the deathless adornment of that song in which we may all partake for amoment. A miracle — of bodiless electric being — that surrounded and en- walled as we are with staring death before and behind us, we smile, we leap,we dance, we fight, we exist, we drop tears of bitterness on failure, and graspstill desperately for the sharp bodiless laurel of success. What more miraclethan this need we seek, O men, O brothers, to prove that we become one withthe gods which we, in our horror of truth and of death, incessantly destroyand create ?Some da}r this world too will become an empty, vacant skull; and the sun,exulting in life, rushing oft to warm other planets, will look deeply into thehollow sockets that once were seas ; will count the scars that once were mightycities, will trace the furrows that once were roadways, canals, and rivers, andthen will pass on silently down its own vast gallery of death to an unknown end. THE SECRET OF MARS. Some people say that the planet Mars is uninhabited. But this is not true,for I have been there and seen it.Many centuries ago, the Martians fought their last great war ; many cen- turies ago they organized a life scientifically perfect.But for all that, they were not content; and their planet, like their hearts,began growing colder every year.Then one day they suddenly decided to build a great tower to a forgottenGod ; and because they were weary of their machines, they decided that nostone of it should be cut by anything else but hammer and chisel and humanhands.Centuries they must have laboured, for the building as it stands is immensein desolation. It is surrounded with a forest of columns for ten miles; at theintersection of enormous aisles, poised above the glory of huge leaping arches,stands the lantern-tower unfinished, ten thousand feet high.Upon the pavement below it lies the body of the last workman, his troweluplifted, and his hand ready to place a stone. His form is still perfect, for itis frozen in death. On the tower rests the treasure of the perpetual snow; you would notsay that Mars is uninhabited, could you hear the groans that the settlingstone makes at sunrise or when the evening drifts swiftly across the barrenplanet. THE NEW WORLD. Many centuries before the old world came to an end, it had been realisedby the intelligent that the old planet was in a bad way ; and that it was withher, to use an expression current in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries," merely a question of time. " Suicides became immediately fashionable;and of all the forms of suicide, the " suicide a deux " was most popular. Manylovers, wishing to marry, but realising the futility of propagating their spe- cies, invested their savings in aeroplanes powerful enough to overcome theforce of gravity and to launch them into the oblivion of space, from which theynever returned.Among these there were two equally noted for their wealth and their beauty.Their private affairs had been discussed in many papers ; their pictures hungin many homes ; their respective talents were the unfailing theme of millions ofenterprising newsagents. Fame and fortune might have been theirs for theasking ; yet they chose, with a perversity worthy of a better cause, to launchthemselves forth into space for their honeymoon.After the aeroplane had carried them at an enormous speed far beyondthe confines of this planet, despite the automatic supply of oxygen they werebreathing, this couple suddenly fainted. When they recovered themselvesa few moments later, they were lying together amid the wreckage of their ma- chine on a plain covered with green moss, in the midst of a gigantic virgin forest.On account of the rapidity of their transit, their clothes had been completelytorn from their bodies. Otherwise they were uninjured, except for a shockto the brain which made them incapable of remembering whence they came,or of speaking the least word. They were awakened as out of a deep sleep,upon a new planet of which they had not the least knowledge.The woman wakened the first and seeing the man asleep, went towardsa near-by tree and began pulling leaves from it and fastening them togetherin the shape of garments for her body. The man, startled by the unexpectedmovement of a serpent in the branches, wakened too and went towardsthe woman&gt; babbling with startled lips incomprehensible phrases in a newspeech. THE WAY OF DUST. John Gould Fletcher. I)ust, grejr colourless dust, soft, fluffy, velvety, dust that sweeps over end- less deserts, sweeps into the crevices of buildings, dust that emerges frombeaten carpets, dust that rises from this paper, blurs my weary vision at last.Man is the maker of dust; dust stirs beneath his feet; dust rises from thelabour of his hands; dust increases in every fire he has made ; dust takes allhis works ; the ink upon this page is only dust.In the ash-heap is salvation, and in the dust of the grave is all attainment.Far beyond the last of the planets, beyond Orion and the Milky Way, lieshapeless clouds of dust, relics of innumerable worlds on which others have alsolived and suffered. In the heart of the divine darkness this dust of the uni- verse stirs and dances, and rekindles in itself, through perpetual movement,the germ of universal life and the light of common day.Embracing this dust, I embrace all things ; summoning forth this dust,I summon also God ; desiring only this dust, I desire forever immortality.I am but an infinitesimal particle of casual dust, and it matters nothingto my destiny if I live here amongst men or beyond the most distant star. IF YOU HAD THREE HUSBANDS. Gertrude Stein. If you had three husbands.If you had three husbands.If you had three husbands, well not exactly that.If you had three husbands would you be willing to take everything andbe satisfied to live in Belmost in a large house with a view and plenty of flowersand neighbors, neighbors who were cousins and some friends who did not sayanything.This is what happened.She expressed everything.She is worthy of signing a will.And mentioning what she wished.She was brought up by her mother. She had meaning and she was care- ful in reading. She read marvelously. She was pleased. She was aged thir- t3'-nine. She was flavored by reason of much memory and recollection.This is everything. Foreword. I cannot believe it.I cannot realise it.I cannot see it.It is what. happened.First there was a wonder.Really wonder.Wonder by means of what.Wonder by means of measuresMeasuring what.Heights.How high.A little.This was not all. There were well if you like there were wonderful spots such as were seenby a queen. This came to be a system. Really it was just by a treasure. Whatwas a treasure. Apart from that.Surely.Rather.In their beginning what was a delight. Not signing papers or anythingor indeed in having a mother and two sisters. Not nearly enough were men- tioned by telegraphing. It was a choice.I ramble when I mention it-Did she leave me any money.I remember something.I am not clear about what it wasWhen did I settle that.I settled it yersterday. Early Life. They were not miserably young they were older than another. She wasgliding. It is by nearly weekly leaning that it comes to be exact. It neverwas in dispute.They were gayly not gaily gorgeous. They were not gorgeous at all. Theywere obliging. If you think so. If you think so glow. If you believe in lightboys. They were never another.It came to be seen that any beam of three rooms was not showy. Theywere proud to sit at mother. Slowly walking makes walking quicker. Theyhave toys and not that in deceiving. They do not deceive them. No one iswilling. No one could be cool and mother and divided and necessary and cli- matical and of origin and beneath that mean and be sun. It was strangein her cheek. Not strange to them or that.A young one.Not by mountains.Not by oysters.Not by hearing.Not by round ways.Not by circumference again.Not by leaving luncheon.Not by birth.It doesn't make difference when ten are born. Ten is never a number.Neither is six. Neither is four.I will not mention it again. Early days of shading. Make a mouse in green.Make a single piece of sun and make a violet bloom. Early piece of swim- ming makes a sun on time and makes it shine and warm to-day and sun and sunand not to stay and not to stay or away. Not to stay satin. Out from thewhole wide world he chose her. Out from the whole wide world and that iswhat is said. Family. What is famine. It is plenty of another. What is famine. It is eating.What is famine. It is carving. Why is carving a wonderful thing. Becausesupper is over. This can happen again. Sums are seen.Please be polite for mother. Lives of them. Call it shall it clothe it.Boil it. Why not color it black and never red or green. This is stubborn.I don't say so. No OPPOSITION. If you had a little likeness and hoped for more terror. If you had a refusaland were slender. If you had cuff-buttons and jackets and really astonishingkinds of fever would you stop talking. Would you not consider it necessaryto talk over affairs.It was a chance that made them never miss tea. They did not miss itbecause it was there. They did not mean to be particular. They invited theirfriends. They were not aching. It was noiseless and beside that they wereclever. Who was clever. The way they had of seeing mother.Mother was prepared.They were caressing.They had sound sense.They were questioned.They had likeness. Likeness to what. Likeness to loving. Who hadlikeness to loving. They had likeness to loving. Why did they have a likenessto loving. They had a likeness to loving because it was easily seen that theywere immeasurable.They were fixed by that, they were fixed, not licensed, they were seen,not treasured, they were announced, not restless, they were reasoning, notprogressing. Ido not wish to imply that there is any remedy for defect.I cannot state that any one was disappointed. I cannot state that anyone was ever disappointed by willingly heaping much confusion in particularplaces. No confusion is reasonable. Anybody can be nervous. They were nervous again.This is wishing.Why is wishing related to a ridiculous pretence of changing opposition toanalysis. The answer to this is that nearly any one can faint. I don't meanto say that they don't like tennis.Please be capable of sounds and shoulders. Please be capable of carefulwords. Please be capable of meaning to measure further.They married there.They were heroes.Nobody believed papers.Everybody believed colors.I cannot exercise obligation.I cannot believe cheating.I cannot sober mother.I cannot shut my heart.I cannot cherish vice.I cannot deceive all.I cannot be odious.I cannot see between.Between what and most.I cannot answer either.Do be left over suddenly.This is not advice.No one knows so well what widening means. It means that yards areyards and so many of them are perfect. By that I mean I know.This is not so.I am not telling the story I am repeating what I have been reading.What effects tenderness.Not to remember the name.Say it.The time comes when it is natural to realise that solid advantages connectthemselves with pages of extreme expression. This is never nervously pale.It is finely and authentically swollen by the time there is any rapid shouting.Ido like the word shouting. Ido not mean that it gives me any pleasure.On the contrary I see that individual annoyances are increased by it but never- theless lam earnestly persuasive concerning it. Why soothe why soothe eachother.This is not at all what is being said.It happened very simply that they were married. They were naturallymarried and really the place to see it was in the reflection every one had of not frightening not the least bit frightening enthusiasm. They were so exactand by nearly every one it was encouraged soothed and lamented. Ido notsay that they were interested.Any years are early years and all years are occasions for recalling that shepromised me something.This is the way to write an address.When they were engaged she said we are happy. When they were marriedshe said we are happy. They talked about everything they talked aboutindividual feeling. This is not what was said. They did not talk about disin- terested obligation. They did not talk about pleasantness and circumstances.I do not mean to say that there was conversation. I do not organise a revision.I declare that there was no need of criticism. That there was no criticism.That there was breathing. By that I mean that lights have lanterns and arenot huddled together when there is a low ceiling. By that I mean that it wasseparate. The ceiling was separated from the floor. Everywhere.I could say that devotion was more merited than walking together. Whatdo you mean. I mean that we all saw it.When not by a beginning is there meadows and music, you can't call itthat exactly, when not by a beginning, there is no beginning, I used to say therewas a beginning, there is no beginning, when there is no beginning in a volumeand there are parts, who can think.This pencil was bought in Austria. Raoul, DufyCourtesy Bemheim Jeune - Paris. Painting. Raoul, Dufy.Courtesy Bernheim Jeune - Paris. Painting. LADY OF SORROWS. Shirley Iv. Seifert. They laugh at her in Collierton, but with a queer, puzzled, false note in theirlaughter. And they tell tales and jokes about her ; but there fall lulls and breaksin the gossip even among the swarthy Russian, Iyithuanian, German, Italian mi- ners, as if these man brutes were suddenly moved to cross themselves and pray :" Mar}', keep us from knowing why Simikoff's so crazy after funerals ! "Collierton sprawls over a group of low hills in Southern Illinois. There isa rawness of atmosphere there, a helter-skelter shooting this way and that ofstreets, a hap-hazard jumble of shacks and bungalows, a general im- pression that here are the crude, jagged, unworked elements of life, not the ming- led, smoothly flowing stream of life as most folks know it. Here and therea church spire, usually topped by a cross, lifts itself above the confusion. OnCenter Street three cream-colored stone buildings endeavor to provide dignity —the federal post office, the Masonic temple, the Miners' Institute. Tootling in- terurban cars establish hourly connection with the world outside. The passen- gers on these cars smile as they ride through the business section of Collierton.They find it amusing that a Garavelli and a Schwartz, for instance, have formeda partnership in the grocery business.Except for the shawled women, gossiping and haggling over their market- ing and the school children trooping back and forth at intervals, you can't. see the real people of Collierton until along about four o'clock in the afternoon.At about that time, on three sides of the town, whistles, each of a readily distin- guished note, begin to blow ; and shortly afterwards special cars, motor trucks,and a dinky train on a belt line railroad dump into the streets the menfolk —whole squads of rough, smudgy creatures in clumping, heavy boots, with car- bide lamps in their caps, enormous tin dinner pails under their arms, and rudejests or brawling complaints forever on their lips. These are the ones who laughat Simikoff and break off in the midst of their laughing.Simikoff, being English of native speech, is not counted a foreigner in Col- lierton. In happier circumstances, left to follow her natural bent, she wouldhave been one of those priceless, respectable, serene house servants, now well- nigh extinct. But she married Michael Simikoff when she was young and fool- ish and she came to Collierton with him. Now she abides all alone in a one- story gray frame cottage, much out of plumb, as if the winds of many years hadblown it all askew. She flits about the dreary little yard like some stray birdunsummoned by migrating kindred.So long as she bides in the little house or flits about the yard, no one noticesher in particular. It is when her spare drab figure, hooded with its dingyshawl, snoops along the street that all beholders catch their breath and ask ofthemselves, if no one else is handy, " Who can be dead now ?" She holds therecord for snatching such news from the winds. Should the whistles of any mineblow one blast in the middle of the morning or some such dread unusual time,which means that a mine has had to close and that, probably a fatality will goon the books of that pit and that all the locals will take a holiday for the burying,Simikoff, without apparent means of communication, can tell in the half hourwho has been killed, how, and what the allowance to his family will be, figuredfrom the day when the victim entered the pits to the day they bring him up tothe light which he cannot see.Now, the jesters in Collierton would attribute all this to a very bad tastefor lurid news which leads Simikoff to haunt the house of death before the un- dertaker can hang decent crepe on the door. But Simikoff herself, properlyinspired, to keener ears would tell a deeper story. One morning she knocked atthe back door of her neighbor's house to borrow a cup of vinegar. In this houselived the young time-keeper and secretary for the greatest of the mines and hissweet young wife, to whom had recently been born their first child, a son. Itwas the hour for the baby's bath. Simikoff, suddenly all in a flutter, askedand was given permission to assist at the ceremony. She seated herself defer- entially on the edge of a reed rocker, planted her shabby shoes carefully on thelinoleum square before the stove, fixed her washed-out blue eyes adoringly onthe squirming babe, and delivered herself of the following scraps of pausing now and then, adiift among her memories, until started anew by anartful question." You started out right, ain't you, with a boy ? I always like to see a boycome first. My first one were a boy. We called him Harry after my brother,him as were killed in an explosion at sea. I worrited some about that, feelingthat it might be bad luck to call a boy after a body that had come to such anend. But I always thought so much of my brother afore he were killed — and wecalled the first boy Harry, after him." Then come a girl. Rachel we called her. She were a good girl. Thencome Paul. He were my last. Michael were crippled in Novak's wagon minePaul's first birthday. Others we had, in between, four of them; but they ne- ver lived. Times were harder those days. My Paul's in heaven now fifteenyears. " Came the first drifting pause, Simikoff nodding her head up and down, upand down." Yes, " she said in response to a question, " I went to the Maruka funeralyesterday. I went to two funerals Did you ever know of a worsestorm here ? The rain a pouring down and the wind a cutting through a body ?But I went to the funerals, though I says to Fannie Maruka in the morning, Isays, 'It's awful weather for funerals ! It minds me of the day my Harry wereput away ! ' Fannie Maruka being just a day older than my Harry would havebeen. Twenty years ago they buried my Harry. Weather just like yesterday,the rain a pouring down and the wind a cutting through a body. And him onlya lad of sixteen, one day fine and strong, the next laying in his coffin !" Yes'm, he were killed in Skrainka Brothers' Mine Number 2. I didn'twant him to work in the pits. Seems like I got afeared of the pits after Michaelwere hurted. Michael were never good for anything from that day. Seemedto get foolish like. I'd look at him setting in his arm chair all twisted anddoddering and the horrors would get me. I wanted my Harry to get a job inSchwartz's store, but he laughed at me." ' Mom, ' he says, ' I will work in the mines. I'll get twice as much moneyand play days now and then. '" ' Play days, ' I says, ' are all counted off on pay days. And you're tooyoung to go down underground. '" 'Pop,' he says, 'worked in the pits when he were twelve years old.I'm fifteen. '" ' And you see what he got for it, ' I says pointing to Michael in his chair.' And all I got for it is so much added to his disability allowance for his workingthat length of time. Do not go into the pits, Harry. '" But one day he come home, saying he had a job at Skrainka's Mine Num- ber 2. And a year later I heared the whistles. You know the noise of Num- ber 2's whistles — kinda hoarse like a steamboat. I says to Michael, I says,' The pits have got Harry, too. ' And sure enough they brought him home. AndMichael says to me, he says, ' The boys will give him a grand funeral. '" And they did. But it were terrible weather, just like yesterday, when Isays to Fannie Maruka, I says, ' It's an awful day for funerals. It minds me# • #of the day they put my Harry away ; though, of course, the Maruka burying were,nothing like my Harry's. You couldn't ask the pits to bury an old man insuch grand way as they buried my first boy. "Simikoff's eyes showed no tears. They still stared adoringly at the babe,who was on his stomach now, trying hard to get a good mouth hold on his mo- ther's apron." Pert, ain't he ? " said Simikoff. "My Rachel were pert like that. She come a year after Harry. She finished High School when she were only six- teen. It were partly for to keep her at school that Harry went into the pits.She got her a certificate to teach at the school at Caneyville, just outa thetown, at seventeen." She had beaus, Rachel did. They used to fight over walking with her.She had blue eyes and soft yellow hair with curls like. She minded me ofmyself afore I got married to Michael. Her beaus were young men from the pitsmostly, of course. But I says to her, I says, ' Have nought to do with thepits, Rachel. They got your father and they got your brother. They ought tobe satisfied, but they never are, the hungry pits ! Have nought to do withthe pits. 'Mom, I won't, ' she says, like a good, smart girl. ' I hate'em too. '" So she promised herself to a Danny Killoren, as drove an express truckfrom here to St. Louis and back again. In one way I did not want Rachel tomarry. She were full young and the money she brought in from her teachinghelped. But Danny Killoren were a fine man, he had a good business, and hehad rented a flat in St. Louis for Rachel. He would be taking her away. Isays to Michael, I says, ' The pits will never get Rachel, now. ' But Michaelwere getting foolisher and foolisher in the head, so he only sat and grinned atme. Mebbe he didn't rightly know what I said to him, but he gave me a chill,grinning so. - ." It were in the fall of the year that Rachel promised herself to DannyKilloren. She would keep her school till Christmas and then wed with him.Then come a big strike in the pits, with the men grumbling and growling allover the town. I says to Rachel one morning, I says, ' Why don't you takethe other road to your school ? It's longer, but you would not need to passthrough the Russki settlement. '" ' Mom ! ' she says, like a good, smart girl, ' I will after this. Just todayI want to stop by and see how Sammy Sorkin is getting along. He broke hisleg last week. '" And the minute she stepped out of .the door, I felt another terrible chill,like as if I had put my bare feet in the snow. And when I turned around, Mi- chael were grinning to himself like he always did. ' Michael, ' I says, ' couldthe pits get Rachel, do you think ? ' But he only grinned.Rachel hadn't been gone ten minutes when I heared shooting. I saysto Michael, I says, ' That's over Russki way. They have got Rachel. Whatfor would they shoot my Rachel ? '" Sure enough, it were Rachel. The men had been chasing strike-break- ers. Half of the gang had drove a man down one street and the other halfwere waiting for him to turn the corner, to get him. My Rachel come first- She had on a old cap of Harry's and a big coat and they shot her afore theycould tell she were a woman."The miners brought her home. One of them were a beau of Rachel's.He says to me, he says, ' Mother Simikoff, I'd a sooner shot myself than Ra- chel. But we'll bury her. You don't need to worry about that. '"Danny Killoren were by. He says then, ' No, I'll bury her. It is myright. '" The miner says to me, he says, ' It's for you to say. You're her mo- ther. Which shall it be ? '" And I says to them, I says, ' The pits killed her. Leave the pitsbury her. '" And they did. She had a white plush coffin with silver handles and ablanket of flowers, though the snow lay thick on the ground. I've seen everygirl's burying in town since, but none would compare with my Rachel's. "The young mother, buttoning petticoat straps over her son's shoulders,looked uneasily at her visitor. She didn't know what she ought to say. Shedidn't really know in what spirit Simikoff made her revelations. The womandid not seem to ask for pity. She made her offerings as pure conversation —desolate though her tale was and pierced with tragedy as the hills about werepierced with shafts. A wind rose in the bare trees outside and moaned. Theyoung mother shivered as she took up a dainty hand-embroidered slip." Katy Giannini were telling me about his christening robe, " said Sim- ikoff suddenly. " She said you'd got it from a convent miles away from here.Did you ? My Paul had a christening robe sent to him from away. From Eng- land his come. I were born in England. I come to this country to take ser- vice. Then I married Michael. You never saw my Michael. No. It's justas well. Sometimes when I'd look at him myself, all doddering and foolishlike the pits had left him, I couldn't believe he were the fine, big-muscled lad whocarried me away with him to Collierton — where the pits would give him double ofwhat he could earn above ground. He died the same year as my Paul and ablessing it were. If you'd trust the baby to me, you could get out his chris- tening robe maybe. "Simikoff's eyes brightened ever so little as the mother reluctantly — andashamed of her reluctance — laid the babe in the older woman's lap. When shebrought forth the exquisite tiny dress, Simikoff looked hungrily at its sheer,soft material, at the trimmings of delicate Valenciennes, at the almost invis- ible stitches of the embroidery; but not one coarse, twisted finger did she layon its beauty." Fine, very fine ," she said. "My Paul's had more lace and it were lon- ger, like they made'em them days. " The mother put the robe away and rather stiatched her baby, who wasfretting. A moment later she was $hamed for that." The feel of them ! " said Simikoff. " The feel of them ! My Paul neverlived with me after Rachel went. He were nine year old then. I says to DannyKilloren after the burying, ' If you're living in the city all the time now, mayhapyou'll be lonely. In that case Paul could bide with you. ' Danny were alwaysfond of the boy, him having eyes like Rachel's, though his hair were dark." He says to me, he says, ' Why, Mother Simikoff, could you do withouthim ? '" I says to him, I says, ' Ay, I can and will. The pits have got the best ofMichael and all of Harry and Rachel. They shall not get my Paul, too. Takehim away, Danny. '" And he did. The boy went to school and everything in the city. Everyweek or so in decent weather he'd come back on Danny's wagon — but not toooften, I asked it. And then I could grin at Michael when he grinned at me,because my Paul were safe over the river." One day when he come over with Danny he asked to be let go up to Skrain- ka's fine house beyond the town with goods, which Danny were hauling. Some- how I did not feel easy, but I couldn't think why he shouldn't see a rich man'shouse and I let him. Old Mr. Skrainka were alive then and he took a fancy tomy Paul. He'd send him things by Danny and ask why the boy were neveralong. So Paul would beg to go every time he come to town." One day — it were springtime — Paul went for the last time to see oldMr. Skrainka. Somehow I didn't want him to go at all that day, but he went.And, after he left I had that same kinda chill like I had over Rachel. I remem- ber I run through the streets after Danny's wagon. He had not got his truck •by then. But I couldn't catch him. And I come back all shaking and shiver- ing and there were Michael grinning. I remember I shook a chair at him andscared him. He never grinned more." I were thinking what a time the two had been gone, when the whistleblew. Number Fourteen whistle — like a screech. And I never stopped foranything. I started right down the road, running, till I found Danny Kil- loren and his wagon. He were just starting back to old Mr. Skrainka's afterthe boy." I says to him, I says, 'No need for that. Drive to the mines. The pitshave got my Paul anyhow. '&gt; " And they had. Without me knowing it, Paul had teased old Mr. Skrain- ka to take him into a mine just to see. And the cable broke and the machineryfor the hoist all went wrong just as they were almost out of the place ; and oldMr. Skrainka and my Paul fell all the way to the bottom of the shaft. " Michael died the next day, which were a blessing. The doctor said he'dhad a shock to his heart. Mayhap I scared him with the chair." And Danny Killoren says to me after the funerals, he says, ' MotherSimikoff, come away. I'll take care of you. '" I says to him, I says, ' There '11 be no need. The pits will care for what'sleft of me and bury me when I'm through. ' Why shouldn't they ? They'verobbed me of everything. They've buried all my own ones. They can buryme, too. And they can ! "" Listen ! Ain't that the St. Ignace bell ! That will be Mrs. Janowitzdead. I were over to look at her last evening after the Maruka burying. I to her daughter Rosie, I says, ' She's about through. I hope you'll have betterweather for the funeral. '" I'll be going now. "As Simikoff rose, the young mother said something about a new positionher husband was taking in Chicago. They'd move as soon as the baby was oldenough." I knew it, " said Simikoff. " When I first saw you, I says to Annie Muel- ler, I says, ' She ain't for Collierton. She has not the mark of the pits. Well,good-bye. "The wind in the bare treetops was moaning loud as she opened the door.Down the gray, raw street she flitted on her way to the J anowitz house, Collier- ton's Lady of Sorrows. Ardengo Soffici. Still life. CHATEAU DE SOUPIR: 1917 Malcolm Cowley. Jean tells me that the SenatorCame here to see his mistresses.As master and proprietor,The servants ushered him, Jean says,Past bogus Flemish tapestries,Velvets and mahoganies,To where the odalisque was set,The temporary queen — Odette.An eighteenth century chateau,Rebuilt to suit the modern taste,Painted and gilt fortissimo —The Germans, grown satirical,Constructed a machine gun nestUnderneath the banquet hall.The trenches run diagonallyAcross the gardens and the lawns ;And jagged wire from tree to tree ;The lake is desolate of swans —In tortured immobility,The deities of stone and bronzeAwait a new catastrophe.Phantasmagorical at nights,Yellow and white and amethyst, Burn the star shells and Verey lights,And the great rivers of the mistFlood all the landscape, till we feelIyike drowned men, ghastly and unreal.Then come the younger ghosts — Odette,In skirt ballooning at the hips,Tosses a hasty kiss and slipsAway to taunt the Senator,Who, strong with marc and anisette,Pursues her like a matador.The fleeing feminine takes coverBehind a Hellenistic Venus,Coquettishly hiding from her lover ;While he, beard waggling in the wind,Appears the overdressed Silenus.The mist hangs lower gradually.An enemy machine gun mocksThis ante-bellum delicacy,And wThen the firing is at rest,A bronze Priapus grieves, his chestA perforated pepper box. SOMETHING TELLS. David Rosenthal. There is something tells a treeTo wave a green sombrero,Plumed with swallows,And ride a pony-hill to the sun.There is something tells a butterflyTo leave the nunnery of a cocoon,And go gipsying in colored dressesWhen April stirs a fiddle in a willow tree.There is something tells the feet of goatsTo rattle every hill-top like a drum,And kick the silver flagonsFrom the shoulders of the grass. THE JACK* OF DIAMONDS. From the French version ofEue Ehrenbourg. Charlie Chaplin. Fernand Leger. Charlie Chaplin. Fern and Leger. Assuredly, the real culprit in this affair is the fortune-teller, Kvatchka. Inthe morning she is nobody. Like everyone else she files papers for the committeeof Moskwato1, records the departures in a florid handwriting and argues withComrade Gousine, the one who distributes the rations and who gives a pound ofsausage to Kvatchka for the October holidays, without doubt of dog-meat.I shall denounce all of them to the Soviets, I will say that Gousine has con- cealed in his trousers-pocket, three caramels and that he has given a ticket foithe Kamerni Theatre to Maroussia, the Messenger (although it was not herturn), so that he could obtain a rendezvous with her in the corridor. I will telleverything. In a word, up to four o'clock Kvatchka is an honest citizen. Noone could suspect her of anything, but towards evening, in her room, she beginsher wayward life. That is to say, inspite of the formal prohibition of the Dom- kom2, Kvatchka tells fortunes in exchange for food, and in doing this, shescreams, she groans, she quakes. Even an important inspector has gone to herhouse bringing a sugar-loaf and Kvatchka has retailed rubbish of this character :" You are drunk with kerosene. Your tripe will take fire ; you will become thinand sticky like an American ; you will swell up in passing a decree and then youwill meauw and altogether fade away. "He did not like this; he even threatened to exterminate every superstitionin the world. But Kvatchka has no fear; has she not disinterested friends■reverywhere ? (She tells fortunes from five to eight and afterwards offers otherkinds of consolation). She used to tell the future in coffee grounds, but every- body knows that the coffee of the Soviets is nothing more than burned carrots,the grounds of which are so coarse and clumsy that one cannot count upon anyrevelations, not even trivial allusions. While the card deck, old, with the Jokerleft in, will tell everything ; for example, when the rations are to be distributedfor the month of February at the Galeskom3 and how ought to entice that fellow Piline to the Pope, because he is cunning and grumbles, " Re- ligion is nothing more than opium and should be masticated without losing timein apportioning it. " It will indicate from whence the Messiah is to come, andnot in a vague manner, but with precision; for he is the true Tzar who freezesin the forests behind the Ob, and feeds himself on wild black-berries.Unfortunately, Douniacha went to Kvatchka last Thursday, Douniacha ofthe big lips, who is officially invalided from the working front, but still kneads thedough in the kitchen of Brinsoff, cleans the pots of the children of Brinsoff andirons the skirts of his wife. Work has become heavier. Formerly, she had thehelp of the cook Fiokla and the chambermaid, Mathilda. But now Douniachais maid of all work. It is simple enough : in the old days, Brinsoff dabbledabout with war supplies, and, honestly and without hurrying himself, increasedhis stock in the mines and sugar refineries (how nice it was !) and now stildabbles, but prudently, within his committee. Besides he buys the paper moneyof the Romanoffs from the provident petty bourgeoisie, for they no longer con- cern themselves with accumulating wealth but devote all their efforts to theprocuring of bread.Yet, as one can see, Brinsoff does not live so badly, for Douniacha puts inthe oven not only bread, but " brioches " — and what a lot of butter it takesto prepare them — real patties stuffed in six different ways and choice cabbagesof all colours. Also it would not be unjust for Douniacha to complain, after allthe patties are cooked and the skirts ironed, if enough wit were not left in her headfor serious thinking. And why then is it necessary for this poor head, with itsgrey and sparse hair for which a half-spoon full of flax oil is necessary, why isit obliged to think so much, as if she were not just simple Douniacha, but awoman learned in religious writings ? .Her first thought is of her son, Vassia, Vassienka, Vassielok. Oh the darklittle room under the stairs in the house of her old master, Siliverstoff, at Jaki- monka, and the valet Grichka with his chevrons, and better still his chiselledteeth ! How could she, such a little girl, resist him ? There were marmaladesand extraordinary vows. He had even promised to have her portrait taken. Asshe had no fear, Douniacha had not gone to find the woman Chaboloff, who ar- ranges such affairs with a nail or so, and she had not sent her son to the orphanasylum, but had placed him at Tchelitsi near Serpoukoff and paid two roublesa month for his keep. Vassia was nine years old when Douniacha took him tothe barber, Mr. Ferdinand, her compatriot, certainly not for Vassia to shave thecustomers, but to sweep up the hairs, and on Saturday, during the rush hour,to lather the cheeks of those waiting until the boss was free to scrape their chins.One does not know who bewitched him : most curious ideas began to trot aboutin his head. He did not lather the customers very long and three months af- terwards, in the spring time, made off, without whispering a word to Mr. Ferdi- nand or to his mother. Douniacha howled so loudly that she lost her place fourtimes. She went to the fair at Divitchi and to the pilgrimage of Saint Serge,but she didn't find him. She became calm, but not resigned. Where could hebe ? Even if she met him she would no longer recognize him. He has a mark ofidentification but it is hidden, under his left breast, a red spot like the diamondon a playing card. Douniacha even asked Triphone, the janitor, "If you seein the bath someone who has under his breast a diamond, seize him, he is mine. "But why should Triphone bother to search, it was not his flesh and blood, thisVassia ? Is he alive, this Vassia ? Perhaps when she burns a candle for hishealth, she only tortures his soul in heaven ? Father Aphanassi has taught herthat there was no need of worrying but that she should pray for his health andfor the victory of the Christian army, because at his age, Vassia must be a soldier.And now perhaps the devil has stolen the innocent one. For look, the son ofthe grocer Perloff, a saint, a true worker, has he not become an importantbolshevik ? With their cursed claws they rake in souls.Now this is the second thought of Douniacha. It is not any easier. Shethinks of the awful mess and of all the trials of the church of true believers. Evenunder the soul they have dug a trench, the plotters ! Douniacha has seenat Zatsepa, in front of the market, the picture of the chief tyrant with his pince- nez on a string; he smiles in his little beard, and how many Russians has not thisHerod exterminated ? Is it possible that the bread cards themselves carry theinsigna of anti-Christ ? The infernal writing burns one's fingers, and still one hasto carry it into the shops and on one's bosom near the heart in order that no onecan steal this treasure. Father Aphanassi told not only this. The devils evendared to touch the relics of Saint Frol, but God did not permit it; He veiled theireyes with an eclipse, and the monks and good Christians saw the indestructibleflesh with a golden ear of corn sprouting from its entrails, while the red " grass- hoppers " 1 saw only an appalling apparition with raging fire inside. Douniachaknows all; how Saint Nicholas under the gates of the Kremlin rent the ignobleveil, and how the Dove of the Holy Ghost of the convent of Tchoudoff flew intoa filthy barracks and upset with its little wings an idol of stone with moustachesbefore which all those inscribed must prostrate themselves when denying theSaviour. They wished also to inscribe Douniacha, but she lay down in the coalbin under the .servant stairs, and remained there all the night without daring tosneeze, but praying inaudibly to the Father. A few days ago, a new misfortune.A bolshevik, a miscreant, who was walking under the stairs, casually requisitionedthe drawing room of Brinsoff and immediately moved out all the furniture, bringing in with him a half-pound of paper and the dirty mugs of Satan's wholearmy. He begged Douniacha in a very sweet voice to give him a little hammer,and immediately began to nail their faces to the wall, and as he could not standthe sight of the ikon, he told her to take it away, for in front of the pure facesof Saint Cosina and of Saint Demian the devil's seed suffocated. What womancould have had vile enough bowels to bring forth such a blonde toad ? Helooked at Douniacha with his yellow eyes, until her feet trembled, and tried inwhispers to send her to perdition : " Friend, a little hot water ? " Douniachaknew that he was a messenger from hell, the last tempter. She prepared herselffor the supreme torture.It was after all this that she went to question Kvatchka about her futureAnd with her, she took her ration of a quarter of a pound of powdered sugar.Kvatchka evidently understood what was wrong at once: that is to say, shescreamed at the cat, the actual likeness of the Blonde One even to his yelloweyes: " Get out of here, hussy, leave this holy place. Look at his fat paunch ;he has stolen a cup of milk ; he has lapped up a thousand roubles withoutsneezing ." Afterward, spitting on her fingers, she made a fan of cards andwithout looking at them, picked up one and commenced to tap her foot, markingtime; and, with the voice of a ventriloquist, breathed into the ear of Douniacha:" Your fate is the Jack of Diamonds ; get ready for the final test. "knows that the Jack of Diamonds is a peaceful card and fore- tells happy thoughts. Kvatchka is intelligent and cunning. It is not in vainthat she has used her fingers at cards until they are callous. She does not lookat the surface of the cards, but at their insides. Nothing is concealed fromher. But she did not wish to give explanations to Douniacha, only scolding herwhen she left, because the sugar was yellow and damp. Douniacha wonderedall the way home how to interpret the difficult card. Diamonds have a lightcolour, the colour of God, not like spades. Vassia has a diamond over his heart.May the Sainted Virgin guard him ! And the valet looked like this scoundrelof a lodger. From whence must she expect her fate ? From her little pigeon,or from this man with black claws ?Passing by Volkhonka, the eyes of Douniacha noticed a new defilement.From a wall, a naked man looked down, of violent blue, with red spots, as ifcrabs had seized him with their pincers in the depths of hell. From his navel,peered a third eye, huge and red. Probably a sinner, a head printer. Aroundthe picture there was a crowd. Douniacha drew near. " What's happened here ? "An old man with glasses (Douniacha knows him well; he used to own a littleshop) read gravely : " Exhibition of the Jack of Diamond " 1, and kindly added : "He is their patron. " When Douniacha heard that, she did not fall to theground ; she did not even cry out, but she prayed in her soul that her fate wouldarrive more quickly, and not make her languish in uncertainty, because she knewvery well that what must come will come.And in truth, the next morning, all began. The Blonde One called, as ifit were not on purpose, and begged her to take his cards of the Domkom committeebecause he hadn't the time ; he had all kinds of appointments. " Comrade,sign for me at the office. " Douniacha understood what that would mean. " Isir, I mean, comrade? I am not accustomed to this. " " What ?" "Justthat; I have kept my soul pure." "In that case, comrade, you will have to goto the lyikbies."l "You can put your spikes under my finger-nails if it isyour will, but you cannot force me to kneel down before the devil. I will not doit. " The Blonde One laughed uproariously; he was very gay. He explainedthat it was not the devil's house ; but a school. Such was the edict of theLikbies. "Science is light; that's all. " He also had been an illiterate; hadrun away from his home, had begun to read books and it was by his own witthat he had arrived at all. " Here is the address of the school, not far away fromthe ramparts of the cows, in the old tea house of lontarioff. " (The poor manis dead ;he did not live to see such an insult.) He gave her the address, threat- ening a little : "If you do not go yourself, a soldier, armed with a gun, willtake you there. "Douniacha went in haste to search for Brinsova. " Madam, my dear lady,save me from my bolshevik. " She told her everything. Brinsoya herselfwas scared to death. " Don't call me madam, but comrade ; what do we know,everything is possible ; they can lock us up in a moment; I cannot help you.Fool, I lost in a strong box a brooch of eighteen carats. What do you want;it is not a prison to which they are taking you; but to a school. There is nothingto do. Go. L,earn, or don't learn. Stay quietly in your corner and thinkwhat you like."Douniacha went there. You can't hide yourself from your destiny. Shefinds some old mossy women, sitting down ; one of whom has a tooth protruding,another a tuft of hair curling from her ear ; some peaceful old men, very musty,and above, on a platform, a sordid picture. Beside it, a hussy, with her haircut. Impudent in a soldier jacket. And then a most disgusting thing occurs.The hussy waves her hand as if it were a sceptre and all the old people dronedthrough their noses : " B-A-BA. " One must render homage to the idol. Dou- niacha seated, trembling, in her own flesh, is descended into hell. Then the wo- man questioned her : " You are a new one ? Repeat: B-A-BA. " Douniachajumped up and shrieked frightfully : " You can't make me take the oath. Iwill accept death, but I will not utter obscenities.'"' Douniacha loved clean- liness to extreme. She considered it a mortal sin to leave footmarks in a room.Very kind to animals, nevertheless, she wished to drown the cat Mourza whenhe made a spot in the salon on the Persian carpet. But she could not stand this.She spat right in the middle of the school. " I deny your kingdom ; I knownow who leads you. It is our lodger. You can torture me, but even into hisrotten moustaches, I will spit three times." Crying which, she went out.She did not go back home, for the Blonde One is there who doubtless knowseverything, and will take the seal and mark her brow, and behold, her soul willbe lost to eternity.She had no weapons except her little scapulary and she did not know thewords. Then she remembered her old friend, a very wise adviser, Ivan Kous- mitch. Though he was far away, she ran there without a stop. Ivan Kousmitchwas, in the old days, an embroiderer in gold. He made epaulettes and grewtender over his metal stars. " The wisdom of heaven, the beacon of the magi,I will cause by my intelligence to fall on those shoulders worthy of it. " Andlater, when the uprisings commenced, when the little stars of gold fell from theepaulettes of the generals, he shed a few tears but did not complain. He turnedto the everlasting stars and concentrated on the Apocalypse. Nobody couldexpound it better than he ; the uncovered pit, the woman clothed with the sunand the horses of different sorts. In the morning he bought from the workers'ofthe,Guibartovski factories, stolen yeast and sold it again at the market; in theevening he expounded the Apocalypse and gave advice. He was much amusedat Douniacha's story. " Last Wednesday, I already had a foreboding. Itis true that it was not a blonde, but a brunette like coal. It was your murderer.I know a great deal and I will reveal it to you. You, you are Judith, accordingto the divine words. You will destroy Holofernes, who wallows in debaucheryand filth. You will save the empire of Russia. You will protect the HolyChurch. Prepare yourself for a mission, I see a halo around your hair." Dou- niacha bent to the ground. "I am unworthy of that, Ivan Kousemitch. Idrank a little milk on the Eve of the Assumption, and other wicked deeds hangheavy upon me. " But no, Ivan Kousemitch knows it is not in vain that he speaksthese words ; on Douniacha has fallen the greatest honor, to conquer the enemiesof the human race ;to suffer for the evil of the world. The lodger, the BlondeOne, the Jack of Diamonds, is no other than the devil. It is not with her nakedhands that she must go against him. Ivan Kousemitch owns different weapons,little crosses, scapularies, forbidden prayers, potent invocations. The devil isnot so strong, he also has weaknesses, but one must know them. The easiest way is to seize him when he is still very little, when his horns are only beginning tocome out, sicknesses possess him, pimples and weaknesses of the flesh./ Also ifone seizes the devil, although fully grown, on the night of " Pantelemon-le-Cuerisseur, " and if one whips him with a blessed branch, he will go under cry- ing ; without losing time it is then necessary to pickle him in cucumber brine andhold him there until the decomposition is complete. But against the Jack ofthe moustaches, Ivan Kousemitch will give her a weapon, trustworthy and quickacting ; a little jar of Holy Water from the Sainte Montagne. Douniacha shouldapproach him in the night, creeping towards the sleeper, uncover his nakednessand sprinkle him with holy water, murmuring at the same time, "In the Jor- dan, the bath of the world, for Satan and his disciples, mortal death. Amen. •"The devil will tremble ; his little tail will fall oft'. From his entrails will burstforth growlings of a dog, and soon he will dry up, shrivelled like a hedge-hog.Douniacha went home, stern but inspired, bearing the little jar. She be- lieved in Ivan Kousemitch, only doubting one thing. She felt unworthy, stainedby her sins ; she will lack the purity necessary to overcome the evil. A sinner,believing little, she will perish without attaining her object. At Brinsova'sshe asked absolution, humbly, kissed the hands of her mistress and then put ona clean shirt to present herself fittingly and prayed to the Virgin with fervor.The Blonde One came home late. In ignorance of the plans of his opponents,he sat in several committees and figured out how many schools they would openin 1930, for the miners of the Government of Perme. All men would be consciousand efficient, like American machines, as if they were more than a heap of pu- trified bones and miserable flesh. ''They have not the time to live, alreadythey are tainted with age/' Everything is regulated ; here the prison, there thespree ; one has not even time to hiccough between the acts. He counted :" Schools, 318; scholars, 16,000. Schools, 94; scholars, 7,000. Plus four supple- mentary schools. " Having finished his figuring, not excepting the Bachkirs-and the Mordvas, he drank a glass of tea, made from leaves gathered by thepost boy; in place of sugar he sucked a little spoon which tasted of white metaland herring, and afterwards dragged himself home with a heavy portfolio contain- ing diagrams, plans and notes weighing at least ten pounds.With her eyes glued to the key-hole, Douniacha hardly breathed. Shewaited for the Blonde One to go to sleep. Before closing his eyes, it occurredto him to read a paper, and when he had finished, he said aloud : " Ha, ha, inArgentina, already a strike. The world conflagration begins. " He smiled,carefully took off his patched trousers, placed them on a chair and plunged be- neath the covers. Soon Douniacha heard a light snoring like a child in hiscradle. How innocent the devil can seem!She made the sign of the cross, softly opened the door, without creaking, drew down the sheet and began to sprinkle and to mumble. The Blonde Onejumped and began to howl terribly, just as Ivan Kousemitch had foreseen. With- out being able to open his eyes, he waved his hands and cried. Full of faithin her coming victory, Douniacha drew near him, but a final trial awaited her.A horrible sword was suspended over her poor heart : his shirt had opened andDouniacha saw the diamond birthmark which she had borne, the mark of herblood. " Vasska, son, Jack, valet, Antichrist " — and with an inhuman cry,she ran down the stairway of cold stones, through the empty court, down thestreet, God knows where, fleeing her curse, into the forest, into the snow, intothe fire, down to the furnace of hell.What flames devoured her entrails. And the other, the other with his chev- rons, with the portrait and the marmalade. Was he also then a devil ? Shehad absorbed the seed of the Devil, she had borne him within her, with her Chris- tian blood ; she had nourished him for the destruction of mankind ; there is nomore hope for her. The charitable Virgin herself averts her tearful eyes, con- ceals behind the clouds her little wounded hands, for she cannot hold them outto the Devil's mistress, to the nurse of Satan.Far away, beyond the gates of the town, near the Tartar cemetery, shefell down on a pile of snow and began to swallow it, to quench the terrible fire,but the snow burned her mouth and tongues of fire, flaming worms writhed inher belly, mounted her throat, twisting her driedup breasts, and always shesank deeper and deeper into the snow. Only her feet, in brown shapeless boots,still stuck out, two withered stumps. * Valet.1 Heating Committee.2 Housing Committee.3 Iron Committee. 1 Bolsheviks. 1 Exhibition of the Russian Cubist painters. 1 i. e., face of the devil, an abbreviation in the Bolshevik terminology for the Com- mission for the liquidation of illiterates. GIOVANNI PAPINI. From the Italian ofGiuseppe Prezzolini. C. Carrà - A. Soffici. Caricature of Papini. The time is always opportune for writing something about Papini; themore you endeavor to define and characterize him, the more he seems to evadeyou and create a new Papini who forces a revised judgment. But this changeable- ness is a permanent characteristic of the writer, and it soon occurs to one thatPapini, at bottom, always remains the same. The contrary is the general belief ;one speaks of his contradictions and of his alterations. One reproaches him forthem. They are superficialities. Many legends are current about his person- ality.It is a great temptation to wander into poetry and lyricism when under thesway of his vital spirit. We must be very careful to give due value to what theyouths write about him, though what they write is always exaggerated, as it isdifficult for them to remain serene on the subject of Papini. To do so, one musthave felt him, have undergone him, as one does an illness. Also, it is necessaryto guard against that which the old men write about him, for they are eitherbitterly opposed or completely subjugated by him. It is best to speak of himin simple words — to address, let us suppose, an American who knows nothingwhatever about him.This is what I should say to my American : I. In January, 1901, there appeared in Florence, unheralded by any barometer,a strange literary magazine, printed on hand-made paper, illustrated with ori- ginal woodcuts, and written entirely by youths unknown up to that time. Inthe contents each month, an editorial, and critical notes appeared, signed" Gian Falco, " pregnant with poetry and passion, irony and romanticism,color and sensitiveness, treating in the most independent spirit philosophic andmoral problems of all kinds, far from any preoccupation with actuality, and of- ten in direct and abrupt conflict with the current ideas then prevalent inItaly, such as " Positivism " and Christian and Tolstoyian Socialism. This periodical soon became greatly renowned, perhaps more renowned thanread, and was called " LeonardoThe founder and editor who gave it importance and character, revealingin its pages those strange attitudes and violent passions, this spirit of extrava- gance and insolence, was Giovanni Papini since known in Italy as a writer, readand admired by the young — the most hated and the most loved. II. In appearance, Papini reminds one of a certain kind of pear, ugly to lookat, yet sweet to eat. At first sight, unpleasant; his lineaments irregular, themouth too large, the jaw too prominent, the teeth protruding. The nose istoo flat and his complexion pasty, like the earth. His walk is that of a comicalskeleton, distorted and disproportioned, for his body is too long.But look at him closely : you will see that his appearance as a whole acquiresanother aspect when viewed in relation to his personality, You can only thinkof the sea when you meet his grey-green eyes, of the mountains when you regardhis forehead, high and spacious, of the forests agitated by the wind of April,when his curly hair blows in free disorder. Here is a man different from the rest,you will say, for where another man would appear ugly, you feel that Papini isonly strange and exceptional. He is a marked man, and this may mean goodor evil, but betokens always a personal fatality. The large veins which crosshis forehead and descend down to his nose, the extreme myopia which gives hima look of vagueness and ingenuity, of indefinite direction, as if he were far awayand occupied with lofty thoughts ; the cheekbones protruding like those of aMongolian, a little cruelly, reveal the irregular features of a man possessed by asoul far from the commonplace. Is he demon or angel ? III. When you hear him speak for the first time, you will probably have the im- pression that you are conferring with a demon. If he is an angel, he is the angelof darkness and of negation, of wounded pride and of corrosion. It is his customto receive you rudely, with very embarassing questions, either half derisive ordirectly insolent. If a third person be present, by chance, in the role of audience,he will in all probability let fall from his lips a flow of paradoxes, assailing yourdearest convictions, or shower you with sarcastic remarks where your defenseis weakest : at your secret absurdities and predilections. Once he was introduced to a certain man who had tried in vain to commitsuicide a few months previously. As soon as he heard the name, Papini remem- bered the story and said : " Look, the only good thing he might have done in hislife, he failed to accomplish "Of this type of anecdote, one could relate dozens. The embarassing ques- tion, the insolent observation, the piquant retort, have been for a long time aspecialty of Papini.A university professor, who had often been snubbed by him, took the oppor- tunity one day, at the memorial celebration of Carducci, to approach him.Said he, lachrymosely and with Jesuitical glances : " Let us make peace, dearPapini. " Quickly the other answered : "An armistice, an armistice only, Pro- fessor. "The many witticisms, the epithets hurled by him at writers of his and othertimes, the scoffing and the irony which have filled his magazines and books,are not the corrosive acid of an intelligence consciously setting out to do harmto others, but the natural expression of a fresh mind which conceives with greatrapidity and in lightning flashes, — with that scintillation which is possessed byromantics such as Schlegel, an accompanying characteristic of the true genius.If he has been able more often to see the ridiculous side and to point out thedefects, rather than the good qualities of the people about him, shall we attributeit to the fact that these phases are the more obvious ? Or, is it an inclination ofhis spirit which has suffered overmuch, which has not been loved enough, whichhas become sour, desiring above all to appear locked, closed, diffident, deaf, willingrather to lose the possibility of finding a beautiful soul, than to let itself bedefrauded one having in reality, only its semblance ? It seems to me evidentthat the latter is the case. His life as narrated by himself is not a happy one.And perhaps he has not disclosed the very depths of his bitterness.Physically unfortunate, he lacked in his early years that understandingof a sensitive nature so essential for producing the unconscious happiness enjoyedby children. We dare say, he has had no boyhood —orif he has, he has lived itout of that period. Spring found him as a tree that has blossomed too soonand consequently suffered from frost. One feels that some cord in him has beenbroken, that the regret which quivers in his words is due to some early injustice.Love and friendship have come to this soul too late, when it was irrevocablywounded. The scar remains always, and through a scar, sensitiveness is perhapsless able to penetrate than before. That coldness, that scepticism that one notesin Papini, grow from there — and from there grows his rudeness too. Hepassed the years of his youth immersed in mad study and black pessimism.It is rarely one recovers from an initial misanthropy such as that feltby him. IV. There are cries of tenderness, and a seeking for love growing from the samesentiment, in the first fantastic-romantic period of Papini's work. He is interestedin philosophical and moral problems, but these assume a purely literary expres- sion taking spontaenously the form of legends and myths. These remind oneof the methods of Baudelaire and Poe, the moral essays of Maeterlinck and thetravesties of Laforgue. The classic book of this period is the " Tragico Ouo- tidiano "; in the last editions, "II Pilota Cieco " has been added. In this veinalso is a third and inferior work, " Buffonate which represents the tired rem- nants of the inspiration of that type. These writings have a glitter of falseantique gold, artificial, yet seductive. The device is nearly always original, thegesture a happy one, but there is a rudeness in the style, and at the same time alittle of affectation when compared with his later writings, which are much morehuman and solid.One notes here two probable reasons for his change (not overlooking the prin- cipal one — that of his constant development, his continual unveiling of him- self and the perpetual effort of writers to fathom the depths of themselves) :on the one side, his life in the country and his marriage ; on the other, his carefulstudy of the classics. Bulciano and the collection of " Scrittori Nostri " (OurWriters) ; — already this " Our " was the beginning of a new phase of Papini's —coming as it did at a time when he had only been speaking of international lite- rature, Spanish and German ; Arabian and Chinese. It was for him a renewalof a life lived ; to find again, or find for the first time, human experiences, and toenlarge his vocabulary of people an authors, which up to that time was poor,abstract and often common.Blessed be the poverty which compelled him to live in Bulciano, and theneed which forced him to become an editor — and we need not look too closelyat the punctuation of his text. V. The conclusion of this movement was a book of confessions, the masterpieceof Papini, " FUomo finito " (The Finished Man). One need no longer refer toHamlet or the Devil, to invent characters, or feign extraordinary adventureswhen wishing to recount the torments of a life. One says, finally, — that tor- ment, that life, the rUomo Finito, is Papini himself — his own story, his life, his own intimate thoughts — from childhood to his final confessions. He hastried everything — and succeeded in nothing. He has sought always the impos- sible, the too great, the too high. As a child he dreamt of compiling the encyclo- pedia of encyclopedias ; so as man, he dreamt of becoming the revealer of a newreligion. But everything has failed him : family affection, the understandingof the spirits who surrounded him, help of friends, the ecstasy of real love. Herehe is, discontented, disheartened, broken. Another man, of mediocre mentalitywould be satisfied with his fame, with his success, with his " position " — butPapini aspired to a greater glory — that of a genius who spiritually over- turns the world.What he wished most to have written, was a " universal judgment, "and the entire book is a cry of dissatisfaction, a clamour toward the unattainable.It is his masterpiece because it is the most honest and sincere of his works. Hisother books are more often those of the Papini " who wishes to hide his secret.His secret is his weakness. Papini is not a strong man, and as he knows hisvulnerability, he isolates himself, entrenches himself behind a breast-plate.There he remains with the audacity of the timid — attacking, scoffing, engagingin polemics, denouncing. Not only does he say impertinences ; he writes andpublishes them. In this manner he has won his fame as an " enfant terrrible "of literature. If there is a scandal to instigate, he thinks of it at once ;he isready to speak of a rope in the house of the hanged ; to talk of anti-semitism atthe home of a Jew; and of divorce with a divorcee.He has acquired this reputation a little through his natural temperamentand a little through his desire of making it so — and of augmenting it. Ifthere be an unmentionable word, he speaks it at once. And in certain of hisshorter works, we find five or six of the worst substantives ever used by writers,from Dante to Carducci. There is in him a little of Bernard Shaw, but of aShaw less contented with himself and his impertinences ; above all, Papini ismore unsatisfied — and therefore changeable. And perhaps dissatisfied becauseof being obliged to be changeable. VI This reproach of being changeable is the most common and perhaps themost true of the many reproaches flung at him. Nothing could be more evident.With the exception of a few strong antipathies, such as the one for Croce whichhas always remained, one might say that every two or three years, Papini chan- ges his opinions. He has been positivist, idealist, pragmatist; has believed inphilosophy and then scoffed at it; has combatted, then embraced and finally abandoned futurism; was passionately in favor of the war — then soon tiredof it; has been anti-Christian and now apparently has become Christian. Inhis writings, one can find mockeries of all opinions — and reasoning in favorof all faiths.All this is quite true — but... And there is a " but". An analysis of themutability of Papini's temperament brings important results. First of all,it is disinterested ; secondly, it denotes an extreme prosensitiveness to whateverthe times demand, and finally, it reveals still another secret aspect of Papini'smind. His mutability is that of a lyric spirit ready to enthuse for that whichis not yet realized, and incapable of undertaking afterwards the more arduoustask of dominating the real obstacles. Papini's weakness is here also demons- trated. There is in him an intense desire for truth and faith, of living in contactwith that reality which he missed when young ; of feeling himself convinced ;and all this is in direct opposition to what he so often appears to be, a cynic,a mocker, a sceptic. He is sceptical, but suffers from being so ; a cynic, but hiscynicism hides a sorrow ; he is a mocker, but how he would love to be mockedproviding he had a faith.His revolt against the ideals he once loved is not the expression of the mal- content toward those faiths that have not held him enough, have not totallyinflamed him. His movements toward ideas, groups, literary fashions, problemsof the day, are quick at first — and reach their goal in- one jump. It is hisreadiness to accept a new subject, a new ideal, that reveals the genial aspectin him. But the conquests of Papini, if they are quicker than those of others,are also less durable. He is as a child who sees far above him a little rose cloud,climbs the mountain quickly to touch it — and finds upon nearing it, that ithas become grey. The realized reality does not satisfy him, and he becomesbitter, critical, ironical and aggressive. This has been the fate of the ideasand movements of which he has hoped the most : idealism, futurism, his war- enthusiasm. VII. As often happens, Papini is known more for his " ideas " — that is, thoseideas he caught here and there and soon abandoned, than for having given tothese ideas, life, character, importance, relations, logic (sometimes elementary),which they had not in themselves . He has been, and this is not the first example,more admired for his unworthy and passing actions than for his better and pro- found ; for his clamorous discordant manifestations rather than for his penetra- ting and silent ones. On the whole, his fame was chiefly won during the periodof futurism and " Lacerba ". However, he has derived the greatest benefit from one characteristic of hismentality, notable especially in his articles : an extraordinary capacity for grasp- ing in all problems the three or four chief points of importance and developingthem with the greatest simplicity and often, ingenuity, using phrases of suchan imaginative quality as to completely capture the reader. The power of rhe- toric that some men possess over the masses is also in the hands of this man.His ingenuity has rendered it possible for him to approach the mentality of thehumblest and to find readers among the lowest classes.And in the meanwhile, so few have noted the great progress made by Pa- pini in his writing. Generally, one asks for the " Papini " — without distinc- tion or hierarchy ; one also judges him without discerning the deep from thesuperficial, or even his progress through and beyond his varied methods. Hiscareer, if one may so express oneself, is a succession of leaps, followed by long- periods of lassitude and stagnation, during which the forces for a new jump seemto mature. Arrived at the summit again, he seems, after a little while, to losehis footing and fall back once more. At the very beginning of each of theseperiods, his productions are the best.Meanwhile, he is making constant progress in his instrument: the language.This is mainly notable since his seclusion in Bulciano and his study of the clas- sics. He has even temporarily adopted rhythm and rhymes to show how easyit was for the Tuscans to compose in a given traditional line. Of course, Ido notbelieve that in this lies proof of his genius ; rather, he has measured with them theextreme elasticity of his natural talent.Papini is primarily an artist — but one of a special character : he is an ar- tist of " ideas His world of colours and forms (the external world) haspresented itself to him a little late perhaps, and with a few exceptions, the restof his work is that of talent, literary science, and we might say, is more academicthan lyrical. His is a moral lyricism, the lyricism of one who is always preoc- cupied with logical and ethical problems. Without enclosing them in theirproper philosophical forms, he presents them, following the method of certainforeigners, in their sentimental and aesthetic aspects.This may again recall to us Papini's mutability and dilettantism, but caneasily be explained. For him, it is not the ideas which sustain his spirit. Theseare only considered lyrical occasions. This also explains his minute erudition,which has never satisfied the men of learning, but which has served to give tomany of his writings an appearance multicolored and interesting ; comparable tothe appearance of the drawing-room of a gentleman of good taste, in which aregathered together — masks of savages, impressionist paintings; Etruscan vasesand Greek robes; tables of the sth century and Chinese drawings. No student-wishing to construct a history of art or of the human spirit would be content with such a miscellany, but, at the same time, the drawing room looks verywell, and assuredly, at first sight, has the power to attract and distract one'sattention.&gt; VIII The personality of Papini is so rich that it can best be compared to a gor- geous branch in blossom, whose buds one can pick without injury to the ap- pearance of the whole. We now find no more detractors of Papini; but batta- lions of people more dangerous — his admirers. We call them dangerous,but they are only temporarily so, for no critic, favorable or unfavorable, can sti- fle the flow of a poet's life. A poet who has natural inspiration and perseverance,though men swear his incapacity, forges ahead, always ahead.Papini is the strongest and most original prose writer of our generation, inaddition to being the representative of all the good and the bad that is ours, —the torments, the changeableness, the uncertainty, the aspirations. His tormenthas passed into others — awakening their spirits without being able to. give themrest. He has been a man tormented who torments, an impregnator of doubtsand questions which he leaves unanswered. The answers will be sought forby the young of his period and by those who follow.Papini will remain as a type. In his extravagances and insolences, in hisgestures whose sincerity we sometimes doubt, in his angers and disagreements,and in his more equivocal sympathies — he still radiates about him somethingsympathetic ; which explains why anger has been pacified and wounds have beenhealed, and why Papini is now considered to be above the melange and more orless accepted by the crowd.His name' will be known as the name of a good writer. It will be easy forthe future generations to recognize in him one of the purest followers of Carducci,one of the rungs of that chain which tomorrow shall stretch between the writersof the past and the writers of the future. His periods of indignation and hisrevolutionary proposals will be forgotten by all. His place will be among thepowerful literary figures ; among those from whom Italian culture has fed itsbrain. It will happen to him as it has to certain painters, called " exception "painters, whom to-day we admit in the perfect line of tradition.His geniality, his inspired poetic sense in carrying on an argument, describ- ing a scene or drawing a character (the latter rarely), will always be charac- teristic of him. Above all, he is a writer of movement. In his manner of open- ing a paragraph and of closing it, after elaborating his thought; in his personalparticipation in the dramas of life or of social problems, there is always evident that clear energy which one misses in the style of Pascoli and d'Annunzio, andwhich is the characteristic of our best Italian tradition. In this lies his power,his distinctive personality.And in the depths of Papini's soul, there are still unexplored and unsatis- fied regions of tenderness — his need of love — to which all have turned a deafear — and for which no one of us has done enough. CLOISONNE. Grace Hazard Conkling. On the sands, on the witidy beachesYou ran with me through bareness and salt glitterAnd saw far out the flashing of coral barriersAnd the wind-heaped ocean all peacocks and swans. . .And you remember a bay of northern forestBrimmed with mist of autumn mornings :The nearest hemlock was the leaning wraith of a brig . . .Others followed ghostlike along a trail of sun . . .Masts of veiled ships drawing delicately shorewardTo drop anchor in a field of goldenrod. . .You have not forgotten the wind of those mornings ....You have not forgotten the streaming running throbbing foaming windYou have not forgotten the mist blown away like a thistle feather . . ,I say you have not forgottenWhat you have never known !Iran alone on the beaches,Alone I watched the dark sails of the treesFill with wind :How shall I give you these moments ?Yet I may shape them for your hands . . .If you will take home the bowl I have just finishedCool with enamel of hyacinth and sea-green jadeI can the sooner set about making you anotherOut of ebony and honey-colored shells. I. " I won't tell you thename of this one ! " Softly, softly,Gently, gently,Over the tree-tops to the sky,Back again to the hills,Footsteps lost, footsteps unseen,Always vanishing . . .Softly, softly,Gently, gently,Don't you make a noise now !This wonder-creature comesBut once a year ...Comes on tiptoebooking under leaves . . .Softly, softly,Gently, gently . . .(Was it the wind ?) II. PIGEONS JUST AWAKE. Hilda Conkling. As the sun rose,Everything was bathed in gold ;Trees were still and solemn, Pigeons waded the dew.Their feet were the color of new June strawberries.I thought what it must be to fly,To whirl up into the light,To know the curved flight of pigeonsAbove trees and lawns !If I could flyI should not have to leave my mother for long,Nor my dark-eyed sister :Only a flutterng, a liftingUp round the elm tree and over,A cool curving and sliding down the lightInto wet grass. CANDY CIGAR AND STATIONARY Waldo Frank. There was a light shining within the lives of Lotte and Isidor Rabinowich I. She stood behind the counter of her store and watched her husband placeon the opposite shelf tin toys . . . engines clowns sailboat pennybank . . . thathad just come in. She had arranged the syrup bottles on the counter. Shesaw him. . . very little man. She knew behind his short sparse beard of blackand grey his chin which she had never seen and which was round like a child's:she knew under the skullcap a bland forehead . . . lodged there sweetness andtrust in her. An ineffectual man whom she had always mothered." Lotte, where do I put these ? "" Why, over there. " — Yes all this : " . . . with the other games, " — allthis. A child of a man, my Man, who has not gotten along. With a temperthat flares. Not often. Shallow flame trying to burn away in a momentall the commanding .. . the real .. . that is me. All this, all this yes. Butfather of my child.She smiled at him: her palms were upward over her hips, they glowed therestrong and rough under the frail pity of her pockmarked face. — Such a child.Father of him.He turned his eyes. . . he had felt her ... upon her. They glistened underher exultation like waters suntouched." What is it ? he smiled back, holding awkward a huge cardboard box.• " Come here. " tHe leaned over the counter. She kissed his lips. . . too thin. He shivereda little, smiling." There now, " she sobered him. " Better take in the pennies, Isidor, fromthe newsstand. You know, some of the boys, when they pass by from school — "She pondered. . . — They're not all honest, no.He obeyed her. " The first letter of the sign is off. "He poured her thepennies. " I saw Schmalzer, " she nodded.He took his place at her side behind the counter. Boys and girls will becoming from school. . . candy, pencil, soda, icecream sandwich .. . the firstwarm day with the sun of Spring beating into the crevice of the Block. Ina few minutes now, both of us are going to be busy.They stood silent, thinking : of one height they were : waiting.From the West came the Sun in shouting strokes, pried open the cold wallsof the Block. The Block grew warm, it opened its tremulous walls to receivethe Sun . . . Now a flood within its walls. Children pouring from school, bubbleand pelt and foam of children within the Block. They sparkled, they leaped*they clustered. They were a tide under the open walls, flood of the Sun's longstrokes within the walls of the Block . . .. . . And the small brown shop, all shadow, the little woman and man stand- ing within the shop, within the swelling walls of the passionate street, withinthe flood of the Sun . . .Door burst open. Boys and girls with voices like shrill flowers, like gol- den pebbles pelting : boys and girls with wishes — little flags — on their headsand the wind of the Sun's strokes making them whip and snap.Lotte and Isidor worked. Counted candies . . . six of them for a penny. . . two cent or three cent soda ?. . . here are your jacks . . . we haven't straw- berry only vanilla and chocolate . . . what did give me, five cents ? . . . youscratched that ruler.Lotte worked in a smile. — These are children. All they will not growinto men and women. The Lord chooses. Pity the mothers whose sons Hehas not chosen to grow into strong men. . . Her lips moved faster than fingers.Lotte worked with her eyes. She found him, big and dark, so strong ! — out- standing so among children.He is my son my Dream is bone of his body.He is my hope my hope runs red in his veins.He is my son and my Dream behold he is real!... Far from the Sun, in the thick clot of store, came a radiance on thewings of children, and made in her eyes a countering gleam against the laughterof children.— Children, children and my child. I know that lam chosen in my child.He is big and clumsy, he has no quick laughter like that boy : no ready words.He is slow ... he is deep. There is a glory hidden in his eyes. He cannot blossomso soon like you. . . five cents of these ? . . . whose mother has not been chosen.Let her be glad now ! . . . They loved the Rabinowich store. They paid their pennies and stayed.They romped and quarreled, they cluttered the cramped space before the coun- ter. They made this shadowed spot of the long street wall burst with brightgreenness.Herbert among them, standing among and beyond them. — Strange boy,what would become of 'Herbert with a less wise mother ? There is Cause, itwas written that I should be his mother. Often he is naughty ... " Shareyour licorice, son.". . . He changes, he shifts. He is deep.O you who work beside me and who are weak,Whose weakness I share and shall share always,Behold we have brought forth strength !Our path is darkness we must walk it;Our bed is darkness there must we lie.Shadow is the world.Behold we have brought forth light !... The small store big with the song of children. The brown floor spreadand adance with children's feet. . . The voices of children rose above a silence,wondrously. like young trees of young Spring.My flesh is yours whom I could never love,Behold it has brought forth Love ! 2. The children are gone.They were in the store, the three, together, alone." Now, Herbert son. . . why don't you go quick and do your homework?Then you 11 have all the rest of the time to play. Come. ""No homework, Mama. ""Of course there's homework. You always have homework. Don't youwant to — ""No homework, I tell you. Give me another licorish stick. No home- work. "" Why — are you sure ? That's funny. No homework? Why no home- work, Herbert ?" Give me a licorish stick, I tell you. No homework — no homework. "" You' gave all the other away — I saw you. Darling ! Here. Don'tblack your whole face. " A cloud cuts the Sun. A shadow is a dark shaft striking down upon theBlock, the store. It cleaves the heart of as the cloud cleaves the Sun.Her heart is opened.What is this afternoon ? " say her lips.Her man turned to her. " Friday. "She smiles at his not-knowing. Yet what does she know who smiles athis not-knowing ?She shuts her lips.There is in this afternoon a sun and a cloud. They have metlike man and woman. There is in this afternoon a cleaving anda searing. There is in this afternoon a Ivife and it comes!■The dark shaft cleaves her heart into two lips. They speak.I am with my man who is an old man and whom I should ngthave wed. He is the father of my son : always I think of thisthat I may not think toosore how I have married the man whomI should not have wed.My hair is black, lam not so old as my neighbors feel me. No colorcan break the grey web of my cheeks, I wear black clothes. Formy man is old, it is good to wear black beside him. This is no truereason, I wear black clothes, feel old because of my man. Butthere is true reason why he is my man : this is the reason whyI wear black clothes.Black is the color of rejoicing unto them who are chosen of God.I have tasted Cod, all other foods are poison. I have seen theIyord, all other fires are black.Beneath my black dress, mark-meshed skin ; beneath grey skin ismy body of White.Within my flesh was a son, his taste is my flesh. I am a small wo- man given, after I was marked forever by disease, to him whowould have me. I have been good to him, he has blessed me.It is by his seed that the Lord chose me.Blessed be the long low years we have toiled bent.Blessed be their desert : for they hold a Jewel.It flames beyond Grey, it is a roar of glory above silence.He plays on the floor in air soiled brown : he shines.He is strange, he is generous and slow. He says nothing. Oftenhis words tell nothing to my mind. He is not good in school.He was left back in school. Through him I am chosen of God.God loves him above all us. Above bright children, gay children.This son of my sad flesh is the son of Spirit. He is many strengths, he is many souls. He is old not to know how to take care ofwiping his nose, how to keep from dirtying his pants. Graceand Light he is. . .What is this afternoon ? what is this Life that comes ?The Shadow of the Lord — the Hand of the LordMakes Shadow of our lives.The door opened. — Customer ?. . . Herbert knows her. His teacher!" This .. . Mr. and Mrs. Rabinowich ? Good day. I am Miss Klaar. Iam Herbert's teacher. "A tall thin woman, gold hair waving away from a prim hat, bright girlcheeks, a resolute chin. . . came into the soiled brown store. She stood stiff andhigh, propped faintly against these two little lives who looked at her in passive- ness, waiting her word. She picked the mother." May I speak to one of you ? " she said.Herbert pawed her hand, pounded his head against her waist : her whitehands were easeless to fend him off.She placed his blackness aside. Lotte led her into a back room silent.There was no word — she is Herbert's teacher ! . . . There is in this afternoona Life and it comes ! . . . The door closed, She, Herbert's teacher, held the senseof the little man and of the boy behind her, living, filling a world of their own,not her world :• what did she know of these worlds whose sons like shoots of analien earth sat under her desk, drank her words ?This mother : — This is hard work.Lotte brought her a chair, close where she stood. Lotte stood, in a bed- room. Miss Klaar felt a low specked ceiling, an iron bed so clean, scrubbedfloor, a window grated pouring grey dim against a glow in the room that hadno kinship with the harsh red paint of the bureau. It was about her, this worldshe invaded — she and grey dim through a grated window — upon authoritythat seemed profane to her. — I feel like a heathen. . . She plunged, not letcingthe glow of this meek strong creature in black impinge too deep on what sheknew was her duty." Mrs. Rabinowich, I came to speak to you about your son." Thank you, Miss Klaar. "" Won't you sit down, too ? "Lotte sat on the bed's edge — there was no other chair — with a stern grace" How do you find your son, Mrs. Rabinowich ? "" Why — I do not — I — what do you mean, Miss Klaar ? ""Heis a good-hearted boy. We all love him in his Class. But he doesreprehensible things. I feel I must tell you. " " He is not good at his lessons ? "Worse than that. He is unruly. He does not obey the simplest orderHe has been dirty, Mrs. Rabinowich — "There was silence.He does not seem quite to understand what — what one might expecta boy of twelve, with a good upbringing — " she stopped. " — I know, seeingyou — that his upbringing must be good —No, no. . . lam not — very *— Miss Klaar — very intelligent. ""You know he was left back, last year ... lam fond of Herbert... But Ifeel, Mrs. Rabinowich ... I should long ago have reported him to the BoardTell me. . . What have I done wrong ? ' *" Nothing, I am sure, Mrs. Rabinowich. "" Why report him ? What is there to tell ? Tell me ... "... It is the rule, that when a child does not seem to fit in the regulargraded Class, Mrs. Rabinowich. . . that the Authorities should examine him,in order to find out where he does fit." Where does he fit ? . . down ? "" No, I don't think so . . . Not just a lower grade. "IyOtte feared : " I do not understand, Miss Klaar. "" course ! Now all this will be managed by someone who does. I havemade an appointment for you, Mrs. Rabinowich. " She took a card from herpurse, she was smiling under her prim seriousness : " — It is over ! Here, youmust report here, at five. This afternoon. Dr. Finney. I do not knowDr. Finney, but he I am sure will help you — will tell us more about — aboutwhat is the matter with Herbert. If anything '*She was up. held the card in trembling fingers."Do not forget; this afternoon at five. This afternoon. It is a Boardof Education appointment. He expects Herbert. .. "She walked through the shut world of the store with her shoulders thrust- ing. She moved as through a sea toward air — strained for the street. Shethrew up her eyes, took in once more the air of her own world. — This is hardwork ! . . .Lotte was there with a shawl over her head." Isidor, I must take Herbert. . . down by 59th Street. The teacher. .. "She stopped. Isidor's eyes were high, shut away, above clasped smallhands. He prayed. She waited, watching his shut eyes. His eyes were still,beyond swaying head, mumbling lips.He came forth from the counter : " We go together. . . I close up. "She made no reply. They walked up the street with the low sun red in their eyes. The boyleaped ahead, lounged behind. He was glad. Adventure to be so walkingthrough the streets with mother and father. Both ! A blue car scraped to astandstill — for them !The car lurched them on. A stress of fateful purpose in the lurch forthof the car that for them had scraped to a standstill: in the outlay of fifteen cents :in the fact that Schul would be missed.The' City rose in hard high words. Each building was a word, each streetthey swept by was an accent in the ruthless wording of fate, their fate, as theymoved Southward into knowledge. The City was a sentence, harsh, staccato,in an alien tongue.Lotte clasped Herbert's hand." Come now, darling. Quiet, yes ? "They rose on stone steps.The hall was a cold silence to which their feet spoke fearfully.Bright plastered walls gashed long against the blood of Lotte movingtoward Dr. Finney. She felt beyond the head of her child — he was ablotch — her man, beating with her, moving with her inevitably one, asthough the silence of the world were a rein that bound them, drove themtogether.They sat in bright varnished chairs in a room of gloom.Herbert was a black blotch before Lotte full of the glow of her son. A bigman stood — bright against Herbert and her little man clasping his hat: astroke from top to nadir against the glow of her son. A round red face, yellowhair sparse, gold chain laid on a blanched vest .. . took Herbert away. Thedoor shut. . .They sat viced in the fixity of waiting. Their being there, still in the room,made them one with the room : they and the room moved onward to a real thingshe could not yet see. Time was unreal, waiting was unreal. They movedover a sharp horizon.Lotte sat in this room with her man : and her child beyond under the coldclear eyes of a strange Doctor. But she sat waiting no new being, she felt howall of the world was about her like her flesh: how it swung ahead into cer- tainty. She could not pray. She could not feel the need of prayer. Godwas about her in the certainty of life.   . like her flesh. God was of her sittingthere and moving there toward the words of knowledge she was soon toreceive.The words that she approached, the harsh syllables of the City she hadmoved across, her son and God were one in an immobile ecstacy she, movingforward, limned and partook of. . . He stepped into them alone — above wide vest, within wide face, eyeslittle and blue, cold and impatient.Words came — his words — words from a Doctor who knows — Wordsfor my heart, of my son. Words born of God within cloud of her life. — listen,these words, lay them hot and cold in my open heart which the Sun has opened." I suppose, " he looked down at a card, " Miss Klaar, I suppose, has pre- pared you for what there can be no doubt 0f... No doubt of, my dear people..He looked at them. — The world is one, these words of a world that isone . . . His eyes danced blue against the fixity of the room that was theirs." There is no doubt, my friends, your son is not only backward, very backward,will never be anything else ... You see how he is now. Do you ? His bodywill grow big .. . He is healthy alright. You feed him — too wisely. — Well,he will always act just about as he acts now. No use concealing that... Be justas childish and foolish — stupid — as he is today . . . There are things he canlearn. . . Not what he is taught where he is now. We'll have him placed inanother Class where he belongs — with others like him. Lots others like him,my good woman .. . where he can learn to use his hands. Some crude simplejob. Never fear, there'll be work always... crude work of the hands... drawers ofwater, hewers of wood ? we need'em I guess ... he will be able to do. No more. "His eyes stopped dancing beyond the two dark figures, they fixed on thewoman. . . " No more, " his lips pushed out again, to her. The blue eyes gleamed,struck her black calm, came back, tremoring, screaming, within him. His facepaled. He turned.He flung wide the door, joined their flesh to the two dark figures." Here !" He gave the boy. " Good evening. "He tried to break the daze he felt in his clear rooms. — Clear rooms,my rooms, clear . . . what's this ? " Remember ! here's his address . . . the newschool. Prepare yourselves- to seeing his body grow big. . . bigger thanyours .. . America .. . and his mind stay childish. Goodnight. "His hand sucked out, clasped the hand of L,otte who stood.He held her hand. There were no woids in the world. He felt behindthe daze of his clear room a stream of strength moving resistless toward himfrom this woman, toward daze in himself. 3. The Sun was gone behind the Westward city. It cast its radiance uponthe sky, and the sky was a fused clearness over their heads as they walked.Gentle and warm sinking into night was the sky above city. Houses, dyingin shadow fusing with sky, stood like words spoken. " We will walk home, Isidor. "" Ain't we goin' to take the car ? "" No, son. There's no hurry. Taking the car costs money. "Herbert leaped ahead, lounged behind their black bent calm, glad of thisadventure of moving through the city, far from home, with mother and father.Both!They walked slow, they walked still. . . within the glow of the day. Aconstant measure they were before and behind their son. Perspiration. The poor dearlooked dreadfully bored(unless his monocle lied)as he sat therewith his hat upon his headstriped blue collar round his neckpearl gray jacket round his torsoyellow flannels round his legsolive spats upon his feet:so he sipped his thin liqueror puffed spirals from his pipethe while his naked eyeroamed ever so wistfullyacross di Como :beautiful, yes,a sheet of serenity,the surrounding mountainsvoluptuous indeed,yes, but what use is a bodythat's carved out of stoneand invitationswhose speech is so silent,and life such as thisenough of a dullnesswith nothing to doits whole length and breadthexcept to yawn and to yearn for London far awaywhere at least there are streetsand something going onand a soul or two to chat with,and the women who accost youuse a tongue that's civilized :so what's a chap to dowhen his energy is lowwith his spats upon his feetyellow flannels round his legspearl gray jacket round his torsostriped blue collar round his neckand his head beneath his hat:except perhaps tenderlyto remove the last articleand caress his troubled browwith a languidcambric kerchief ? Dawn. Alfred Kreymborg. The languourous thighs of the morningstretch themselves in sleep,and one eye just peersover the edge of white comforters,,vaguely to discoverthe paramour flown,without plea of leave-takingor hypocritical excuse,to the Orient,as the fellow's shadow betrays: whither,with an irate mienand thighs sprouting wingsshe pursues him :for,once you've had them,they're no longer backward.,the women who forget they were ladies Juan Gris.Courtesy Galerie Simon — Paris. Painting. PROFOUND TODAY. From the French ofBlaise Cendrars. I no longer know whether I regard the starry heavens with my eyes orif I look at a drop of water thru a microscope. Since the beginning of his spe- cies the horse moves, pliable and geometric. Already the machines overtakehim, go beyond him. The locomotives prance, and the steamboats neigh uponthe water. Never has a typewriter made a mistake in etymological orthogra- phy, while the savant stammers, chews his words, breaks his teeth on ancientconsonants. When I think, all my senses are kindled, and I wish to violate allbeings. And when I release my instinct of destruction I find the triangle ofa metaphysical solution. Inexhaustible coal pits ! Cosmogonies live againin the trademarks. Extravagant signs over the city, multi-colored, with theribbon of the trams climbing the avenue, howling monkeys holding each otherby the tail and the incendiary orchids of architecture which collapse from aboveand kill them. In the air the virgin cry of the trolleys. medium is aswell trained as the stallion of an Indian chief. It obeys the slightest beck.Pressure of a finger. A jet of steam sets the piston going. Copper wire makesa frogs leg somersault. Everything is becoming sensitized. Is within reachof the eyes. Nearly touches one. Where is Man ? The gesture of the infus- oria is more tragic than the story of a woman's heart. The life of the plantsmore stirring than a police drama. The movement of the muscles of the backin action is a ballet; this square of goods should be set to music and that jarof preserves is a poem of ingenuousness. Everything changes, proportions,angles, aspects. Everything recedes, approaches, cumulates, miscarries, laughs,becomes accentuated and exaggerated. Produce, from five parts of the globe,is united on the same plate, in the same dress. One feeds on the sweat of gold, •at each meal, at each kiss. Everything is artificial. . The eyes, the hand. Thegreat fur of figures on which I keep the bank. The sexual frenzy of the facto- ries. The wheel which turns. The wing which flies. The voice which travelsfar, on a wire. Your ear in a trumpet. Your sense of direction. Your rhythm.You melt the world in the mold of your skull. Your brain is hollow. Unsus- pected depth in which you cull the mighty flower of explosives. Like a reli- gion, a mysterious pill hastens digestion. You lose yourself in the laby- rinth of the stores where you give up your entity to become everyone. You smoke with Mr. Bock the Havana at twenty-five cents, which is on the poster.You are part of that great anonymous body which is a cafe. Ino longer recog- nize myself in the mirror. Alcohol has clouded my features. He marriesthe department store like the first comer. We are all the hour which strikes.You hurl yourself at the menagerie of the railroad stations to tame the beastof your impatience. They depart. They disperse. Fireworks in all direc- tions. The capitals of Europe are in the trajectory of their inertia. A ter- rific whistle plows up the continent. The countries across the sea lie in the net.Here is Egypt on a camel. Go to Engadine for your winter sports. Readthe Golf Hotels in the palm trees. Think of 400 windows in sunlight. Oneunfolds the horizons of the timetabled and one dreams himself on Southern lies.Romanticism. The flags of the landscape float over the doors while from thegarland of the train fall flowers which take root and name, forgotten villages.The removals kneeling in the accordeon of the sky across the telescoped voices.The most blase go the farthest. Immovable. Entire days. Like Socrates.With an activity in its head. The Eiffel Tower comes and goes, from the summit.The sun, a cloud, a trifle suffices to lengthen, to shorten it. The steel bridgesare all mysterious and sensitive. Watches set themselves. From all sidesthe transatlantics advance toward their connections. Then the semaphoremakes a sign. A blue eye opens. A red one shuts. All is soon but colour,interpenetration. Disc. Rhythm. Dance. Orange and violet eat each other.Checkerboard of the port. In each hut is piled up that which you have wonin inventing the game, Doctor Palamede. Steam shovels open their bucketsof thunder. Pellmell. The Orient. The Occident. The South. The North.Everything struts on the wharfs while the lion of the sky strangles the cowsof the twilight. There are cargoes of fruits on the earth and on the roofs. Casksof fire. Of cinnamon. European women are like submarine flowers beforethe violent labour of the longshoremen and the dark red apotheosis of themachines. One receives a trolley car on the chest. An automobile on theback. A trap door opens under foot. One has a tunnel in his eyes. One risesto the fifteenth floor drawn by the hair. All this while smoking a pipe withhands at the faucets — hot water — cold water — one dreams of the wifeof the captain whose knee one will nudge under the table a little later. Gol- den teeth, her smiles and her accent are charming. And then one lets himselfslide to dinner. Tongues are stuffed. We must make many grimaces in orderto understand each other. Must gesticulate and laugh very loudly. Madamewipes her mouth with the corner of her napkin. Zephyr Beef ; Eureka Coffee.Pimodan or Pamodan. In my rocking chair, lam like a negro fetich, angular,under the heraldic electricity. The orchestra plays Louise. I amuse myselfby piercing thru and thru with a pin this fat body which floats at the level of my eyes. Diver, in the smoke of my cigar, alone, I listen to the dying ofthe sentimental music which causes my helmet to reverberate. My soles oflead hold me up and I advance slow, grotesque, pinched at the joints and bendwith difficulty over the swamp-life of woman. Your eye, sea horse, vibrates-,marks a comma and passes by. Between two waters, the sex, bushy, compli- cated, unusual. The cuttle fish squirts me with his cloud of ink in which Idisappear like an aviator. I hear the motor of the waters, the forging of theleaches. A thousand suction pores function, secreting lodine. The skin be- comes gelatinous, transparent, irridescent like the flesh of an anemone. Thecenters of sensitiveness become polarized. Independence of all the functions.The eye strains to touch ; the back eats ; the finger sees. Clusters of grassyarms undulate. Sponge of the depths, the brain breathes gently. The thighsremember and make the movements of fins. The storm tears out your tonsils.A cry passes thru you like the shadow of an iceberg. It congeals and disjoins.Your being reassembles with difficulty. Hunger draws together the scatteredlimbs and groups them around the vacuum which is now the belly. The bodyassumes the uniform of its weight. The spirit, scattered everywhere, concen- trates in the cockade of the consciousness. lam man. You are woman. Good- bye. Each regains his room. There are shoes before the door, not to confusethem. Mine are yellow. The boy waits for his tip. I give him the egu of mycoat-of-arms. I -have forgotten to sleep. My glottis moves. This attemptat suicide is regicide. I am impaled on my sensibility. The dogs of nightcome to lick the black blood which trickles down my legs. They make lightfrom it. The silence is such that one hears the spring of the universe coilingitself. A sudden click, everything is larger by a notch. It is today. Beautifulhorse foaming. Sicknesses rise to the skies like stars on the horizon. Andhere is Betelgueuse who is mistress of the seventh house. Believe me, all isclear, ordered, simple and natural. The mineral breathes, the vegetable eats,the animal feels. Man is crystallized. Prodigious today. Plummet. Yardarm. Door. Face. Whirlwind. • You live. Eccentric. In the integral solitude.In the anonymous communion. With all that which is root and summit andwhich palpitates, unites, enthuses. Phenomena of this congenital halucinationwhich is life in all its manifestations and the continuous activity of consciousness.The motor turns in spirals. The rhythm speaks. Chemistry. You are. Pro- found today. PROTEUS. PAUL, Claudel. (Translated from the French by John Strong Newberry). SCENE 11.The Repast of the Seai,s.MUSIC.The platform turns revealing another part of the isle. Proteus is discovered,quite naked, in a bathtub with convex bottom in which he teeters back and forth.The tap is replaced by a stopper. He is very fat and hairy. A rather meagre- white beard, pointed ears. Shiny bald head with a few scattered hairs. Over hiseyes automobile goggles. Beside him are six tobacco plants in pots.In front of him is an osier-basket, filled with fish, which he is throwing to hisseals. Fish and seals may be replaced by the imagination of the spectators, or bymusic.\Proteus.Cot, cot, cot, cot, cot ! Here, my sheep ! Here, my little chickens !Cot, cot, cot ![The round heads of seals appear here and there inthe sea).Are we all here ? One, two, three, four, six, eight, eleven, twelve.Thirteen ! The tale is complete !To which goes the codfish, to which the conger, to which the red surmullet,to which the halibut steak ? Cot, cot, cot! To which this lovely shad.(Tumult, battle, flocking, foam, leaps of the seals whichthrow themselves from the summits of the crags into waterof snow and turquoise. Braying, trumpeting, thumpingsof tails, and fins. All this is expressed by the music).Here, Moustache ! heave yourself up on your tusks ! we are young nolonger, my Jumbo. Here take this devil-fish. It won't frighten you !And you, Otarys, my little one come to seize this splendid dab. To lookabout a little, walk on your upper fins diminutive like pantaloons. (Otarys takes the fish from his fingers).Who gets the fry ?(With both hands he sowslittle fishes. Flocking ofseals).Here s yours, Rhesus ! Here s yours, Gorgo ! and you, the littlest one,what is the matter that you should bray there like an ass. Catch, my littlebarrel!(New distribution of fish. Flocking of seals).lou, the basket is empty.And now for serious things, to work! to work !What is the quotient, Moustache, of five ten hundred thousandths dividedby 123 ?You do not know ? Work it out, and give me the answer later.And you, Tambour, you are going to add for me 3.977 and 7.896.And you, Gorgo, if you please, extract the cube root of 27.Go, you have something wherewith to amuse yourselves.(He bloivs into a conch).Willowithe ! Willowithe !(Enter Wiixowithe) .(MenblvAUS is seen stealthily approaching, gliding be- hind the rocks, still holding Hei,En by the hand. Thenfastens her with a cord to a rock behind which he hideshimself).Wilderwithe.What does Monseigneur desire ?Proteus.Oh, what politeness today. This the language of the courts !Go and get me my basin to wash my hands.My Chinese basin, the rose-colored one, the one with the mao-pings IAnd see that the water is very hot.(She goes out and returns bringing half a basin whichshe puts under his chin).Proteus, blowing and spluttering in the basin.Bou ! Bou ! Bou !(Music). The annoying thing [is this /that I can only have odd dishes. One here,another there, never a service complete.(He dries himself).WnjvOWITHE.A capable housekeeper, now, would be more useful to you than a poor Sa- tyr ess.She would re-embroider all this with your monogram.Proteus, scrutinizing himself in a dented mirror that she hold,s for him.Yes indeed ! Yes indeed ! Yes indeed !WnxowiTHE.You have promised to let me go, some day, if I am good.Proteus.Yes indeed. — Remove the brick.[She takes out the brick that warms the bath. Heteeters with evident satisfaction).WIEEO WITHE.I and the rest of the two-footed animals, my companions.Proteus, winking.And what about Menelaus.Wielowithe.What Menelaus ?(Proteus winks and indicates, with a little movement,the rock behind which MENEEAUS is hidden).WIEEOWITHB.I don't know what you mean.Proteus, in guarded tones.He is lying in wait for us behind that rock.Wiixowithe, throwing herself at his feet.You know everything, master. One cannot hide anything from you.Proteus.Take care not to break my basin! It has ac rack that troubles me greatly.Wieeo withe.Yes, I will tell you all.(Meneeaus sticks out his head, she motions to himto hide himself).But first. . .(She draws a comb from her girdle and combs hisbeard). Let me pass the comb through your whiskers a while, for you are a sightto see, with that beard all tangled and full of sand.Ah, old wrecker of ships.Say, is there no device that will keep you safe at home when the sea is filledwith madness.And dances with nodding plumes in the Thracian wind, its lanterns allalight.(Ah, it is a pleasant change after the stifling breezes from Libyan sands andone fills one's lungs with air).I take it that it must needs be you that the poor devils who go to the bottomLast see on the crest of a wave, old bather !Dancing mid wrecks and corpses as insubmersible as a bottle !Proteus.Trim my hair a trifle.Wieeo withe.But there's no hair to trim ! Scarce five or six impalpable filaments. Itis embroidery scissors that I need.Proteus.No matter ! This sound of snipping about my head procures me pleasantillusions.Such, in the month of June the peddlar who falls asleep to the sound ofswishing scythes in the lushy meadows.Wieeowithe, waving the shears about his head.I love you much, little Proteus of my heart.Proteus.Same here.WHjvOwithe, same business.You do not believe me, this causes me much pain.Proteus.I believe you, Willowithe.WIELO WITHE.Ah, you are so good, so simple, so delicate.Proteus.Perfectly true.Wieeo withe.So quaint, so original! That fish-tale, what an idea !Proteus.Isn't it ?WIEEO withe.So rich ! Proteus.Yes indeed.Wiixowithe.You love the fine arts so much ! That collection of yours, there isn'tanother like it in all the Aegean Sea.Proteus.It is this, is it not, on which Menelaus counts to repair his little boat ?Wiixowthe.Do you want to keep him here ? He'd put everything in confusion in thissmall well-ordered isle.Even now he wished to ravage you plantation.Since he has taken Troy you wouldn't recognize him. He's a savage, atrue devourer.Proteus.Ah, sly boots ! Is it not true it was you that instructed him ?Never adventurer is shipwrecked on these shoresBut that you teach him the way to get round old Proteus.In vain I transform myself to lion, dragon, water, fire and fruit-tree.Not one of them by any chance lets go his hold in fright and I have to givehim whatever he demands,And I must confess that I find it most fatiguing.Not to mention the loss of respectability for a man getting on in years.Wildly O WITHE.Then let me go in peace.Proteus.Bah, you see these malicious shifts have'nt done you a bit of good.None of them yet has been true to the vow he made. Hee ! Hee ! Hee !They do not catch me so, I am far too old a fish.WlUvO WITHE.And do you know who it is that Menelaus brought with him, holding herby the hand ?Proteus.Who ?W IIyEOWITHE.You know everything, Monseigneur, and I can teach you nothing.Proteus.Come, you know well I am just a wretched god of the sixth rank, and hencemy copy of Destiny comes to me last, having passed through many hands.Nothing but little pictures grotesquely defaced on the ribbon !And in the most interesting places, look you, are people of whom, there remains no more than a hand, or a boot, or perhaps it's the head that's gone, andsuddenly there's a gap that's fathoms long. See your portrait there if you can !Then be trustful and take a servant-maid who answers to the name ofWillowithe and who has horns on her head.Willowithe.You are proud of it !Proteus.He ! He ! I don't deny it. Folks would go far to see one of those Nymphsof whom one talks so much !Willowithe.And of your herd of Satyrs as well, is it not so ? Tisn't everyone that hassuch a galaxy.Proteus.It's for their own good that I keep them. I mean to teach them moralsand sanitation.Then, too, it amuses me to watch them hopping from rock to rock. It ispicturesque. It gives the place a more animated air. What a pity, now thatI haven't got a fountain !Ah, I'm quite a character, I am, there's nobody else quite like me.WiEEO WITHE.Then you shall not know who is here with Menelaus.Proteus.Then he can dispense with my teak-wood and my good Phenician cordage.What a nincompoop 1 He calls himself a sailor, he wishes to sail the seasand he couldn't cross the Eurotas in a wash-tub if it should chance to rain !Willowithe, softly.Helen.Proteus.Helen is with him ?(Willowithe nods her head).You have seen her ?Willo withe.I have seen her.Proteus.As beautiful as they say ?WILLO WITHE.As beautiful. This savage drags her along by the hand.Proteus, dreamily.Ten years have passed since, on the stern of the ship that carried her to- wards Troy, I saw her floating veil the hue of gold. WIIXOWITHE.She is still the same Helen.Proteus.And this great fire from which they haled her forth has not bloused her,nor marred her beauty ?WIIXO WITHE.She is still the same Helen.Proteus.Ah, I should like to see her.Wiixowithe.Do wish to possess her ?Proteus.I say tht I'd like to look at her.Whxowithe.But it's in your power, my lord, to make her yours, and to look at herduring all the days of your life.Proteus.Ah, do not persuade to violent acts. I'm too old. My isle is small,But never an old sea-captain owned a cabin that was more precisely or- dered and arranged.Let the great gods do what they will since all the earth is theirs.I have no wish that this rent-free hovel go hurtling through the air.WIELO WITHE.Helen is very beautiful!Proteus.And did she speak to you ?WllvlvO WITHE.She is so puffed, up with pride since these things have happened to herThat the only words she will speak are " I am Helen. "Proteus.As tranquil as a statue, and living into the bargain ! Exactly what I shouldlike !None of those scenes to be dreaded with her to which you treat me so of- ten, my little spitfire !WILLO WITHE.I have dropped a hint to Menelaus of that idiotic taleThat they tell in all the isles from Marseilles to GallipoliThat there are two Helens and that the one of Troy was not thetrue one. Proteus.It is not an idiotic tale, I invented it myself. I never have found a humbugmore amusing.It is worth its weight in sea-salt.WIEEO WITHE.I said to our MenelausThat this Helen whom he has haled from Troy by the handWas false and that the true one was in our custody.Proteus.Bravo ! Excellent ! ' Faith, you become a true daughter of the sea.WIIX O WITHE •But it only rests with you to transform this lie to truth.Proteus.How ?Wiixo withe.It is in your power to retain the true, the only Helen.Proteus.I do not understand.Wiixo withe .I have not told everything to this brutal lout. I have merely informed himthat you can deck yourself, with apples of leather between his arms. Buthe doesn't know that if you look at him without your spectacles, you can makehim believe whatever you choose.Proteus.It is true.Wily eo withe .Let him take your spectacles. Make him see that I am Helen.Proteus.Make him see that you are Helen ?Hou ! Hou !WIEEOWITHE.He will take me away with him.Proteus.Ho ! Ho !WIIXOWITHE.And he will leave you the veritable Helen.Proteus.He ! He !WIEEO WITHE.And I will take away all the Satyrs, my brothers, with me! Proteus.The deuce ! You go too fast!Wuxowithe.I,et me only have her likeness.You will see if I'm not more Helen than Helen herself.% (Proteus.But he must have already promised you something, eh ?WllylyO WITHE.A sailor's promises! Ha ! He swears too easily.Do you think a sailor troubles himself to take a useless mouthThrough gratitude ? Medea and Ariadne, I know their histories !The water supply is small, and that's the whole thing in a nutshell.— And he doesn't like my horns.Proteus.Do you flatter yourself that he will take this troop of Satyrs on board hisship ?Wiixowithe.You will make him think them my maids, assembly chaste.Proteus.The Satyrs your chaste maids, Hou! Hou! And why not my seals, pray tell ?Wiixo withe.Say it is beyond your power.Proteus.Nothing's beyond my power ! Not even an imbecile's credulity !WHrIyOWITHE .Be gracious to me, Emperor-of-the-Sea and King-of-all-the-Liars!Proteus.But Ido not like in the least to lose my Satyrs. Never again could I forma like collection.All the gods of the sea are envious of my cabinet!There is only Phorcus, indeed, who has mustered up a few poor sailors, com- panions of Ulysses,And all day long they promenade on his hyperborean sands.With their spy-glasses under their arms and their little oil-skin hats.It's not to be classed with such an assemblage as mine.Everywhere they are known, true scions of the air !WllJyO withe •Pah, a pack of old stinking sheep, ancient ataxic goats !If you let them drink this mineral water another thirty days they'll be onlyfit for the Ecole des Beaux-Arts. Proteus.Ta ! Ta ! Ta !WIEEO WITHE.But on the other hand, Helen, what a unique possession. What honorfor your old age !Such a prize is surely worth more than a flock of half-mangy merinos.Proteus.You weary me !Wil,i,owithe, with enthusiasm.Helen, one would say, the true, the only Helen !Proteus.Be still! You weary me !Wiixowithe.The true, the only Helen ! She for whom gods dispute with men ! Shewho's talked about everywhere !She for whom two hundred thousand men have recently had their throatscut. . .Proteus.Two hundred thousand men, did you say ?WIIvEO withe.It is official figure.Proteus.Two hundred thousand men !You make my mouth, water. Be still!WIEEOWITHE.W.hat a pearl for your collection !I know that Jupiter wants her. There's a place for her in heaven betweenthe stars of the Dioscurides.Proteus.He shall not have her !W 11,1,0 withe, brandishing the shears.No, he shall not have her. It's Proteus all the same, it's the little sixth- class god will prove himself the most cunning !Proteus.You make me laugh ! Ah well, it shall be as you wish !WnxowiTHE, raising her hand.You have promised.Meneeaus comes out. of his hiding-place and ad- vances, crawling). Proteus.I ,have promised.All the same it will come hard to lose you, Willowithe.Wiixo withe.It's hard on me, too, my poor old man.{She motions to Meneeaus).We understand each other, in spite of every thing. We were so used toeach other, in spite of every thing We were so used to each other's littleways !(Meneeaus springs and seizes Proteus behind.The bath is upset. Tumult).On ! Boldly ! That's good*! that, catch him below the elbows. Good !Hold firmly, hold firmly, I tell you ! Do not let him go the old brigand ! out for Number One. Do not forget! The lion is starting now.(The shadow of a lion outlines itself on the drop atthe back). TRINKETS WILIAM SAPHIER. William Gropper. Drawing. The old silversmith always found a question in the face of his apprentice,a boy of sixteen with a load of curly hair and big, brown eyes. With his bigeyes and wide open ears, like expectant baskets, the boy gathered every step andmove of his master. The shop was his threshold to life and the silversmith hisguide.The silversmith was tall and thin, the shop long and narrow, full of saints andshowcases. It was an adventure to pass from one end of the shop to the other.Something always dropped and broke. A coat alwa}rs ripped, a knee was alwaysbruised on such occasions. There seemed to be hundreds of shelves, all loadedwith ancient clocks, cheap jewelry, resilvered saints and scratched icons. Every- thing covered with dust, placed too high or placed too low. The old man sighedoften and he sighed loudest whenever he happened to look at the heavily loadedshelves. About once a week he would survey the sad and dusty merchandise anddecide to dispose of it at a gypsy fair.The apprentice had visions of himself as a salesman at one of these fairs,selling alarm clocks to gypsies in many-colored dresses and silver coins in theirhair. He could hear their violins, their dancing and quarreling. He rememberedone with a slit skirt walking like a queen through the market place. Besides,he would show the silversmith's wife that he needed no advice every few minutes.He could go to distant places and take care of goods, dispose of them and bringback a clear account. She did not seem to realize that he was almost sixteenyears old and that he could cross the streets without being told to look out.He knew he would succeed, and prove to his father that he could do more thandream. These dreams were as impossible as the rest, he knew that, and hepassed from them to reality with ease. His most impossible dreams were notas strange as the shop and his relation to the old silversmith.Impossible dreams have a way of coming true, and one day, an early autumnday, rich as a mother and warm as a mother's bosom, the silversmith hired asalesman and ordered his apprentice to go along. He was to have an importanttask on this expedition, to keep track of expenses and to take care of the money.He received a leather bag and strap for that purpose. These he tied round hiswaist under his clothes. On that morning the trees seemed less tall and the silversmith's wife lessimportant. He made larger steps, and his heels met the ground firmly. A farmwagon drawn by two bony horses took them out of town. It seemed the slowestwagon on earth, and the boy who sat on top of the bundles, showcases and somelumber looked down on the people and horses like the Emperor of India on hiselephant passing through his cities.The green leaves of young acacia trees hovered over the entire length of theboulevard and distributed the spring sunshine in patches on the ground. Bare- footed girls skipped lightly over the ground. The skipping feet played in ac- cord with the shadows of the green acacia leaves moved by a breeze. Distantsounds were clear and pleasant, and the sparrows seemed important. The airwas kind and full of good wishes. Warm waves of it caressed the boy's cheeks.He pitied the people below him and hoped that some day they too might at- tain their ultimate hopes.There were five other men on the wagon, all going to the fair. They weretogether three days and three nights, but the boy did not know their faces at theend of the journey. Their chatter reached him mixed with the sound of hoofsand the squeaks of unoiled farm wagon wheels. His eyes and ears were withthe gypsies. Perched on his high seat the noises underneath him were in theright place, beyond his notice. Like a bird, he was little concerned with theimmediate solid things near him,The road was crowded but soon empty. The road became long, the roadbecame lonely, the road came to life and died away in the distance somewherenear the Danube. Little houses came close to the road to watch the heavy,loaded wagon pass. Little houses peeped from behind hills and sometimes wholerows would march across the road. At these places the road would sometimeswear a stone mask. As the sun sank behind the Carpathian mountains the roadled to mysterious woods and fields, enormous fields covered with fresh cutstacks of corn. At great intervals small lights shone in the distance, and un- familiar sounds startled him, his heart beating at great speed. Suddenly a sentryappeared with gun and bayonet marching from one end of a field to the other.This vision appeared between stacks of corn and made his eyes dilate with fear.He dared not breathe. He looked for the other men on the wagon, but theywere all asleep, including the driver. The horses walked on slowly to the desti- nation. The sentry yawned loudly. This tranquility soothed the boy's nerves,but he sat up staring through the darkness until the sentry was far behind andthe sound of his healthy boots died away.Soon they came to what seemed, at a distance, a lighted hole in the groundnear the road. It was a low built shog, made of clay and straw. No door, nowindows. Evidently open, day and night. Wine and dried meats were the main merchandise. A few rough benches and tables, two oil lamps, completedthe furniture. In one corner two heavy peasants slept with their shirts open,their bare chests close to the black earth. Their garments and skins were likethe earth. The earth seemed to breathe through them, the earth was blossom- ing forth into animal life on this very spot near these benches. The soil as- sumed human shapes and activities, breathing, snoring and twitching. . Thesetwo sons of the soil loved their mother.The shopkeeper was clumsy all over, except his eyes. The horses stoppedmechanically in front of this tavern, and the sleeping five jumped from the wagonalmost before it stopped, wide awake and hungry. Cheese, sausage and wine,some stale bread, were spread over the table. Red peppers were the only vege- tables served. No dishes, forks or spoons but sharp knives. The salesman of- fered wine to the boy more than once, but he refused. He disliked and distrust- ed the man. The silversmith had warned him against the salesman.All slept for a few hours with heads on folded arms on the table. The boykept watch. He could not sleep. The wagon outside the door held whatseemed to him a fortune. It was all instrusted to him. He would have toaccount for every trinket in the cases, and he meant to return with a cleanaccount.Early in the morning they started again, over a flat, monotonous country.Exhausted from the night's watch, the boy slept hours at a time on top of thebundles. He ate little during that day, and kept his eyes on the horizon, a flat,unpromising line. The day passed, leaving a heavy weight on the boy's body.Late that evening they stopped in front of a convent and after long negotiationthrough a hole in the gate, they were admitted. The air was cooler inside itswalls. Stone walls with pale faces and pale faces with stony expressions. Thewhole place was full of black shawls moving constantly and silently. Walkingblack shawls, candles, sighs, lanterns, bells, prayers and all kinds of queer soundskept the night alive. The boy slept on the wagon, he would not depart fromthe showcases. The men slept in the stables. They left early.The next day they reached the small town, on a wide and shallow river. Gyp- sies, horses and girls filled the main thoroughfare. Horses by the hundreds,by the thousands, by the millions, the boy had never seen so many horses in hislife. The most dilapidated, hungry and bony horses imaginable. They allseemed unfinished attempts. Thin necks, short necks, hanging necks, holdingup or down sorrowful looking heads. Big bellies, narrow chests. Limping,sneezing creatures, some of them covered with sores and blind. The best look- ing things present were the whips, carefully braided and tipped. These were toturn those half dead, worn-out animals into prancing steeds or into steadyhardworking draft horses. Most of the owners were barefooted, but their horses had new shoes on. There seemed to be no money anywhere, but a lot of noise.Everybody had something to sell, and no one had money to buy. An enormousbarrel filled with a light kind of brandy on a wagon pulled by two fine lookingoxen stopped in the middle of the camp, a dozen gypsy musicians lined up on oneside, and soon all attempts at trading stopped.The boy ate and slept the whole week near the showcases. More than halfthe merchandise was sold. The bag round the boy's waist was bulging, and hebought secretly a long, sharp knife, formed like a dagger. He avoided thinkingabout the reason for this action. He felt secure with the blade in his pocket-The salesman was too friendly and the boy disliked him more than ever. Inspite of this the older men managed to induce him to visit another fair. Itwas on their way home, not far from the home town. Here was a chance to getrid of the rest of the trinkets, and the boy, gripping his knife tightly, said yes-The second fair was in full swing when they arrived, and things were movingfast. The salesman seemed to know everyone in this place. Here things seemedmore orderly, and the people well-to-do. Some of the horses even yawned. Thewhole day passed pleasantly, but one of the gypsies looked east and predicted astorm. It came before sun set. The sky turned black; a few large drops driven bya strong wind announced a heavy rain. All packed things away and ran forshelter. The boy stuck to the heavy showcases until he got wet. The windand rain turned into a hurricane. It ripped the roofs off the improvised stores.The few watchmen were the last to disappear and they dragged the boy withthem to a nearby wineroom. The place was overcrowded with men and women.There were at least three hundred people in a place that would usually hold lessthan half that number. The smells were of great variety and intensity and every- one talked all the time. The boy was squeezed against the window, and kepthis nose close to a crack in the windowpane. A tiny current of fresh air camein thru the crack and the boy sipped every bit of it. Outside on a huge black sheetthe storm threw a zigzag of golden fire. All round the building there seemed tobe a black sea. The noise in the wineroom dimmed the thunder, except when itwas very near.After a while everyone seemed drunk, and either asleep or quarreling. Thelights went out and the boy was forced against the wall in an uncomfortable po- sition. His head ached and the noises and odors were most unpleasant. Heheard sighs that seemed like laughter and laughter that seemed like weeping.He heard snoring, subdued quarrels and the heavy movements of clumsy bo- dies. Someone lit a match, a knife flashed thru the air and a horrible shriekfollowed. The boy covered his eyes and ears with his fingers and waited in thisposition for a long time, until things calmed again and everyone seemed to beasleep. The black sky became grey and the boy was able to distinguish things at some distance. A wagon passed, the horses knee-deep in water, and severalmen in the wagon looked anxiously about. One looked exactly like the salesman,but it was too dark to distinguish faces.Soon the sun touched the tops of the few remaining trees and the roofs ofthe taller houses. A light breeze rippled the water that covered the whole groundoccupied by the fair. Iyittle was left standing. The boy waded thru the waterlooking for his showcases. He found two boards floating near the place. Some- one had used an ax ; the lock was intact and held the two boards together.Other people too discovered that the storm had had considerable aid in wreckingthe place. The silversmith's apprentice felt crushed. He looked for the sales- man, but no one had seen him since the storm started.It was a cool, clear, heartless morning, and he realized that he had failed inthe first real test. It was senseless to continue living when you knew you couldnot face a serious situation. It was easy to live in the city, to work, to enjoyleisure and even to die ; it was too easy ; but to face the hurricane ... He hadfailed. He had promised to bring back a clean account of all those superannu- ated trinkets, alarm clocks and brass bracelets. He looked at his long, dagger- like knife, sighed and decided first to return all the money to the old silversmithand afterwards . . . He looked at the knife again and carefully returned it toits leather sheath. He looked round for a while and started home on foot withthe two boards under his arm. He walked all day gesticulating and sighing.From time to time his hand would feel the bag tied round his waist. His clotheswere wet through and his coat was stiff and heavy. His shoes were full ofwater and he felt the sharp rocks in the road. There were many of them.The day had passed when the boy came within a few miles of the city. Heknew the road well and he had forgotten all about the fairs, the salesman andthe silversmith. He walked like an automatic toy, changing the boards fromright to left and feeling for his purse without knowing the reason for his actions.He heard only the gypsy musicians, the night sounds in the cornfields and the hor- rible shriek in the tavern. He felt those black shawls walking with lanternsbehind him from the convent. The lame horses he had seen appeared one byone, and soon he heard the shriek again.It was late in the evening when the boy came into the town. The road ledstraight to the silversmith's house. He made slow progress. The boards wereheavy, his clothing still wet, but he kept his head straight in the air.Now he was marching at the head of a long procession. With two boards,once the sides of a jewelry showcase, under his arm, he walked slowly past thereviewing stand occupied by one-eyed kings, artists, and heroes, who were atpresent disguised as lamp-posts and as houses with lights in them. Behindhim at some distance followed stacks of corn, the sentry with his long bayonet, the windowless and doorless tavern, the million three and four-cornered horses,the gypsy band, the storm, the lightning, while the shriek came regularly to therythm of the musicians.Leading this weird procession he reached the silversmith's door. The oldman was still awake. He looked at the bent and trembling boy, who laid the twoboards and the bag of money on the table. The silversmith shook his head, puton his hat and coat, picked up the limp body of the feverish boy in his arms andcarried him home. BROOMIDES. This being our third issue, we are beginning to receive comments on ourfirst.One of the most distinguished of present-day American poets and criticswrites us as follows. He expresses so many of our aims so clearly, and withso much less modesty than we would have done had we done it, that we cannotresist printing some of his comment, in lieu of an editorial:"I want to congratulate - no, congratulate is not the word - you for the firstnumber of Broom. You have not only produced an interesting, readable andup-to-date periodial, free from irritating assumptions of superiority, free fromamateurish suggestions of half-baked culture, but you have done somethingeven better — you have proved that the American spirit is broad enough toembrace not France only but Europe, not Europe only but the world. Duringthis past year I have increasingly suffered from the manifest signs displayedin other quarters that American culture was trying to limit itself, that NewYork was trying to ape Oxford, for instance, or Paris. I am glad that youhave set your faces against this tendency, being convinced that the only wayAmerica can save herself, and incidentally, save others, is not by becomingFrench or English, but by becoming universal; not by limiting itself, but byextending its field to take in the whole planet. What Dostoievsky said wasthe mission of Russia, to make all men brothers, is now the mission of America.Indeed, did not Whitman say the same thing ? I am delighted you have decidedto speak the universal language of art, instead of the jargon of certain coteriesin Paris and in London, and I echo the sentiments of Miss Sanders' admirablearticle :' What Europe looks forward to on the part of America is a broadening,not a narrowing; an inclusiveness, not an exclusiveness ; a fertilizing, not asterilizing of the aesthetic field, of art emotion, and cultural perception. 'I assure you that I shall do everything possible to make your great effortbetter known. In the spirit of Melville's motto, yours till the decks are dry, etc. " One of the most distinguished of present-day English poets and criticswrites us to the contrary, and he expresses so many of our fears so clearly,and with more bravado than we would have done had we done it, that we can- not resist etc. :. " (i) Size : too large. Fits no book-case.(2) Cover : overlaps at the side too much; crinkles uglily.(3) Cover design : amusing ; not good as permanent.(4) Margins of text: excellent.(5) Type : quite good.(6) Art contents : most interesting.(7) General matter : not interesting enough.(8) ' Lake ' rotten.(9) Editorial matter : between three stools.(10) On the whole : No—yes—no—yes—yes ?—no ? "This opinion from one of the English contributors to the first issue :" A week ago came your really superb Broom. It is superb. I congra- tulate you most heartily on it. Thank the Lord, you have no axe to grind. Iam very proud to have been associated with the first number. It is a sensuouspleasue to be printed on such paper. I don't remember a Review which keepsthe balance so even between the art and the letters. And there isn't a thingin Broom that the veriest adult couldn't understand. "But to prevent us from ffying too high (as high in fact as the daily Zeppelinwhich passes over our heads en route to Naples — it is called " Esperia " —" Goddes of Hope "), an esteemed collaborator brought in a concise letter froman artist in Paris :" First copy of Broom has arrived. It is terrible. You must shakethem (II faut que vous les secouez). "We have descended — and the "Esperia" continues on her way to Naples.One of our well-wishers in Minnehaha, Minnesota, writes that she has notas yet received the first copy, ordered and promised long ago. She concludes," I wait for it with ten horribly bitten finger nails. " The literary, painter and music folks have finally discovered our dug-out.So we have one of them per day into tea : a newly established custom. Notto put anybody first, except alphabetically, here are the ones so far : GriffinBarry, Vernon Bartlett, Alfredo Casella, Blaise Cendrars, Douglas Goldring,Edgar A. Mowrer, Mile, feihani, Arthur Sachen, Ardengo Soffici, Ottomar Starkeand the Ruthenian basso-profundo, Oblomov Uk. Among those who are tovisit us soon (so rumour or correspondence hath it )are : Conrad Aiken, MalcolmCowley, Marsden Hartley, Sinclair lyewis, Wyndham Lewis, John Rodker, RalphRoeder and a Dalmatian wood-carver whose name has escaped us. We shallbe opening a social register. To be reprinted in successive issues of Broom.This is one of the ways of getting into Broom.We have one pleasant item, at least, to impart to those of our friends whohave been courageous enough to subscribe so far. Each volume of Broomwill be composed of four successive issues. Only four ? But consider the thick- ness — we had almost said, density — of the four : 386 pages, without index.Well, those of our subscribers who wish to bind their first four copies as a vo- lume had better begin to let us know at once. We will be able to supply themwith a binding of Varese paper and three-quarter leather for the purpose — asample of which will appear in the next issue. The price per binding is threedollars. A complete index will go with the copertino. The price for the wholebook, i.e., the four issues and binding complete, is six dollars.It is our plan to change the cover design of each issue. Inadvertently, thisscheme was defeated in the case of our second issue. Broom ordered a newcover, and an artist accepted the proposal, and submitted a drawing which wasOkd. Unhappily, he decided to finish his wood-block in Prague, and al- though he mailed it to us in plenty of time for us to use it, the wood-block isstill missing.While we are 011 this pertinent theme, we want to ask artists everywhereto submit to us sketches of cover designs which might prove feasible to lead theband-wagon of a particular month. The sketches should be in two colors.And if possible, send us two or more sketches to choose from. Broom has noobjection against running the same artist more than once. Why was our second issue delayed in reaching America ? Without delv- ing into economics or politics, curious topics outside our present ken and pur- pose, let us try to explain. Just as that issue was on the eve of being realeasedfrom our printers, Italy's King had a birthday, and 75,000 Fascisti (unless thereport was exaggerated) decided to come to Rome from all points of the compassfor a conference. Unfortunately, a slight fracas (the details of which havenot been made clear to us) ensued at the terminal station, resulting in the deathof two Communists. Karl}7- the next morning, the eternal city was visited bylightning : the entire body of labour struck instantaneously, with the ultimatumthat not a single soul would return to the daily routine until the last of the Fa- scisti had departed. The city was paralyzed for days, and Broom along withit. After a return to normalcy, Broom Number Two was finally released,two weeks late for the long voyage home. We fervently hope that the faith- ful, meanwhile, have not consigned their brooms into ash bins, and now placetheir reliance on carpet-sweepers. Old fashioned implements have a hard timeof it in this up-to-the-minute age. But as art always lags behind or leaps aheadof the moment, too much must not be expected of a mere broom. LAST WISHES. John Gould Fletcher. Bury me not too deep,But dig for me a shallow grave,That I may hear men say : " The old plum tree by the wallHas started blooming. " SOME COMMENTS ON INITIAL ISSUE. NEW YORK TIMES: ' There can be no doubt about the potentialities ofBroom. Ti-ie Editors should be qualified, equally by inclination andability,to steer Broom aeong the more or less perilous path, that it proposes totread. Its first number sharpens the appetite for more of the same kind. 'CARE SANDBURG : ' The Broom is clean as an airplane propellor andlooks LIKE a room swept and garnished — WITH A couple of dirty corners.Whimsical, strong, a breath. I kick myself because I am not an Abou BenAdhem on its roll call and roster of the blessed. Sweep, Kid, sweep 'emclean .'VAN WYCK BROOKS IN THE FREEMAN : ' They have maintained anALMOST UNIFORMLY HIGH STANDARD IN THE CONTRIBUTIONS. AND A MAGAZINETHAT IS ABLE TO OBTAIN EXCELLENT WORK FROM WRITERS WHOSE WORK IS NOTALWAYS EXCELLENT HAS GREATER POWER IN RESERVE THAN ONE THAT DEPENDSONLY ON THE DEPENDABLE. IF THERE IS ANYTHING IN IT THAT PARTICULARLYPLEASES ME, IT IS THE NOTE OF CATHOLICITY AND INCLUSIVENESS. . . THIS EEAGUEOf Nations in Rome has already accomplished something creditable —WHICH IS MORE THAN CAN BE SAID FOR THE OTHER LEAGUE AT GENEVA. 'ROBERT FROST : ' You're the sweep, this is the Broom and I couldWISH THAT I HAD BEEN ONE OF THE SWEEPINGS. IT IS NOTHING ON THE BROOM NOTTO HAVE GATHERED ME IN. 'THE LITERARY REVIEW : ' The Review is thoroughly international,no less than thirteen different countries being represented in ti-ie firstISSUE. 'SINCLAIR EEWIS : ' I am very gi,ad to subscribe to Broom, and I en- close check. These are, I suppose, the practical words of praise whichARE THE MOST COMFORTING TO EDITORS. BROOM SEEMS TO ME, PROM ITS FIRSTNUMBER, NOT ONLY TO HAVE THE ORIGINALITY FOR WHICH WE HAD HOPED BUT ALSOA WORKMANLIKE SOLIDITY WHICH PROMISES THAT IT WILL GO ON, GROW, BE SIGNI- FICANT. I return to my first words, I ENCLOSE CHECK, and I hope thatA GOOD MANY THOUSANDS WILL ECHO THAT PARTICULAR PHRASE. '