Bruno's Weekly 1 12 October 7, MCMXV naaq_1915-10-07_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 1 12 Untitled Image Illustration 1 Geranium Wilfred Wilson Gibson cre 2 Greenwich Village Days of Tom Paine Charles Hemstreet cre 2-3 Thursday, Friday and Saturday in Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre 4 Cat and Girl By Clara Tice Illustration 4 Children's Hour on Washington Square 5 Passing Paris Muriel Ciolkowska cre 6-7 Books and Magazines of the Week 7-9 In Our Village 9-11 Tow Paine in the Village (Valentine's Manual, 1869.) Illustration 10 The Death of the Dauphin Alphonse Daudet cre 12-13 Music Peter Altenberg (Vienna cre 13-14 Potato Bugs' Eyes D. Molby cre 14 Clara Tice and Varna, by Herself Illustration 14 Sleep Michael Monahan cre 15 Greenwich Village The Romance of One Night Guido Bruno cre 16-17 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents October 7th, 1915 BRUNO'S WEEKLY Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square No. 12 OCTOBER 7th, MCMXV Vol.l Copyright 1915 hy Guido ffiruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY. Fiona BLitcrary New Yoikn) BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. Excerpt from a Letter to the "Egoist," London BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY, BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. (Concluded from last issue.) BRUNO'S WEEKLY. (Continued from last issue.) BRUNO'S WEEKLY. Bruno's Weekly, published weekly, by Charles Edison; Editedand written by Guido Bruno, 58 Washington Square, New YorkCity. Subscription $1 a year.Application for entry as second-class matter at the Post Office ofNew York pending. Geranium Wilfred Wilson Gibson Stuck in a bottle on the window sill,In the cold gas-light burning gaily redAgainst the luminous blue of London night,These flowers are mine: while somewhere out of sightIn some black-throated alley's stench and heat,Oblivious of the racket of the street,A poor old weary woman lies in bed.Broken with lust and drink, blear-eyed and ill,Her battered bonnet nodding on her head,From a dark arch she clutched my sleeve and said:"I've sold no bunch today, not touched a bite . . .Son, buy six-penn'orth; and 't will mean a bed"So, blazing gaily redAgainst the luminous deepsOf starless London night,They burn for my delight:While somewhere, sung in bed,A worn old woman sleeps.And yet tomorrow will these blooms be deadWith all their lively beauty; and tomorrowMay end the light lusts and the heavy sorrow. Greenwich Village Days of Tom Paine By Charles Hemstreet DEYOND the city, separated from it in summer by a mile ofmarshy and untitled land, in winter by a dreary wastewith a single road leading across a snow-bound way, lay thevillage of Greenwich. A dreamy little country place that hadbeen an Indian village before the settling of New Amsterdam;with lines of peaked-roof houses on zig-zagged lanes, and nowand again, in the midst of a farm-like garden, a rambling houseof stone, with great square windows and gables enough forhalf a dozen houses. The village might have been thousandsof miles away from New York for all the likeness it bore to it.On a dusty and rarely traveled lane, that led from the vil- lage towards the city, lived a man who had won the heartsof Americans by writing Common Sense, but who lived to reaptheir hatred by writing The Age of' Reason, a deistic argumentagainst Christianity. In the quiet village his house was pointed out as the abode of a friendless man and when they spoke ofhim the villagers whispered the dread name—Tom Paine.There he lived with Madame Bonville and her two sons, theonly companions he cared to have near him save his ownthoughts. In that picturesque spot he was fully content to passhis final days in solitude and marked contrast to a life of energyand excitement.It is close upon a century since that time, and the pilgrimfeet that seek to follow Paine through Greenwich Village mustwalk Bleecker Street (the dusty lane in much changed form),must pass Grove Street, and the fourth house from the corner,on the north side, walking towards the east, is Paine's. It washumble enough in the days when he lived there. It is farhumbler now in contrast to the buildings that have grown upabout it. A two-story frame house, the ground floor is madeinto a store, as though it made an effort to keep up with thebusiness character of the street. Two brick structures riseabove it on each side and seem to have forced the roof to afrightful angle, so different is it from its new neighbors. OnceJoel Barlow went to see Paine there, and the two spent almostan entire day beside a front window, talking of many things.Paine recalled troublous days of the French Revolution, whenhe had written his Age of Reason in the prison of the Luxem- bourg, and had given it to Barlow to find a publisher. Theauthor of the Columbiad often spoke of the visit later.The dusty road where the house stood, even though it waslittle traveled, came to be too noisy a place for Paine, for inhis illness even the chance passer-by irritated him. So hemoved away to a house in a near-by field, so far from the roadthat he found absolute quiet. In after days Grove Streetswept this home away, and another building, numbered 59, ispointed out as the place where Paine died shortly after hisremoval.The hatred of many people followed Tom Paine even afterdeath, and there could be no rest for an advocate of infidelopinions in a town where dwelt descendants of stern Hugenots.His body was taken to New Rochelle, and there, refused burialin hallowed ground, was finally laid to rest outside the town,in a corner of the farm given to him by the State in recognitionof his services in the cause of the colonies against the mothercountry. Ten years later, William Cobbett, the English Radical,an ardent admirer of Paine, visited New Rochelle, and, seeingthe neglected grave by the wayside, had the bones dug upone night and spirited away to England. In another twentyyears the followers of Tom Paine had grown in number, andthe Paine Historical Society erected a monument over theempty grave by the roadside. But on this spot, where no resthad been permitted him in life or in death, it seems rather tomock than to bless his grave. Thursday, Friday and Saturday in Char- les Edison's Little Thimble Theatre "GREENWICH VILLAGE," the comedy with music, in threeacts, will not see its first appearance before October 28th.An exceptional program was selected for this week's per- formance in Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre. Trueto its purpose to be a free forum for American composersand musicians, it will give two of the most promising composersand virtuosos, who ever came to the American shores with theintention to make it a permanent home, a chance to be heardbefore an audience. Gabriele Del Orbe and Xavier Dimarias deMendizabal, both Cubans, both musicians from their earliestyouth, who received their musical education under the mostefficient teachers of France and of Germany, and who haveboth devoted their lives to composing rather than to interpretingother masters' work.Mr. Orbe has a wonderful violin, which he seems to charmto life. There is only one other violin player who made hisinstrument impress me as deeply as did Mr. Orbe, and that wasKubelik, and he did not play his own compositions. Cubanmelodies, a picture of the languid but picturesque, seeminglysleepy and quiet life of his Southern home, with its momentaryoutbursts of emotion are the wonderful pastels with which hepainted one of his "Honolulu Compositions" which he will playon Thursday, Friday and Saturday in Charles Edison's LittleThimble Theatre.Xavier Dimarias de Mendizabal is a pianist—notwithstandinghis extreme youth—a man who has fulfilled a good many of theexpectations of his teachers and those of the Government ofSanto Domingo which granted him a stipendium in order toenable him to follow his musical inclination. Mr. Mendizabalwill play a few of his compositions on the piano.He is a fervent admirer of Beethoven, and interpretations ofBeethoven in addition to his own compositions and a "Waltz"by Ricardo Castro, will complete his program.Mab Rea, a little slip of a girl, will open the program with aselection of Japanese songs and melodies. Cat and GirlBy Clara Tice Children's Hour on Washington Square The balance of the toys given to the children of WashingtonSquare by their "Austrian friend" were distributed on last Wed- nesday, and many of the participants of Charles Edison's Chil- dren's Hour attended for the last time in this season. They are thelarger children who attend school and participate in the manualtraining work of Greenwich Village organizations, which takesplace on Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.But there are so many hundreds of small tots to be takencare of who are looking forward to these two hours of musicand dance and merriment, that the absence of the bigger oneswon't be felt. The number of social workers will have to beincreased on account of the steadily growing number ofchildren who come.That big Diamond Disc emanating its waltzes and marchesand trots and two-steps ceased long ago to be a strange"music box," to the horde of children on the Square. After allwas over on last Saturday, the last record played and theDiamond Disc securely wrapped up ready to be shipped backto the shop, a little girl came confidently up to it, petted theinstrument and repeated over and over again imploringly:"Please, Mr. Diamond Disc, won't you sing again?"And other children, bigger children, who thought theyknew better, teased her and laughed at her. "Foolish thing!don't you know it can't sing, if it is closed and nobody makesit sing?"And then followed a hot discussion and guesses and argu- ments how a phonograph possibly can "sing," and why it"sings." And the little girl that had started the discussionfelt quite badly and started to cry as the older ones tried toexplain to her that the Diamond Disc has no voice like sheherself or any other human being. Led by the hand of hermother, she left her playmates, but turned around severaltimes, making a face, screaming at the top of her voice:"Yes, he sings, he sings, he sings!"Charles Edison's Children' Hour is a source of merrimentfor all those who pass Washington Square on Wednesdayand Saturday afternoons. A good many women of the near- by apartment houses, themselves not blessed with children,but evidently lovers of little boys and little girls, are regularhabitues and they pick their favorites and they never comeempty-handed. Once it is a little doll, or a book, or best ofall: plain candy.Just a bit of music on a public Square, during four hoursof the week—and think of the merriment and the values addedto the lives of the few hundred little ones, and of a goodmany adults who otherwise wouldn't have a chance to seechildren at close range and associate with them freely!Charles Edison's Children's Hour will continue during thenext two months. Passing Paris Muriel Ciolkowska Paris, Sept. Ist, 1915. I ITTLE being published now, retrospective reading must beindulged in. And it yields fruits. In Servitude et Grand- eur Militaires, wherein Alfred de Vigny pleads the cause ofthe soldier—as he appealed for the protection of the poet inhis magnificently eloquent preface to Chatterton—he wrote andit was in 1835, the following lines which might have been writtento-day, when they find their complete application:" some foreigners have thought us fallen to a condition re- sembling that of the Ottoman Empire and serious men have askedthemselves whether the nation's character had not been lost for ever.But those who have taken a more careful view of us have recognizedthe male purpose surviving in us oyer and above what has been sodeplorably worn by sophism. Virile deeds have lost nothing inFrance of their ancient vigour. Resolution as prompt governssacrifices as significant and' complete as ever. Though elaboratedwith more coolness, battles are fought with scientific violence.smallest mental activity will give rise to deeds as great as were informer days incited by the most fervent faith. With us belief is weabut man is strong. . . . Be it from duty or whim, our contemporaryyouth is constantly defying death with a Spartan smile, which amue isthe more impressive since all do not believe in the gods.The selfishness of old people in their attitude towards thewar is a noticeable fact. Many rub their hands, as it were,thankful that they have been spared to attend so interestingan event. They are, even, moved in their pride rather thanin their sorrow when called upon to give their sons for thecountry—it is an ultimate sacrifice throwing lustre on theirlast days. Those who have been through 1870 proclaim (orthink) that it is this generation's turn to do what they didbefore. They expect it to avenge them.For the old have little to lose by it. The young, whoseaspirations are cut short, whose careers and very lives are mthe balance, whose patience is tried beyond the powers of theirimpetuous years, bear the whole weight of the war alone. Theold are but the onlookers; the young are the participators whohave to meet the cost as well as the labour of the spectacle.When we hear the young express their determination to keepthe match up to a conclusive end we must admire; from theold the same sentiment has its origin in grim blood-thirstiness.The former want justice; the latter vengeance.Writing in the Mercure for August 1, "Georges Pierredonsets right the gush the daily papers keep pouring forth withrespect to the French soldier. He refutes therein the absurdityof treating the French army of these days as though it werea homogeneous entity, admitting, however, that, like a greatmachine, "it takes amorphous beings, kneads them, shapes them,and here they are, transformed into heroes, wild maniacs, bronze- statues, navvies, carpenters, dray-horses. . . . But the materialremains mere materials; the organizing capacities of the com- manders give it its value and necessary form." This transformation is particularly rapid with the Frenchmanowing to his natural pliability. In an article in the same re- view entitled "The Errors of Might" Mme. Aurel endorses thisassertion:"Assuredly, all impeccable organization contains its folly since itforgets that it puts living beings into play, i.e. such whose spirit isnon-immobilizable. Is it not precisely from what needs mending,from our lack of foresight, that was born the stimulant, the cravingfor glory and its possibility? The Frenchman finds his muscle onlybefore the impossible. "Had he been told, as it was told the German: 'We are thestrongest, for our system is invincible,' he would have been deprivedot those resources of defiance wherein he puts his whole soul; on l'aurait ennuye d'avance." Books and Magazines of the Week Monahan's Real Elbert Hubbard Roycroft Memories is the offering of the October issue ofMichael Monahan's Phoenix. The real Elbert Hubbard, asknown to one of his intimate friends, is introduced to us inthat wonderful heart-winning way of Michael Monahan's."The career of Hubbard is one of the romances of ourtime and the dazzlement of it is still in our eyes, so thatwe cannot as yet justly measure Elbert Hubbard or his work.It is a stern romance, too, and one after the American heart;inspiring with its lesson of handicaps overcome and difficultiessurmounted of heroic reliance upon self, of many a hard- fought battle and not a few superb victories. I am utterlypersuaded that it owed little or nothing to accident." Poetry Prize Contest A friend of "Poetry" announces in THE TRIMMED LAMP,one of Chicago's individualistic magazines—and a mighty inter- esting one, too—his intention to give two prizes of $50 eachfor the two best lyrics by American authors to be submittedbefore December Ist, 1915.This prize contest is open to every reader and contributorof THE TRIMMED LAMP. The winning poems will be pub- lished in the January issue of that periodical. Will it be avers libre poet who wins the prize? Bookplate Prize Contest The Board of Governors of The American Bookplate Societyannounces that there will be held in New at the AveryLibrary of Columbia University, from January third to Januaryfifteen, 1916, inclusive, the first of a series of annual exhi- bitions of bookplates.The object of the Exhibition will be primarily to advancethe art of the modern bookplate. It will also serve, by asystem of awards, to provide new-comers in the field and pros- pective owners with something tangible with which to supple- ment their judgment in their choice of design, as well as tofurnish the means for a comprehensive study and review of thisparticular artistic endeavor.At the regular Annual Meeting of the Society, January eighth,the meeting as a whole will act as a jury in choosing: first,the most appropriate and artistic personal bookplate; second,the most appropriate and artistic public or institutional librarybookplate; and, third, the most appropriate and artistic portraitbookplate.Artists interested in this prize contest are invited to writefor further details to the editor of this paper, a member of theAmerican Book-plate Society.John Masefield, who has been for six months working inFrench hospitals, has gone to the Dardanelles, where he willhave charge of a picket boat to carry the Gallipoli woundedto hospitals.Asa Don Dickinson, of the editorial staff of Doubleday, Page&amp; Co., has been granted a year's leave of absence, which lie willdevote to the organization of the of the Universityof the Punjab and of other libraries in India. Otto Lohr's Magazine "IX7ALHALLA" is a new weekly. Its initial number appearedtoday. It is a German Weekly, and if it follows out1 theintentions laid down by its editor, it will be German-Ameri- can paper. Otto Lohr is its editor. He is chiefly a historian.His special study is German-American immigration, Germaninfluence upon America in its early days, German family historyin America. Several books published by him up to date laydown a fundamental knowledge of certain periods, which hasbeen missed so far in all histories of the United States. But heis not a dry professor, a master of theory. Everything he writesis pulsating with life, there is always that charm which con- nects in a mystic way the cow-webs of days gone by with thesunshine and the glory of today. His weekly is his own expression. The men he has gatheredaround him to help him in his task are university professors,scientists, all men well-known for their original ways of fol- lowing the special lines of historical work they have devotedthemselves to. There are, for instance, Dr. Karl Oscar Bert- ling, of the Berlin American Institute, Dr. Adolph Busse, pro- fessor at Hunter College, Dr. Julius Goebel, professor in theUniversity of Illinois, Dr. Karl Detlev Jessen, professor inBryn Mawr, Dr. Alfred Paul Schultz and Dr. Rudolph Tombo,of Adelphi College, N. Y.It is not what we do but what we are that counts in thisworld. "Walhalla" is Lohr's expression at the present time.But he himself is one of those rare characters whose heartsbeat warm for their fellow-men, of those whose enthusiasm ofearly years has crystalized to the clear realization of whatthey want to do in this world and who are doing it in a quiet, modest, unassuming way. He is one of those men who gatherknowledge which will be universal after they have given it onceto the world, and who don't desire more credit for their workthan just to have the pleasure of doing it. He writes equallyas good English as German and the pages of his magazineexhale that atmosphere which makes us at home immediately,the atmosphere oi the essayist of yore, of the man who knowshow to tell us things interestingly, even if we never would havethought that his subjects were interesting.Such a man is a born editor. He knows how to select justthose writers who are working towards the same goal. Hisselection impresses upon them a part of his individuality. Andno matter whose name is signed to the various articles inhis weekly, it is Otto Lohr who speaks to us out of every page.To start his magazine just at this time, in our midst, showsthe courage of his personal conviction. And right in our timesof excitement and of controversies we did need a sane and truejournal of the kind of the "Walhalla." In Our Village and yellow turned the leaves of our old wide-spreadingtrees. Mild autumn winds with their sad melancholymelody blew them from the branches, the brown clad guardsof Washington Square swept them in nice heaps and the oldwhite horse, known to every child of the neighborhood waitspatiently in front of its cart on sidewalks and lawns until ithears the familiar "go on." Slowly it moves on to the nextpile, as if it knew that it carries the once luscious green leavesto their last resting-place. The fountains are wrapped up withstraw, the benches deserted save in the afternoon sun—winteris coming. Like heroes stripped of their armor the trees lifttheir branches toward heaven. Little clouds passing quicklylike zealous couriers send their nicest winds with a messageof love and of hope down to them. And like the knight of yorereclined graciously and bowed slightly when his lady noddedtheir twigs sway to the welcome melody, their branches whisperthe message and their trunk resounds. Have you ever put yourear close to a tree and listened to the surr-surr and huiii-huiiiwhile it passes down to its roots deep under the ground? Ihave. I wish I knew the language of trees. It sounded socheery and confiding. "It is winter," it meant to me, "but notwinter in our hearts. What does it matter that we change ourclothes, what does it matter that the leaves—that the nice shadyleaves are gone? Beautiful white snow will cover us soon andits little crystals will glitter in the sun and spring will come . .. . . and they will bud again."And while nature retires to a quiet refreshing sleep, allthose who tried to rejuvenate themselves in the blooming strongnature during the summer months came back, back with newvigor, with new enthusiasm, with new plana. Like mushrooms,are new things coming up all around the Square, around that old white house which shelters my garret. And happily onlya very few have other intentions and plans than to work andgive of their work to the world. The "Little Shop" movement is quite in yogrue. As we learnedfrom our distinguished contemporary, the Tribune, Mrs. Thompsonopened last week a little shop of daintiness, just a few doors southof us in a quaint old shop on Thompson Street. There used to he a tailor in the same shop until recently, an old Italian of the old schoolof tailors. He used' to sit right before the door-window of his shop,the only place he could get light. And he sewed and sewed from earlyin the morning until late in the night. He had no machine, it meantstitching and stitching, endless stitching with needle and thread. Agood many patches did he put in our worn clothes, and he made it"look like new." In his bay window hung the rusty old cage of acanary. The canary was too old to sing. But when the sun peekedin the unwashed windows and touched his cage he must haveremembered the long-vanished glory of happy song. And he chiipedand peeped and we heard it in our garret through the open windowand we knew it was time to stop reading or pounding the machine,it was breakfast time.Mrs. Thompson hopes, as one can read in the Tribune of last Sunday*to make her shop the social centre of celebrities among writers anaartists. Everybody (the celebrities) are welcome to have teas serveddaily in the twilight hours. She has nice things there in her shop andamong them was described a little wonder of a bird-cage. Faintedby a celebrity. But nevertheless it is a cage. It will silence once anenthusiastic singer as well as the old1 rusty one did to the canary otthat good old tailor.The "Wardrobe" is a real work-shop. Mrs. Haynes is its sponsor,Mrs. Heloise Haynes, who knows all about antique furniture, who lovesJapanese prints and Chinese silks and prefers candles to the clearestelectric light, even be it in wonderful chandeliers or behind dreamsof painted screens. She has remodeled the first floor of 24 East TenthStreet, in a small auditorium with a stage. And here she will helpvillagers and others that come along to chose their clothes.for them colors they should wear and drape them to suit their individ- uality. No, it won't be an exclusive shop. Its prices will be withinthe range of everybody. And everyone will receive the same attention*But every transaction must be cash is the stern requirement ofMrs. Haynes' business venture.And then we have a black and white and orange store on NinthStreet where one can buy one's individual perfumes, toilet watersand soaps. Farther down is the individual cigarette of Mrs. Moloneyand the toy shop where they manufacture little masterpieces* rareplaythings for children.The Washington Square Gallery will soon reopen its doors andthere is the Washington Square Book Shop, where one can buy thepublications of all publishers without having to go up town. Life of alittle town is spreading through the Village. And what will it matterif many shall be disappointed when the first pleasure of new thingswill be worn off. Spring will come again and summer, they willexchange city streets for country roads and then in the fall theywill come back, full of hope and expectation and! of vigor and of energyto do some other things, still bigger things again.Djuna Barnes, the American Beardsley, laid aside her pencil for awhile and is doing some daily newspaper work on one of our citypapers. She moved down to the Square and does her dreaming andplanning in a quaint garret in that memorable old house whereJenny Lind used to stop during her visits to New York and wherefor the first time in America, "Home, Sweet Home" was sung.D. Molby, the writer of miniature essays on things otherwiseobserved only through a microscope, spent an eventful summer watch- ing potato bugs, mosquitoes, grasshoppers, flies and other unspeakable#and spends his evenings carefully arranging his precious material.Mr. Maurice Prendergast, the nestor of painters on the Square,returned from his summer home in Massachusetts. He is as kind andenthusiastic as ever, and the readers of this journal will soon have achance to see a little sketch of his on ome ot our pages.Clara Tice's peacocks, butterflies and girls are on exhibition inBruno's Garret and will be tacked to the walls until next Monday,October 11th. She is picturesque as ever but Varna, her Russian wolfhound is not her steady company. His nerves broke down and thehad to send him to the country to a sanitarium. Tow Paine in the Village (Valentine's Manual, 1869.) The Death of the Dauphin by Alphonse Daudet THE little Dauphin is ill; the little Dauphin is dying. Inall the churches of the kingdom the Holy Sacramentremains exposed night and day, and great tapers burn, forthe recovery of the royal child. The streets of the old capitalare sad and silent, the bells ring no more,; the carnagesslacken their pace. In the neighborhood of the palace thecurious townspeople gaze through the railings upon the beadleswith gilded pouches, who converse in the courts and put onimportant airs. ... , • «All the cast is a flutter. Chamberlains and majordomos runup and down the marble stairways. The galleries are full otpages and of coutiers in silken apparel, who hurry from onegroup to another, begging in low tones for news. Upon thewide perrons the maids of honor, in tears, exchange lowcourtesies and wipe their eyes with daintily-embroidered hand- kerchiefs. •A large assemblage of robed physicians has gathered in theOrangery. They can be seen through the panes waving theirlong black sleeves and including their periwigs with prof Se- ssional gestures. The governor and the equerry of the littleDauphin walk up and down before the door awaiting fh® de- cision of the Faculty. Scullions pass by without saluting them.The equerry swears like a pagan; the governor quotes versesfrom Horace. ~And meanwhile, over there, m the direction of the stable,is heard a long and plaintive neighing; it is the little Dau- phin's sorrel, forgotten by the hostlers, and calling sadiy be- fore his empty manger.And the King? Where is his Highness the King? TheKing has locked himself up in a room at the other end of t ecastle. Majesties do not like to be seen weeping, for theQueen, it is different. Sitting by the bedside of the littleDauphin, she bows her fair face, and sobs very loudly beforeeverybody, like a mere draper's wife. , . , !jtOn the bed embroidered with lace the little Dauphin, whiterthan the pillows on which he is extended, lies with closedeyes. They think that he is asleep; but no, the little Dauphinis not asleep. He turns towards his mother, and seeing hertheirs he asks •"Madame la Reine, why do you weep? Do you really be- lieve that I am going to die?"The Queen tries to answer. Sobs prevent her from speaking."Do not weep, Madame la Reine. You forget that I am theDauphin, and that Dauphins cannot die thus." .The Queen sobs more violently, and the little Dauphin beginsto get frightened. _ , . t „"Holloa!" says he,"I do not want Death to come and takeme away, and I know how to prevent him from coming here.Order up on the spot forty of the strongest lansquenets to keep guard around our bed! Have a hundred big cannons watchday and night, with lights under our windows! And woe toDeath if he dares to come near us."In order to humor the royal child, the Queen makes a sign.On the spot the great cannons are heard rolling in the courts,and forty tall lansquenets, with halberds in their fists, drawup around the room. They are all veterans, with grizzly mus- taches. The little Dauphin claps his hands on seeing them. Herecognizes one, and calls."Lorrain! Lorrainl"The veteran makes a step towards the bed."I love you well, my old Lorrain. Let me see your big sword.If Death wants to fetch me, you will kill him, won't you?"Lorrain answers":"Yes, Monseigneur."And two great tears roll down his tanned cheeks.At that moment the chaplain approaches the little Dauphin,and pointing to the crucifix, talks to him in low tones. _ Thelittle Dauphin listens with astonished air; then, suddenly inter- rupting him:"I understand well what you are saying, Monsieur l'Abbe;but still, couldn't my little friend Beppo die in my place, if Igave him plenty of money?"The chaplain continues to talk to him in_ low tones, andthe little Dauphin looks more and more astonished. When the chaplain has finished, the little Dauphin resumeswith a heavy sigh:"What you have said is all very sad, Monsieur l'Abbe; butone thing consoles me, and that is that up there, in the Paradise•of the stars, I shall still be the Dauphin. I know the goodGod is my cousin, and cannot fail to treat me according tomy rank."Then he adds, turning towards his mother:"Bring me my fairest clothes, my doublet of white ermine,and my pumps of velvet! I wish to look brave to the angels,and to enter Paradise in the dress of a Dauphin."A third time the chaplain bends over the little Dauphin,and talks to him in low tones. In the midst of his discoursethe royal child interrupts him angrily."Why, then," he cries, " to be Dauphin is nothing at all !"^And refusing to listen to anything more, the little Dauphinturns towards the wall and weeps bitterly. Music Peter Altenberg (Vienna) THE little girl was practising the piano.She was twelve years old and had wonderful soft eyes.He walked quietly up and down the room—up and down. Hestood still—and listened and was strangely moved.There were a couple of wonderful bars which kept on comingback.And the little girl brought out of them all that was in them.As though a child had suddenly become grown-up! "What is that you are playing?" said the man . . . .!"Why do you ask? That is my Albert study—Bertini No. 18;when I play it I can't help thinking of you.""Why. . . .?" "I don't know, it just is so."As though a child had suddenly become a woman!Again he walked gently up and down. . . .The little girl went on practising. Bertini No. 19, Bertini No.20. Bertini No. 21, 22, 23 ... . but the soul did not come backagain. .. Potato Bugs' Eyes By D. Molby 117 HERE there is a potato vine growing, the chances are there" will be a potato bug come and get on it. What placehe comes from and how he finds out that a potato vine is thereno one but the potato bug himself knows. If there are a lotmore of potato vines somewhere near, the explanation is easyfor it simply means that this bug didn't want to stay wherethere were so many other bugs and started out to find a vinefor himself. . , ...But take a potato vine that is growing alone somewhere, witha high board-fence around it—a vine that has sprung np ychance late in the year, and if it is a normal vine, there will be apotato bug on it. It is easy enough for the bug to find it afterhe gets to the fence, because he can walk along and peek throughbetween the boards until he sees the vine. .How he finds the fence is by He knows that he isa potato bug and when he gets hungry, intuition tells him thatthere is a potato vine somewhere around where he can get some- thing to eat. He starts out and looks for it until he finds it.There are enough bugs in the world so that wherever thereis a potato vine there can be a bug for it. And all the bugswhich don't find any vine die. This is a good thing, for a bugwhich can't find a vine isn't as good a bug as the one which can.In this way the best bugs each year are saved, and as they tur- nish all the stock for the next season, the bugs can get betteryear by year. ... Clara Tice and Varna,by Herself Sleep By Michael Monahan His great rival Thackeray was a few years younger when hepassed away in his sleep. The doctors found that every vitalorgan was worn out, and that he had died as quietly and with aslittle warning as a clock gives in running down. "I have takentoo many crops out of the brain," he-had said, foreseeing hisearly death. But the tale of lost or broken sleep was doubtlessthe chief cause.Great men of action are mostly good sleepers, and some verygreat ones have had the enviable capacity of sleeping at will,under all circumstances. We read that when the executionerswent in for the brave Argyl, in order to fetch him away to hisdeath, they found him sleeping as peacefully as a child. It iseasy to believe that Raleigh slept well on the night before hisunmerited death. If the gallant Essex waked often, be sure thatit was not from fear, but only because his heart was torn by theblack treachery of Francis Bacon. \Napoleon could sleep at will, but he began a long suicide whenhe ordered his secretaries to waken him on the receipt of illnews. But in no event would his devouring mental activity havelet him sleep long—the master was too conscious of his world!When, however, the need of rest became imperative, he yieldedto it without ceremony. We read of his dismissing a# crowd ofpetitionary German princes before they could open their mouths,with the cry, "Berthier, send these people away—l must sleepfifteen minutes!"Fate lurks in little things! Had Napoleon given himself sleepenough, or had he never risen in the night to read his des- patches, there might never have been a Waterloo, and hisdescendants might today be lodging at Versailles. _And a much better thing!—Ney would not have died the deathof a traitor at the hands of his own countrymen. Has Francelost the mould of such heroes ? In the Comte de Segur's accountof the Retreat from Moscow—the most thrilling narrative of thekind since Caesar's Commentaries—we read how this great- hearted soldier defended the retreat of the starving, frozen frag- ment of the finest army Europe ever saw. To me it seemsthe noblest story in the world, and if there ever were to be anexcuse for war, such heroism would furnish it. In that moststriking act of a great drama, I like nothing better than thepicture of the Marshall Ney—the bravest of the brave, as hewas justly called—guarding the huddled, perishing end of theGrande Armee from the constant attacks of the Russians;sharing all the privations and miseries of the common soldier;and between repulses of the enemy, wrapping himself in hiscloak and taking his rest calmly in the snow—a more trulyheroic figure than Napoleon at the head of the column. .Great and small, let us get our sleep. Greenwich Village The Romance of One Night By Guido Bruno Little fool! I despised myself for having thought in thisway of her. It was getting cold and I decided to walk fora while. I thought of myself. I thought of all that had hap- pened since I left the club. What did she say? We had aright to spend our money that we receive in fair exchange forour work?Why had I refused that offer? Why had I refused to executethe arch of the bridge? Because it was against my pride tocommercialize my art. Commercialize my art? I thought ofthe millions that perhaps would delight to look at it, and Ithought of the man whose name it would bear and to whosememory it was to be erected: and they told me that there wasa lot of more work in the future to be done for the public andto be paid for by the public. Of course, I had other plans forthe future. But was I justified to live a life such as I haddone until now? Just working at what I pleased to and when- ever I pleased to. Finding a Macaenas once in awhile andliiring regularly on credit. Wasn't my life very similar to thelife this strange girl had thrown overboard disgustedly to- night? After all, was it cowardice that prevented me fromputting my talent and my ability of execution to the disposalof the public as a fair exchange for my living expenses?I must have walked miles. I found myself in the neighbor- hood of my club. I dropped in. Nobody was in the library.Walking had made me hungry and I ordered a big breakfast.I was sitting long in a comfortable chair, thinking and dozing.It was almost seven o'clock as I left the building to go backto my apartment. I felt happy and gay as I hadn't felt for along while. I stopped in at a little lunch room on Sixth Avenuewhere I was known and had them put a twenty-five cent break- fast on a tray, cover it up with a napkin, and I carried itupstairs to my apartment. I rang my own bell and my guestopened. She wore one of my pa jama suits, my bathrobe and ablack veil over her face. She assured me she had slept as fineas never before in her life and was very, very hungry.I repaired to the bathroom and proposed to her to take break- fast while I was taking a morning plunge and changing myclothes.She really had eaten all that was on the plates. I felt splendid.The sun was shining through the high windows and the roomwith its old-fashioned furniture and the fireplace in front ofus looked real cozy to me."I was not as discreet," she said, "as you might have ex- pected me to be. I woke up early in the morning and navingnothing to dress in, I poked about your things. I know whoyou are and you are not a stranger to me. I know you fromthat marble statue you exhibited last year. A friend of my family who knows you, told us about your eccentricities. Is it truethat you refused to execute work that would have brought youthousands of dollars because you wouldn't commercialize yourart?I felt a bit uneasy and did not reply. The black veil on herface irritated me for the first time and I wondered what colorher eyes might be."First of all," she started again, "you must go out and buyme some clothes. I am a perfect thirty-eight, and it won't behard to get just what I want. Buy me a tailormade suit, theplainest you can get. Buy me a few shirtwaists, and here isa list of all the other things I need. I made that list out severaldays ago. Now don't be afraid. Go in a big department store.Go at first to the transfer department and have them give youa transfer slip. Then go to the trunk department and buy abig, heavy trunk. Tell the manager you wish all purchases youare going to make placed in this trunk and sent to your address.Do this, please, in your name. Tell them it is for the maid ofyour aunt, or something of that kind, and they will give youthe right kind of stuff."I realized for the first time that she really did know whatshe was about to do. It struck me as wonderful. The girlbrought up in luxury, had actually the grit to start a new life,really a new life. She wanted to improve the world and startedout by improving herself. It was Hercules work, planned forweeks ahead perhaps, down to the most minute detail.She handed me two hundred dollars and a long list of thingsI should purchase. Her hands seemed so strong and so sureI could not explain how it happened, what induced me to sayit but I believed it was the best bit of inspiration I had ever hadin my life."Look here," I said, "I see you really mean what you say. Ifeel you are going to do what you intend to do. I don't knowwhat vocation you like to follow, but I know one thing! thereis a lot of trouble and disappointment, humiliation and hardwork in store for you. I know you are prepared for the worst.Why not do it immediately? I think I know a way where youcould carry out your plans. Instead of giving to the worldone useful member of society you could bestow upon it thegift of two."Marry me! You will have all the troubles you have eve?looked for in your life. You will face economic problems younever dreamed of and still there will be plenty of time leftto be happy and to enjoy life—real life, far away from societyand from teas, and that sort of thing. Will you marry me?"and I could not restrain from grasping her hand."But you don't even know how I look," she said."I know you are beautiful," I said, "if you'll take off thatveil of yours, you'll prove it."(Concluded in next issue). Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, Situatedat No. 10 Fifth Avenue, Greenwich Village,N.Y.C.Guido Bruno, Manager.This Week's Performances and ConcertsTHURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAYEIGHT-FIFTEEN P. M.OVERTUREWilliam TellRossiniMAB REAAttitudeGoing to the FairJapanese DollGABRIELE DEL ORBE—Violin SoloFaust FantasieCaprice ViennoiseLiebesfreudAt the PianoBurgmuellerGurlittMilton E. SwiftPablo de SarasateFritz KreislerFritz KreislerCharlotte JamesAMERICAN SINGERS ON THE DIAMOND DISCSELECTION lll—Miss Elizabeth SpencerBabes in ToylandCavatina, Oh Robert, BelovedRobert le DiableEver of Thee I'm Fondly DreamingSilver Threads Among the GoldHerbertMeyerbeerHallDanksXAVIER DIMARIAS DE MENDIZABALWaltzHabareraFantasiaEXIT MARCHRichard CastroHis own compositionsChildren's Hour on the Square Wednesdayand Saturday at 2:30 P. M.Ask or write for ticket of admission to TheLittle Thimble Theatre performances. Theyare free of charge.