Bruno's Weekly 3 17 October 7th, MCMXVI naaq_1916-10-07_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 3 17 Jacoba Van Heereskerck Illustration 1 The contents include: 1 The Victor E. C. Beckwith cre 3 In Memory of Richard Middleton W. G. Blaikie Murdoch cre 3-4 The Book of Bargains II.—Original Sin Vincent O'Sullivan cre Mildred C. McGuckin cre 4-6 Drawing by Aubrey Beardsley Illustration 5 All The Days Martin Brown cre 6 O ! pritty cowe with crumfelt heme and hair as soft as filk, We thank thee for rich, cruddelt creame and sky-blue, water'd milk. From An Old English Chap Book Illustration 6 Murder Will Out! F. van Norstrand Groves cre 7 Two Things by Marianne Moore 7 New York Squares and New York Places 7 Untitled Image Illustration 7 She Called Herself A Flower Henry Phillips cre 7 Passing Paris Muriel Gielkovska cre 8 The Stranger 8 The Psalm of Life 8-9 Untitled Image Illustration 9 Bonaparte and the Fair Sex Alfred Ernest Keet cre 9 Two People The Romance of One Night Guido Bruno cre 10 To Oscar Wilde On receiving from him A book of his poems Edgar Fawcett cre 10 Boys and Girls By Florence Gough Illustration 11 Why and How I Got Married 13 Why I Married J.L. K cre 13 In a Restaurant Martin Brown cre 14 The Mad Hatter Has a Tea Party Every Afternoon Edith Unger cre 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 12 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 12 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 12 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 12 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 12 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 12 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 15 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 16 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRET ONWASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents October 7th 1916 Copyright by Guido Bruno, October 7th, 1916. Originalmatter, including all drawings, may not be reproduced with- out permission of Guido Bruno; but that permission maybe assumed if credit is given to author and Bruno's Weekly. One Hundred Dollars for theStory of Your MarriageBruno's Weekly will pay one hundred dollars for the best story settingforth why and how you were married.We don't want literary masterpieces or extraordinary stories of adven- ture. But there is a lot of romance and fragrance about those dayswhen you two met. You know you like to recall those times even ifeverything has changed since.Write down your story just as simply as it happened. We shall notuse your name if you do not wish us to do so.There is no better fiction than the one Fate writes upon the pages ofour lives. We know your story will be enjoyed by lots of others. Writeit down to-day and address it to the "Contest Editor/9 Bruno's Weekly,58 Washington Square, New York City.Every week those stories which are printed will be paid for at space rates.The contest will close November Ist, 1916, and the stories should be lim- ited to three hundred words.SEND YOUR STORY TO-DAY BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno In His Garret on Washington Square No. 17 OCTOBER 7th MCMXVI Vol. 11l Copyright 1916, by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY To be continued BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Concluded) BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Bruno's Weekly, Inc. Charles Edison, Pres.; Guido Bruno, Vice-Pres.;Walter L. Eckert, Sec. and Treas., at 58 Washington Squire, New York City. Edited and written by GuidoBruno. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of New York, N. Y., October 14th, 1915 under the Act of March«3rd, 1897. Jacoba Van Heereskerck The contents include:In Memory of Richard MiddletonBook of Bargains. II.—Original SinNew York Squares and PlacesPassing ParisBonaparte and the Fair Sex The Victor E. C. Beckwith pAME said to the Poet: "Though I know you not, striveto win me."$ "You shall be immortal," Hope told him, but Self-doubtand Discontent said: "You are a failure.""You suffer want," said Poverty."Give way to me," urged Despair."You are an idle fool," said his Friends."I have no need of you," sajd the World."You have broken me. Let me rest," pleaded his Soul."We are dying," his Dreams whispered."Grieve me no more," said his Heart."I leave you," said his Courage."I am helpless," said his Will."You have not tried me," said Oblivion.And one day when all these pressed too closely upon thepoor Poet, he wrote his masterpiece. In Memory of Richard Middleton By W. G. Blaikie Murdoch ALTHOUGH as yet, perhaps, he is little known in America,Richard Middleton has lately been hailed in England asreally great writer, alike of verse and of prose. He was aclerk in a London insurance office, contributing to variousperiodicals in his spare time; but hating business, herenounced it, intending to live by his pen. And, finding thisfar from easy, he endured some years of terrible privation,the result being that ultimately he took his own life, his ageat that time being only a little past thirty. Since then hisscattered writings have been collected and issued in bookform, the collection amounting to five little volumes. And,if the pathos attaching to the author's story is responsible,partly, for the ardour with which these posthumous booksof his have been welcomed, their avowed admirers includenumerous eminent men of letters: Mr. Arthur Machen, forinstance, and that fervent Shakespearian, Mr. Frank Harris,*Mr. Wilfred Gibson, too, himself a fine poet on occasion, hasadded his quota to the chorus of homage; while, turning toMr. Henry Savage's preface to Middleton's Poems and Songs,one finds it alleged concerning this verse: "There is that init beyond the reach of criticism." Mr. Savage even predictsimmortality for his idol, while referring in particular to thelatter's work as essayist and story-teller, he compares himfondly to Stevenson.And certainly the technical excellence of Middleton's out- put is dazzling. His prose contains many passages where the sense, one feels, could not possibly have been more deftlyand briefly expressed; while despite the actual quantity of hisverse being comparatively small, surely few men since PaulVerlaine have written so large a number of really beautifulpoems as he. For most poets, it must be remembered, failmuch oftener than they triumph; and the artistic levelmaintained, throughout the rank and file of their creations,is far from being a very high one. But open Middleton'spoetry at random, and a lofty beauty of wording and rhythmis nearly always found: it is as omnipresent as skilful musicis in Mendelsohn's work, or skilful painting in NicolasLancret's. Still, does not Middleton reflect Mendelssohn'smost serious failing? Does he not disclose, only too often,just that limitation which comes near vitiating all that Lancretdid? And his weakness in these respects, its precise natureto be unfolded presently, is emphasized by Mr. Savage when,eager to praise, he calls attention to the writer's similarityto two of his predecessors.It must be borne in mind that every immortal work of artis more than the lovely expression of an emotion: it is some- thing which exerts a sort of hypnotic spell, the artist makinghis audience actually experience the feeling which inspiredhim. Nor is the true master* one who just attains theorthodox beauties of craftsmanship, but who creates a newworld of his own, to reign over it as suverain. The verygreatest, of course, have derived much of their craft fromstudy of their predecessors; yet pondering even on thoselesser men who truly possessed genius, it transpires quicklythat the name of each of these is associated closely with somelittle kingdom which he holds in fee, the mere mention ofTeniers, for example, bringing to mind a certain type ofpainting, the mere mention of Charles Lamb, a certain speciesof literature. Now Lancret, notwithstanding his virtuosity,is always a mere regent to Watteau; while the slight original- ity which Mendelssohn showed in Athalie and MidsummerNight's Dream, proved insufficient to make him an overlordanywhere. And, in the same way, it can hardly be said thatMiddleton, writing invariably with such exceptional skill,excels in any given line; or that his name is ever likely tobecome, in the mind of the world, representative of so muchas a tiny duchy. It were foolhardy to charge him with slavishdiscipleship of other men, it were rash to contend that heever distilled his work deliberately from books; for all hiswriting appears to spring from a deep and genuine longingto express joys and sorrows he has actually gone through,and in many cases, no doubt, his resemblance to authors pre- dating him is merely a coincidence. However, this resemblanceis insistent, and the echoes of literature which Middletonawakens somehow dull the sound of his own voice, preventingwhat he says from overmastering the reader's heart and will.If his similarity, in a deal of his prose, to the two writersMr. Savage mentions, is fully as marked as Lancret'ssimilitude to Watteau, in his verse he sometimes reminds ofColeridge or Omar, sometimes of Tennyson, Rossetti, orSwinburne; while in "Nocturne" and "London Night" hecompetes to his disadvantage with Mr. Arthur Symons, and in"Drake's Drum" with Mr. Henry Newbolt. Often, moreover, when he vents a lusty paganism, he summons thoughts ofJohn Davidson; while many souvenirs of the Elizabethansare contained in his work, the following being a notableinstance:"And life it seems is but a fitful sleeping,And we but fretful shades that dreamed before,That love and are no more."Scarcely is that read ere one thinks of Shakespeare'spassage:"Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player,That struts and frets his hour upon the stage,And then is heard no more."Or again, reading Middleton's line:"We are too we are not wanted here,"it is well-nigh impossible to avoid recalling this by ErnestDowson:"Let us go hence: the night is now at hand.MAnd indeed of all poets it is Dowson—of whom Middleton,according to Mr. Harris who knew him, was a great devotee—in whose realm he treads most constantly, this verse servingwell as a further illustration of his practice herein: &amp;"Now, in this sombre and regretful place,Grey when the sun has crimsoned all the west,With sorrow like a mask upon my face,I lay my dreams to rest/'*But if, in these respects, Middleton discloses so unfortunatea weakenss, in another way he is eminently worthy of theenthusiastic praise which has been lavished on him; for es- pecially in his stories and prose-sketches, there is always thefine quality of significance, or allusiveness. To be moreexplicit, the characters in all vital fiction are more thanbrilliant pen-portraits, each of them being, rather, an emblemof some force, or longing, which is perennial in life; and togive a single example, is not Theodore, in Gautier's Mile, deMaupin, a symbol of the elements eternally constitutingyoung manhood? Well, something of that sort lives in thepages of Middleton, who is seldom a mere teller of tales,seldom a mere jester, his stories and humour having a realbearing, not just on life as it is to-day, but on life as it willalways be. And this quality in him, unmentioned as it hasbeen by his acknowledged worshippers, sets him ahead of agreat band of authors who are far better known than he—•men whose works, being redolent of their own particularperiod, will necessarily seem oldfashioned to future genera- tions; while granting once more that his voice is persistentlyreminiscent, may one not well emphasize again the beautyof nearly everything from his hand? as witness the follow- ing, chosen from an embarrassment of riches:"Love played with us beneath the laughing trees,We praised him for his eyes and silver skin,And for the little teeth that shone withinHis ruddy lips; the bracken touched his knees,Earth wrapped his body on her softest breeze,And through the hours that held no count of sinWe kept his court, until above our dinNight westward drove her glittering agonies. Oh! lovely days long dead! There falls on meIn this dim world I may not understandAn echo of your sweetness; in my handOne frail, sad rose inspires eternityWith dreams that are no more, and from the seaThat beats upon this grey, perplexed land,Blows rumours of some merry drunken bandThat keeps your revels still in Arcady!"How eloquent is that! How diverse the music of the words!while to repeat, open Middleton at random, and beauty asfine as in this peom, or finer still, is almost always to befound. The Book of Bargains II.—Original Sin By Vincent O'Sullivan Mildred C. McGuckin Drawing by Aubrey Beardsley "Sans cesse a mes cotes s'agite le Demon,II nage autour de moi comme un air impalpable;Je l'avale, et le sens qui brule mon poumonEt l'emplit d'un desir eternel et coupable."—Les Fleurs du Mai.WHEN Alphonse D'Aubert had laid down his book for thefifth time, having taken it up five times in his wrestlewith his thoughts, he decided that even UEnnemi des Loiscould not distract him, and so, at four o'clock in the morning,he went into the streets As he crossed the deserted Boule- vard, a little boy drew near with a plaintive cry: "ChariteMonsieur!" and Alphonse, who was almost morbidly good- natured, gave him an alms, and paused for a few minutes ofpleasant talk. When he fell to his walk again, he began toconsider, with a sort of sick wonder, why the child who livedin his mind to such fell purpose, could not become to himas this child he had just left: as all other children,— ex- quisite, helpless, piteous things, craving for love and pro- tection. Thus it was always with him: after his blackestnights he was ever in the morning at his penitentials: andwhen the dawn was creeping over the roots of the houses, heforgot how feverishly he had yearned in the darkness to presshis long fingers on the soft throat of a child.Whether Alphonse was in love with Madame Dantonel ornot, it may be said that she was the creature he cared mostfor on earth. Certainly, on her side, she looked for nothingmore tender than a friendship with this somewhat strangeyoung man, whom, in a way of motherly tenderness, sheregarded, with his bizarreries, his exclusiveness, his superiorsilences, as a rather terrible child, spoilt by his excellentfortune in the world. At her house in the Champs Elysees hefound himself most readily at his ease: and this fact led himby the hand to the opinion, that he was never in the leasthappy when he was not there. She was the widow of a manwho had been engaged with politics: Alphonse never troubledto inquire how engaged; only recognised the death of thepolitical person as a relief, and as a period to the slight em- barrassment with which he was wont to listen to the patrioics—an embarrassment which all forms of activity brought tohis contemplative and somewhat melancholy spirit. And afterthat, he was never so serene, so nearly joyous, as when hewas in the company of Madame Dantonel and the little Clo- tilde, her only child, who was now four years old.It was on a day when he was most delightful, when he wastaking life gaily, that? looking at the little girl as she playedon the floor, the stunning desire came to him to take her bythe throat and squeeze out her life. He took his leave inmanifest disturbance; and fled into the street. He was shak- ing with horror: of a truth he loved this child, next to its mother, supremely; and yet, amid his disgust, he could not/ stifle a lust to murder her,—a thrilling satisfaction, as hethought of the life ebbing from her face while he crushedher soft round thoat with his fingers. That was the first badnight of the many bad nights to come. On the followingafternoon he went to the house again, to try himself—to seehow he would "get on'; but within five minutes he departed,grinding his teeth and biting at his nails to keep down hispassion, which was driving him to rush back to the houseand slay the child before its mother's face. But after agashtly night of torture, and sweat, and weeping, he found"himself, in the morning, suddenly recovered! All his oldaffection for the child once more lived in his heart: the devil,it seemed, had been worsted: and it was in this glad con- dition that he lived for a few weeks. He had given Clotildemany presents before; but now he spent hours in the toy- shops, finding a certain piety in thus eagerly buying, as thoughhe were making good a case with his conscience. Ah, thosefew excellent days! How brilliant he was; how he dealt withthe sunshine; how airily he tossed a salute to the passengersin the street!But it was on a dreary afternoon, when the rain was whip- ping through the court-yard, as Alphonse stood talking lightlyto Madame Dantonel and the child, that he suddenly knewto be the slave of his old passion. Oh, to crush that satinthroat! He made one tremendous, straining effort, and sobeat himself; but the effort was too much for his physicalstrength, and he fell on the floor as if dead.When he began to get his senses, he found MadameDantonel bending over him with a look of sharp anxiety."Ah, my poor frieild!" she exclaimed, "but you have beenfcvery ill!""I have been ill, but now I am well," says Alphonse, in athick voice. "I am going away—far away from Paris.""Going away!" And when she got over her surprise: "Butwhy ?""Because I do no good here," he said, getting on his feet."Because I find my life too narrow. Igo to the cafe, I chat,I smoke cigarettes. Good. I dine, I go to the opera, to asoiree. My God!" he cries out, "do you call that a life?Please, my dearest friend, do not prevent me. I am goingaway."She took his hand very kindly. "Go, if you wish it," shesaid; "but remember that you have always two friends here.Is it not so, Clotilde?"Alphonse was taken with a hard shudder as he went out.He decided to go to England; with an ultimate thought,perhaps, of America. He crossed the channel in wintry andboisterous weather, and when he came to Dover he was wellcontent to lie there: postponing, gratefully enough, his arrivalat London till the next day. Tired with his tossing journey,he took to his bed early; and at once fell into the profoundsleep of fatigue, from which he awoke, about two o'clock,hot and trembling. The figure of the child was before himin the darkness of the room; the full throat, above all! wasapparent and particular. He rolled on the bed, and tore andbit the pillows: not before had he longed with this violentfrenzy to see the child stretched at his feet, looking solidlywhite and dead. Damp and shaking, he put on his clothesand went down to talk with the night-porter—a desperatechance under the best conditions; for a foreigner, hopeless!as he found. So he returned to his room, and opened hiswindows to the raining night. A strong salt wind was singing up channel; and Alphonse let it get into his hair and eyes,finding respite in this way, and a certain peace. Thus he spentthe night, till the dawn came to shew the gray, uneasy sea,and the gray sky. He departed, when morning had come, onboard the earliest packet-boat, and that evening he foundhimself again in Paris.Things having come to this point, you may ask fairly: Whydid he not turn to the obvious remedy—self-destruction?Yes! But upon reflection it does not seem so likely. Indeed,upon reflection it would appear, that when a man has adesire, a fierce lust to satisfy, he prefers, however the powersof his soul may rebel, to live for the gratification of thatdesire, that fierce lust. Be that as it will, the man I amwriting about did not contemplate suicide; did not, for amoment, glance along that road of escape. But he gave adainty supper, to " which he invited some of his maleacquaintance, and a few ladies of generous virtue. Theresat by him a superb creature, with gleaming shoulders andsnapping black eyes; and as the mirth grew more disordered,he laid his hand on her swelling throat and tried to tempthimself to kill her in the sight of te revellers. Any onerather than the child! But even as he thought it, the childfloated before his eyes; the remembrance of the strangesatiety he would feel when he had choked out her life, whichhe would not feel at all were he to kill this woman, causedhis hand to fall listlessly to his side; and pleading a suddendizziness, he left the merrymakers to themselves. So on the next afternoon, we find him once more repairingto the Champs-Elysees and the house of Madame Dantonel.He was feeling easier to-day; and he discovered at MadameDantoneFs, one visitor who helped to soothe his irritatednerves. This was an old military officer: and Alphonse foundhis cheerfulness and honest geniality of character verypleasant. He had sat for about twenty minutes, whenMadame Dantonel exclaimed:—"My poor little Clotilde! She has a cold, a slight sorethroat, and this is the time when the bonne goes down-stairs,so she will be quite alone. Forgive me if Igo to her."The time had come. "Permit me!" said Alphonse, on hisfeet in an instant. It was as though a stranger were talking:he could no more help the words than he could help breath:ing. "Pray do not deprive Monsieur of your company. Iwill go to Clothilde; it will delight me to see her, and I knowthe room quite well."He hardly waited for the murmured pleasure, but ran,trembling with eagerness, up the stairs. The little girl wasin bed playing with her doll, and she greeted him with asmile and a glad cry. He clenched his teeth, and squeezedand crushed her throat till the pretty tiny face became blackand swollen, and the poor little frame, after a shake and aquiver, lay quite still.As he came down, he heard Madame Dantonel say good- bye to the visitor, and the hush of her dress as she passedthrough the hall."Mon Dieu! how pale you look!" she cried, raising bothhands. "Is anything the matter with Clotilde?""Clotilde is very well," says Alphonse.. "But I think theroom was too hot for me, and I am going away now.""Really! so soon?" she said, genuinely sorry. And sheheld out her hand."No! please don't shake hands with me, I am not worthy!"cries Alphonse, with a wan smile, passing the matter off asa jest. "You will find Clotilde very well," he said again.The door closed behind him. As the mother went upstairsto her child, he took his way to a chymist's shop which heknew of in the neighborhood. C IXTEEN I think I was, that dayI met you on the sand,Pebbles were jewels for our playAnd life, just fairylandWatching the shadow-ships pass throughThe mists, you made me feelNew York, its spell, its harbor blue,Its pinnacles of steel.Dreaming of life's intensityThe long low dunes seemed grey,My loved beach lost its brilliancyAnd then, we went away.Shadowed by city walls, we knewLove that men dream about.Forgetting all, I lived for youKnowing no fear, no doubt,Life was complete for me, my allLay in my love for you;Man-lika you found our love-world smallYou wanted work to do;Innocently I let you go,Awaited your caress, ASought you in vain, how should I knowI must face emptiness?Your love had robbed me! I lay cold,Devoid of all desire,Flames that were sacred then I soldTo others who bought fire.Knowing my hunger, you sent gold,My price!—l knew not then;Cheat, was it not for one who soldHer life, her God, for men. All The Days Martin Brown A GRAY day—a gay day,A work, a shirk, a play day;A day of storm-clouds and of fears,A day of rain and hopeless tears,A mad, a sad, a glad day,A great, a good, a bad day—They're all alike—all good and blueIf to my heart one thought of youLike morning sun comes stealing inAnd glamours all-e3 ere it begin. O ! pritty cowe with crumfelt heme and hair as soft as filk,We thank thee for rich, cruddelt creame and sky-blue, water'd milk.From An Old English Chap Book Murder Will Out! F. van Norstrand Groves OF Bohemians there are two species: The Beaux-hemians,c'est t-a-dire such unripe fruit as float at large inorange and green smocks ('twould earn them the deathpenalty in Ireland, nothing less), shy at Barber Poles, wearCounterpane Shirts and burn Stink Pots that would offendthe olfactory nerves of even a Chinese river-pirate—andTHE 80-hemians (an abreviation of "Hobo-hemians," thewhich term is scarcely ever used in Polite Society)—•those poor devils we stumble over every now and then in TheSquare, rolled-up on a bench, asleep on a newspaper, orlifting their drawn, splotched and anaemic faces to Heavenin the horrible gape of distorted repose. The poor garmentsof these Worthy People will some day shine with a CelestialLight, their grimy hands will feel the Clasp of Another, Onein the middle of which there is a Great Scar. This Hand shallraise them frdm off the Threshold of Sorrow, shall lead themfrom out the Gates of Pain.Au lieu de burning the various brands of the concentratedevil odours of the Orient—they find this hardly necessary,as 'twere—they are forced to provide their own bad smells:that well-known aroma of the Great Unwashed!Their shirts—when they have any—are quite commonplaceand fiost usually dirty. They barber at intervals—like thehorse!These 80-hemians are a continual propitiatory offering tothe Great Author—lest the Hand smite their rivals Hip andThigh.What's the use of going farther into the matter? Younever can beat Heredity, nohow! Two Things by Marianne Moore Holes Bored in a Workbag by the Scissors A NEAT, round hole in the bank of the creekMeans a rat;That is to say, craft, industry, resourcefulness:WhileThese indicate the unfortunate, meekHabitatOf surgery thrust home to fabricate uselessVoids. Apropos of Mice CDME in, Rat, and eat with me;One must ocassionally—If one would rate the rat at his true worth—Practise catholicity.and a porkrindStock my house—good of their kindBut were they not, you would oblige me? IsPlenty, multiplicity? * New York Squares and New York Places IT is matter of mystery to most people, especially tostrangers from abroad, who have been tolerably wellinstructed in the meaning of English words—what is signifiedin this city by "squares" and "places." Some of our squareshave the merit of coming near enough to that appellation, tobe triangles, but, very few quadrangular squares have we toboast of, and i fthe truth must be acknowledged, our civictrigonometry should be but daintily touched upon. We are rather more than three-cornered in these matters, when wego to the luxury of angularity at all, and still more ridiculouswhen we "approach" is incontestibly three-cornered, and thesame must be said of "Franklin-square," unless the extracritical should cantend that both of them, like the "Dutch-'man's oath," has short corners enough to be called nine- sided. Good old "Hanover-square" is as far from thatmathematical figure, as the cocked hat of presbyterian?puritan. It has one more punctum than the celebrated "Five-Points." It is what is called in Connecticut, "catercornered"Union-square is an ellipsis, and the next corporation christen- ing will probably bestow the title of "Republican-square59upon a „]ocality" laid out in imitation of a quartered orange- peel. As to the "places" in New York, the least said is thesoonest mended. The very word "in that connexion" is"sickening enough to send for the doctor." Place, forsooth!What is there so astonishing in this apery of aristocracy thatshould lead people into the flippancy! Waverley-place, andSt. Mark's-place, and Carroll-place, and "Battery place," mayall be very good "places" for aught we know—some of themare certainly inhabited by very good people to our personalknowledge, but we should think they would grow a little sickof their designation, when they look at certain other where their ambitious concitoyens have dignified their grog- geries into "places" also. She Called Herself A Flower Henry Phillips Yesterday—I saw a flowerAnd longed to call it mine;To quaff its fragrance with my lips—To drink its perfumed wine!To-day—I plucked the flowerAnd drew it to my breastAnd felt its petals open wideAnd return each fond caress!'Tis Tomorrow!My flowerStands where I saw it first.But in my heart it left a wound—The stalk with thorn was curst! . Passing Paris Muriel Gielkovska Paris, September 16 1916.1 HAPPENED to read in some English newspaper theother day that the Germans are unable to laugh atthemselves. The person giving expression to that viewhad certainly never seen a German comic newspaper orelse had not understood it. No people in the world are,4 should say, so intrepidly selfflagellating. When do thereally laugh at themselves? When, even theFrench? If German humour is apt to wield the sledge- hammer it uses it certainly no more sparingly with itscompatriots than with others. In this respect Simplicis- simus of Munich holds the record for the plain reasonthat its irony reaches the maximum. A recent cartoontjherin coincides with one of my few visits to picture ex- hibitions since the war broke out. An invincible barrierhas separated France from Germany for two years, yet,artistically speaking, Munich succeeds in keeping intouch with Paris--and here let me at once point out acommonly propagated error (in this country) by well- meaning patriots (in peace time occasionally speltchauvins) that Paris had alloved itself to be Influencedby Munich. I think the opposite was very much more thecase but the mistake originated in this wise: In Parisare born ideas innumerable, conceived, maybe, from aninfinite variety of international sources, ideas so variousthat Paris cannot keep count of them. "French" art isan agglomeration of very different expressions, for Parisis ever in a state of evolution and revolution. From thesethe expert plagiarist makes his selection and, havingconveyed his samples home, where they undergo thatmetamorphosis inevitable through handling in a newmidst, Paris fails to recognize its own progeny on itsreappearance in the world, severed from its natural en- vironment and attributes.These remarks were provoked by a cartoon from arecent Simplicissimus which has come under my notice.The legend runs thus: "Modern Art": "You call that astill-life subject, do you—three slips of paper on adinner-cloth?" "Of cource, I do: one bread, one meat,and one butter card."This jest was composed at Munich but the picture was"'painted" and exhibited in Paris where I saw it at theGallerie des Independants, 52 Rue La Boetie, not twomonths ago, signed Picasso. In fact I saw several "pict- ures" of this description, pictures in so far as a framemakes a picture. Within the frame M. Picasso hadpinned different slips of plain or coloured paper on to acard-board ground and the number of this combinationcorresponded in the catalogue to a "dessin." A discipleof his had, to pins, preferred the glue-pot for the affixingof different elements such as the packings of grocerywares; as who should take one side of a "Quaker oats"box, paste it on te a board with the label of, say, a whiskybottle, frame the whole and call it a "nature-morte."Thus the leavings and parings ordinarily thrown into thedust-bin can become as valuable to the modern artist(especially considering the increase to which palettecolours have been subjected) as, it is said, they are incertain countries to the family cook. The devisers ofthese curiosities are respectively called Pierre Brune andFrank Burty. These facts are recorded in view of always adhering;strictly to the principle of recognizing as Caesar's whatis his. * * * *One of our most distinguished statesmen whom Ihappened to meet at this most interesting gallery (forbesides the inventions mentioned it comprises works ofmore exacting craftsmanship, in paint, stone, andbronze), has just had the sorrow of losing in battle oneof his sons to whom he had so successfully communicatedhis own enthusiasms that the following anecdote is toldof him : One day when out riding in the country with hisfather he pointed to an artist at work at an easel, saying,'Look, father, there is Cezanne/' "How do you knowit is Cezanne? asked his father, M.. Denys Cochin."Why, because he's painted a Cezanne," answered HenriCochin. ■From a letter to the "Egoist" The Stranger I WAS a stranger in that town,Where smiling overthrows the frown.I never joined that joyful meet,That played and lived upon the street;In Knickerbocker Town.I was unknown among this clan;A hermit in the haunts" of man;Who lived and fed on books galore,And missed what life was given for;In Knickerbocker Town.Answer my question. Tell me whyI let this boyhood chance go by?Those days are passed, Today I stand,Regretting that I missed this landThis Knickerbocker Town., The Psalm of Life I. AT the age of twenty-two he said to his father: "Yourgood advices are worthless. They never can suitme. They are saturated with mistrust against htimanity,they are full of disappointment. But I do believe inhumanity. If you made bad experiences, it is your ownfault, father! I know it and I feel it: there is only onething we can depend upon in this short life, upon thekindness of human nature. So you better save your goodadvices and let me work unmolested on that which youcall my own destruction!"He kissed his father, petted his cheek *and thought:"Poor, dear fether,— how embittered he is!"And then he went away tohis friends. II. AT the age of thirty-four he said to his wife: "Surely*** it is grieving that all my friends betrayed my con- fidence and got the better of me. Never would I havebelieved it of Alexander. I would have given my lastcent for him without hesitation and he deceived me fora farthing. But all this won't matter. Don't I have you?The love of a woman is the only thing in this undepend- able world one can depend upon. Let me kiss yourbeautiful blue eyes!"He petted her cheek and thought: "How rich I am!How unmeasurably rich." III. AT the age of forty-five years he spoke to his Frenchpoodle: "To-day is the third anniversary that shehas left us. And oh, what a dude was the man with whomshe eloped! She surely is very happy. How much haveI loved her, and there was nothing that I would'n havedone for her. But perfidy seems to be an essential inthe female nature. If I did not have you, my dear poodle,I would be all alone. Your true and sincere animals arethe only beings one can depend upon in this false world.I love you my little dogf'He petted the white poodle and gave him a piece ofsugar. IV. AT the age of fifty-three he looked meditating at themarble head of Apollo on his writing-desk andsaid: "Yesterday I saw him on the street. He, too, recog- nized me instantly and jumped up on me. But soon hefollowed his new master and left me behind. It wouldbe easy to claim him back, as he was stolen from me—but he loves his new master better than me. All thatthey tell about the fidelity of animals is a fairy tale. Onlyupon you, you lifeless things, can one depend. I wonderwho created you, you beautiful marble head? I wonderif he ever suffered as I did.He petted the cold marble and kissed it. V. AT the age of sixty-seven he died. It was of heartfailure. Among his possessions there was founda piece of paper with a few lines upon it. They read:"It is strange. lam starting to believe in humanity. Ifeel that I shall love humanity if there are still a fewmore years of wishless age in store for me. To-day I sawa child which—' In the middle of his sentence death hadsurprised him.Distant relatives divided among themselves the welcome inheritance. Only a small package was passed upby everybody and finally thrown away. It contained: oneout-lawed promissory n.ote, signed by one Alexander, un- known to everybody. \A woman's lock of hair, a dogcollar and the broken fragments of a marble figure.After the German of Karl Ettlinger, by Guido Bruno Bonaparte and the Fair Sex By Alfred Ernest Keet A CENTURY ago, Napoleon I, the "Child of Destiny"—ashe was fond calling himself—abdicated and wasexiled to the island of Ela; only however, in a few months toescape therefrom in the sloop "Inconstant"—a name irre- sistibly suggestive of Fortune, whose fickleness he had ex- perienced. Then, on June 18, 1815, came the crushing andfinal blow at Waterloo, and his exile to death at St. Helena.Now, after the lapse of a hundred years, and with his con- versations, diaries, and a mass of historical docements acces- sible, we can get some idea of his real character and per- sonality and come to a dispassionate judgment of Napoleonthe Man.Though born in Corsica, a land of fierce passions andvengeful vendettas, • the youthful Bonaparta was somewhatcold and austere. None the less he quickly obtained a leader- ship among his schoolmates, and his ambition to command,coupled with his irrepressible energy and singleness ofpurpose, led him to a military career, where his audacity andreckless courage soon won him renown, for he had the quali- ties of a born soldier. He rapidly became popular with thesoldiers, by whom he was soon to be idolized, earning hisnickname, "the Little Corporal," by his brilliant exploit onthe Bridge of Lodi, upon which he cooly stood though ex- posed to an incessant fire by the Austrians. He certainly hadthat brand of courage which he himself called the "2Vclock- in-the-morning sort."As he rapidly ascended the ladder of success his ambitionbecame unbounded, and atrophy of all his liner feelings re- sulted: the "Child of Destiny" became the man of iron, and,as he himself said, "My hand of iron was not at the extremityof my arm; it was immediately connected with my head."Sprung from the people, he inherited to an extraordinarydegree all their powers and instincts. He was the compositeof a long line, or class, representing brain—not aristocracy.It might even be said that he was the incarnation of KingDemos.He had a blind faith in his "star," and sacrificed every- thing to his mighty ambitions, his colossal egotism exercisingupon everyone a blighting effect. Of generous sentiments hehad none; he was unjust evon to his generals, and rode rough- shod over every obstacle to his personal aggrandizement.His fiat, There shall be no alps!'* gives the key to his charac- ter. before his mighty will even mountains must melt away."How! Impossible!" he impatiently exclaims, "that word isnot French." And, while he was, with brutal indifference,sweeping men from various official positions, filling thevacancies with ,new blood, he remarked: "I want more headand less talk."So, as his star became more and more in the ascendant,he more and more subordinated sentiment and affection tohis own selfish aims. His belief in his high destiny becameabsolute; he even because a fatalist. He refused to takemedicine prescribed for him by his doctor, saying: "Thatwhich is written is written. Our days are numbered." Butas a matter of fact he had no faith in physic; his invariableremedy for all ills was fasting and hot baths, in which hewould sometimes remain a couple of hours turning on thehot water from time to time until the room was dense vapor.Meantime his secretaries read to him, or received his dic- tation. Two People The Romance of One Night By Guido Bruno We talked nearly three hours. Of course she had takenoff her veil and she was the most beautiful thing I everhad laid my eyes upon. We decided to get married im- mediately after I had gotten some clothes for her. I didn'tintend to buy ajl the things on her list. She could do thatherself later on. We had just decided that the minister ofthe Twelfth Street Church should be called upon to performthe marriage ceremony, as the door-bell rang. I wonderedwho it could be. She went hastily into the other room andI opened.It was only the letter carrier. A lot of bills. I just lookedover the bunch. "Ha—what was that? the familiar hand- writing of an art dealer. I opened the envelope. It containeda check, eighty dollars payable to me. It wasn't much tostart housekeeping on but the situation was cleared. "Here,Nora, only the mail carrier," I called. Yes, she had told meher name, and her father's, a very well-sounding name, aname that spelled money in seven figures. "There are a fewformalities I wish you to do before we start our travelthrough life," I said, "first of all, put all the money and allthe jewelry you have with you in this big envelope. I'll sendit back to your father. I got a check here which will beenough for a starter. It won't be a wonderful dress I amgoing to bring you, but just a plain black dress your aunt'smaid might have worn," and I laughed. I wasn't afraid shewould change her mind and even if she wanted to, shecouldn't have left the apartment in a decollete evening gownat eleven o'clock in the morning.First of all I went to the minister and asked him to cometo my apartment at twelve-thirty. Then I got, at the CityHall, a marriage license. Then I went to a department store,bought a suit for twenty-eight dollars and fifty cents, anightgown, and some toilet articles I thought of immediatenecessity. I went to Tiffany's and bought the plainest andyellowest wedding ring they have. I am a master at matchingcolors and surely enough, the ring matched her hair. Therewas not time to have it engraved, it could be done later. Onmy way home, I stopped in a delicatessen store and ordered alot of things sent to my apartment. The suit fitted like madeto order. There was just one thing that I had overlooked. Icalled up the florist and had him send up the biggest bunchof violets in his store.Nora was carried away by the spirit of her undertaking.She had done her best to transform the picturesque roominto an orderly-looking library, or at least, it looked like oneafter it was strongly suggested to me. She had even putsome new coal in the grate and everything was ready for theminister. She seemed so happy, and she called me Jine, andit seemed as if we had known each other for years. Theminister arrived at twelve-thirty sharp. I went into the nextapartment and got a couple of witnesses. We were marriedinside of the next five minutes. I gave the tendollars and asked him if he wouldn't perform the office of anangel of peace and delivery. I told him about the jewelryand the several hundred dollars in the big envelope and askedhim to deliver it to my father-in-law, together with our sincerest regards and the invitation to take tea in our apart- ment at five o'clock. He agreed to help us to get rid of thevaluables and we were left alone.We set the table, took the delicatessen store delicacies outof their wrappers and ate our first meal. We made a lot ofplans for our future life and we were as happy as a coupleof children that play husband and wife. She liked my coffeebetter, she said, than any coffee she had ever drunk beforein her life. Father and mother-in-law arrived at five o'clocksharp. The dear old people didn't know how to act in Nora'snew residence. But he was the real father of his daughter.He was "game." She, of course, was a little harder tomanage, but we hoped the best as we dismissed them aboutseven o'clock. But both agreed that I did know how to makecoffee splendidly.We went out for a walk. Up Fifth Avenue, around UnionSquare with its wretched figures on the benches. On MadisonSquare we sent a long bed line of homeless men to a lodginghouse. We looked at the window displays of the shops onFifth Avenue and turned in on Thirty-fourth Street, passingthe corner where we had "met" yesterday. We stood stillfor a while and viewed the hustling crowds."What a drama!" I said to her. "Just look at all thesemen and all these women. They all have a goal. They allwant to reach a destination. And while they are on theirway, they act for us, the bystanders, a real play." Exactlylike yesterday did she thrust her arm in mine and guided methrough the crowd towards the quieter Sixth Avenue."Don't we have our goal, too, and our destinations?" 9heasked. "Didn't we start rather well our performance?"She pressed my arm and we walked home. To Oscar Wilde On receiving from himA book of his poems Edgar Fawcett YOUR volume like a Provence lute antiqueWed with a classic lyre were fitlier wrought,So richly opposite its theme and thought,Its art so Gothic and its aim so Greek.Till now we had deemed that one alone might seekFrom Poetry what you with victory sought—To blend those pure strains the Sicilian taughtWith Spencer's line, luxurious and unique.Nay, since your reverenced master dwells afarIt has been given your spirit, I am sure,To pass, deep-tranced by slumber's opiate sweets,High up some white stair sheer to some white star,And meet in its immortaKvestitureThe splendour that men mean when they name Keats! Fawcett tived for years in Greenwich VillageThis poem was rescued from an old copy of The Bookman.Rideing there refers to it as one of Fawcetfs finest frag- ments. Boys and GirlsBy Florence Gough Why and How I Got Married Many hundred stories, brief and lengthy accounts, arrive every week at the desk if our Centest Editor. Mostof them testify that marriage, even in our commonplace age, preserves its old romance and that to relate a story ofhow Grandfather took Grandmother urges the pen into hands not otherwise ambitious of literary achievement. Ahandful of these stories will be chosen every week for the perusal of our readers. Why I Married Mrs. J.L.K. WE was a chance acquaintance of Billy's. Majorie, Billyand I were standing in the lobby of the Astor when hepassed, perfunctorily greeted Billy, hesitated and thenstopped. As a matter of common courtesy Billy introducedus .... . and that was our introduction.Five months afterwards, hurrying down Fifth Avenue, Isuddenly found my hand being imprisoned and somebodysaying "I have tried and tried to find you since our meetingand just as I have almost given it up, you try to walk rightthrough me," and I looked up into "his" face. I was sur- prised at the enjoyment he seemed to get out of our meeting.Couldn't I spare a little time out of my "butterfly existence"to see him occasionally? His way of asking seemed so odd,and the fact that I was almost a little elated at having a manof his age express such plain interest in me, made me to say"Yes." The novelty of it all appealed to me. I was onlytwenty one and he was every bit of thirty eight.Each time that he asked me to see him, to talk, to walk,to lunch, he apologized for being so greedy, for taking mytime away from my young friends. He grew to be my con- fidant. It strengthened me to have such a marvelous con- fidant. He knew everything, my every thought almost, be- cause I told him. He knew as much about me as I knew,and divined more than I did. Nothing that I told him aboutmy newest love affair, about all my breathless little situations,seemed new to him. He simply gave me advice and stayedserious. I often wondered if he laughed inside, but even asI wondered what he thought of me, nothing could prevent mefrom talking, talking, and incidentally telling, telling every- thing. His complete understandability, without trying to drawme out, compelled me to not only tell him so much, but toconfide all my hearts closest theories and ideas, so that heknew me, as I said before, better than I did. But, the longerI knew him, the more I told him, and confieded nonsences, theolder he seemed to appear in my mind. I didn't like this.My married cousins were planning a party of six to spendthe holidays at Lake . The boy who was to be mycomrade at arms was unable, at the last minute, to go. Woe- fully I related it all to "him." Why couldn't he go? was hissolution. I thought he must be jesting, but it was arrangedand he went. I felt a peculiar sense of mysteriousness grow- ing upon me, a sort of elation, a sort of victory inside, athaving such a different sort of escort—"different" was theonly word that could express what I felt and meant.I felt quite at home in my uncle's great big house, wherewe stopped, and so it came about that long after everyonehad gone to bed I crept downstairs for the book I had beenreading in order to read the thirty minutes I usually didbefore going to sleep. I was dressed in the knee lengthgreen silk kimono embroidered in silver and pantaloons thatI always lounged in, in my own room, and wore heellessslippers. Noiselessly I crept downstairs and across the livingroom to the couch where my book lay open. I switched on the light and before I knew it, I was sitting cross legged on-Uncle 's best and favorite Oriental pillow, at the head1:of the couch, reading, reading,, reading. I spied a package- of cigarettes that some kind person had forgotten, lighted1,one and kept on reading and enjoying the cigarette in the dimlight o fthe big colored lamp on the table beside me. I liftedmy arms and stretched, touching the walls behind me and;watching the shadow of my kimono sleeved arms and handholding the cigarette on the wall beside me, when suddenly Irrealized that I was not alone. Inherently a coward, I didnot stir, until "he" spoke. "I have been watching you fromthe piazza where I have been stealing a goodnight smoke, forthe last twenty minutes. Your book must be fascinating entice you down here in the middle of the night," were thfrwords he used.He sat down at the other end of the couch facing me;Something automatic in the back of my brain told me that ofcourse I must go, but I simply stayed and sat across leggedand started to converse. I talked and talked and talked and*I remember being surprised that I did not know what I wa&amp;going to say, even while I was saying it, that I marvelledthat the thoughts that I was thinking, broken, dartingthoughts, made sense and sounded well when the words cameout of my mouth. I knew that I was talking low and tensely,a bit fiercely, but it seemed as though someone else wastalking and I listened to every word that I spoke asthough Ihad never heard or thought of it before. My voice seemedfar away and I wished that I could uncross my limbs becausethey were beginning to feel icy and my hands were of ice..When I stopped to consider the expression on "his" face, torealize that his eyes had not moved from mine from theminute he sat down, I wanted to laugh. I restrained myself,I was afraid to. I grew angry because my cigarette was;burnt down to the point where it was burning my fingers. Thecigarette was all burnt down, I tossed it away and stoppedtalking, just as if I had placed a crisp period after my lastsentence and I sighed, because I felt an infinite sense ofrelief when I stopped talking, like a very tired child. I wastired btu so wide awake, I make the slightest of gestures torise, because in a minute I would go upstairs but in*this minute, without warning, I found myself being crushed,I found my'self panting for breath under hotfierce lips, and'then I found myself smiling, when it was over, at his profuseapologies, at his pathetic discomfiture, almost fright at whathe had done. He frowned at my sardonic little smile he could not know that demure little übtterfly me had willed,willed, willed him to kiss me—just so—.He was sitting in the library the next morning, reading hisnewspaper, looking very haggard and stern. I meant to flitby quickly and flippantly say "Good morning." I carried outmy plans but when I reached the piazza I found him besideme, having followed me. He asked me to marry him. Lmarrid him. In a Restaurant Martin Brown DEAR little maid across the roomHave you a smile to sellFor a jewel perhaps or a glass of wineAnd no one will ever tell?No? Ten thousand pardons thenFor you it is just as well.Dear little maid with the sunlit eyesHave you a smile to giveTo a chap who's had nothing all day but the bluesAnd help the poor beggar to live?No? Are you sure you are right little girl,Is a smile so much to give?Dear little maid with the rose-leaf mouthHave you a smile to lend ?I'll be so tender it need never knowThat I'm not a most intimate friend.No? Well perhaps it is best, little girlFor both of us in the end. Edith Unger. The Mad Hatter Has a Tea Party Every Afternoonfrom 3 to 6 at250 WEST FOURTH STREETJust Down the Rabbit Hole From Washington Squ&amp;m"Take Some More Tea""I've Had Nothing Yet So I Can't Take More""You Mean You Can't Take Less, It's Very Easy toTake More Than Nothing." "Nobody Asked Your Opinion" OSCAR WILDEHIS LIFE AND CONFESSIONSBy FRANK HARRISFrank Harris (Publisher)3 Washington Square, New York City.Sir:—Enclosed please find $ , for which send to theundersigned copies of the autographed edition ($20.00 per set) ofOscar Wilde, by Frank Harris, ahd copies of the regular limited edition at$ 10.00 per set.Name ! A ddress ■ R. EDERHEIMER PRINT CABINET366 FIFTH AYE., NEW YORKOriginal Drawings by Old MastersALL APPRECIATIVE VISITORS CORDIALLY INVITED TO YOU, GENTLE READERKindly give your standing order for Bruno'sWeekly to your newsdealer, if you do notwish to send us directly a subscription. Thepresent paper prices are such that it disastrous for a magazine to print morecopies than are needed for its regular sub-scription circulation and for a supply ofunreturnable orders of news companies andmagazine agencies.Also we cannot supply you with back num-bers which you have missed on the news-stands.Therefore, if you like the contents ofBruno's Weekly, release your clutches frosta two-dollar bill and send in your checkto-day or give a standing order to your news-dealer. 14 Stories by Maupassant,For 25 cents postpaidStories of the Tragedy and Comedy of Life, withan Introduction by Paul Bourget. Prettily printed inlarge type on superior paper, with illustrations in colorby Clare Victor Dwiggins. 16mo, stiff dark greenpaper cover, rough edges. (196 pages.) New York,M. Walter Dunne, 1914. (Pub. 50 cents.)Comprises the following short stories: The FalseGems; Was it a Dream?; Simon's Paper; In the Moon-light; The Old Maid; The Lancer's Wife; The Sequelto a Divorce; The Englishwoman; Sentiment; TheFishermen; In his Sweetheart's Livery; Bertha; Dis-covery; and A Message of Love.CONDOR'S BOOK STORE366 Fifth Ave.Write for interesting catalogue of books. American Thumb PrintsMettle of Our Men and Women;Sketches of American Woman;This book was published by J. B. Lippincott Co., isbound in cloth, 55 cents postpaid.The Pleasures of Literature and theSolace of Books with introductionBy Andrew LangA choice book for the booklover and book-hunter.55 cents postpaid.FRANK BENDER, 128 Fourth Ave. MONSIEURD'EN BROCHETTEBeingAn Historical Account of Some of theAdventures of Huevos Pasada Par Agua,Marquis of Pollio Grille, Count of Patede Foie Gras, and Much Else Besides.BYBert Leston TaylorArthur Hamilton FolwellandJohn Kendrick BangsIllustrated by Frank A. NankivellNEW YORKMC M VKEPPLER &amp; SCHWARZMANN50 CENTS POSTPAIDHARRY STONE137 Fourth Ave. New York VOLUME HBRUNO'S WEEKLYBound in white linen clothTWO DOLLARS, postpaid ROSSI BROTHERS58 Washington SquareUnderneath the GarretICE CREAM AND TOBACCOFLORENCE GOUGHShows Smart Millinery for Grown Ups—MotherGoose's Millinery for Children and other uniquething's to wear.THE PAINT BOX150 W. 4th St., Near 6th Ave.N. Y. C. Phone Spring 23 •RARE BOOKSFIRST EDITIONSExtra illustrated Books. Early Printed Books. Association Books. Books for Christmas Gifts.. "&gt; ' \ |Purchased singly or in sets for people who have neither time nor opportunity to select for themselves,or for those who have not access to the best book marts. Why not begin collectmg now?Address, E. V. Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass. There can be no pleasanter place to hear that remarkableEdison Record Number (82536) thanTHE DIAMOND DISC SHOPAt Number 10 Fifth AvenueIn this store, at least, the delightful atmosphere of Old Greenwich Village has not been sacrificedon the altar of commercialismPhone: Stuyvesant 4570A postal will bring you, with our compliments,an interesting little biography of Mr. Thos. A.Edison. m-maV/iJ^TL\TiVZ^M*03\\■'tit'.nWwf -PO&gt;#Harrison Fisher: $7.50«P"&amp;&amp;.F=jtj-^fs -!&gt;• #«■ -c'~fUK.$6.00..&lt;^rT"-','-v• ■&gt;i-oP■W£3?Aa;ter Jor\ohJtu^dawe iifovse"' mjLitdMsSgtfoLSStfSSBsk*H&amp;T;il\XKasjfctel? '81;Birch: $12.00$5.00SIXTY THOUSAND ORIGINALDRAWINGS OF AMERICANILLUSTRATORSRose O'Neil, Opper, Harrison Fisher, Barton, CasselPughes, Hassmann, Crawford, and Many OtherAmerican and Foreign Illustrators Whose DrawingsHave Appeared in the Foremost American IllustratedMagazines from 1880 up to DateI HAVE purchased the original drawings andpaintings which you have seen reproduced onthe pages of Puck and other prominent periodicalsduring the last thirty-six years. They are a splendidcollection of the early work and of the best workof America's foremost artists. They show theevolution of the American comic paper from itsinfancy to its present standard as well as the in-dividual evolution of the artists. They are anunique kaleidoscope of the manifold inferests ofpublic opinion during the last two score years.There is the period where New York with its cease-less building underground, overground and qn thesurface was the target of constant banter. Thereare the political cartoons, a conclusive demonstra-tion why Cleveland or Roosevelt or Taft had to beelected and why Bryan and Roosevelt weredefeated.RARELY will there be an opportunity again topurchase these originals, welcome in the den,in the library of a private home, and appropriateon the walls of public libraries, of museums and ofpublic schools, at such low prices as I am offeringthem now. Many are priced as low as twenty-fivecents. Only a few are marked higher than tendollars.You are invited to call at my store and view thecollection leisurely or inquire about the work ofillustrators you like. I will gladly quote youpictures and prices.HARRY STONE,BOOKS and DRAWINGS137 FOURTH AVENUE, NEW YORKFor Three Dollars I will send you post-paid Ten Original Drawings of American Illustrators. Bruno Chap BooksJNo. No.1. The Harlot's House, by Oscar WildeThe first American reprint of one of themost wonderful poems of the author .252. Setting Hens, Frogs' Legs, by D. MolbyD. Molby, passes the white elephant un-remarked, but writes an essay on the mos-quito's neck and the rhythm of his little wingsbefore he stings and annoys 253. Mushrooms, by Alfred KreymborgMr. Kreymborg's Mushrooms are recognizedpoetry. The Mushroom stands for a simpleexpression of thought in simple musicalrhythm. Mr. Kreymborg is one man whospeaks to his fellow-men—just to the one whomight find in four or six simple lines ofrhythm the revelation of the rhythm and theharmony of his own simple life... .504. Tahiti, by Robert Carlton Brown .255. Four Letters, by Oscar Wilde .256. Anarchists, by Guido Bruno .257. To My Mother, by Alfred Kreymborg .258. Vignettes, by Hubert CrackanthorpeMr. Crackanthorpe had three thief gifts:skill in dramatic narration—a sense of sit-uation, a lively feeling for the value of inter-pretation of gesture, posture, circumstance;secondly, analytic skill in the conception andpresentation of character; thirdly, descriptiveand pictorial power, readiness of vision, witha faculty ef sifting and selecting its reports.Lionel Johnson, in Acad., March 20, 1897 509. Tanka and Haika, by Sadakichi HartmannThe son of a German father and a Japa-nese mother, of a burgomaster's son fromMecklenburg, the only European state with-out a Constitution, and the daughter of aronin, a robing soldier of Old Japan. Sada-kichi is much more Japanese than German.His style is extravagant but suave. Some ofhis short stories are as excessive tfid intenseas Poe's on strictly realistic lines. Tke utmostbounds of expression are reached, even hisoriginality is aggressive 2510. Richard Wagner, the Egoist, by Guido Bruno .2511. Edna the Girl of the Street, by AlfredKreymborg .25Cause: our social conditions.Motive: just to live.Problem: eternal.Solution: none 2512. Songs of the Cosmos, by Charles KeelerLike the weaver of wonderful brocades, heselected thread after thread and up loomedthose wonderful pictures before my eyes,creations of simple words, dipped in red blood,tinted by the golden sun, formed and shapedby hands who know the labors and pains ofmillions scented with good-will towards every-body and emitted with pure love 2513. Teaspoons and Violet Leaves, by Guido Bruno $1.0014. The Tragedy in the Birdhouse, by Guido Bruno .5015. Exotics, by John W. DraperIt lay a luscious yellow bandCreaming upon umbrageous greenThe spray was satin to the hand;And to the eye a topaz bright,And dazzling as the noonday sand.From"The Yellow Orchid" .2516. Imagists, by Richard AldingtonOne of the original group of the EnglishImagists tells about Imagism and its aims.This paper deals a severe blow to all imita-&lt;4, tors and producers of vers libre who think %themselves poets of the "new group" becausethey don't write in rhyme 2517. Lord Alfred Douglas—Salome: A Critique,the Beauty of Unpunctuality: an Essay andThree PoemsThere was a time when Lord Alfred Douglaswould have laughed at the idea that he wouldwrite a book explaining away his friendshipwith Oscar Wilde. As editor of "The SpiritLamp," a magazine published by JamesThornton, High Street, Oxford, and edited byLord Alfred Douglas, he seemed to be adiligent imitator of his friend Oscar. Heimitated his style in prose and in poetry.Whenever he received a contribution fromOscar Wilde it was the main and leadingfeature of the issue 2518. Sadakichi Hartmann—Permanent Peace: Is ita Dream?19. Charles Kains-Jackson—John Addington Sy-monds A PortraitThe life-long friend of the English poetgives a vivid picture of the personality andlife and life-work of Symonds. This essaywritten a few days after the death of Sy-monds, on the 19th of April, 1893, and wasfirst published in the Quarto, a since forgottenliterary periodical of England, in 1897 2520. Djuna Barnes—The Book of Repulsive Wo-men—Rhythms and 5 Drawings 2521. Edna W. Underwood—The Book of the WhitePeacocks22. H. Thompson Rich — Lumps of Clay—l 6Rhythms 25&gt;,23. D. Molby — Hippopotamus Tails —28 Every-day Musings . .2524. H.Thompson Rich—The Red Shame—17 WarPoems 2525. Theodor Schroeder, Erothogenesis of Reli-gion, a bibliography 5026. Sadakichi Hartmann, My Rubayat 50Accompany each order with Cheque, small amounts, one-cent stampsBRUNO'S WEEKLY58 WASHINGTON SQUARE, N. Y. C.