The mask 13 1 January 1927 naau_1927-01_01 The mask 13 1 Untitled Image Illustration 1 THE ACCADEM1A DEGLI 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRATION. 2 Mr. GORDON CRAIG. A Recent Portrait taken in the garden of his Villa at Genova, Italy. Plate 1. Illustration 4 ESSENTIALS. J. S cre 5-6 THE ACCADEMIA DEGLI INDIFFERENTI CHI LO SA cre 7-10 POETRY IN DRAMA WILLIAM POEL cre 11-13 PALAZZO CAVALLI, VENEZIA. Illustration 13 VENEZIA AND ITS FOOLISH COLLABORATION OF POET, MUSICIAN, ARCHITECT AND SCENOGRAPHER. A C cre 13 BEN JONSON: INIGO JONES: INVENTORS. PAUL McPHARLIN cre 14-17; 19-20 THE BANQUETING HOUSE. WHITE HALL. A cut by PAUL McPHARLIN. This Banqueting House, built by Inigo Jones in 1619, was the only part of his design for a huge new palace that was completed, and which escaped a fire in 1698 that destroyed the older section. The Masque of January 1622, was the first of many given in the hall that occupies the upper story. The accoufits of the Treasurer of the Chamber specify, " the upper story [rs by no by] 55 feet in height, to the laying on of the roof... with 14 windows on each side [that is 14 divided by two sides] and one great window at the upper end... with a gallery upon the two sides Illustration 14 THE COMEDIANS. From "Iets Poor Allen, Zynde een Verhandeling E.n Verbeelding van allerhande, Stan den, Studien, Konsten, Wetenschappen, Handwerken enz ; Door den berugten Peter Abraham van St, Clara. In't Nederduyts overgebragt Door J.le Long. t'Amsteldam, 1719. Plate 2. Illustration 17 Untitled Image Illustration 20 ARTHUR SYMONS. 21-23 Untitled Image Illustration 23 ENTHUSIASM IN THREE THEATRES. J. B cre 23 Untitled Image Illustration 23 OPERA REGISTER. FROM 1712 TO 1734. (FRANCIS COLMAN) THE FATHER OF GEORGE COLMAN, (THE ELDER) BRITISH CONSOL ATLEGHORN cre 24-27; 29-30; 33 A PERFORMANCE WITH MUSIC in some unknown Theatre in Italy. From a Painting by G. P. Pannini (1694-1765). Plate 3. Illustration 27 Untitled Image Illustration 33 THE TEATRO IN MACERATA 1665-1765. 31 Plate 4. Illustration 31 IBSEN'S "PRETENDERS" AT THE ROYAL THEATRE COPENHAGEN AN INTERVIEW WITH MR. GORDON CRAIG ON THE RECENT FESTIVAL PERFORMANCE. Conrad Tower cre 34-37; 39 A DESIGN FOR A STAGE SCENE. By Gordon Craig. Plate 5. Illustration 37 A PERFORMANCE WITH MUSIC. A. C cre 39 THOSE W-HO HUG THEIR WEALTH. 39 Untitled Image Illustration 39 BLUSHING IN THE LIME LIGHT HENRY PHIPS cre 40-41 Untitled Image Illustration 41 ON THE MEMOIRS OF ACTRESSES. J. S cre 41-42 DISCOVERY AFTER FOURTEEN YEARS. AMALGAMATED DELIRIUM. J. B cre 42-43 THEATRE TALKS AND A LITTLE BACK CHAT MR. GORDON CRAIG cre 44-45 Untitled Image Illustration 45 D ear Semar: E. G. C cre 44 FROM THE " GLASGOW NEWS 44 THE CAT UP THE TREE 44 o DISCIPLINE IN THE THEATRE o 44-45 MR COOK'S METHOD 45 ARTISTS IN GORDON CRAIG cre 45 Shortage of space prevents a full consideration of 45 AN ADDITION AL WORD. E. G. C cre 45 BOOK REVIEWS. 46-49 FROM "BRANT'S SHIP OF FOOLS". 1347. Illustration 46 A CHAPTER IN THE EARLY 46-47 THE SCIENCE OF PL AY 47 THE ROMANCE OF THE 47 ANTOINE AND THE 47-48 MORE FABLES OF LA 48-49 "THE MERCHANT OF VENICE" 49 OLD DUMAS. 49-56 View of the Théâtre Historique built 1847 by Architects de Dreux and Sechan for Alexandre Dumas. Illustration 49 A NEW EDITION of Dumas s 49-50 "ADOLPHE " by Benjamin 50 THE AMERICAN BALLET by 50 THESE PLAYERS. A Diary of 50-51 STORIES AND DRAMAS: 51 SIDE-WALK STUDIES by Austin 51 THE LIFE OF BENVENUTO 52 THE DECAMERON from the 52 A SHORT ITALIAN 52 WILLIAM BLAKE by Oslerl 52 DIE THE A TERDEKORA TION 52-53 THE DRAMATIC INDEX FOR 53 ROME PAST AND PRESENT 53 THE RECRUITING OFFICER. A 54 MONTEVERDI HIS LIFE AND 54-55 DRAMA, by Ashley Dalies. Williams &amp; Norgate Ltd. Price 1/- net cloth. E. G. C cre 55 DAUMIER UND DAS 55 THE MUMMY, A Handbook of 55-56 / 6 TO 20. by Robin Douglas. A• 56 SONNETS VERSES by Enid 56 THE LITTLE ROOM by Guy 56 THE OLD BRIDGE by William 56 EDITORIAL NOTES. 56-57 Untitled Image Illustration 56 MIRACLE. 56-57 HOW TO BRING GRIMALDI, KEAN, 56-57 FOOLING THE PUBLIC. 57 MISAPPREHENSIONS. 57 SOME SMUGNESS. 57 HOW MUCH ENCHANTMENT 57 THE EGG OF COLUMBUS. 57 OUR 1 927 VOLUME. 57 "TRULY, MY SATAN, THOU ART BUT A DUNCE...." W. B. W. B. 1784 cre 58 ASLEEP OR AWAKE? 58 Untitled Image Illustration 58 Untitled Image Illustration 58 LONDON REALISM. 58 Untitled Image Illustration 58 AN ATOM OF TIME. 58 Untitled Image Illustration 58 THE MASK VOLUME TWELVE BISNUMBER ONEJANUARY19 2 7 mirrmirmrmmT'r* —ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION EDITION DE LUXETEN SHILLINGS iltpRSCEm TWENTY SHILLINGS(POST FREE) %J|;R (P0ST FREE) j|'' jTWO &amp; A HALF DOLLARS ©PY/i FIVE DOLLARSFOR AMERICA FOR AMERICAADDRESS: BOX 444. FLORENCE. ITALY. THE MASK. JANUARY 1927 NOTICE TO CON7 R1BUTORS. The Editor is always glad to consider articles and illustrations fromexperts in theatre history and arts which result from special research or personal experience. Where stampedand addressed envelopes are included, every effort will be made to return in due course rejected contributions :but in no circumstances can he hold himself responsible for safe custody or return. All articles should betypewritten.Address: The Editor : " The Mask Box 444, Florence, Italy. THE MASK1927 The Mask1908 1927 THE MASK1927 THE MASK1927 THE MASK1927 THE MASK1927 All Rights reserved. January 1927.Direttore responsabile Antonio Maraini.Tipografia Firenze. THE ACCADEM1A DEGLI INDIFFE- RENTI: A Record of Some Experiences by Chi lo sa. POETRY IN DRAMA, and the Impression made upon the Audience by Sound in Verse, by William Poel. BEN JONSON, INIGO JONES, INVEN- IORS, by Paul McPharlin. I J HPHE CONCLUSION OF THE OPERA JL REGISTER, 1712-1734, kept by Francis Colman, and now printed for the first time. IBSEN'S " PRETENDERS "AS PRODUCEDAT THE ROYAL THEATRE, COPENHA- GEN. An Interview with Mr. Gordon Craig.BLUSHING IN THE LIMELIGHT, A NOTEon how the great and less-great take their" Calls by Henry Phips.ON THE MEMOIRS OF ACTRESSES:And some Reflections on the best methodsfor the emotional Actress to adopt, by J. S.A SURPRISE FOR M. DIAGHILEFF:Being news of a Discovery made fourteenyears behind the Hime, by J. B. LITERARY CONTENTS. ESSENTIALS J. S Page 1THE ACCADEMIA DEGLI INDIFFERENT! . . . Chi lo sa 3POETRY IN DRAMA William Poel 7VENEZIA AND ITS FOOLISH COLLABORATION ofPoet, Musician, Architect, and Scenographer A. C. . 9BEN JONSON: 1NIGO JONES: INVENTORS . . Paul McPharlin. . . . .10ARTHUR SYMONS. ....... The Producer of Acis &amp; Galatea, 1901. 15ENTHUSIASM IN THREE THEATRES.... J. B 17OPERA REGISTER 1712-1734 (concluded) . ; . Francis Colman , . . . .18IBSEN'S " PRETENDERS " AT COPENHAGEN . . Conrad Tower . . . .24BLUSHING IN THE LIMELIGHT . . .f . . Henry Phips 28ON THE MEMOIRS OF ACTRESSES .... J. S 29DISCOVERY AFTER FOURTEEN YEARS . . . J. B. 30THEATRE TALKS, and a Little Back Chat by Mr. GordonCraig. ......... Editor &amp; E. G. C. . . . .32BOOK REVIEWS. EDITORIAL NOTES. ILLUSTRATION. MR. GORDON CRAIG. A recent Photograph. ....... Plate 1, Face 1THE COiMEDIANS . From a Dutch Print, 1719 n 2, " 12A PERFORMANCE WITH MUSIC G. P. Pannini . . " 3, I 20THE TEATRO IN MACERATA Anon.... n 4, « 22DESIGN FOR A STAGE SCENE Gordon Craig . . n 5, n 26PALAZZO CAVALLI, Venezia ..... Anon ...... 9THE BANQUETING HOUSE, WHITEHALL, A cut . Paul McPharlin . . . . .10AN OLD DESIGN . . . . . . . . Brant's " Ship of Fools . . .34THE THEATRE HISTORIQUE PARIS . . . . Designed by Architects de Dreux &amp; Sechan 37Head and Tail Pieces from old and modern Designs. Mr. GORDON CRAIG.A Recent Portrait taken in the garden of his Villa at Genova, Italy. Plate 1. ESSENTIALS. J. S. IT is not only in our Theatre world that men quarrelabout a lot of unimportant unessentials while forgettingto unite to remedy the essential.How long did the fight for and against footlightsgo on — how long was our world divided on the sil- ly little subject " To make up or not to make up " ? on theyet sillier themes " Scenery or no scenery " ? and " DoesShakespeare spell ruin " ?These herrings are poor sport by the side of the realfox. Why not combine and give the fox a run for a change.THERE are some things on which we have to agreeand since it should be as easy as breathing let us getat them.T70R example, Courtesy in the How are wegoing to advance until we go back to the old courtesy ? WE know that it is this lack of courtesy which is keeping someof the best brains of the Theatre off the stage. These men whoknow more and can do more on a stage in a day than the pushfulelbowers can know or do in a month, naturally do not come into aTheatre where Smith the mechanic (who is generally very courteous,by the way) and Hash the chief actor are a couple of boors, or, ifnot boors, are sensitive fools whose feelings must not be offended. Tocall a fool a fool is the most courteous thing we can think of, ....itgives him an opportunity of showing us that we too can be wrong.It is not any fastidious effete courtesy we ask to see revived butsomething of the grand old manners of the best times.First of all — respect for brains ; secondly — respect for charac- ter ; thirdly — respect for the ability of the genuine craftsman.What is the very essence of discourtesy is silent mutiny — illwill —; such folk are sick and need rousing up. They are in astate of revolt; not against the stupidity of their Theatre (that's healthyenough) but against the best things. It is due perhaps to ignorance,but whatever it be due to it is the worst evil in the Theatrical world.While it broods and smoulders on, our English stage cannot do any- thing like its best. This discourteous sickness explodes not in the thea- tre, it leaks out in the clubs ; some journalists are subject to its fumesand are asphixiated by them. Actors and actresses have the habit ofcackling — not merely their own grievances find an outlet ; they evenchampion the grievances of their fellows.Now there are no real grievances: there is nothing for any singleman to complain of, nor for any group either. Every man has hiswages — can eat, drink, smoke, dress well, and succeed if he will.No theatrical people are better paid than are the English. But whileeach man, each group has reason to be comfortable (if not happy) theentire English Theatrical Profession has one big grievance.It is being killed : — it is dying of itself.We are no Doctors; we offer no prescription, for to get up andshake yourself is not to take medicine. And the sole thing the EnglishTheatre needs to do is to shake itself. To do this it must separatewhat is essential to its health from what is unessential. Neither DramaLeagues, amateur Societies, clubs, or avoidance of the facts, can do this,or do this for it. It must do it itself — and we know that in our English Theatre there are many ready to help it to do this. THE ACCADEMIA DEGLI INDIFFERENTI CHI LO SA. Iwas a producer. I was looking throughan interleaved copy of " Macbeth " inwhich I had written down the entire mise- en-scene for the play, ....for the arrangementof each scene, ...notes, suggestions, mea- surements ; there were really quite a numberof pages....And i was looking at a series of minia- ture drawings of mine of the scenes for thisplay which I had sketched into this book.As 1 read the notes I passed quicklyfrom one to the next, on to the last. Atthe end I asked myself, what is ail thisfor the Theatre? I spoke aloud: and re- plied with so much hesitation that 1 reallyforget what it was I found these things tobe worth. But it led me to attempt a re- statement of what the Theatre really is, asyou shall presently discover.The designs themselves were not bad,butt hey seemed to represent an unnecessaryoutlay in canvas and wood, and that, ofcourse, is bad. For we do not repeat" Hamlet " or " Lear " in a theatre forthe benefit of the carpenter and the linendraper. £ 600 seems rather a large sumto expend on wood, canvas, and linen,on ropes, nails, and workmen's time fora new production of a play. Yet that isoften spent these days, ....even ten timesthat amount..., and the best spectatorstell us that it is not in the best of taste;that the scenic things disturb them, andthat they prefer the play in altogethera simpler setting.Looking at my designs, I soon beganto agree quite well with my critics of 1910who used to say that the notions I hadwere fantastic and too elaborate, and Ibegan to agree also with those better specta- tors who want all things simpler, ....nomore trappings. After looking, reading, relooking, re- reading, I grew quite captious about it all;and, as I sat thinking, I found myself goingover entirely to my critics, and with a di- stinct dislike for the notions I was leaving:but as I went over I seemed to glanceback and became immediately aware howvast was the crowd of people who clusteredround these same notions which I was justleaving. The people were honest enough ;they liked very well the things 1 oncewanted to give them. They too wanted tosee more and more of them realized on stages;and, indeed, seemed to consider that thismethod solved the entire problem of stageproduction.Not till I was leaving them had Inoticed the size of this crowd. It wasenormous. It was an odd crowd, ratherhearty and eager about things; a materialcrowd, too noisy perhaps, rather ruddy inface and over-quick to say what it liked;considering for hardly more than a momentor two, whether or no it was overestima- ting its special fancy.But now, on getting away from thiscrowd, and in the circle of my critics, withwhom I was vastly happy to be, I becamemightily content to listen carefully to themso as to understand something I did notyet quite understand.This ignorance of mine, this lack ofunderstanding, is what had made me leavethe others and go over to the enemy, ....Imean my enemy, i.e. enemies now to bemy true friends; those who I could seeknew, who wished to impart, wished todiscipline and bring me up. I wentover to these, glad to the soul to bebrought up.My only discomfort was a feeling thatit was all a hopeless task for them, since I had no brains, little knowledge, and lessjudgement; was a mass of instinct, rathertroublesome to myself, and therefore desti- ned to be a rare trouble to anyone whoshould attempt my education. Anyhow,I promised myself I should at any rate domy very best; that is to say, i wouldspare my tutors every possible annoyanceby taking pains.I wanted to learn what the Theatrewas; 1 wanted this simple thing made clearto me.1 took pains. I was very attentive,....at least I thought 1 was, and my tutorswere only too kind to tell me when I wasmissing anything. 1 had to twist and turnto catch the intellectual ball, catch a glimpseof it, rather, as it flashed from tutor totutor.Lest I convey by the use of this word44 tutor " that I was in a school, I hadbetter change it to the word 4 4 brain''. Frombrain to brain sped this silvered ball. I satlistening, watching, puzzled but flattered tobe there, now fancying I had the ball, nowaware I had it not, that I never couldhave it." I know not what this love may bewhich cometh to all and not to me "ran through my bit of a brain ; and itwas so like me to confuse love and brain,soul and body, body and soul, heart andhead, heads and tails. Still, 1 had tossedup and gone over to the brains, and I satand hoped and had patience, and was sorryfor the fine company I was in, that 1 wassuch a fool.In this fine company sat ladies. I amuncertain whether they were many or few.Anyone with brains could have said, 44 Six,I believe ". But something even preven- ted my achieving a calculation as small asthis. I listened and heard these ladiesgently correcting the wise men. They didthis only now and again, and in a certain firm- way that confused me more and more:so much so indeed that I even came tofancy that these ladies had once been asignorant as 1, and that their wisdom hadbeen acquired from the wise men theywere now correcting. And all this mademe, as you can suppose, no happier. Be- sides, I could not be positive that theyever had been ignorant,' ....not really asignorant as I.I was sure of nothing, Wisdom sur- ged around me but seemed to refuse toenter me. 1 was tossing with the ball upona strong ocean; a deep one, I was sure.Its waves were its words; its currentswere its meanings; and its depths.... itsdepths, .... 1 shuddered.... were to be mydeath. They were not beyond me, butthey were terribly beneath me.One thing only was left me to do.To fling myself upon my back and floatif I could; to throw myself upon themercy of the court, since i could not throwmyself upon its ignorance as did the oldman in Colorado. I could not feel as hedid; I felt this really was no momentto jest.Let me here remind you who I wasand what my calling.I was a stage manager, a 4 4 producermy calling the Theatre. Of the Theatre andits Stage 1 knew how little 1 had acquiredeven after a rather long apprenticeship oftwenty years. Full thirty years had come andgone; I thought myself rather well informed,and yet here amongst the wise men and wiseladies all this seemed nothing. They spokeof things I ought to have known moreabout, and about which I seemed to knownothing; and they never once spoke aboutthe Theatre. Not that it was beneath them,for when I did come to mention it, they im- mediately entered exhaustively into the wholematter, remarking that what Aristotle hadsaid was just, and that the Frenchman Abbe Hedelin d'Aubignac and the Italians, CountScipione-Maffei and Count Algarotti wereto be read attentively.These four writers they discussed, del- ving, with all the most delicate, pincer- like phrases, into their several works, com- paring what they pulled out, and I satsilent, all the while unable to say morethan " that is true " or " so it is ".For, without exaggeration, I nevercould find a single fault with anything theysaid. They really seemed to know allabout Drama and Stage as about allelse. When it was not brilliant, then itwas profound; and sometimes it was both.I had read Aristotle, and d'Aubignac, Al- garotti and Maffei, and so I grew confi- dent and happy on hearing their namesmentioned. But this confidence soon leftme as I perceived how much better mynew friends knew the works of these menthan I did. For though it is true that Ihad read the books, I really had neverunderstood them.I have too lively a fancy properly tounderstand things which are so far off.When reading Aristotle, all I could do toconcentrate was never quite enough to obli- terate the thought, or rather the vision, ofArchitecture. I saw columns of burnt marble,orange and brown, and white marble, anda blue sky, and I saw a little curveof steps and some silent people, andother people leaping and singing in aring. When I read d'Aubignac, I sawRichelieu in a red robe in a room ofbrown wood, rebuilding France as hislittle beard grew grey. Algarotti's eightvolumes breathed of sleep andto me, and Maffei and his book summon- ed up a big library of other books, pre- sided over by Aristotle; ....so back I&lt;came to the architecture, a bit broken up.The ancients had just this effect ontme. They conjured up visions which nothing could explain away: and I wasnot born with much gift for explanation.With more modern times it was dif- ferent. But when my new friends spokeof to-day, I had to be very nimble, forit always led them to Maffei, on tod'Aubignac, and so back to Aristotle;and many a time I was in danger of beingleft behind in this century.I do not mean to say that these werethe only writers mentioned by them, forColeridge, Brunetiere, Sarcey and HenryArthur Jones were often named; althoughJones, being more of a practitioner thana theorist, was naturally not to be takenquite so seriously as the others.And Diderot was not forgotten;Schlegel and Beaumarchais, Voltaire Iheard all their names. The good Lessing'stoo, and Castelvetro. At hearing this namemy heart began to beat, a habit I hadnot cured it of, although by this time I hadbeen three years in the company and underthe tuition of my new friends. 1 remem- bered a couple of lines from Castelvetro'snotes on Aristotle. I remembered badly, Iam sure, but what he said amounted tothis: " Tragedy is a dead thing until actedand stagedI forget all else that he said becauseit seemed to me that if this were true, todiscuss further or to read more about tra- gedy until after you had seen Tragedy,and heard Tragedy staged and acted,would be a little ridiculous; and to discussit afterwards would be even more ridi- culous.This stupid platitude, you may wellimagine, I was not so dull as to utteraloud. But it laboured in me, it labouredto hide itself, and 1 felt no lighter andhappier about myself; and was only com- forted if I turned my full attention onthe speech of my friends and so forgot myown existence. In short, I brought myself to such astate of despair when amongst my goodfriends, that it may be said I only existedwhen I was silent, ....dumb....dead. Forthree years I had not seen that other public,the size and quality of which I had onlybecome aware of just as I was leaving it.And now, one day, when we wereon the terrace of the Accademia degliIndifferenti, (for this was their name),after a long discussion.... the Presidentwalking all the time — (three full hours)— up and down, up and down the longTerrazza dell'Ombra.... and after it hadended and all wise men and ladies haddescended into the garden or to the houseor gone away to their own homes, I awoketo find a round-faced, round-eyed servantgirl looking at me." You have been calling out, sir "she said, " calling aloud. I came, but youwere sleeping. Is there anything you want? "" A Theatre ....a real Theatre" Ianswered, and was amused to hear m yselfspeaking at ail — definitely — and to aliving being." I do not know what that is " sheanswered.&lt;| It was these seven words whichdecided me to return to the vast healthycommon public 1 had left three years pre- viously, a public which does not knowwhat a Theatre is.I could delay no longer. I got back.I went first to Leningrad, then toParis, and then to London.I went to their gatherings; ....all hadpretty dumpling or dollish faces, ....orhonest ploughboy's eyes ....or tightlippedjockey's mouths; and cocked their headsso, or frowned a bit thus. Some werequite hearty and healthy, and some werenervous wrecks, and some were half andhalf, and I was a " jolly good fellow They seemed a little altered.When things were quieted down a bit Iasked them what they understood by theword Theatre.They explained.I will not keep you listening as longas they kept me: — it would do no good;you would become as they became, ....youwould slowly go out.Out went the light from their eyes asthey explained ; they died piecemeal; ....andas they died some queer new life movedthem. Not as little toy puppets exactly —for these seem like suddenly dead things,....things which died at the right moment,....things loved by the gods, with theiropen-eyed wonder still fresh upon them.Nothing like this was upon these people.As they faded out so they came fadingin again; slowly. Their youth died outslowly, their age died up again slowly.They became more terrible to sit withthan huddled mummeys in the tombs. Theair became horrible — movement ceased.I could barely move as they told me whatit was all about, — this Theatre.When they had ceased I asked themto say how they had discovered thisTheatre — this New Theatre — and whe- ther they were quite sure, ( sure) itreally was the thing the world wanted.Yes " they answered, " it is; —we know that it is — we have the wholetheory and practice which is founded onthe very finest tradition of — "" ....of a great artist? " I asked, flaring;up with hope but not really knowing whatI said." ....of the Accademia degli Indiffe- renti " they answered.* *I heard what I took to be a stonefalling through the darkness of a bottomlesswell... or was it far-off laughter? POETRY IN DRAMA BY WILLIAM POEL. PALAZZO CAVALLI, VENEZIA. IN Sir Philip Sidney's Apologie Poetrythe main argument of his thesis turns on thequestion as to whether the dramatic poet ismore successful than the philosopher and thehistorian in " the winning of the mind fromwickedness to virtue ".Shelley in his Defence of Poetry says thata man to be greatly a poet must imagine in- tensely and comprehensively, and that he mustbe able to put himself sympathetically in theplace of not merely one of his fellow beingsbut of all of them. He contends that thegreatest instrument for good that exists forman's welfare is to be found in the imagina- tion, and that poetry vitalises both mind andmorals because it explains what it is that de- vitalises man's natural aptitude for good.To look further back among the Greekclassics we find Aristophanes, in one of hisamusing farces, asking Euripides why drama- tists should be encouraged to write plays ?Euripides replies, " Because it is the busi- ness of these men to make folk into bettercitizensWe know, also, that Orpheus with thehelp of his music civilized not only the wildmen of the woods, but tamed even wildcats, a rather difficult task to accomplish! Onthe other hand Plato omitted the dramatist asa person unfit to exist in his Utopia becausehe thought the playwright did not take hiswork sufficiently seriously.In mediaeval times the Church was saidto keep its congregations in ignorance in orderto preserve the spiritual faith of its members.It was this mistrust of knowledge which begata reaction in the form of the Reformation, tobe followed by a revival of learning and ofthe arts. Speaking of Hakluyt's ,written in Elizabethan times, Russell-Lowellremarks ; "We are almost startled now andthen to find that even common sailors couldnot tell the story of their wanderings withoutrising to an almost Odyssean strain, and habi- tually using a diction that we should be gladto buy back from desuetude at any cost ' .Where was this diction acquired? There wereno newspapers in those times, and few schoolsfor the poor. It was at the playhouses, where the poets reigned supreme, men of education,of genius', and with a sense of responsibilitytowards their fellow-men. Today Commercia- lism sits as watch-dog at the stage-door, deter- mined to keep out everything but the com- monplace. It may, perhaps, think that vulgardialogue with mediocre singing and dancingare what the public demand. " And yetsays Lord Chesterfield, every man, if hepleases, may choose good words instead ofbad ones; may speak properly instead of darklyand muddily. He may have grace instead ofawkwardness in his motions and gestures; and,in short, may be a very agreeable instead ofa very disagreeable fellow, if he will take careand pains ".Drama on the stage to-day is an illusionwhich is due to the proscenium arch, to scenicbackground and to artificial lighting, giving thecharacters an appearance resembling figuresgrouped on a canvas. But in Shakespeare'stime the presentation of a play on the openplatform meant to the Elizabethan playgoersan actual event; it was not makebelieve butreality, not to the eye but to the ear, andthence to the mind. Poetry makes her ownpictures as she makes her own music. Shecan reveal the loveliness of nature, and shecan also describe its terrors. Unsurpassed inpower over the imagination is Shakespeare'sdescription of a storm at sea ( , Act I,Sc. ii, 3.). Poetry takes precedence of historyin its power to illuminate the past. It mellowsthe pictures of memory with a special beauty,and has a more lasting and subtle influenceover the mind than has either music or painting.In fact the art of the poet presupposes andcomprehends all the other arts. Not a few ofthe most beautiful ideas of Homer furnish nopictures for the artist. But the superiority ofthe poem over the picture depends not onlyon technical efficiency such as vocabulary andmetre, but also on whether the writer orthe artist is the better gifted with poetic inspi- ration.And, moreover, the Elizabethan dramatistsignored the painter's art. The consciousnessof the greater freedom that language possessesmade the poets of that period impatient of the limitations of the picture. For instance, BenJonson writes : —What poesy e'er was painted on a wall ?Again, Lady Macbeth says : —the sleeping and the deadAre but as pictures, 'tis the eye of childhoodThat fears a painted*devil.And Olivia, in offering her portrait toViola : —. 4 'tis my pictureRefuse it not, it hath no tongue to vex you.And the King to Laertes : —Or are you like the painting of a sorrowA face without a heart.But today more and more do men andwomen distrust their own intuitions. Theyturn to pictures for the realisation of whatthey themselves hesitate to realise. Theyfancy that their own perceptions do notdisclose the author's meaning without the helpof illustrations. They forget that in most casesit is the illustrator, and not the author, whodetermines the limits of the reader's imagina- tion. Two centuries later, Wordsworth, in- censed at the introduction of illustrations intobooks and journals, expressed his disapprovalin a sonnet of which the following are con- cluding lines : —Avaunt, this vile abuse of pictured page,Must eyes be all in all, the tongue and earNothing ? Heaven keep us from a lower stage!And Coleridge exclaims : —As idle as a painted shipUpon a painted ocean.Certainly the picture stage is not suitedto Elizabethan Drama, and since the intro- duction of the proscenium arch English clas- sical drama has steadily declined in both li- terary and dramatic value.But poetry in drama cannot be limited tothe use of rhythmic sounds or verbal felicities.To write verse that will convey to all whoread it at sight a definite meaning is by nomeans an easy task, in acted drama howeverit is the business of the actor to find a tuneto fit the author's words and then to give thelistener the impression that what is spoken isthe spontaneous utterance of a living person. Yeta voice cannot instinctively echo the sense of words that are not native to the speaker. Thus,in the delivery of verse, it is only the trainedelocutionist who can avoid making havoc ofthe author's music and meaning, while abuseof the cadence becomes in the unskilful amonotonous infliction on the ear. Mere readerswill mark the swing and lilt and scansion ofthe verses to the confusion of the sense. Theyhave no choice, no more than the amateurwho having learnt but one tune on the pianoentertains all friends alike with it. But varietyof time and tune are essential for spokenwords. To quote Clifford Harrison : — "Itis necessary to call out the inner force of thevital word till it answers to the call, andtouches the hearer with the startling sense ofunexpected and unsuspected presence ". Thisis an art which demands a special combinationof voice, brain and temperament. The actressRachel was like Kean, in that she had apower of concentrating into a single phrase aworld of intense feeling; and indeed Keanhimself could not have surpassed the terrificexclamation ; — Miserable ! etje vis. MoreoverKean's musical ear and voice saved him fromthat still more unpardonable defect, the disso- ciation of rhythm from meaning. The amateurdetermines his emphasis and pause by theformal structure of the verse — as if the senseended with the line.It must be remembered, then, that verseis not necessarily poetry, and that prose maysometimes be poetry. Hamlet's speech, be- ginning, " What a piece of work is man !is prose, but it is also poetry. Only a smallproportion of pure poetry comes into Shakes- peare's plays. Perhaps Richard II and Mid- summer Night's Dream are the two playswhich contain most poetry. Of the tragedy,the central figure is a man who thinks andspeaks in words embodying poetical imagery;the comedy is a fairy story. The play ofJulius Caesar contains very little poetry. Evenwhen plays are written in verse, the dialogue,excepting of course the soliloquies, is conver- sation, and the actor should give prominenceto those words in the verses which give pointto the action of the play. Thus Macbeth iscertainly speaking poetry when he says,Light thickens, and the crowMakes wing to the rooky wood.But what is more important still, he istelling the audience, who are seated in the Globe playhouse in broad daylight, that forthe purpose of the story they must imaginenight to be approaching; and he is also tellingLady Macbeth of the near approach of Banquo'smurder. Now if the actor is thinking of thepoetry in which the words are clothed, andnot of the implied meanings that underlie thepoetry, he may fail to hold the attention ofthe audience who have gone to the theatre,in the first place, not only to hear poetry hutto see action illustrating character.The question how Shakespeare's verseshould be spoken on the stage involves someconsideration of how it was spoken there inShakespeare's time. Poetry was, then, a na- tural and spontaneous expression of the Eli- zabethan mind and heart, it may have arisen,and probably did arise in the first instance,through the efforts of scholars. It was perfectedthrough the schooling of the theatre, and poetry,as it was understood and appreciated in thetheatre, was not in favour with academicians.It was liked, in fact, by the groundlingschiefly for the great variety of euphoniussounds that the actors got out of the words.On the audience sound in verse made a greatimpression, partly because of its novelty, butchiefly because the broad pronunciation in usein Shakespeare's day gave a foreign and notunpleasing colour to speech. As the Clownin Twelfth Night reminded Olivia, in a play," You must allow Vox to the groundlingsa tame madman would he unendurable. Thesound of the rhymed couplet was especiallya delight to the illiterate besides being usedas a cue for applause at the end of a soliloquyor at the exit of a character. Shakespearethough, disliked these verbal puerilities, andin The Tempest there is only one rhymedcouplet in the whole play.The decay of the actor's art today is ina great part due to an increased demand forover elaborate work by the producer. BenJonson foresaw the effect the Court pageantswould ultimately have on the serious dramain Jacobean times, and warned his public ofwhat would happen ; — "It is a noble andjust advantage that the things subjected tounderstanding have of those which are objectedto sense; that the one are but momentary andmerely taking; the other impressing and last- ing : else the glory of all these solemnitieshad perished like a blaze and gone out in thebeholders' eyes, so short lived are the bodies of things in comparison of their souls ". Whenthese words were written Shakespeare was nolonger alive. But the platform stage remainedand his plays were still being acted in thecentre of the arena of the Globe playhouse.We know, too, the impression a performanceof Juli us Caesar made upon one of the spec- tators :So have I seen when Caesar would appearAnd on the stage at half-sword parley wereBrutus and Cassius Oh! how the audienceWere ravished, with what wonder they went thence !These contemporary lines show the pro- found impression that could be made on anaudience, three centuries ago, by Shakespeare'swords spoken on an open platform. VENEZIA AND ITS FOOLISH COLLABORATION OF POET, MUSICIAN,ARCHITECT AND SCENOGRAPHER. A C. I say foolish because some there are who like thingsmore select and simple—they prefer words and allwords—music and all music ; they seem not to like ordinarycollaboration.I have had the same feeling—happily am now rid of it.And so to me it seems sensible that the Venetians broughttogether all which might make Opera and Drama excellentwithout doing so at the expense of the pedants.This Palazzo Cavalli shown above contained a littleTeatro, the property of Alessandro Pepoli, the author ofseveral tragedies and other pieces; and there they weregiven. The Accademia de Rinnovati was founded byPepoli, and with it he did delightful productions in thispalace. In the other theatres the same collaboration ofthe crafts ruled from the end of the 16th century on untilthe end of the 18th. As it always must rule sensible people. BEN JONSON: INIGOJONES: INVENTORS. BY PAUL McPHARLIN. THE BANQUETING HOUSE. WHITE HALL.A cut by PAUL McPHARLIN.This Banqueting House, built by Inigo Jones in 1619, wasthe only part of his design for a huge new palace that wascompleted, and which escaped a fire in 1698 that destroyedthe older section. The Masque of January 1622, wasthe first of many given in the hall that occupies the upperstory. The accoufits of the Treasurer of the Chamber specify," the upper story [rs by no by] 55 feet in height, to the layingon of the roof... with 14 windows on each side [that is 14 divided by two sides] and one great window at the upper end...with a gallery upon the two sides THE COMEDIANS.From "Iets Poor Allen, Zynde een Verhandeling E.n Verbeelding van allerhande, Stan den,Studien, Konsten, Wetenschappen, Handwerken enz ; Door den berugten Peter Abraham van St,Clara. In't Nederduyts overgebragt Door J.le Long. t'Amsteldam, 1719. Plate 2. Cette lutte entre deux hommes superieurs, egalementenerglques et author itahes, est au fond celle de deux con- ceptions, de deux elemens, de deux arts qui se disputentla preponderance dans le ballet.Paul Reyher. Les Masques Anglais. WILLIAM Drummond received Ben Jonsonas his guest at Hawthornden nearEdinburgh for about a fortnight in January1619, and kept notes of their conversationstogether. Jonson talked much about himself,and Drummond, perhaps a little weary, sum- med him up thus when he had gone: "Heis a great lover and praiser of himself, a con- temner and Scorner of others, given rather tolosse a friend, than a jest, jealous of everyword and action of those about him.... he ispassionately kynde and angry, carelesse eitherto gaine or keep.... Interpreteth best sayingsand deeds often to the worst: oppressed withfantasie, which hath ever mastered his reason,a generall disease in many poetsThere is no contemporary account thatso fully sketches the character of Inigo Jones.That he was neither meek nor unassertive, however, is well known. He had been com- missioned to reconstruct a porch for Old St.Paul's, and in order to give his design a vista,he started to tear down the little churchof St. Gregory which closely encroached.Its incensed parishioners raised a cry and ap- pealed to parliament. The Surveyor of theWorks issued his ultimatum: he would notundertake the repairs on St. Paul's " unlesshe might be the sole monarch, or might havethe principality thereof ". Pie was reasonable.But legislatures favor ethics before aesthetics,and the parishioners, sustained in their com- plaint, rebuilt the broken wall of their churchwith stone that Jones had brought for thework on St. Paul's.These two positive men, at the desire ofAnne of Denmark, queen of James I, met toprepare a masque. Disguising had been po- pular with the English court since the timeof Edward III to celebrate birthdays andmarriages and to entertain illustrious guests.In the reign of James the masque achievedsurpassing splendor; two men were respon- sible.It had the elements of what we nowcall opera, in a reverse ratio of importance:dance, scene, music. The queen herself oftentook part; discovered on the stage with herladies en tableau, she led them down to thefloor where, after stepping a stately figure,she advanced to the chair of state and badethe king be her dancing partner. In contrastto the grace of the galliards and corantoesthere were grotesque antics by the antimas- quers, whose make-up and costume werecontrived to set off those of the masquers.The scene, on a stage erected at one end ofthe hall, showed painted classical avenues,forests, mountains and seas. Buildings weregiven the appearance of solidity, one canvasface toward the spectators, the other runningback in false perspective. Later, to facilitatequick changes, which took place without thelowering of a curtain, Jones perfected a •se- ries of wings such as were taken over by thepublic theatre and used until the beginningof this century.Machines that rose, sank, advanced, re- ceded and revolved, together with plenty ofcolored lamps and torches, completed thespectacle. Verses, giving a thread of plot tothe dances, were either sung or delivered inrecitative. Jonson developed a form of anti- in spoken comic lines as well. Themusicians were frequently costumed as per- sonifications, and had a place in the scene.Money was not spared; the best poet andarchitect available collaborated.At the time he was called by the queenBen Jonson was 32. He had produced fiveplays for the public theatre. He was knownto Anne because of the verses he had writtenfor an entertainment welcoming her to Althorp,Northants, in 1603 when she first came toEngland; of those delivered at the entry ofJames into London; and for a May Day en- tertainment given by Sir William Cornwallisat Highgate in 1604.Inigo Jones was a year and a monthyounger than Jonson. John Webb, his rela- tive, pupil and heir, gave this account of him:" Christianus IV, King of Denmark, first en- grossed him to himself, sending for him outof Italy, where, especially at Venice, he hadmany years resided. Upon the first comingof that king into England, he attended him,being desirous that his own native soil, ra- ther than a foreign, should enjoy the fruits ofhis laborious studies. Queen Anne here ho- nored him with her service first; and notlong after, Prince Henry ".Anne had seen their work and knew thather men could provide a splendid masque,with jewels and gowns and strange devicesaplenty after her own gay heart, and verseswith learned classical allusions that wouldplease James. She wanted to appear withher ladies as blackamoors. Jonson, enrichingthe whim with his learning, suggested thatthey be daughters of Niger. Jones visualizeda mechanical sea, a shell in which the mas- quers, decked in orient pearls, might sit,sea-monsters for the torch-bearers to ride, anda vaulted silk sky studded with star-lamps.The poet and architect, having agreed upona scenario together, parted and set to com- posing and designing.On 6 January 1605 the Elizabethanbanqueting house at Whitehall beheld theMasque of Blackness. Among the invited werethe Spanish and Venetian ambassadors, whosat in state by the king. (M. Beaumont,ambassador from France, stayed away in ajealous passion). Curious commoners couldlater obtain the printed text, in which Jonsondescribed the scenes, machines and costumesat length, dwelt upon the fashionable innova- tion of perspective and, concluding with " Somuch for the bodily part, which was of mas- ter Inigo Jones's design and acthe pro- ceeded to his verses.An architect fresh from his studies inItaly, where court entertainments outdid allEurope in splendor, might differ with Jonson'sconception of the masque. If spectacle wasnot its core, the soul rather than the bodilypart, then what was? Moreover, the verse- maker asserted, " the invention was derivedby me and presented thus " as if he aloneknew all about Italy".Nov/ Jonson saw what a fascinationspectacle had for the court. And he de- plored it. Poetry was a lofty art, to bepreferred to vulgar show. Scenes glitteredfor a day, and then were firewood. "Soshort lived are the bodies of all things, incomparison of their souls ". If he describedthis body with a word between his verses,it too lived on. But the fact remains that,no matter how timeless his verses, no matterhow much he wished poetry to be the soulof masque, it was always overwhelmed byballet and spectacle.On 5 and 6 January 1606 Whitehallsaw Hymenaei and a Barriers, or mock-tour- nement, as a wedding celebration. " BothInigo, Ben, and the actors men and womendid-their partes with great commendation",said an eye-witness. " The Designe andAct of all which, together with the Deviceof their habits, belongs properly to the Meritand Reputation of Maister Ynigo Iones, withwhom I take modest occasion in this fit place,to remember, lest his own worth might acusemee of an ignorant neglect for my silencesaid Jonson in the quarto edition publishedshortly after.On 10 January 1608 the queen gave theMasque of Beauty. Jonson supplied thewords, and Jones probably the spectacle, buthe was busy at work on the HaddingtonMasque and could not superintend the exe- cution of his designs. From his descriptionsJonson seems to have made suggestions." The order of the scene was carefully andingeniously disposed; and as happily put inact (for the motions)" — which were anisland turning clockwise, and steps holdingcupids turning counter-clockwise about it, eachcarrying lights, the whole advancing — "bythe king's master carpenter. The painters, I must needs say, (not to belie them), lentsmall color to any, to attribute much of thespirit of these things to their pencils. Butthat must not be imputed a crime, either tothe invention or designThe Haddin gton Masque, the Hue andCry after Cupid, was a nuptial celebration,and took place 9 February 1608. Jonsonwrote, " The device and act of the sceneM. Ynigo Jones his, with addition of thetrophies [gilt proscenium decorations]. Forthe invention of the whole and the verses,Assertor qui dicat esse meos, imponet plagia- rio pudorem ". Again Jonson appropriatedtoo much credit. Had Jones been an easy- going fellow there could have been no fric- tion; but he was not. In the introductionto the printed text Jonson says that since theperformance his conception has been censured,but that he " cannot but smile at their tyran- nous ignorance that will offer to slight me (inthese things being an artificer) and give them- selves a peremptory license to judge, whohave never touched so much as the bark, orutter shell of any knowledge ". It has beenadmitted that the poet always looked at hisown learning through one end of the spy- glass, and at that of others through the other.Personal differences must be forgottenwhen the crown commands. The collabora- tors prepared the Masque of Queens for2 February 1609. As an antimasque therewere eleven witches. " The device oftheir attire was master Jones's, with the in- vention, and architecture of the whole scene,and machine. Only I prescribed them theirproperties of vipers, snakes, bones, herbs,roots, and other ensigns of their magic, outof the authority of ancient and late writers,wherein the faults are mine, if there be anyfound; and for that cause I confess them".Later he says of the House of Fame in whichthe masquers appeared, " The structure andornament of which (as is profest before) wasentirely Mr. Jones his invention and design....All which I willingly acknowledge for him;since it is a virtue planted in good natures,that what respects they wish to obtain fruit- fully from others, they will give ingenuouslythemselves". 'Was this surprising submis- sion prompted by the fear that Jones hadinfluence to damage his standing at court ?Jonson had addressed Prince Henry in theintroductory epistle to the Masque of Queens in such a way that the fifteen year old boymust have been pleased. Yet Samuel Danielprovided the verses for Tethys* Festival, whichwas given 5 June 1610, the day on whichHenry was created Prince of Wales. Daniel,to taunt Jonson, deliberately belittled the partplayed by poetry in masque : " But in thesethings wherein the onely life consists in shew,the art and inuention of the Architect giuesthe greatest grace, and is of most importance;ours, the least part and the least note in thetime of the performance thereof ". How.Jonsonsquirmed to see Jones himself describe thescenes, and overbalance verse by prose ! Nodoubt of which collaborator commanded !The irascible poet was received back into1favor, however, (there were many strings tobe pulled in those days as now) and workedwith Jones on Oberon the Fairy Prince, 1 Ja- nuary 1611. Each received forty pounds forhis labors (which must be multiplied by eightto give the present value) ; but Jones had anadditional sixteen pounds from Prince Henry..Let it be hoped that Jonson did not know ofthis. The two received a like amount forLove Freed from Ignorance and 3 Feb- ruary 1611. It was diplomatic to put themon this exactly equal footing. They weregiven to understand that neither one nor theother exceeded in importance. As a matterof fact J ones' burden was the heavier, for henot only designed but also superintended hisend of the production, as a bill of accountshows :Imprimis to mr Beniamin Johnson for hisinvention 40 Ii.Item to ml Inigo Johnes for his paynes andInvention 40 li.Sometime before this, Jonson, " being atye end of my Lord Salisburies table withInigo lones &amp; demanded by my Lord, whyhe was not glad : My Lord, said he, youpromised I should dine with you, bot I doenot, for he had none of his meate; he esteamedonly yt his meate which was of his dish ".Obviously the collaborators were not at easetogether in society.The winter of 1612-13 J onson spent inFrance as Governor to the eldest son of SirWalter Raleigh, with small disciplinarian suc- cess. While he was gone, the marriage ofthe Elector Palatine and Princess Elizabethwas celebrated with the Lords Masque byThomas Campion, 14 February 1613. " The. stars moved in an exceeding strange and de- lightful manner ", says Campion, " and I sup- pose few have ever seen more neat artificethan Master Inigo Jones showed in contrivingtheir motion, who in all the rest of the work- manship which belonged to the whole inven- tion showed extraordinary industry and skill '\The next day the festivities proceeded withthe Masque of the Middle Temple and Lin- coln's Inn. it was " inuented, and fashioned,with the ground, and speciall structure of thewhole worke, By our Kingdoraes most Artfulland ingenious Architect Innigo Iones. Sup- plied, Aplied, Digested, and Written, ByGeo. Chapman ". Jones was now in highfavor, and it did no harm for poets to submitto his ideas and admire them.With the death of Henry in NovemberJones' office of Surveyor of the Works to theprince's household had terminated. Detainedonly by the marriage masques, he left foriltaly. Jonson returned and wrote three masquesthat were given during Jones' absence. Nonerequired elaborate settings. Campion, colla- borating with Constantino dei Servi, a Flo- rentine architect, on the Masque of Squires,-26 December 1613, complained, " he being;too much of himself, and no way to be drawnlio impart his intentions, failed so far in theassurance he gave that the main invention,&lt;even at the last cast, was of force drawninto a far narrower compass than was fromithe beginning intended ". Jones was easierto work with.Although the architect was back in Englandby January 1615, full of what he had seen'of the theatre in Italy, there are no recordsof his work with Jonson until three yearsafter. I believe, however, that he workedon the scenes for the Golden Age Restored,1 January 1616, and the Vision of Delight,25 December 1617. We know that theyhad streets in perspective, clouds, and bowersthat opened to discover masquers. NicholasLanier " ordered and made both the sceneand the music " of Lovers Made Men, 22February 1617.But on 6 January and 17 February 1618the old collaborators produced Pleasure Re- conciled to Virtue. Jones, stimulated by Italy,should have provided something less stereo- typed than woods that vanished and mountainsthat opened, and Jonson should have strivenlo do his best. Instead, " the masque was poor, and Inigo Jones has lost reputation, forsomething extraordinary was expected ", saida contemporary. Another: "The masque....is not commended of any. The poet is grownso dull that his device is not worth the re- lating ". Jonson tried to improve it by addingan antimasque in a Welsh accent, and a goatdance.Shamed with their failure, each blamedthe other. Jonson went off to Scotland andtold Drummond that " he said to PrinceCharles of Inigo Jones, that when he wantedwords to express the greatest Villaine in yeworld he would call him ane Inigo ". (Punon iniquo). Jones tried to make amends bybuilding a splendid banqueting house at White- hall to replace the one that had been de- stroyed by fire 12 January 1619.The first entertainment in the new ban- queting house, which still stands, was theMasque of Augers, 6 January and 6 May1622. Jones and Jonson had cooled off suf- ficiently to work together again. There islittle record of the scenes: a light opens aboveand Apollo breaks forth; persons come forthas from tombs, and " the Earth rise th ". Van- goose, who "is a Briton born, but hathlearned to misuse his own tongue in travel,and now speaks all languages in ill English ;a rare artist.... and a projector of masques ",could not have been a take-off on Jones ; hewould have remonstrated.For Time Vindicated to himself and hisHonors, 19 January 1623, Jones provided a" scene.... three times changed during thetyme of the Masque, wherein the first thatwas disclosed was a prospective of Whitehall,with the Banqueting House ; the second wasthe Masquers in a cloud; and the third a forest."and for Pan's Anniversary, date uncertain, a" fountain of light ". " The inventors, InigoJones, Ben Jonson Happily the latter couldnot see the order of precedence when thisappeared in the 1640 folio. Neptune'sTriumph, prepared for 6 January 1624, couldnot be given until 9 January 1625, when itwas rewritten as the Fortunate Isles. Jones'scenes, having no topical allusions, neededno alteration.Of their last two productions together,Love'sTrivmph thru Callipolis, 6 January 1631,and Chlorida, 22 February 1631, there arerecords to show the manner of collaboration." The inventors, Ben Jonson, Inigo Jones ", " after some debate of cogitation.... resolvedon the.... argument , that is, the scenario orplot. Then Jonson sent off the verses as soonas they were composed to be set to music.Jones, consulting his plot-notes, devised thescenes and costumes and machines. For animportant costume, like that to be worn byQueen Henrietta as Chloris, he sent a sketchfor approval, with a little note, " This dessigneI conceaue to bee fitt for the inuehtion andif it please hir ma5 e to add or alter any thingI desier to receaue hir mais command andthe desseigne againe by this bearer. Thecollors allso are in hir mais choise ; but myoppinion is that seueral fresh greenes mixtwith gould and siluer will bee most propper ".Of course her majesty graciously approved.Chlorida was the most spectacular of allthe masques that had so far been given.There exists a very full set of Jones' sketchesfor it in the collection of the Duke of De- vonshire. The scenes brought Spring to theFebruary evening. There were hills plantedwith young trees and flowers, and fountainsgliding down them to empty into a river thatmeandered up the back drop. Dwarfs cameforth from an underground opening; there wasa horrid storm, and then behind the Bowerof Chloris appeared a rainbow. The backdrop became a skyscape with clouds thatopened up to disclose Juno, Ins and airyspirits. A hill rose, and from its top Fameon a globe ascended to the heavens to behidden among the clouds. Then the hillsank, the heavens closed, a dance was dancedand the masque was done.On 1 January 1632 a contemporary wrotethat Jones' collaborator was now Aurelian1 ownshend, " Ben Jonson being for the timediscarded, by reason of the predominant powerof his antagonist, Inigo Jones, who this timetwelvemonth, was angry with him for puttinghis own name before his in the title page,which Ben Jonson has made the subject of abitter satire or two against Inigo ". Prece- dence of name on a title page was the osten- sible cause of their final break. Jonson disease- ridden and poor, saw Jones still in his prime,a great favorite at court, building structuresthat would probably be less perishable monu- ments to fame than paper poems. His bitter- ness welled up in the famous Expostulationwith Inigo Jones, but his " quill dipt in gall "turned the court from him. It consented to see his Tale of a Tub, after the part ofVitruvius Hoop had been struck out'exceptionbeing taken against it by " Inigo Jones, Sur- veyoi of the Kings as a personalinjury to him ". It was " not Iikt". In anentertainment at Bolsover, 30 July 1634,Jonson took a final thrust with Iniquo vius. But he was no longer court poet.Others were to collaborate with Jones in histhirteen remaining masques, which becamemore and .more spectacular.Jones once wrote some verses ; we still!have them, and they are not good. Jonson's;interest in scenes and machines, it has been;seen, was limited to details he vas afraid!might not be in correct accordance with clas- sical authorities if he'put in no word. Masqueowed much of its glory to these men. Yet„had only each of them known a little moreof the whole art of the masque, had onlythey been able to see it with both eyes—-literary and architectural — instead of justone ! Then there would have been less di- sagreement, more achievement. Had only(but the milk is spilled and there's no usecrying) nature been a little kinder to art, sothat no year-and-a-month had intervened be- tween the two, so that Ben and Inigo hadbeen born of the same star, of the samemother; one man! ["HE best account of the relations of Jonson and Jones '1isto be found in P. Reyher, Masques1909, pp. 192-200. Gifford, in speaking of Jones in his.editions of Jonson's Works, is prejudiced in favor of the =poet. The stage directions in the masques are interesting,and Jonson's Conversations with Drummond, Bodley Head:Quartos V, 1923) pp. 14, 19, 20, 27, 28. E. K.Cham,bers, 7 he Elizabethan Stage, 1923, speaks of Jones 1 :178-180 and gives information about the masques up to- 1616, 3: 375-391. L. B. Campbell, Scenes and Ma- chines on the English Stage during the Renaissance, 1923, ,treats Jones' work pp. 161-194. His best Life is by P*Cunningham, 1848. Inigo Jones' Masque Designs (Malone -Society Publications XII) 1924, lists the extant sketches,,and reproduces several, principally from the collection ofthe Duke of Devonshire. ARTHUR SYMONS. (0 I have but few recollections of Arthur Symonsbut they are good ones. I must have methim in all ten times, may be twelve. At hisflat toward St. John's Wood; at the ImperialTheatre for five minutes behind the scenes; ina house at Hampstead ; at his little cottage inWittersham; at a Farm in Tenterden: buthe was not one of the friends I saw often.I think I have never seen him except hiswife Rhoda Symons was with him, nor herexcept when he was there too. They seemedto me to be a perfectly united couple. Sheis now a very skilful and striking actress.The first time I saw him was, I believe,one day in 1900 when I lunched at his house.I recall a fine pair of eyes and rather too-highpitched voice. His voice somehow gave mea feeling that he was to be looked after,taken care of; one felt burly beside him: buthis eyes and brow and what he said balancedall that.They were a strangely kind pair; withthem 1 did never feel I was being inspectedand sized down: they gave me a certain con- fidence in myself in which, for some odd kinkin nature, I have always been deficient.Arthur Symons was, with Max Beerbohm,one of the very earliest English men of intellectto discover that I could produce certain operaballets rather prettily, and said so in the pe- riodicals and books for which he wrote. Atthe time no one was more surprised than Iand no one more delighted.There was Nevinson too and Yeats; butto every dozen who took literature and pain- ting seriously there would be but one whothought the stage as worthy of any of theirconsideration.Praise from the old professional gang ofcritics is good fun but perhaps does somesort of harm if one is not developed: ...butfrom men of brains and taste and entire inde- pendence it assuredly does good. It did megood: I breathed more easily. I walked Lon- don with more assurance. I delighted more inmy work. I always loved to be at my work,but, after Symons and Beerbohm had said it would do for a start, I was ready to worktwice as long.Many other men have, I believe, a properdisdain for what may be said about their work.Perhaps they know it is good. I was neverable to do more than hope it would be bet- ter ; and it is only when someone of brainssays it is good that I too say for a momentthat I know that.People often have thought this was a pose.It isn't; it has all along been far too painfulfor that. I think 1 was born with a distrustand a lack of confidence in myself: and Ithink the conditions of London life developedthis mightily.Today I hear that since Ibsen I have beenthe greatest influence in the Theatre of Europe:that I am, in short, someone. I have no suchdelusion. I could have been a useful assetto our English Theatre because everythingconspired to that end:... every thing exceptthe bad fairy, whoever she may be, who wasforgotten at the christening.She is a curious beast, this bad fairy....she too often is allowed to prevent Englandfrom possessing a thousand useful things.But to me she did a great service. Herwell laid plans to do me an ill turn sa- ved me from having to be that most wretchedof all beings, a theatrical manager in a drearyatmosphere saddled with a theatre and sur- rounded by those unhappy people of " theprofessionHer incantations were that frogs and snailsand fogs and the rest should assail me; andlo, as I stood expecting the end of the world,Symons and Beerbohm and five or six moreworked a better magic, and I was given thekey to enter other lands where fogs andwitches and curses and malice evidently arenot allowed power or even pretensions.While speaking of criticism I must notforget the sharp corrective things which nowand then appeared, and were by no meansmalicious or unjust, but are distinctly sharp.There was one 1 received from a papernow dead, called " The Londoner ". At thetime I did not like it, but it made me pause.I can imagine it was just what I needed, andre-reading it now I see that it had a certainauthority in its tone. Who wrote it I havenever learned. I did not enquire, but I wouldnot mind knowing now. I wonder if thatunknown writer thinks I have done as he urged me to do....and whether he has any moreadvice to give to a Student of his that is equallyuseful, for I'd like to hear it.But to return to Symons,Mr. T. Earle Webly's critical study bringsme to one of the facets of Arthur Symons's art,to the prose writer who is at the same timea critic of things dramatic. This side of Sy- mons is the only one I feel in the least com- petent to touch on. For Symons the poet,lyric and dramatic, 1 know nothing of.To at all know the lyric poet I shouldhave to have read more of his verse; andSymons the dramatist is only to be met fairlyin the theatre, and I have seen none of ArthurSymons's plays performed.But 1 have seen Irving and seen that " blitheand aged tripping of the feet to some not quitehuman measure " as he went up and dowmthe stage as " Mephistopheles ", as he keptgoing to and fro. And no one recalls himwith such precision as does Symons in thesefew words. No one recalls Bernhardt better,nor Guilbert; no poet has spoken with suchdiscernment of certain performers I love.And with what care he preserves. Hedoes not go to a playhouse to note defects;these pain him: he has but little of the moodwhich laughs at defects. He comes to noteremarkable moments, and to protect these byconstructing round them lasting shrines. SeeArthur Symons at a play and you are certainthat something, as the hours pass, is going tolive for ever.Mr. Welby lays stress (perhaps a trifletoo much stress) on Symon's desire to assertthe equality of all the arts, and considers thatmost of us are stupid and snobbish towardscertain arts.I take it he alludes to the dramatic art,perhaps even to that part of it which I so oftentouch on, the Art of the Theatre.He asks us "why we should be patronising"towards it merely because this art lives " onlyfor the moment ", and he hints that Symonsinsists on a reply to this.Symons is far too great an artist not toknow that the time is not yet ripe for a replythat is satisfactory.That a play last but a moment is nothing." A sonnet is a moment's monument " wroteRosetti; yes, but a monument fixed, durablefor very many centuries.... whether a good ora bad monument, assuredly fixed. " The Theatre is the only art " wroteDr. Lothar Schreyer of Weimar, " in whichthe element of chance is regarded as a vir- tue And Schreyer is a man of the Theatre.Our attention need not be distracted bythe fact that it lasts only a moment from thisgraver fact that it makes a virtue of chance.Chance and art are sworn enemies." An instant in the gesture of a dancer "writes Mr Welby is lovely: yes, even in twentyof her gestures; but you cannot compare themwith the gesturesin the marbles in some GreekTemple : you may compare them with thegestures made by a perfect little lamb orrabbit as they frolic: or with the movementin waves, or in trees in the wind. Comparedwith the rabbits or the lambs they are very oftenfar more lovely; compared with those of thewaves and trees in the wind they becomedwarfed: they lose subtlety, strength, charmand gaiety. Here they are worsted.But I do not think that Symons, in asser- ting his belief in the performer of our day,does more than reassert his determination toprotect this that he loves so well, and toconstruct for it one of his lasting little shrines.It is an affectionate and noble passion withhim; another man will, from love of greatmen dead, preserve their graves—the poetSymons will.It is extraordinary what an Irving, a Duse,or a Duncan gives us....and beyond thatsurely no one can go.What is it? We try to explain to otherswhen Irving is no more with us what it wasthat was so extraordinary: we even try toshow them, to make them re-see and re-hearthe wonderful things which happened. But italways ends in failure, for the being, the livebeing, is not there to exert his magnetism.It is mind in play with magnetism. Theman comes on to the stage and we are allrivetted to attention. Then he does somethingwhich is just what Symons the essayist, orHeine or Byron might do with their mindsthrough the pen. They will write twenty lines,thirty, forty, and then suddenly they start anidea or six ideas: off they go ....like finefireworks (for presumably even fireworks arein a way works of art?...) ....striking hereand there.— Often playful, often deadly.We who read are in something very likethe mood we attained to in a theatre when Isadora Duncan was dancing or EleonoraDiise acting.Can we explain it in either case ? Do westop to? rather do we enjoy and reason laterif we can. I have never known anyone whocould explain what was the art of the performer.But with the art of Byron, Heine or Symonswe can reason; there are those who can tellus what is the art of writing. Even the magicpart of it they can unravel.Not so with acting or with dancing.And, learning the craft of writing, even ifwe cannot come to write like Byron, we mayanyhow come to write well. Some even likeFlaubert, others like Stendhal, or like Pateror Defoe.Not I — not you may be — but a thirdassuredly can and does.For the art of writing, and writing, are asdistinct from one another as are the Art of theTheatre and theatricals.Improvvisation (given a certain knowledgeof the tricks) can amaze the world....charmsus all is admirable. Art is quite anotherthing.I improvise.... here I go gallopping on,not in any charming or admirable way buton in my own particular way : whereas Mr.Welby writes.He is the artist, I am only the improvi- satore. Had my calling been that of a writerI would have written like Mr. Welby andthen achieved to Mr. Symons, and lastly, afteran awful climb, have tried to get near wheremy favourite English writer sits rather alone,but with the Alps at his feet and looking asthough he rather enjoyed the view.The artist-philosopher has compensationsso immense that we need not pity him foran imagined loneliness.The art of writing at its height is the thingmy author practises. Others write and impro- vise in the air, swooping here on wings orflames, often very lovely, very enchanting, butnot writing in the strict sense of the word.And if its not to be strict, this disciplineover the arts, goodbye to all the arts sooneror later, and we need not delude ourselvesthat the hour will delay one second; for timeabides strictly by discipline, and perhaps thehour of the death of the arts is much nearerthan we may suppose.Mr. Symons has put off the hour for usin as much as he has written prose as it seems to me it should be written ; and itis not without significance that " he has vir- tually ignored the 18th century ".I adore that century ....and it is my privi- lege as one who improvises to be immunefrom its evil effects.I do not fear that period, its artificiality orits art , because I belong to a race whichhas for ever pretended. Our race and ourtheatre are young, and will in the futureperhaps come to their senses. They were youngand have refused to grow up. That's theTheatre's saving grace and its defect.Even our sense of appreciation is but youngindeed ; see how inadequately how flashily I# A* « y " — Jwrite or this fine artist — of Symons — butone of us some day will I hope make goodby producing his plays with some style.By the Producer of ft Acts and Galatea London igoi. (i) Arthur Symons, by J. Earle Webly. A. M. Philpot. Ltd.10/6 net." Dramatis Personae " ly Arthur Symons. Faber &amp;Gwyer. 8/6. ENTHUSIASM IN THREETHEATRES. J. B. IN the Norwich Elizabethan Theatre directed by Mr. Nu- gent Monck the audience expresses its attention by agreeingto keep still, and not applauding during a scene.In the Moscow Art Theatre applause was never hearduntil an end of an act.How was it expressed then? by the silence.The performers were made quite as keen by this si- lence as our Actors say they are by sundry gasps andemotional rounds of applause —, they kept bursting out— bursting in —at the Beggars Opera. On the otherhand I saw, and heard, a mixed Russian audience withmany students in it, Boo a great performer. It was Rus- sian approval; and to cap this they throw their head-gearon the stage, the idea being to throw it back again.And now for Venezia.At the four Ospedaletti the finest singing in Italywas to be heard. Visitors were forbidden to applaud —but they managed to get round the rules — for at theapex of a perfect rendering by some singer the audienceaudibly drew in their breath through their pursed lips.The place must have sounded as though a gentlewateifall was in "action.Whether the merchants of London could manage itjust as neatly as the merchants of Venezia did remains to be heard. OPERA REGISTER.FROM 1712 TO 1734. BY (FRANCIS COLMAN) THEFATHER OF GEORGE COLMAN,(THE ELDER) BRITISH CONSOLATLEGHORN. A PERFORMANCE WITH MUSICin some unknown Theatre in Italy.From a Painting by G. P. Pannini (1694-1765). Plate 3. THE Register seems not to have been published, andhas lain undisturbed in the British Museum for nearlytwo centuries.The compiler of it was passionately fond of Opera.The strange thing is that while Francis Colman died in1733 the Register goes on to 1734•We published the first part in July 1926} and givethe remainder here. Editor. II. THE Opera Theatre was not open'd thisSeason untill ye 9th January 1713/14 theybegan with ye Pastorall Opera Dorinda. TheSingers wereSigra Caterina Gallerati newly come fromItaly.Sigra Barbier.Sigr Valentino.Sigra Margarita del Epineat Common prices.Ye 16th Satt. Dorinda again23 Satt. Do27 Wensday. a New Opera calledCresus sett on ye Stage byN. Haym. ye airs being collectedfrom severall Operas from abroad,in this Opera all in Italian.Mrs Robinson made her first appearanceon ye stage.The rest of ye Singers ye same as above,price this night lL a Guin pitt &amp; Boxes. &amp;was full.29th. Friday. Cresus again, at commonprices.Febry. 3d Wensday. Cresus again D°9th Shrove Tuesday. Cresusagain13 Satt. Cresus,16 Do23 Tuesday Do27 Satt. DoThe Queen being lately return'd to S.James's from Windsor &amp; recover'd from herlate dangerous jllnesse, had a withdrawingRoom on Tuesday, &amp; her Majesty play'd atBasset, for wch reason ye Opera dayes arenow alter'd to . Thursday there being no Opera Wensday nor Fridays in Lent.March 4- Thursday, a new Italian opera bysupscription for six times at yeusuall rate of 10 Guin for 3 Tic- kets. ye opera was calledArminio.The same Singers as in Cresus.6th Satturday Arminio. ye 2nd night11 Thursday Arminio. ye 3d night13 Satt. Do 4th18 Thursday Do 5th20 Satt Do 6th&amp; last of ye subscript.Holy Week no Opera.31st March. Wensday Easter Week.Cresus.April 3. Satt. Ernelinda. reviv'd. Mrs Robinsonperform'd ye part of Ernelinda. ye same voicesas in Arminio—added ye Sigra Mannina.April ye 10th Satt. Arminio for ye Benefitof Mrs Robinson, ye Pit &amp;Boxes put togeather at */%Guin &amp; was. as full as pos- sible COU 'd be.17th Satt. Ernelinda. Benefit ofSigra Caterina Gallerati.24th Ernelinda. Benefit Signr Va- lentini.May 1 Satt. Arminius. Benefit SigraMargarita.8 Satt. Cresus. at Commonprices.12 Wensday. Ernelinda BenefitBoxkeepers.22 Satt after Whits: Cresus.29 Satt Arminius.June 5 Satt. -Ernelinda. declar'd tobe ye last.23 Wensday. Ernelinda. at yerequest of ye Dutchesse ofShrewsberry lately arrivedfrom Ireland.Ye last this season.Queen Anne died Aug1 1st 1714 abt 7of ye Clock Sunday Morning after a ShortApoplectick sicknesse.King George was Proclaimed ye sameday about 4 Clock in ye afternoon.King George &amp; ye Prince Landed atGreenwich on Satturday evening ye 18thSept. Made his Publick Entry from thencethro London to St. James's On Monday ye20th, Sept being attended by ye Lord Mayor&amp; Aldermen on Horseback, &amp; by upwards of Two Hundred Coaches 6c Six; of Nobi- lity 6c Gentlemenit was a very fine day.On Tuesday ye day after ye Kings En- try, they open'd ye Playhouse again in DruryLane 6c Mr Wilks spoke a Prologue inPraise of King George,'wch is printed byJ. Tonson.On Wensday ye 13th October ye Prin- cesse of Wales being safe arrived with yetwo little Princesses her daughters ye Eldest5,ye youngest 3 yrs old, came thro ye Cittyaccompanyed by ye Prince to St James's,where they came accompanyed by severallNoblemen 6c Ladies in Coaches by abt 4Clock in ye afternoon, this was a very fineday.On Wensday Oct. ye 20th 1714 KingGeorge was Crowned in Westminster Abby,with all ye usuall ceremonies, 6c with Greatjoy. this day was as fine a day as could pos- sibly be for ye time of year, ye weather wasmild 6c warm, little wind 6c ye Sun Shinedfrom rising to Setting, with little or next tono intermission, ye night proved also brightStar light till past 12 of ye Clock, what isremarkable is, ye day before this was a veryrainy day 6c so was ye Night, 6c ye wea- ther seem'd to be set in for rain, when aboutsix in ye Morning it clear'd up 6c ye 20thOct. proved as fine a day as could possiblybe. Ye day following ye rainy weather re- turn'd again 6c was a very rainy day, 6c someothers after, so I say it is remarkable, y* ye20th should prove so fine a day, when somany bad ones before 6c came after it.October 1714.The Opera Theatre In ye Haymarketopen'd sooner this season than usual, 6c be- gan with ye Subscription opera of last year,'called, Arminius. Satturday October ye 23ththe parts were performed by Filippo Balatry6c Mrs Barbiers part, wch was perform'd by-Sigra Stradiotti. The Prince 6c Princesse ofWales were at ye Opera this Night, ye Pitt-6c Boxes were open at ifs Guinea a Ticket,ye House was very full.Mrs Robinson perform'd her part26th Oct. 1714. Arminius again at CommonPrices.no Opera untill ye16 Nov. Tuesday. Ernelinda. ye parts muchalter'd viz.Ricimero by Sigra Diana Vico. Ernelinda by Sigra Pilotta, return'dagain to England.Rodoaldo by Sigr Filippo Ballatri. abad singer.Edwigge by Sigra Magta del Epine.Vitige by Sigra Caterina Gallerati.Edelberto by Sigra Stradiotti. a verybad Singer.price: 72 Guin. Pitt 6c Boxes open20th Nov. ye same agn at Common Prices,ye Prince 6c Princesse of Wales pre- sent. ye House not near full, ye NewSingers above mention'd meet with littleapplause as yet Mrs Robinson not sin- ging ; was by many much regretted.1714.Dec. 4th Satt. Ernelinda. at common pri- ces. Mrs Santlow danced.11 th Sat. Arminius, in wch Mrs Ro- binson perform'd ye part ofIsmena wth Dancing by MrsSantlow. ye Prince 6c Princessepresent, ye House extraordinaryfull.18th Satt. Ernelinda. ye Prince 6cPrincesse went to ye Play thisnight, ye Opera had but a thinHouse wth Dancing.30 Thursday. Rinaldo revived. Pitt6c Boxes open at 8.Rinaldo perform'd by Sigra DianaVico.Almirena, by Mrs. Robinson.Godfredo by Sigra Galarati.Armida by Sigra Pilotti.no Dancing.Jany 4th Tuesday Rinaldo. again at Com- mon prices.8th Satt. Do15th Satt. Do. ye King, Prince 6cPrincesse present, 6c a fullHouse.22 Do27 Do Thursday.29 Do Satt. a very thin house thisnight.Febry 5 Do12 Do19 Do26 Satt. Lucio Vero. a New Ita- lian Opera, by subscription YeMusick managed by Nic°Haym. Mrs. Anastatia Robinson. Si- gra Pilotti. Sigra Galerati.Sigra Diana Vico. Sigr An- gelo Zanoni, non castrato.March 5th Lucio Vero again.12th Do|9 Do.This Subscription was but for 4 times.1715.March 26th Arminius Mrs Robinson, SigraDiana Vico sung.April 2 Lucio Vero for ye Benefit ofSigra Pilotta.9 Ernelinda for ye Ben4 of Mrs.Robinson, she perform'd ye partof Ernelinda. Ye House &amp; verystage full ye King, Prince &amp;cpresent.23 th Lucio Vero for ye Ben1 of Si- gra Galerati.30 Do for ye Ben4 of Si- gnra Diana Vico.May 7th Hydaspes. Pit &amp; Boxes togea- ther at 4/2 Guin.11th Do Wensday il Signor Cav. Ni- colino Grimaldi, being again14 Do Satt. come to England, perform'd ye21 Do part of Hydaspes. ye Houseextraordinary full.25 Wensday Amadis of Gaul, anew Opera by Subscription withDancing.Nic° GrimaldiMrs. RobinsonPilottiSigra Diana Vico.Satt: King George's Birth day. ye28th. No Opera.One of ye Singers being in- disposed this Opera was notperform'd again untill the 11 th.June 11 th Satt Amadis of Gaul ye 2d timeby Subscription15 Wensday Do 3d timeby Subscription10 days very hot, no Opera.25 Satt. Rinaldo for ye Benefit ofSigr Nic° Grimaldi28 Tuesday Amadis 4th timeby SubscriptionJuly 7 Satt. Do 5th timeDo 9 Do Do 6th time&amp; last by Subscrn.23 Do Hydaspes K. Georgeat it ye last Opera for thisSeason — ye Rebellion inEngl. &amp; Scotland ye occa- sion.October ye 31th 1715.No Opera performed since ye 23th July,ye Rebellion of ye Tories &amp; Papists beingye cause—ye King &amp; Court not liking to gointo such Crowds these troublesome times,but it is hoped in a short time the Rebellswill be Confounded.I shall keep no further acc* of Operas inyt Exactness as before perhaps a remark ona New Opera now &amp; then as ye humourtakes.Vanity of Vanity all is Vanity. 1715 1716The Rebellion in England being quelledby Taking ye Lords &amp; others Prisonersat Preston &amp; that in Scotland much keptunder.Febry 1st 1715/16 began to open yeTheatre ye King pres1 withye opera of Lucius Verus.—by Nic° Grimaldi.Febry 11th Lucius Verus again.— Nic0Grimaldi ye only good singer.Febry ye 16th Amadis. in this Opera MrsRobinson did sing also.21th Amadis again.March 3 Amadis for ye Benefit of Mrs,Robinson.6 Amadis again.10 Pyrrhus &amp; Demetrius, reviv'dwth alterations: tho none inNic° Grimaldi's pt. Songs.Signr Ant. Bernacchi firsttime.13 Do again Sigra D. Vico.17 Do Sigra Elena Cro- ce Viviani singers.24 Do Mrs Robinson.April 18 Cleartes. a new Opera by Sub- scription.21 Do25 DoDoMay 2 Pyrrhus &amp; Demetrius (Nic°Grimaldi's Beneft.5 Cleartes by subscr. 9 Hydaspes. Sigra Pillotti'sBenefit.12 Cleartes by Subsid.15 Pyrrhus &amp; Demetrius withsome New scenes by SigrR CIghci26 Do Sigra Diana Vico'sBenefit.May (sic) 2 Do Bernacchi's Benefit.13 Cleartes. Sigra Elena Croi- ce's Benefit.20 Amadis. for ye Beneft of yeInstrumentall-musick.30 Cleartes.July 11 Amadis.In ye Summer 1720.Sigra Durastanti first appeard at yeTheatre in Haymarket, she sings very well,in ye Winter Sa &amp; Signor Senesino, a fa- mous Eunuch came, his singing likewise muchadmired, he supplyed Sigr Nicolino's ab- sense &amp; is in person &amp; action very like him.1721.Astartus. Opera ye first he sung in, inEngland.1721 Arsaces Opera, ye second, SigrFrancesco Bernardi called Senesino.these two Operas took much: very fineAnno 1722 DecrSigra Francesca Cuzzoni first sung atye Theatre above sd towards ye endof this year in the Opera called Ot- tone—&amp; was extreemly admired&amp; often performedSigra Durastanti sung also in yeSigr Senesino [ said Opera &amp;Mrs Ana Robinson } pleased muchJanry 172 V3Farnace, Opera ye Same singersCoriolano. Opera Do pleased muchL' Erminia Opera BoscherecciaFlavio Opera Singers as aboveEnded in June 1723a Motto proper for A Square. Holborn.Rus in Urbe. Decr 1723.The same singers begin with an Operail Vespasiano. opera did not pleaseJanry 172 V4Giulio Cesare in Egitto. OperaAquilio. Opera ye last this season, inthis Signora Durastanti took her leave of ye Audience designing to return toItaly &amp; sing here no moreshe sung very finely. in Nov. 1724 beginsTamerlano. Opera NewSigra Cuzzoni &amp; Sigr Senosino stillremain here &amp; are much esteemedArtaxerxes a New OperaJulius Cesare in Egypt revived Opera1725Rodelinda by Sigr HendelDario in ye HaymarketElpidia, in May 1725, a short Opera,this pleased—&amp;continued to be oftenperform'd to ye 19th June which wasthe last for ye seasonNov. 30. 1725The sd Op era House was open'd &amp;begins with Elpidia—with ye Additionof severall Airs.The musick composed by nes*n&lt;?Signer Lionardo Vicini Sigra Cuzzoni° ; are still hereDec. 4 Elpidia again ye 7th Do ye11 th Do ye 14th Do18 Rodelinda Do ye 21th Do28th DoJan. 1 Rodelinda. Do ye 4th ye 8th&amp; ye 11 th15 Eliza a new Opera Do ye18th 22th &amp; 25thgiven outbut not performed till the 8thFeb. 5 Ottone revived Do ye 8th &amp;so on untillMar. 12th Scipio ; a new Opera Do ye15th to Apl. 30May 5th Alessandro. a New Opera,ye 7th ye 10th ye 12 thenew Songs (0 Signora Fau- stina's first Opera, the 14 May17th, 19th, 2 !th, 24th, 26th&amp; 31thJune 4th the same again &amp; ye 7th yelast for ye Season, Senesinowent abroad1726/7Senesino being return'd to England—Faustina &amp; Cuzzoni, hereJanry 7th Satt. Lucius Verus by Attilio Ariosti—words &amp; Musick newOpera begins—10 Do 14 Do — 17 Do —21 Do 24 Do 28 DoJanry 31th Tuesday Admetus a newHendel Opera—Mar. 18th perform'd 13 times more wththis day—21 Do 25 Do — Satt day— Settimana SantaApr. 4 Easter Tuesday, Admetusagain, &amp; was declared forSatturday, but Sigra Fau- stina being taken very ill —no Opera was perform'd —during all this time the Housefilled every night fuller thanever was known at any Operafor so long together — 16timesCuzzoni ill—I more beingwellMay 6 Astijanax a new Opera, 9th13th &amp; 15th. Whit eve none— Buononcini composed it23 Astyanax ye 27 &amp; 30 DoJune ye 3d &amp; 6thFinis for this seasonThe Opera began soon this season 1727even in September ye Middlethe New King &amp; Queen often at them—the same singers as ye last viz. FaustinaCuzzoniSigr Senesino—Eunuchye rest as before —Sigr Attilio composed all Operas wchdid not takeSigr Hendel next composed an OperaCalled K. Richard ye 1st &amp;perform'd six times to 28 Novr&amp; severall times after, untillDeer 172729 The Opera Alessandro, re- vivedJanry 2 1728 ye Same again, ye 6thDo Do Do &amp;cIn Feb:y Siroes, a new Opera, ye Mu- sick by Mr Hendel—ye same singers—after this season was over TheThree famous singers beforemention'd return'd to Italy inye sumer where they remain'd,there being no Opera in En- gland the Winter 1728 &amp;Spring 1729. In November 1729 Opera's began againwith an entire new company of singers—LaSigra Strada del Po was ye Cheife &amp; bestthe rest little esteem'dan Eunuch called Bernacchi. 1730—Bernacchi eone1730Nov. 3 Tuesday Opera's began wthp» • •bcipioSenesino being return'd char- m'd much: the rest as lastyear—Scipio 4 times to Sat- urday ye 14 Nov: the King,Queen &amp;c there each night.Deer 1730The Opera Parthenope—revivedVenceslaus New Opera—did not take1° FebruaryOrmisda, revived severall timesMarch 1 731Porus K. of the Indies—New by Mr.Hendel : it took muchson confusa Pastorella &amp;cRinaldo—revived, with some alterationsRedelinda, revived &amp; took muchthe last performance was on Safc- turday ye 29th May 1731 (veryHot weather). Novr 1731Operas begin with Porus K. of ye Indiesother's are revived—Senerino hereIn Janry Ezio—a New Opera, Clothes &amp;all ye Scenes New—but did notdraw much CompanyIn Febry Sosarmes — a New Opera — tookmuch by Hendell — &amp; was formany Nights much crowded tosome peoples admiration—1732.March 25 Coriolanus. revived Coriolanus.April 18th Flavio Re di Longotardi—revi-ved fro 1723.not perform'd oftenMay 29 Hester Oratorio or sacred Drama,english all ye Opera singers in asort Gallery no acting was per- formed six times &amp; very full.May ye 23 Lucius Papirius a New OperaHandell it did not take K. Geo. gone to HanoverTune. Acis &amp; Galletea—a Serenata byMr Handellto ye 17th Satr Acis &amp; Galletea again—-allye SingersJune 24th: an Pastorall Entertainmt by Si- gr Bononcini's BenefitSigr Senesino &amp; others sung,the Queen 3 Princesses &amp; Pr.Wales pres\ Begins Sat 4 Novr 1732 Opera at ye Hay- marketCato — a New Opera, ye Mu- sick bySigr SenesinoSigra StradaSigra Celeste Grismonda,new from Italy a full Houseye King—Queen &amp;c thereNov. 7 Cato again, .King &amp; Queenthere—Satt. 11 Cato, again — a thin House —none of ye Roy all family there,being gone to Richmond.14 Do—a thin HouseSatt: 18 Do "21 No Opera Sigra Grismondahad a Cold23 Alexander reviv'd—The King&amp;c all at ye Opera a full House28 Do a thin HouseDeer 2 Do Satturday May 15th 1726 N:first perform'd,5 Acis &amp; Gallatea—Serenata re- vived. Handell.19 Alexander againSattr 30 AlexanderJanry 13 Ptolomey revived1732-3Janry 27 Orlando Furioso a New Opera 5by HandelThe Cloathes &amp; Scenes allNew—Febr 3 Do extraordinary fine &amp; magni- ficent—perform'd several! timesuntil SatturdayMarch 3d Floridante an Old Opera revivedby Do: to Tuesday March ye13thSatt day 17 Deborah an Oratorio by Ditto1733 the Operas ended in June Haymarket. Handells HouseSigra Margarita Durastanti returnedto EnglandOct. 30: Tuesday K. G. Birthday.Semeramis. a new OperaNov. 3d Do6 Do10 Do13 Otho revivedArbaces a new Opera did nottake at allJanry pmo Ariadne in Crete (1) a newOpera &amp; very good &amp; perform'dvery often — Sigr Carestinosung surprisingly well: a newEunuch—many times perform'd1734April 18 Pastor Fido—by Handell—Opera Lincolns Inn Fields. Senesino'sHousea New Opera open'd in January 173 3/4Ariadne in Naxus, Sigr SenesinoSigra Cuzzoni re- turn'd fro ItalySigra CelesteSigra BertolliSigr Montagna Base&amp; Sigra Sagatti (1) Evidently an abbreviation for Songstress, Editor. (1) Francis Colman—was he dead—or living? TheConcise Dictionary of National Biography (Oxford Press)gives us George Colman elder and younger but no Francis—all it says of the father is that he died 1733—and thathe was British Envoy in Florence.If he died in 1733 how did he write these last linesof this " Opera register " ?This is, one supposes, the Ariadne in Crete thatColman is said to have written. Editor. THE TEATRO IN MACERATA 1665-1765. Plate 4. SOUTH of Ancona in the Marche lies the city of Macerata. And on January 27th in the year 1665 the first theatreto be built there, since that of the ancient Romans, was opened with "La Dori " dramma per musica. This was alsothe first opera to be given in Macerata, written by Cesti (1620-1669) one of the composers who did much for the progress ofthe teatro drammatico, says Bertini.Marcantonio Cesti was a churchman from Arezzo : became a pupil of Carissimi, then Maestro di cappella at Florence(1646) ; member of the papal choir (1660) ; and yet spite of this wrote for the Theatre and " contribul molto ai progressi delteatro drammaticoHow can that be? asks Level Head, "when he wasn't a dramatist and only wrote music". Cannot someone settlewith Level Head and let us get on with our work ?Cesti's " II Porno d'Oro " was produced in 1668 at the Court theatre, Vienna, whither he had gone at the end of hislife to serve as vice capellmeister. Getting there he found an ally in Burnaccini the younger, who built the theatre anddesigned the decors for this opera " 11 Porno d'OroThe design of the proscenium and scene given here, for the earlier piece in Macerata, is an interesting one, because,while a writer of the time asserts that the designs are not exact, we see that an attempt has been made by the designernot to exaggerate the proportions of the proscenium by dwarfing the figures. The attempt is generally in the other di- rection, and no one excels in this so much as Piranesi; but his excuse is that he had before him the example of Roma, andshe the habit of dwarfing human beings.The name of the designer of this engraving seems so far to have escaped everybody.In 1765 the theatre was demolished and in 1767 the Teatro Lauro Rossi was built under the direction of Cosimo Mo- relli from designs by Francesco Bibiena who had died in 1739. ALLEN CARRIC. IBSEN'S "PRETENDERS"AT THE ROYAL THEATRECOPENHAGEN AN INTERVIEW WITH MR. GORDON CRAIGON THE RECENT FESTIVAL PERFORMANCE. Conrad Tower. A DESIGN FOR A STAGE SCENE.By Gordon Craig. Plate 5. THE Royal Theatre of Copenhagen haslong held a distinguished position in theannals of the Europ ean Theatre. It rankshigh among the great historic playhouses, andpossesses the distinction of being actuallythree Theatres in one, since Drama, Operaand Ballet reign there together without quar- relling. The portraits in its foyer testify toa long succession of brilliant and serious per- sonalities who have worked in and for it;and it was in honour of two eminent mem- bers of one of the old Theatre families thatthe recent festival performance of Ibsen's" Pretenders " was given on November14th 1926 &lt;«&gt;.This performance, in celebration of thetwenty-fifth stage anniversary of those two Da- nish actors, Adam and Johannes Poulsen andcarried out with the collaboration of Mr. Gor- don Craig, was a notable event in the EuropeanTheatre; interesting not only in itself, but asevidence of the spirit of the new movementwhich is manifesting itself in ever fresh quar- ters ; continually reasserting its vitality throughan increasing number of adherents and overan always wider field.Knowing that Mr. Craig had been drawnto Copenhagen by the invitation of Adam andJohannes Poulsen, and remembering thatMr. Johannes Poulsen had about a year agoexpressed in the Daily Telegraph his admira- tion of Mr. Craig's work with understanding,1 sought an opportunity to ask Mr. Craigsomething about these brothers Poulsen, andthe Royal Theatre, and to discover to whatextent the New Movement has affected theCopenhag en Theatre as a whole.I knew, even before Mr. Craig himselfreferred to it, that the chief reason whichhad drawn him to Copenhagen had been thedirect and manly attitude of these Poulsen bro- thers towards him. The sons of the tragic actor, Emil Poulsen,and nephews of Olaf Poulsen, the comic actor,they enjoy a natural prestige in the DanishTheatre. Mr. Adam Poulsen was for a timethe director of the large theatre in Helsingfors,Finland, while Mr. johannes Poulsen holdsthe position of chief actor in the Royal Thea- tre of Copenhagen ; and it was primarily onhis initiative that the invitation to Mr. Craigwas extended, just as it had been throughhis enthusiasm that the spirit of the New Move- ment has for some time now begun to movein the Royal Theatre.For, when I asked Mr. Craig to whatextent the New Movement has affected theCopenhagen Theatre, he replied " Far morethan 1 should have thought was possible con- sidering that it is a State Theatre "; and hewent on to explain that Johannes and AdamPoulsen had both been students of his wri- tings since 1901, and " of all my 1901 to1908 drawings ". That they have studiedin a good spirit, to learn and advance, isevidenced by Johannes Poulsen's own wordsrelative to Mr. Craig's recent visit: —" Gor- don Craig has taught me so much by saying,and drawing attention to, many things whichwere really as clear as daylight.... whenonce they had been said. Constantly I askedmyself: ' Why haven't you found that outyourself ? You know that it is right '. "Having understood that the CopenhagenRoyal Playhouse is what may be called a" traditional " theatre, an old-fashioned one,....that is, up-to-date in machines but tradi- tional in expression, I asked Mr. Craig whe- ther Mr. Poulsen, imbued with the new ideas,the fresh vitality in the theatre life of recentyears, wishes actually to alter that. "Is heaiming to do this systematically ? " I asked," or will your visit have been only one event,and the old traditions and methods then beresumed ?" No " answered Mr. Craig, " It is, asyou say, Mr. Poulsen who is aiming at thischange and advance. Fifteen to twenty yearsago it would have been impossible to havemade the commonsense changes which 1 wasthen, 1 believe, one of the first to advocateas well as practise: now all these changeshave been adopted. Many of my suggestionshave been in nightly use in this traditionalstronghold for some years ".The machines, which we of the New Movement are apt to laugh at, are reallyvery good and often very helpful: sometimesthey are, it is true, a great nuisance; but onthe whole they surprise me by the excellentway in which they support the ideas of theartist; so that this can only mean that themechanic or technician has all this time beentrying to be the real friend of the artist.Now and again he has gone a little too farand run on too quickly, by himself, and so hehas assembled too many wheels, cogs, ropes,buttons, etc. ; but that was because the ar- tist and the technician were not able to meettogether sufficiently often and confer about itall. But considering all things, and allowing forthe fact that he has had to go op alone, hehas really done well for the artists ".44 This, of course ", he continued, 44 refersonly to what is mechanical and scenic; andin Copenhagen it is on a big scale : a scale,if not bigger than at Paris and Milano,almost as big ".1 asked Mr. Craig whether, in this re- cent production, he was able to use any ofthose discoveries of late years to which hehas alluded in various of his writings.... al- though without ever giving any clue to whatthey were, apparently rendered careful byformer piratical experiences; or whether hewas still unable to adopt any of these untilhe has his own theatre, and had now usedonly fresh expressions and developments ofhis earlier methods.44 Oh no **, he replied, 44 1 have onlyused improvisations on my first expressions of1900-1906 and those earlier days. It is tooearly yet to show the other things. 44 I sup- pose **, he added in reply to a question asto whether there had been any relation be- tween this production and his 191 1 44 Ham- let " in Moscow, and whether his famousScreens were in use, 44 it would be impos- sible for a spectator who had seen, obser- vingly, former productions, not to notice somerelationship of work of one period with thework of another period ". THE SCENE. AS for that trifle, the sceneries, he saidthere was only one scene varied abouttwelve times ; a scene " made for the ac- tors " ; and he added with pleasure that theactors in Copenhagen had passed that ver- diet on this scene. It is what the great Sal- vini, speaking as an actor and for the actors,had said on first seeing the designs in Flo- rence, .... " It releases them THE POULSEN BROTHERS. AND now, Mr. Craig ", I asked, 44 aboutthese actors and the stage management,and something about Mr. Johannes Poulsen in- dividually. Is he, besides being the leadingactor of the Theatre, also director and ma- nager, with complete control and authority ? ".No replied Mr. Craig, 44 neither di- rector nor manager; but he has a peculiarpower because he is, as you know, the sonof the tragic actor Emit Poulsen, and nephewof Olaf Poulsen the comic actor, both ofwhom were greatly respected; moreover heis himself a man of many parts, extremelygifted—always active—the darling of the pub- lic, and reminding me of all I have read ofDavid Garrick. He is probably the mostversatile performer in Europe. He can playyou Shy lock, dance in a Ballet, sing in anOperetta and act in a Farce ".44 And what of Mr. Adam Poulsen? "44 A serious excellent actor, devoted tothe well-being of the stage, who will leavethe stage richer than he found it. I havestill more to say of Adam Poulsen some day EFFECTUAL COLLABORATION. JOHANNES Poulsen wished to put the wholetheatre and troupe at my disposition, andwas always saying, 4 It is work wewant, it is your work \ In fact they all, andespecially Johannes, would ask me not to dotoo little but too much. But for all that Iwas only assisting in their production, ....notactually myself producing the piece ".-r 44 But was it possible ", I asked, 44 foryou to 4 assist * another ? Is it not inevitablethat the whole thing becomes so inspired,dominated and moulded by you as to beactually your production and not simply ' as- sisted in ' by you ?44 No ; what I say became possible: butit was only possible ", said Mr. Craig, 44 be- cause Mr. Poulsen and I did try very muchto collaborate. That means that while eachkeeps his own view he never ceases to lookat what his colleague is up to, and quickly fits into that. It's like a dance—-and Johannescan dance. He has what we call the swing ". "THE PRETENDERS". I then asked Mr, Craig what he thought ofthe play. &lt;! The Pretenders ", which hadbeen chosen for production; recalling at thesame time that one of his first productionswas " The Vikings ", and one of his lastwas also an Ibsen play,... " Rosmersholm "for Madame Duse." The Pretenders' ", said he, " is a won- derful play. It deals with a not very exci- ting subject; no hair-raising moments makeit especially " theatrical " in the old senseof the word; and yet it is a play that it wasa delight to work on, although so terriblydifficult to make anything out of. I believe,when Reinhardt produced it in Berlin, it wastaken off after a short time, and I can findno mention of it in any of the books aboutthe work he and his assistants have done ". DISCIPLINE AND GOOD WILL. AS evidence of the intensity with whichthe work went on, and the speed of theDanes when they get to work, Mr. Craigtold me that, when he arrived in Copenhagenin the beginning of October, no preliminaryWork had even commenced: ...."Nothing wasdone or even prepared He found, how- ever, " a finely disciplined troupe,—very ablepeople and this enabled much to be ac- complished in a brief space. Good will andcourtesy were in the ascendant. THE COMPANY. AND in recalling some of the details ofthe work he spoke again and againwith warmth of Adam and Johannes Poulsen,and of the friendliness which had been thedetermining factor in his visit to Copenhagen ;and of the company of actors : " They havea certain grace.... less than mild and more likeyouth : . ..an indescribable sweetness andcourtliness not very often found in a Thea- tre : something you can neither buy noracquire quickly; it has to be there and ithas to grow ". " Don't you remember ", headded, " the grace, the gentle outlook ofHans Christian Andersen, the Dane whose books we have all read? Well, that grace isin the Theatre Royal; ....and it is outside ittoo. It is in their streets, their shops; theygather in their houses and dine with thatgrace, and rise to make affectionate littlespeeches on occasion with all the ease ofthe great diplomats of [the political world;and all they seem to wish to say is "Iremember once upon a time " ....and whatthey remember is something dear to them. THE THEATRE IN DENMARK. " /AN the whole " Mr. Craig continued, theV_y Danish people is very enthusiastic aboutthe Theatre ; it plays a very important partin their lives. The public and the newspapersare always talking of the Theatre.They very often like to say that theyknow how to manage this huge theatre betterthan the Directors do. The only commentto this is that theoretically they may be right—but let anybody try!" What public opinion is apt to forget "he went on, " is that the difficulties neveralter, even when you have changed the ma- nagement. There are no directors in theworld that have not these same difficulties,and these difficulties yet remain to be solved.What 1 have written in the last twenty yearsstill seems to me to remain rather apt andso far as I can see still cries out to be putin to practice. Sufficient effort has not beenmade in any pari of the world to be rid ofthe root evils. The moment an effort ismade to do something to effect a change,fear and compromise set in. To get the stageforward there must be far less compromise.Respect traditions which have value but donot hug dead traditions ".There is little question that, in the theatreworld, this reappearance of Mr. Craig in activetheatre work, and especially in so unexpecteda quarter as Copenhagen, has given pleasureto those managers and producers v/ho fearedthat he was buried among his books in Italy;perhaps a few were on the alert, apprehensiveas to what he was going to spring on them. A NEW WORD. Iasked Mr. Craig if he did not think sotoo, but he negatived the idea. "Be- lieve me he said, " this is not the case. Relieve me, that most managers are so scep- tical, are so tired, that they do not care whatanybody says, does or thinks so long as thehouses are full. The life of the Theatrerenders them sceptical. We oj the NewMovement " he added with great seriousness," have still to change the very life of theTheatre. We have changed the art a gooddeal—we will now change the life ". Adding,as his last word : " The world of the Theatreis sick; and so only that, ....the changingof the life ... .can brace it up. COPENHAGEN'S APPRECIATION. THAT Copenhagen appreciated what Mr.Craig brought there was evidenced by thecrowds which have been thronging to everyperformance. On the first night the housewas packed at double prices ; the box-officeopened at 10-30 in the morning, every seatbeing sold by I o'clock : and the managementhas had the satisfaction, not only of havingoffered the city so noble a production, butalso of seeing, as the weeks pass, a conspi- cuous financial success.Moreover, in addition to the enthusiasticreception of the production, there are notlacking abundant evidences of, the enthusiasmand sincerity with which Mr. Craig's feelingsof friendship towards his collaborators are re- ciprocated on all sides in Copenhagen.Mrs Nina Bang, the Minister of PublicInstruction, speaking previous to the first nightin the Danish Parliament, referred admiringlyto 88 a prominent English guest, who unweari- ingly and without any compensation lends veryvaluable assistance towards the production of8 The Pretenders ' in the finest artistic form ".Adam Poulsen, in reply to a question askedin an evening paper (October 28th), how itwas possible to instruct Danish actors, to in- fluence their acting, without knowing oneword of Danish ? wrote:88 Mr. Craig is not an Anglo-Saxon, notGerman, not Slav, not Roman, not Scandi- navian. He is a sum of all these—a sum ofall humanity.... Schooled and purified in life,intuitive and genial in regard to all problemsof the world of illusion, he governs the Artof the Stage in a sublime, and at present,unique, way, ....there is none to comparewith him And he concluded his enthu- siastic and affectionate tribute to Mr. Craig's position in the Theatre, and to his gifts andpersonality as an artist, with the words:" He does this work in every respect unsel- fishly ; and his grand gift is received by theartists of the Royal Theatre with real inte- rest and joyI wish 1 could print Johannes Poulsen'sspeech at the banquet which followed theperformance and hope to do so in the Aprilnumber." What was it about? " I asked Mr.Craig. Well, I don't like to say " he ans- wered. " Ask Poulsen ".... And so I will,and then I will tell the readers of " TheTk/I 1 99 Mask . (i) This is the second time it has been produced, thefirst production being in 3871. January nth, with Emil Poul- sen (father of Adam and Johannes), as Bishop Nikolas. It is aremarkable fact that the Royal Theatre was this year pre- pared to revise the entire production and present the playwithout being tied to its older method of presentation. A PERFORMANCE WITH MUSIC. A. C. THE Painting by G. P. Pannini, shown in Plate 3was painted about 1729, and is in the Louvre. Thereit is called " Conceit a Rome de Gabriello PaniniIf in Rome it can represent only the Teatro Aliberti,the Teatro Tor di Nona, Teatro Capranica, the TeatroBarberini or the Teatro Argentina.I am inclined to suppose it either Teatro Aliberti orthe Tor di Nona.It is also said to represent a " Concert at Rome 1729on the occasion of the Birth of a son to Louis XVBut how if it should prove to be a Neapolitan Theatre ?It is the kind of thing one is tempted to ask M. Wiener of Bruxelles to solve for us once and for all. THOSE W-HO HUG THEIR WEALTH. RICH BUT TIMID PATRONS OF THE ARTS ARE LIKE OPHELIA —-THEY THINK WE MEAN COUNTRY MATTERS,...(vide 1 Hamlet \ Act j, Scene 2, Lines 108-112). BLUSHING IN THELIME LIGHT BY HENRY PHIPS. 0) YOU and I have seen hundreds of actorsand actresses taking their call.It is not so easy a matter as one wouldsuppose, after doing a good piece of work,to stand in the centre of the stage amidstthunders of applause while the curtain goesup and down and up again—and again. Butthe great actor—if such an adjective is stillin use—knows well how to take a call.Irving could take a call or half a dozencalls. He rejected none of the enthusiasm,neither did he bathe in it: he stood hisground quietly.Bernhardt was effusive—overcome— ; en- tered first from one side, then from the other,then from the centre : stood and swayed andput out her arms on ea'ch side of her. Shedid bathe in it all—seemed to be dippingand splashing it over her head.I forget what Duse did ; even when actingshe was so unlike other actresses, that I forone was seldom able to say after a perfor- mance "she did so—or so".Ellen Terry seemed happy and seemedto be thanking us.And there have been some actors whoseemed to be saying. "Oh no---not for me—this ovation is not deserved ". They werethe " little me" actors ; it is the very littlestattitude the circumstance demands. For tobe in the limelight and play the modest foolis a blunder.It is growing fashionable, this passion forpretending to be nobody in the limelight.Not only are actors being praised todayfor standing in a corner with their backs to usrather than in the centre, but other publi- cists off stage are even being laughed atfor it.Mr. Bernard Shaw is putting on the pose.It would be as right as rain if Mr. Shawwere out of the limelight; but he has be- come a very public figure,... even a Nobelprizeman.... and seems not to know how totake the calls. When we see remarkable men at their work, and our admiration for the resultis genuine, we must perforce leave them with- out applause, tip-toeing out of their studies;—they are workers—and private men.But when it comes to the public appea- rances something is due to the silly publicof which I form one. My cheers and ap- plause are worth a kindly word. Mr. G. B.Shaw's recent phrase " There are no greatmen nowadays " seems to me to be a vainphrase meaning nothing. If I feel I am nota great man I need not tell the Public ;it knows it: still, if I must assert that I amnot a great man then of course I must; butto assert that he who is listening to me isnot one, nor his friend either, is merely at- tempting to take cover under numbers : "Wethree "....I take Mr. Baldwin (t) to be a great man ;.... he don't look it but he performs like one:so that to say there are no great men is rudeto him and makes me no greater. I should saySignor Mussolini is a great man: and so rae- thinks is Mr. Edison, and certain orators, pain- ters and musicians have the touch of greatness.Goodness, richness, cunning, wit, cele- brity, power, physique, wealth, are no gua- rantees for greatness. A man is great orsmall in the way in which these things, ofwhich he may possess but a pinch, pass throughhim and affect him.When money gets hold of a man, un- less he puts it to valuable uses, he acts likea small man: there are many millionaireswho are very small. Their wealth acts onthem like strong drink;—they stagger. Cele- brity is dangerous too: and Iam told thateven too much talent is not easy to carry.As for Goodness—what greatness is neededif you are not to reek of your goodness; yetfolk believe one can not have too much ofthe genuine stuff.I do not suppose Jeanne d'Arc was apiece of perfection, but she was obviously agreat woman for she carried her burden well....and it was a heavier load than her highnessshould have been subjected to.She was not vain ; she did not cry out" Look what I've done for France and see how France treats me—deserting me—sel-ling me—".We are not all as brave as that. Sheanyhow took her call with spirit—and in thelimelight showed up like a star.It is difficult. The shouts and the warmthof the reception offered to a popular publicman are for the moment so overwhelming tothe mind, that the only thing he can do is tosuffer the ordeal, shut off his mind, deadenhis senses, and stand his ground as did Irving.Irving had an advantage over Shaw, forexample. He received an ovation three hun- dred nights out of the year. The first ova- tion he suffered was a round of cat-calls : ayear or two later, following on, it developedinto solid hissing ; — that was in Dublin. Forthree or four nights they hissed him and booedhim the whole time he was on the stage.A round of applause a few years latermust have seemed tolerable to him. Hemay have remarked the close resemblancebetween love and hate when expressed bya noise. He smiled faintly, but apparentlywithout feeling, when he took his call. Some- times he would dispense with even the smile.But he never forgot he was in the limelight—and that he was the Public's " loving faithfulservantWhen you can no longer look like aloving servant (let alone feel like one) how■can anyone recognize that you are a great man. (i) Mr' Fred Terry recently penned a .short article for aLondon Daily in which he protested that there was 44 Toomuch limelight for actors There was a time when MrTerry objected that there was not enough limelight for him. (i) 44 Mr, Baldwin is very fond of telling his friends how" he met in a train a man who was at Harrow with him : 44 I44 seem to know your face," said the other man. tl I am44 Stanley Baldwin, " said the Premier. 44 Oh of course I44 remember now, " was the reply, 14 By the way, what are44 you doing now ? " ON THE MEMOIRSOF ACTRESSES. J. S. THEY seldom write these Memoirs them- selves.Could they ? Would the memoirs then be;worth something — and permanent and good1to turn to for many a year ? or would the great,actress, who can get over the footlights, fail'utterly to get herself on to the written page ?Such memoirs would be honest anyhow; .....bare ; and the whole praise and blame wouldgo to the author. Whatever the final verdict,,no one could then say the thing was dishonest.And the honesty would at least live on, evenif the lack of art — the art of the writer —-dor ever proclaimed the result a failure. So I for one am decidedly in favour ofthe actress who takes her courage and honestyfirmly in hand and writes her book alone;writes it so as at least to make it clear shedidn't wish later on to put any blame for itsindiscretions on the shoulders of someone else.This she does over and over again nowadays.Mrs. Charke (an almost unknown actress)wrote her book alone. She was the daugh- ter of Mr. Colley Cibber and a woman ofno common order.... but her book is strangelypoor — and she so rich in personality. It hadbeen better she had not wr itten her " Life ".The Memoirs of Clairon came out followedby those of her rival Dumesnil. Are theseauthentic ? .... they are full of bitterness andpompousness — two stupid affectations 1am sure the ladies seldom aired in theirlives. They must have been two most de- lightful persons and were, we are assured,really great actresses. But their Memoirsbetray them.Did they write them alone ? were theyaided?... and who gained by the folly?Madame Bernhardt's Memoirs, if com- pressed into a small book of 100 pages,ruthlessly cut by a friend, would have beenremarkable. As it is they are a little foolishand often curiously cattish.Now Sarah Bernhardt was the last personIn the world who could be called cattish ;at times she, like any other, may have scratch- ed and been as petty as the smallest; —but she was a sweet being or a fine fury ora great performer ; she was not an anonymouspost-card sender, .... yet, by George, she ap- pears like it in her Memoirs.Duse's Memoirs have yet to appear, or elsea " Life " written by someone with ability.A hastily made up volume which already ap- peared (I) — not badly done, and containingsome charming passages, and the whole evident- ly well meant, — proves that it's a dishonestpractice anyhow, this concocting of Memoirs.But who can one blame most ? Duse or hercasual historian ? The pair of them seem tome to be rendered quite ridiculous (2).What will C.elia's or Delia's Memoirs belike, one wonders.We see her at her task. She takes someeighteen bundles of letters and tells her dis- Cipitej aft enthusiast who has travelled threethousand miles perhaps to help her — formemoirs are done up to get money — " Hereare these eighteen bundles of letters. Theserrom my great friends.... from Bernhardt, fromfully, from Rodin, from Sarasate, from Irvine#,from Coquelin and from Salvini. See whatyou can make of them and quote them I have underlined them in redWhat a gory correspoixdeuQe klined. .ooks soThis would be, will af'w®-''way to go about the work /s be, the fatalThinking to. avpid Fher dear friend; to ,aroe by leaving it tobe so thproijghfv .eii us her tale, she willtrayed by- E given away, so utterly be- protesls er friend, that even when shefe* .ater that she wrote for moneyyjr pU(; }ier friend on to write and writefor her — and that she herself is not tobe held responsible, it is, alas, she and nother friend who will be damned.To write the Life of Sheridan, that im- mense and baffling personality, neither JohnWatkins L. L. D. nor Thomas Moore wassufficiently well equipt — and Moore had some genius for biography.To write such a man's life ! even doubtwhether such a master as Lytton Stracheywould be enough. Queen Victoria lendsherself better to portraiture, she sits so still.Sheridan, who is all contradiction, all electri- city, who will not sit still, baffles everyone.These reflections come to me when think- ing what is the best method for an emotionalactress — and most actresses are of Sheri- dan's family —to use when attempting towrite those most difficult things to write44 MemoirsAt the very best, unless gifted in a greatdegree with a knowledge of to write,she will do only harm to herself. It will beas though a great poet should assay to per- form the chief part in one of his own plays.Feeling he is the thing itself, he would beunconscious that he is who he is,... he wouldbelieve he is the being his words blazed intolife — and all the time he will be but apathetic parody of a man strutting, mouthing,fidgetting, doing all he would be the first tolaugh at could he but see himself lookinglike a poor fool — the farce of a man.No, the best method of all is to write no 44 Memoirs (1) Reviewed in *' The Mask" for April 1925.(2) Since this was written several more books on the Life*of Duse have appeared, and 44 The Mask " will treat of thesein an early number. Editor. DISCOVERY AFTERFOURTEEN YEARS.AMALGAMATED DELIRIUM. J. B. TN i»-|2 " The Mask •" published an illus- trated article entitled ** 1he Best Theatrein London ".The author of the article was the wellknown Russian writer Edward Edwardovitch.He claimed that the best Theatre in Londonwas Mr. Pollock's Toy Theatre, No. 73,Hoxton Street, Shoreditch, E. C.He gave us a reproduction of an exqui- site and ancient view of Mr. Pollock's houseas seen from the outside, and several Pollock,designs at their best.Another article in the same number byD. Nevile Lees did full justice to R. L. Ste- venson's 4 discovery' of the Theatre of Skelt,.one of Pollock's forerunners ; and, in yet ano- ther article, Jack B. Yeats and his life-longlove and service in the Skeltean- Pollockiancause was recorded by Allen Carrie. A BELATED SURPRISE. All, this was done fourteen years ago ; andnow the journals of London are accep- ting the puff paragraphs of the Diaghileffpress agents, telling how the said impresarioDiaghileff, led by Mr. Sitwell, was taken toMr. Pollock's shop and saw—literally saw—the said Theatre of which Edwardovitchwrote in 1912.44 It was ", says the press agent, 44 a surprisefor M. Diaghileff ".Toy Theatres exist in every land, and inRussia they have many pretty toys. TheseRussian toys have always served as inspira- tion to the artists af the Diaghileff troupe.And now our Toy Theatres serve to44 inspire " Prince Shervachidze who hasdesigned his curtains, sceneries and dresses for 44 The Triumph of Neptune " for M. Dia- ghileff.— So the English press agents tell usin the columns of the London journals.And it is all not a little depressing.—Imean the fact that first Edwardovitch and nowDiaghileff (both presumably Russians) were al- lowed by Mr. Playfair to get ahead of him, thefirst by fourteen years, the second by a head. For really these toy playthings belong toithe little Lyric up Hammersmith way.—To* enlarge them to the size of Mr. Play fair's■ stage, would have been to make of them a? natty little show ; but to swell them up to: the proportions of the Lyceum stage makesens almost sympathise with Mr. St. John Er- vine in his Sunday morning reflection, as her gazes in his glass while shaving, that " Ener- ■ getic men without taste are the gravest dan- ger to any communityIn lending their services the Sitwells andLord Berners will of course have saved thesituation ; but then they could long ago havegone to Mr. Pollock or " The Mask " andrendered the same service to Mr. PI ay fairor any Englishman with a fancy for toying.It would then have been an all-British Show—Penny plain and twopence coloured.Somehow or other I like Russians verydittle nowadays. RUSSIANS: — YESTERDAY &amp; TODAY. BEFORE they cut their Tzar to pieces andbegan troubling us all in every part of'Europe and Asia I found many an artist whowon my admiration : but it seems that youcannot be a Russian subject today and notserve the Soviets. Either as a spy or as apropagandist or as a plenipotentiary or as anambassador (and all four jobs seem to be rol- led into one nowadays), be you an artist oran impresario, a novelist or a clerk in aFrench or London firm, you've got to servethe Soviet. Which I consider very right andproper. Wherever we are, if we are Italians,we have to serve the Dace if we be En- glish, old John Bull. Right as rain, this.That's why I don't like to see any Rus- sians whatever in England.Edward Edwardovitch may not really bea Russian;—M. Diaghileff too: both maybe Czeco-Slovaks or Mussulmen, ....Heavenknows . I've lunched dozens of times withEdwardovitch, and I know also that I neverdid once ask him pat " are you an Irishmanor what are you? " I let it slide. He lookedlike a Middlesex man if you know what Imean,—a good old London town man.That M. Diaghileff would ever condes- cend to be aware of the existence of theSoviet is very doubtful;—for is he not the veryaristocrat of impresarios ? — Can you beat it ? As an impresario no one is a greaterartist :; and a kindly being is M. Diaghileff,that is certain.So my theory falls to the ground—for noone so kindly or such an artist in " shows "could possibly serve anyone but a Prince.For all this there lingers a far off faintsound of theatrical thunder. in mine ears—something ominous—horrid.It warns me somehow or other,—1 cannotescape the almost imperceptible rumble Ihear afar off. It does not seem to say" Take care, this man is a dangerous politi- cal agent " for I know that were impossible :it says " he is a friendly agent ". That's worse.He brings to England the very goodsthat England already possesses: he comes toour shores bringing his Ballets and our ideas;his Ballerinas and his Ballerinos. They settlein our land : they show us that we do notknow how to dance or produce Ballets, nor howto be showmen. The whole troupe is loveableand charming—and laughs at us, I suppose.Yes, I have heard M. Diaghileff laugh- ing at us. He does it charmingly and wehardly deserve such an honour. So we allgather round him and assist. We take himto Pollock's shop and there he registers ' sur- prise ' for us : we are entranced by that;—he twiddles his little finger and round /we go.Delirium—Amalgamated—actually English—Delirium. Meantime, what about an English Bal- let ? what about it ? A SUGGESTION. BUT there again, what about English Jour- nalism — what of English Theatre — En- glish prose — English verse — English men ?I heard an outrageous suggestion madelast week, by a true Englishman, and hesaid he'd wipe three quarters of Fleet Streetout of existence, three fourths of the theatres,the verse-writers, prose-writers and the rest— and when asked why, he said that bydoing so he would only be exterminating thedamn foreigner who is being allowed to spoileverything in London — and that meansEngland.One has to repeat these things when onehears them — they sound so awfully near the mark — But are they ? (i) Why Mr. Jack B. Yeats was not asked to do thiswork is a blunder 1 find unforgiveable. THEATRE TALKSAND A LITTLE BACK CHAT BY MR. GORDON CRAIG. E. G. C. D ear Semar:A series of interesting " Theatre Talks "is appearing in the " Glasgow News bysome writer unknown, for he does not sign hisarticles.The fifteenth Talk Was about me. It ap- peared in the number dated July last,and this talk back at the Writer Was printedin the A ugust 20th issue.I think y°u maycare ques- tions which the " Glasgow News put tome, and my answers,for The Mask " so here they are : — FROM THE " GLASGOW NEWS IN the fifteenth of this series of talks I de~1 voted the subject to a consideration—mostlyby queries, it must be confessed—of Mr Gor- don Craig, whom Bernard Shaw, the saoeoi the day, has described as "the most fa- mous theatre man in Europe Mr, Craig, fromhis exile in Italy, has replied to some of thesequestions, and I give his letter in full thisweek, the only alteration made being the in- troduction of headings for your easier rea- ding and the column's better appearance. Hewrites:GENGVA, 7th August, 1926.SIR,—I see that a series of 44 Theatre Talks "is ap- pearing regularly in your pages, and that one of these44 Theatre Talks " was about me.It appeared in your issue of July 16th, and I pro- pose, with your permission, to talk back at the writer,and th's is all the more easy since he talks so well, andit is not to quarrel with him that I open my mouth.He says that he feels sure that a number of peoplemust find me difficult to understand ; and ihat he is amongthe number. If he did not admit this, I should be in- clined to think that he understood me very well.He asks six questions :—1. Where am I bound for?2. What do I want?3. Will I define the road which the theatre must taketo rehabilitate itself?4. Will I retrace my steps to act as a guide to others ?5. Will I not come down to earth ?6. Will I not cease being an angel ?Let me take these questions and reply to them inprecisely the reverse order.I am not an angel and I rather dread the voices ofangels because they are so stern. Do you remember thispassage of William Blake's :—14 The angel that presided o'er my birthSaid, 4 Little creature, formed of joy and mirth.Go, love without the help of anything on earth ' " ? THE CAT UP THE TREE On. can go along and do nothing possibly withoutthe help of anything—but to go along and love andachieve things and not hate is something of an achieve- ment : and it is rather too much for an angel to ask ofan infant in this odd world.Blake- at 49 adds these words —Grown old in love from seven to seven times seven.I oft have wished for hell for ease from heavenPerhaps you will say, Sir, that I should not call onone so vague as Blake is to help explain anything, butsurely Blake cannot now be difficult to understand for astatue is being put up to him this year, and he dead thisninety-nine year.No, we artists are never angels. We are much more likeordinary cats. If we are not on earth, we are not inheaven, we are simply up in a tree, and some instinct,and really I do not know what it is, some instinct tellsus to reject al! the 44 pussy, pussy " to come down." Will I not come down to earth ? " asks your goodcritic, and he by no means waiting with a lasso at thebottom of the tree, I am sure. But he asks like all theothers, will I not come down.And that leads me to the third question. I am tocome down so as to retrace my steps for the guidance ofothers. Logically thinking, that would land us all backagain in the tree. But I think I know what your criticmeans. He means will I give a lead to these whowould follow me, and instead of going on further, comeback a bit and show them step by step the way Ihave come. o DISCIPLINE IN THE THEATRE o For in another question he says clearly 44 to defineihe road which the theatre must take to rehabilitate itselfThat is the fourth question. My own experience is thatthe road we must take is an excessively hard one, but Ido not mind adding that it is perhaps only a hard one atpresent. I whom you consider something of a pioneer, Iand the other pioneers are agreed that the road is exces- sively hard for anyone to start out on it merely for thelove of the theatre, so that should I take the first step toretrace the road, you would not find it possible to fol- low me, unless I could make it rather more comfortablefor you than it is at present. I should define the road asbeing a mass of boulders all the way when it was not aquagmire, and to go on foot without the help of any- thing on earth is not what I should wish for you. IfI had half-a-dozen motor cars, a small army of engineersand their assistants, I should even then hesitate beforeasking you to come with us. The theatre to rehabilitateitself must be disciplined as it has never yet been discipli- ned. But the experience of thirty years has renderedme sufficiently aware of what you may ask a manto do and what you may not. What you may notdo is to pile a mountain on his shoulders and tellhim to stand up straight. You cannot tie him up fromhead to foot, and then say 44 Move on, there ! ,f Youcannot gag him and say. 44 Sir, you are perfectly free toexpress an opinion In short, for the theatre to rehabi- litate itself the men, while they must be disciplined, mustbe free, and must be supported at least to the sameextent that you support an expedition that you send out.I suppose, though 1 am sure I cannot say for certain, buf I suppose there are not very many men in the theatrewho would be prepared to put themselves under discipline. . . . they would be far more content to have the sup- port, the good salaries, the jolly Club, and do withoutthe discipline, and leave the theatre to rehabilitate itself asbest it may, which brings us to the next question—" Whatdo I want I MR COOK'S METHOD And I assure you that what I want is to find suchmen who will follow me when I am sufficiently well sup- ported so that I can retrace the steps for your guidance.What I do not want is to come to such men withempty hands.People are apt to mistake men who are patient.If for 20 years a man asks for support in order thathe may retrace an old path that he has discovered witha handful of companions, and if he does not get it, andsmiles on and is patient, people are apt to misunderstand.If, like Mr Cook, he gives them a kick, it is extraordinaryhow quickly they comprehend. Now, though I have acertain admiration for Mr Cook, I have not got it inmyself to use his methods. The simple sentiment that isin Mr Cook seems to me to be this:— He hates to seefellows without the means to move forward, and this iswhat I hate .... But then I hate equally well askingpolitely for the means more than eight times, and soperhaps I appear to have a kind of divine patience, which,believe me, is not as divine as it may appear. ARTISTS IN GORDON CRAIG. Again liken me rather to the cat which sits on thebranch at night and waits for the mouse—nothing divineabout that—and to sum up—you see that is what Iwant.,., the mouse!The final question is, " Where am I bound for?"Believe me, I do not irtend to budge, but when I havethe mouse in my mouth I will bring him to you, as thatfabulous cat did to his master in the old fable. It wasno mouse, as you well remember, that the Cat in Bootsbrought to his master. It was a conglomeration of giantwho had been the curse of the nation for a very longtime. So if there is one among you who can tell mehow I can transform the theatrical Giant into somethingmy own size, I'll pounce.Perhaps this is being a little too jocular about a gravesubject, but what would you ? the long nights seated uponthe bough, with the wind blowing and the owls squeak- ing in the thicket, are not conducive to taking one's offhours too seriously.If one did, one would be discovering that there are nogreat men in the world, or that Germany is better to itsartists than is England. Faithfully, Shortage of space prevents a full consideration ofMr Craig's letter, but it will be noticed that before hecan attack his problem he requires, first, financial back- ing, and, secondly, the actors who will submit to his dis- cipline. Until he has these it is probably superfluous toexpect him to reply to the point which puzzles most—ishis vision of the marionette theatre one of the ultimatedesire, or does he consider it as only a stage in the edu- cation of the actor? AN ADDITION AL WORD. E. G. C. SO ends "Theatre Talk" No. 15 in the " GlasgowNews ". Mr. Craig adds the following Note in replyto the last query :" Nor you nor I will live to see whether " theActor and the Uhermarionette" is destined to affectthe actor at all. (0 It seems only to have offended the En- glish actor, though foreign actors, strange to say, can readit, and without getting huffy.I would propose that all the adverse critics of mysuggestion should read two books on the Theatre ofJapan :1. KABUKI, the Popular Stage of Japan, by ZoeKincaid (Macmillan) 1925.2. MASTERPIECES OF CHIKAMATSU, theJapanese Shakespeare, by Asataro Miyamori (Kegan Paul,Trench) 1920.Having read the former my antagonists will be bowledover ; on reading the latter they will come and beg mypardon. Or tfiey are dishonest men one and all, ie, theyhave no sense of humour left.For in the first book it shows.... or ... not.... but 1wrote about this book in the last volume of"The Mask", page 105. If my critics will read chapterXVI, Page 144 to 152, they will understand that my" vision " as my good friend in the " Glasgow News "calls it, is not quite as vague and impractical as it mayseem, for the marionnette not only ruled the stsge in Japanfor a hundred years but gave the actors a rebirth totheir craft.In the second book, if my critics will read its Intro- duction, they will find that had it not been for themarionnette stage of Japan, the Japanese Shakespeare Chi- kamatsu would not have written his hundred and fourmasterpieces.Are we to run the risk of never having the hundredand four masterpieces of the English Chikamatsu just be- cause some actors are lazy ? Are we to weaken the Li- terature of the world when it could grow mightier ? Arewe going to reject a humble servant like the marionnette,who lives without pride or egoism, lives silently and dieswhen you will—that is to say, when his work is done, steps back willingly till next he is wanted. (i) It appeared first in " The Mask" 1908; was reprin- ted in "On the Art of the Theatre " (Heinemann) in 191!,and is in the latest edition of 1925 issued by the same pub- lishers. BOOK REVIEWS. FROM "BRANT'S SHIP OF FOOLS". 1347. A CHAPTER IN THE EARLYLIFE OF SHAKESPEARE by Ar- thur Gray M. A. : Cambridge Univer- sity Press. 7/6 net.ABOUT SHAKESPEARE ANDHIS PLAYS by G. F.' Bradby.Oxford University Press. 2J6 net. I like the notion well. And the notionis that Shakespeare was very rarelyat Stratford — did not live there twenty- one years as supposed, and that allthis concentration of the glad senti- mental eye on Stratford might withadvantage calm down a little. Thenotion is that, since he never oncereferred to Stratford in his plays anddoes refer to many another place, itis as likely as not that signs of himmay be found more easily in the prettytowns of Polesvvorth, Wincote, Barstonand Daventry than in the town whereall the fuss goes on and where the lateMarie Corelli had a charming house.Dr Gray's suggestion is full of relief— even if he be not easy to read.44 Of Stratford, where Shakespeareis supposed to have passed the firsttwenty-five years, or so, of his lifesomething is unavoidable to say ".I'm quite of your opinion, Doctor, onlyyour sentence puzzled me and I wasfain to read it three times over.Four times I went at the next, whichruns thus: 44 the fruit that he hadnoted in spring blossoming and watchedin dreaming summer he gathered foruse on the mellowing of occasionBlossoming spring, dreaming summer,mellowing occasion — what three lovely seasons. I have read the passage twicemore — that make six —.The author refers to Shakespeare as44 the greatest Englishman ". I shouldhave thought Cromwell greater — orHenry V or Henry VIII.44 The greatest poet " would havedone for Shakespeare, I think ; a verymodest man at heart, who can doubt,with no notions of ever competing fornotoriety as a great man with theNobel Prizemen of our days. Organi- zation and propaganda in those back- ward days were not troubled aboutas they are today. Shakespeare gaveaway his genius to Burbage and hisPlayhouse : today a highly reprehensiblething to do. Today we are told tosecure a percentage on eveiy line —to get the Cinema rights fixed up; 44 yelyfe so shorte ye crafte so longe tolearne " ; — pin that up over ye man- tleshelf designed by William Morris ;syndicate every bit of nonsense youturn out even if it's " Come away comeaway death " ; there's pots of moneyin a thing like that; that's what ourmodern practical man would have taughthis Shakespeare, could he have caughthim : — 44 William, you're to be oneof us you know — you're to have aslap at the Philistine too — yes — youshall win through yet — you and Gran- ville Barker are made to win through— you too like Barker don't you,what ? — you don't... well, you will,and he'll soon learn you how to rakein the dollars ". READING Mr. Bradby's little bookof 92 pages written so clearly thatyou read it without effort, withoutexcitement or pause, you become cu- riously convinced of the actual existenceof Shakespeare....He shows you the poet and the manof the world, and very little of the manof the Theatre. This is as possiblewith Shakespeare as it would be im- possible with Moliere hadhis own playhouse — so sensible: andas a theatre-man stood andstill stands his ground. Moli£re wasso much more fortunate in his choiceof a city. So much cleverer too inhis decision to be the director as wellas the poet-dramatist of his troupe. Itwas an essential which Shakespeare wascheated of. You may say as Burbagedoubtless did say, that Shakespeare wasnot practical enough to be a director.Mo!i£re was net practical in that senseeither. Both being essentially men ofthe world, it stands to reason that bothwere well fitted to be directors ofNational Theatres. becameone and Shakespeare did not: — and so in 1611 he retires, having had enouglkof playing a second fiddie to duffers*.And he remained curiously untheatre-like.to the end. How often Burbage had:to go round to his lodgings and remon*strate with him we shall never know..To Burbage Shakespeare was far too.much of the Poet. would be:able to tell you why and able to sym- pathize with both of them. He wouI think, have sided with Burbage, buthe would have walked for hours withShakespeare telling him how to becomedirector, to succeed properly.Still, the conditions of the Englishstage seem to have prevented that; —the fixed position of Burbage as di- rector seems to have settled the matter.And, added to that, Shakespeare valuedhis dreams. 44 Why 44 grunt and sweat"under this dog's life down at the newTheatre ? — I' ve written their playsand patched up the stuff sent in by thatold wiseacre Bacon and the worse stuffbought up by Burbage from God knowswho, and altogether they can reckonon sixteen presentable plays mostlyfuftny ".44 I could do it because Burbage:was ihere to listen to and argue withthe duffers — and now I've grown sodeft doing things that way — takingsomething and making something roorgof it, that if I were now to becomeentirely original — and I'd have to be ifI became director-playwiight — I shouldbe lost. Best have one foot on land andone on sea and be constant to neither— at least best for me and everyonei *•else .So when in 1600 Burbage starteda new Theatre Shakespeare was in thebusiness, a share-holder and the writerof the plays. — But that was all. Asanyone of thirty-six years of age knows,who is working in a theatre, and hasthe brains, genius, wit and devil of aman like Shakespeare or Moli&amp;re, whoacts and can create scenes such as theycreated, to be forced to spoil the wholething because some Burbage or someLa Grange is possibly right, is allwrong.Great men of course do not exist,never have existed — that is clear,especially to great men — but there1are grades. I may be an good carpenter — a second Chippendak— but because 1 can fit eight hundr4seats into the space into which you caiionly squeeze six hundred, it does ncjfollow that I, being so deuced practic$with wood, am entitled to become director of the English Drama.Burbage felt he was fitted to thattask, and who would quarrel with aBritish carpenter. Not Shakespeare But as he wouldn't quarrel with himhe put on airs. Alas, to the greatloss of the British stage. He becamesnore and more impossible to Burbage.He wrote as he jolly well wanted to,instead of paying attention to chairs,doors, exits, and the other harmlessnecessary cats of the menagerie.He agrees with Burbage to stay outif the playhouse : he didn't even troubleto say " but I shall write just as Ifancy Poor Burbage, he's in forit now." Julius Caesar " arrives at the Globe,a beautiful poem in one scene. Bur- bage probably chopped it all up and,after days and nights of agony, madea serviceable chair out of it* Shakes- peare, probably, never saw a single per- formance. He was now at work onanother poem to be called by BurbageHamlet He sends over " TwelfthNight by a messenger to " Mr. Rich.Burbage, The Globe " Am I towait for an answer, Sir ? " asks themessenger. " No " says Shakespeare," just ask for a receipt ", and he turnsto " Hamlet " again — that profoundpoem ; then to " Lear " and to " Mac- beth " and others. He has forgottenthe damned theatre.But what an awful pity. He keeps•his up until 1611, and then off. toWarwickshire — never again to writeplays or see a playhouse — in fact in1612 public performances of plays areforbidden at Stratford by a resolutionpassed by the town council —- and Ibelieve Shakespeare had a hand inthat. To escape Burbage and fall intothe hands of some local amateurs —heaven forbid.These things that I have said areas likely as not to have been as 1 say,and Mr. Brad by's book caused me tosee how likely they were.Only on one point do I differ fromMr. Bradby ; — I allude to the reasonunderlying Shakespeare's bequest to hiswife Anne of " his second best bed ".Mr. Bradby discovers in this actsome unkindness; it cannot possiblybe regarded as a mark of warm affec- ction ". No, that is true : or ratherwould be true if Shakespeare hadan eccentric Londoner of 1926.But he was such an ordinary man of theworld, this poet. He had such anordinary reason for leaving his wifethe bad bed. It was because she likedit. For years she had slept well in it— he had some six or seven beds inthe house — he had what he consi- dered the best bed, and what he con- sidered the second best she had takena fancy to. There are several reasonsto account for Mrs. Shakespeare's fancy. The first is that the bed was her size— the second she found it more com- fortable — the third is she liked thepattern carved on the end of it — thefourth is it filtrd her room — the fifthis she could sell the best bed and geta new table and six chairs and Shake- speare hoped she would do that —the sixth is that people didn't collectthe beds of famous men in those days— and the seventh is she wanted Willto have the very best: and the last isthat it wasn't really the best at all.Goodnight to them. THE SCIENCE OF PL AY WRIT- ING by M. L. Malevinsky. Bren- tano. New York. $5.00. A handsome volume—a heavy oneand well printed, — explainingexactly what a play is, if you leaveMoli&amp;e's plays out of the question.And as his plays are seldom seenor read it#is as well to leave themwhere they are, and, by speaking of lessperfect things, of modern plays, to en- lighten—slowly enlighten—a few, sothat they in time come to blaze likeany halfpenny dip. Whoever is eager todish up a play should get this book,for it is the very Mrs. Beaton of theDrama.Take care; — follow the author's di- rections exactly—do not allow your- self any liberties ; and you may easilyconstruct a play which will attractthat huge public which loves its cross- word puzzles .... and who today doesnot adore these ?The ingredients are nine, says ourauthor.What these nine are you must findout by getting the book—rememberingthat even after you have Robin Hood'sbow in your hands, something of theart still lies in being able to draw it. THE ROMANCE OF THE AME- RICAN THEATRE by Mary G&gt;roline Crawford. Little Brown &amp; Co.Boston. 1925. $4 net. ABOUT a dozen years ago, whenthe first edition of Miss Craw- ford's work appeared, there existed nocomplete History of the AmericanTheatre. Then Mr. Arthur Hornblowcame along and in 1919 produced histwo well known volumes. Mr. Horn- blow is indebted to Miss Crawford,and this lady in her new edition ofher old book gives herself the plea- sure of thanking Mr, Hornblow forhis work. Hers is a charming volume; admi- rably put together and well illustrated;full of the facts we want to know ;well stated. These facts she evenmakes p]easant reading.... an almostimpossible task.She is properly all American, andhails as American things which havenot been created by America. Sheis forced, it seems, sometimes, to saytoo little about some of the things whichreally are quite American.Miss Crawford claims that Americais now the heir of everything;—herlast words are : "so the AmericanTheatre presents today, as never be- fore, an open door of opportunity tomembers of every race, every craft,every creed and every calling to de- pict and advance every cause " ; whichis bully for Miss Crawford, but is,I will not say unfortunately or fortuna- tely, but, by the nature of causes, creeds,callings and races, not exactly the case.But for those to whom romance isanything, this charming book is just thevery book if it's Theatre you want tobe romantic about. I do, so it's for me. ANTOINE AND THE THEA- TRE LIBRE by Samuel MontefioreWaxman. Cambridge ; Harvard Uni- versity Press. Price 3 $. ANTOINE is the great man in theFrench Theatre of today, andAntoine is writing articles for thenewspapers.The Com£die Frangaise is still inthe same position where Louis the ar- chitect placed it in the year 1790, but*until Antoine is in the Comedie Fran- gaise as its Director, the theatre wiUremain empty. For his own sake, Iwould not wish him there: for thetheatre's sake I am sure that I wanthim to be there ; but for the sake ofFrance, how can he not be there!That is what I want to know.Suppose he were to produce Mo!i&amp;rein a different way from that we are usedto — could it fail to be interesting ?Would it wreck ? What wouldit do.... I mean, what harm ? Wasever so much fear as has been shownin this century in Paris and in Londonbefore the man of ability. The mo- ment a man of ability is proposedfor a certain position, everyone's faceregisters terror.You, dear reader, may possibly havenoticed it yourself. I never failed tobe struck on arriving at Paris with thiscurious fixed expression of terror onthe inhabitants of the gay city, anduntil now I never could quite discoverwhy is was they looked so terrified ; but now I do know; and if ever anyman took off his hat in grave and sig- nificant salutation to another, it is Iat this moment who take off my hatto M. Andr£ Antoine.What is there to be said about thisbook which Mr. Waxman has sent outfor the world to read ? In passing, onemay say that one hopes the world willread it. But it should not be necessaryfor the whole world to read it so thatFrance and Paris may benefit. Antoine,who it would seem was born in 1858,should be now 68 years of age. Thatis to say he should be now in his prime ;for according to calculations of Londonand Paris a man is in his prime whenhe is clcse upon seventy. Then hemay open his mouth to speak, fortiny know that by this time he ispretty w ll tired of uttering a word,and that is the very man to be putin power at the Com6die Frangaiseand reign silently at its head. He willsee the place and the people tumblingover each other, and smile on and saynothing. At least that is what everyonehopes, but I think, in M. Antoine'scase, we can disillusion them.I was present at a rehearsal for anew play which he was directing andthat only a few years ago. Yes, Ithink I can safely say the people willbs disillusioned. I never saw a manof sixty so terribly active, so fearfullyalive ; not that he lost his temper atall, but he did not bring it with himinto the theatre. After one is sixty,one is supposed to totter round a little,but Antoine seemed to jump from thestage into the stalls, and from the stallson to the stage. I never saw such aman. I hid as well as I could so thathe should not see me, but he grew soexcited, and through this excitementseemed so to mould the actors 44 intosomething rich and strange " that beforelong 1 got up and crept out of thetheatre feeling that I was present atsome sort of private rite which wasgoing on and which it was none of mybusiness to witness.I do not quite get that Antoine inthis book, but there are six or sevenAntoines, and I get most of them here.He is a dreamer; he is a practicalman; he is a passionate man; he is anindifferent man ; he is a director whodoes not wish to be a profit sharer ;he is a man who dislikes being a richman: he is a man ready to praiseevery thing that has anything praise- worthy in it, even if it be but a speck,and he praises these things whole-heart- edly. Yet he has judgment. It is customaryto think of him as of a man profoundlyconvinced of the importance of realism and the gloomy plays of low life. AndI should imagine that he was nothingof the kind. I should say that everygood play was welcomed by Antoine.He happened to light up Ibsen's44 Ghosts " and Zola's plays, and theplays of the other gloomy gentlemen,but then he also happened to throwlight upon the plays of Shakespeareand those of Moli£re; and it musthave been remarked that Moliere andShakespeare have stood by him veryfaithfully.I do not know that so much canbe said for the living dramatists, thou2hof course they know better than I.But what I do know is that a numberof his pupils, his fellow actors, fellaway from him, and I do not knowthat I like that. After all what wasMr. Gamier doing, and what Mr. Co- peau, these two followers of Antoine....what were they doing when they wenton preparing other theatricals on theirown, sneaking past the master, elbow- ing in ?It seems to me that as Antoine hadshown perfectly clearly what it was hecould do, and what it was hewould do,any Frenchmen worth theirsalt who were acting with him, or greatbelievers in him, should have made alittle more effort to stand by and showa little more of that old spirit, whichlet us call by the new name of theFascist spirit. Fascism is not easy todefine, but what is perfectly easy tosee is that the Fascisti are men whowork shoulder to shoulder, with mindto mind, and follow a leader. I donot care a rap what can be said againstthem when that can be said for them,for I suppose that is the highest thingmen can do — so hard it is to followa leader, so hard it is to remain loyalaltogether for one thing. That othereasy game of each man thinking he isprivileged to be somebody, when he isnobody — that is what I cannot tole- rate for a moment. Nature will adjustall these things in time and so thereis no need to bewail the situation aswe find it in certain lands where theold spirit of all for one, one for all,is forgotten. It is such a simple thingthat brings this chaos about. It isnothing else but the universal conceit ofsmall men. In the old days when aman heard some legend of the prowessof this warrior, that artist, or yonderchurchman, or if he read somethingthat this man had done, or had writ- ten, or if he saw some piece of theirwork, he would probably be movedvery deeply. Let us admit that suchmen today exist and are still movedvery deeply. The difference of the two is this. In the old days th&lt;**men would not rest (could not rest) unlessthey had sought out the man who hadgiven them this particular inspiration,and, when they saw him, they did theirbest to stay with him and follow him.Thus it came about that every greatwarrior, every great priest, and everygreat artist, had his followers; not merelyenthusiastic idiots, but very useful loyalassistants. The instinct in them said :44 Let me help this man". Joininghim they received their bread and butter,maybe even a roof over their heads,and there an end. They became oneof a clan. Soon, yet without thisawful haste of today, they began toachieve just the same, perhaps evenbetter than the man they were follow- ing. But today what happens ? Ayoung man having seen Antoine's per- formances, or after reading of the workof some other theairica! artist, will havea momentary thrill, but it will be onlymomentary. After two or three days,for some reason, he will tell himselfthat he too can do as that man hasdone ; and, instead of learning, insteadof becoming slowly a master and witha master, he puts on the airs of themaster, and engages a company ofactors like the master, runs a numberof wealthy men into the bankruptcycourt, and thinks he is of service tohis country.How many dozen such men havebuzzed round Andre Antoine, I cannotprecisely say, but I suppose there musthave been a round three dozen* 41 But "you say, 44 we cannot go back to theMiddle Ages! " No, but we reallymight go forward to the twentiethcentury. We might make the twentiethcentury about ten times as splendid asthe Middle Ages; instead of that, thetheatrical group at any rate are makingit ten times stupider.However, I may be doing one French- man an injustice. There may be abetter man than Antoine in Paris.If so, I should like to hear of him:meantime I am content to take my in- formation from those hundreds of criticaljudges who have already placed Antoineat the head of the French theatre.But I would like to hear that allthe information was not mere gush,but meant that he was to be in power.,., and kept there. MORE FABLES OF LA FON- TAINE hy Edward Marsh. Heine—mann &amp; Co. mBmmmmmammmmmmmvamamamaammm' win—BMCTW «■ iMUftajiwi MI ■ unn—awri ■■nun m\mmnI don't like being bored to death byone incessant theatre book afteranother :—my very existence as a re- viewer of books on the theatre de- pends upon the fact that I am one ofthe few dramatic reviewers who nowand again delight in and read booksof verse and of prose for their ownsake, and who concern themselves a littlewith those by-products of the stage,architecture, music and horse-racing.So that not to have received fromMessrs Heinemann and Co either a copyof Edward Marsh's " Fables " or" more " of them is to have beenrefused a drink of clear cool water in oneof my parched intervals between twobooks on the impossible modern theatre.But as I read the " New Stales- man ", seriously for its sense aboutbooks, and avidly for a scream overthe politics, I can spot the winnerevery time. And spotting this one Ithought that I too would like to bein at the death.I am not sure that I get my spor- ting phrases correct every time, but thesuccess of the stoat has always char- med me, especially when I was sureI had seen the rabbit escaping over afive-barred gate.And so, spotting Edward Marsh asbeing an easy winner, I turned to theone translation "Statesman" quotes inhis-review, and, reading it over, eighttimes, I flattered myself I had the bestof even these lucky fellows in FleetStreet who had been forced to gulpdown a dozen of Marsh's best toohurridly with consequent results.And I agree with the " New States*man" when, after quoting this char- ming thing, he writes : " A very prettypoem, Mr. Marsh" purists may say*but you must not call it "La Fon- taine". Perhaps ; only one would liketo see the English poem you couldcall " La FontaineI really believe Mr. Marsh mustLave written the review himself—so*neat it is;Well, even if Heinemann does sendme a copy after this, to make up forhis coldness I won't review it. I'llmerely keep, treasure and read it. "THE MERCHANT OF VENICE" &amp; "AS YOU LIKE IT";William Shakespeare. Cambridge Universify Press. Edited by Sir ArthurQuiller-Couch and John Dover Wilson.Price 6/- each. Ido not think there is a nicer editionof Shakespeare in the world thanthis Cambridge edition, and I thinkthere is only one grander and that isthe old Cambridge edition. The " Mer- chant of Venice" is quite the mostreadable play Shakespeare ever wrote* so this volume is the very thing for anarmchair, because, you can hold it inyour hands as you loll near the fire,and you can listen-in to Shakespearewithout anything in the ears to tickle them.For 6/- net you can get the bestplay and the best lyrics in the Englishlanguage. Of course you know a greatdeal more than Shakespeare ever knewbecause this is the 20th century, andhe lived in the 16th; but now andagain he lights upon a happy thought....he makes discoveries. You arrive atyour wisdom through enquiry or youget it through the newspapers; but nowand again you may want to find outthings that your people cannot tell you,and that your newspaper never dreamsof speaking about. For instance, youmay like to know how Fancy is born ...you have fancies but how is Fancy born,?Well, Shakespeare tells you. And theextraordinary thing is he is correct, pre- cise, practical, if we can say such aword in connection with Fancy. Ifyou wish to discover what the newspa- pers mean when they talk of America'sbeing like Shylock in these days, hereyou have the thing in a nut-shell—and very much in a nut-she!i—for thelittle volume is most beautifully encasedin a nut-brown cover.Of course the first line of the playhas a touch which tells against it, forAntonio says :In sooth /1 know not why Iam so sad !And on seeing the word *' Soothany hearty lady or gentleman heavesa sigh and does not quite feel quitecertain that he or she would like to goon to the next line.It wearies me—you say it wearies you.Well, I should have thought that sosimple a line as that, so modern that itis §&amp;st the very thing any writer todaywould wish he could write, would wetthe dullest of appetites and make itmagically sharp. Then he goes on:But how I caught it, found it, or cameby it,What-stuff tis made of, whereof it is born,I am to learn.Of course we do not use the word" learn " in that way, so there againwe are let down by that old 16thcentury. But surely are we not richenough to do a little for that poor cen- tury ! When a thing has lived so longand remained in as fresh a condition asit is, would it cost us too much tomake a little effort to put up with theword "sooth" and the word "learn " ?.Anyhow it is not devastating tocome across it in a book. Suppose youhad it through the ear-phones I OLD DUMAS. View of the Théâtre Historique built 1847by Architects de Dreux and Sechan forAlexandre Dumas. A NEW EDITION of Dumas sworks in forty-eight volomes. J. M.Dent &amp; Sons. Price 4/6 a volume. AN amalgamated Sage has recentlyasserted his grave doubts as towhether there exists in Great Britain apublic willing to pay for the forty-eightvolumes of Dumas which the house ofDent and Sons is bringing out at fourand sixpence per volume.I doubt his doubts.When I was young an edition ofDumas appeared costing, if I rememberright, more than that per volume. Ihad very little money indeed at thattime, but I bought all of them, fwore out half the volumes in ten years ;I lost about six volumes by lending tofriends who then told me tlxat they toohad worn them out.it's true that booksellers were veryencouraging in those days. I knew acertain Mr. Henry Glaisher and hissister,... both charming people and bothborn tempters; they had a shop in theStrand, a little shop, near the presentSavoy Hotel, which was not then built.Daily I would visit the Glaishers. In notime I was owing them money... allDumas's fault... ; but the bookseller,besides being like the serpent, was a trueChristian and kindly allowed me timeto pay.He was paid,... but I can neverrepay him for having displayed the Du- mas as he did. That was genius in him.Dumas can't do everything; Dent can'tdo everything — booksellers must dosomething. The wise ones have smallshops and do the selling business in avery friendly way. We like that. Wedon't want to feel we are going to churchor to a reception at some aristocratic hou$6 when we go to browse and huntfor Dumas or Stendhal or Lord GeorgeSanger. We want to have some nookto get into — some corner, and thereto rummage and find our Dumas.But what is Dumas to modern rea- ders ? 44 The Chevalier d%Harmenlal "and Olympe de Cleves ? Have theyever read these ? Monte Crista andthe Three Musketeers they have heardall about; everyone feels he has readthem, even those who never read them.The fact is that people who are44 unable to read Dumas" never beganto read him ; — that was their trouble.They were semi-subtle brains and hadheard that Dumas was jolly —- andfelt that he would not match with theirgloves.Now there is no book more subtleor more elusive than a book by oldAlexandre. He is the psychologist.Never is he twice alike and yet weare always so sure we can explain him,—• so direct he seems.If he is ever dull it is not becausehe is drab. He is dull ...and howseldom... because he had been askedfor copy and could not say no; hetherefore sometimes turns into a littledull baby and prattles rather monoto- nously — that is all.Money he adored ; it stimulated andexhilerated him : after a taste of it hewould scribble away and give us good,bad and indifferent in equal portions.He is a man that no one should lecture,for he gave us all he possessed,... andyou can't do more. I know nothingof his that he witheld — and, if onethinks of him as the dear old man, itsonly because he gave us his gray hair too.What an awful fault — to havesuch generosity; and how it stainsevery page of his endless works.To question whether the largest En- glish public can bring themselves to readthese forty-eight volumes of sound andbrilliant common sense is to questionthe very sanity of Great Britain. "ADOLPHE " by Benjamin Con- slant. Messrs. Stanley Paul &amp; Com- pany. Price 2[6. THIS is a charming story and it ismost admirably printed in largetype by Messrs. Stanley Paul &amp; Com- pany, and is doubtless the best of Ben- jamin Constant. There is an interes- ting introduction by Mr. J. LewisMay who is also the translator, andin this introduction he tells us thatConstant came to England where 44 heimbibed that love of moderation andconstitutional government which wasdestined never to forsake him which, for moderate institutions, seems an excel- lent basis provided they are modera- tely well aware that there are others— other constitutions—and these neces- sary to us—and that necessity knowsno lav/. But what does it matter tous that Constant imbibed these things ?what matters is whether he has writtenhis story well or ill. He has writtenit very well. It is a short story andyet has all the good things of a longone. You live a long time in readingit; but you can read it in an hour anda half. It was written when he wasin Weimar, soon after 1795. It is inthe best romantic manner and is alittle work of art. THE AMERICAN BALLET byTed Shawn. Henry Holt &amp; Co.New York. Price $ 7.50. MR. Shawn has divided his bookinto chapters on The spiritualBasis ; The Sources of thematic Ma- terial ; the classic European Ballet tra- dition, how it helps and how it hin- ders ; Social dancing ; American Musicand cpmposor ; Dancing and nudity ;Dancing for men ; Dancing In church ;Dancing and the Theatre; and TheDream.There is a Preface by Mr. Have- lock Ellis, who writes : 44 The path44 of the genuine artist in danc ng to- 44 day 's rather like the path to mar- 44 tyrdom. The world is prepared to" appreciate the dancer, but the world44 has not yet prepared a stage, and44 still less a temple, to receive the44 dancer**; which seems to us, after44 twenty years thinking about it, to be44 overstating our needs. 44 There is **Mr. Ellis goes on, 44 the concert hall44 ready for the musician, and there is44 the opera house where the ancient44 formal Ital'an ballet is permitted to44 figure as a mere interlude, but other- 44 wise the dancer must fight w th all44 sorts of vested and iradtional inte- 44 rests, and in the end submit to an44 often heart-rend'ng compromise, in44 which the artist's conception is lost.44 It is inevitable; it must happen in44 the new birth of any art. But the44 t me is coming for the next step **.There are a good many photogra- phic illustrations, but all seem to re- present Mr. Shawn, M'ss St. Denis andthe r troupe ; we look in vain for onewhich shows us that greatest figure ofthe American dance, ....indeed, of thenew spirit in the dance in a far wi- der sense; there is, in fact, no pictureat all of Isadora Duncan, which seemsa strange omission. *Mr. Shawn, it is true, does not ignore Miss Duncan. He refers toher not infrequently ; but brackettedwith, and secondary to, Miss RuthSr. Denis. 44 Just as the first greatwaves foretell the flood to come, socame the first pioneers, Ruth St. De- nis and Isadora Duncan " : Thisrenaissance of the dance which is nowtaking place, and which we all reeog- n ze, owes its beginning to the pio- neering of two great American dan- cers, Ruth St. Denis and Isadora Dun- can " : ....and so on, and so on.Now in a book which is so sa- liently a piece of propaganda for theShawn-St. Denis ideas and practice itis natural that Mr. Shawn should wishto give prominence to his own com- panion. But then he should surelyhave called this nice looking volume44 The St. Denis-Shawn Ballet " andnot 44 The American Ballet" ; for, ina work bearing such a title, we na- turally expect a large part to be givento the work of the greatest of themall, and, as has been insisted on by44 The Mask " since 1908, there arenot two greatest but only one.No history of the American dance,,or of the dance at all in its noblestsense as manifested in the last thirtyyears, can be worth serious considera- tion, which does not do just'ce, andpay adequate tribute, to the greatestexponent and the most inspired mo- dern protagonist of the Dance,It is doubtless the democratic spiritwhich would always raise on stoolsall the surrcund ng figures lest a cen- tral figure should overtop them ; but,personally, we dislike that artific'al pro- cess of levelling up even in ordinaryand civic affa rs, and infin tely moreso in Art.The truth that M'ss Duncan is her- self dees not render Miss St. Denisand Mr. Shawn any less than theyare: and a due sense of proportion,an understanding of that primal inspi- ration to whose power the requick- ened life of the Dance is due, wouldhave lent not only a grace, but alsoa defin'te value, to Mr. Shawn's book.IM I Ulllll Hi 'I BM—MBaWKMPMWllB IW1IBHWWW THESE PLAYERS. A Diary ofthe 44 Old Vic " by Doris Westwood.Heath Cranton Ltd. Price 116. THIS Diary, issued as a book at thepr ce of 7/6 net and precededby a 44 Foreword" by Miss LilianBaylis, makes the 44 Old Vic" ap- pear even less serious and significantthan before.Miss Westwcod occupied for twoyears the position of alternate promp- ter and walker-on at the 44 Old Vic " , she 44 came to us " writes Miss Bay- lis, 44 as a student in the ShakespeareCompany primarily as a writer whowanted to gain an insight into stagelife". Her eagerness, and admirationand affection for her companions, areendearing qualities ; but when a thea- tre has made so much parade about'is doings, and claimed and receivedso much financial support, a good dealmore is expected of it than is conveyedin Miss Westwood's artless pages.That habit of Miss Baylis's, too,of always holding out her hand, ofalways echoing a certa'n scripturalfigure ....(was it not the horse leech'sdaughter ?...) who perpetually cried44 Give, give ", becomes distasteful atlast, especially from one who has recei- ved public charity on so lavish ascale.Even in a Preface of one page anda half she cannot refrain from harpingon the same eleemosynary note. Sheadmits that they have all profited large- ly ;—44 Gone is the disused public4 4 house in Oakley Street, wh'ch then44 served mainly as a wardrobe; the44 tiny saloon in the theatre, which44 was the emergency rehearsal room44 when the stage was inaccessible ; the44 diminutive dressing rooms shared by44 those playing important parts, and44 the large room, which, during the44 season of which the author writes,44 had been reclaimed from Lorley44 College, and with a partition, ser- 44 ved as dressing-rooms for the boys4 4 and girls who walked on and played44 small parts. In their stead are a44 wardrobe room and workshop which44 any theatre might envy, a large room44 at the top of the building, in which44 the exact size of the stage is mea- 44 sured out, and the position of the44 apron, curtains, etc., clearly indica- 44 ted, and dressing rooms in plenty,44 complete with hot and cold water,44 and even a bath-rocm !' 44 Truly ",adds Miss Baylis 44 we have muchfor which to be thankful IBut that does not prevent her fromimmediately afterwards resuming theold tone.44 It " (this little book,) 44 will also44 show how hard a repertory actor's44 life is, with its ceaseless study and44 active work, for the necessity for44 more rehearsal of these mighty plays44 is constantly emphasised. Unfortu- 45 nately until the Vic has a second44 theatre and public at Sadler's Wells44 nothing can be done to lessen this44 strain which is a serious one".Poor poor repertory actors of theOld Vic, with their hot and coldwater, and $1! those other conveniences which the lavish gifts of many thousandscan supply ; .... how hard to expect44 ceaseless study " and 44 active work "from them until an additional £ 40,000is found to add to the £ 14,200 al- ready granted by the Carnegie Trustfor the purchase of the old Sadler'sWells Theatre for Miss Baylis's ownsatisfaction and the relief of these pi- teous wights of hers.If the Old Vic and its respectedDirectress knew a little of the condi- tions under which serious and momen- tous work is often carried on year afteryear, without profit, without gifts orendowments, yet also without perpetualwhining, they would perhaps recognizethe virtue of silencing this continualappeal to charity ; and do somethingto justify the large sums already, hea- ven knows why, bestowed upon thislittle enterprise of theirs, before beg- ging for more money to alleviate thelot of what is considered to be a verymediocre group of players, and toenable them to present more and moreimmortal plays in an inferior way. STORIES AND DRAMAS: Hi- therto Unpublished, by Leon Tolstoy&gt;/. M. Dent &amp; Sons. Price 7/6 net. THESE stories and plays were firstpublished in 1926 in Paris, inthe Russian language, having beencarefully selected and edited by threeRussian scholars, of whom one was aclose personal friend of Tolstoy andhis family. To this friend, at thattime head of a publishing house inMoscow, the manuscripts were entrus- ted for publication, after Tolstoy'sdeath, by his daughter and literaryexecutor, Alexandra ; but, the publish- ing house in Moscow having beensuppressed by the Soviet authorities,the former director and his co-editorsfinally issued the book in Paris, andthe stories and plays contained in itare now translated into English for thefirst time.The contents are representative of along period, since the first story waswritten in 1851 and the last but fouryears before; Tolstoy's death, and, asMr. Polner, one of the editors, writesin a Preface to the Russian edition,44 Thus the thirteen productions, as44 they pass before us, afford us thir- 44 teen expressions of the changes in44 Tolstoy's spiritual life—from his rest- 44 less, and richly talented, and many- 44 coloured period of youth to his44 dry, and didactic, and apostolic old«« ••age .The lively extemporary play, 44 The Nihilist " was written in the autumnof 1863, the year after ToUtoy's mar- riage, for some private theatricals for aparty of young people staying at Kras- naya Polyana; &lt;4 The ContaminatedFamily a comedy in five acts, is apropaganda play which Tolstoy hadgreatly but vainly desired to get pro- duced at the Imperial Theatre ; 44 Va- renka " is a charming tale about somelittle children being taken to the thea- tre, written in Moscow in 1857 ;while 44 Dramatic Scenes about the44 Pan (0 who became a Beggar "dates from the end of 1886, and 44 Pe- ter the Publican " from June 1894. SIDE-WALK STUDIES by AustinDobson. Oxfoxd University Press. THIS pretty little volume is num- ber 257 in 44 The World's Clas- sics " series issued by the Oxford Uni- versity Press. The collection of pa- pers was first published by MessrsChatto &amp; Windus in 1902, issued bythe Oxford University Press in 1923,and included in the present seriesin 1924.Jn the 275 little pages we findessays, written in that graceful waywhich was Austin Dobson's own, 6nsuch subjects as Mrs. Woffington, StJames's Park, The Covent-GardenJournel, Chinese Shadows, 44 DearMrs, Delany ", and other topics of theperiod, and there is an Index whichshows at a glance that there are re- ferences to be found relative to suchsubjects as Astley's Amphitheatre,Gay's ' Beggar's Opera', Bensley, theactor, Chetwood, the Prompter, ColleyCibber, the Cock-Pit in St. James'sPark, Johnson at Co vent Garden Thea- tre, Drury Lane Theatre, the ItalianFantoccini, M. Seraphin and his Chi- nese shadows, and many more ofinterest to those who care for thestage.One serious fault about the OxfordUniversity Press is that it seems to havea dread of telling us all the price ofits books.If I like one of a series and therebe 256 like volumes in the series 1may want to buy ten or twelve. I maytonight wish to draw a cheque andorder from my bookseller. I don'twant to run up a bill with him :—Iwant to pay down at once. I there- fore want the Oxford University Pressto state clearly and without any unne- cessary indifference or eccessive modestythe prices of all these books. (i) A Polish lord. THE LIFE OF BENVENUTOCELLINI, Translated by Anne Mac- donnell. Introduction by Henry Wil- son. J. M. Dent &amp; Sons. 7/6 net.THE TRAVELS OF MARCOPOLO with an introduction by JohnMasejield. J. M. Dent &amp; Sons ;7/6 net. THESE two admirable reprints oftwo notable books will form avaluable addition to every library.Uniform in edition, they are both wellillustrated, and contain an immenseamount of enjoyment for a very mo- derate price.Marco Polo's great travel book,treating of his marvellous adventures inthe Orient of the thirteenth century,remains even today the chief authorityfor parts of Central Asia and China ;it is full of rich and brilliant colour,of strange and curious facts and de- tails, with vivid descriptions of orientalcustoms and courts, and especially ofthe long sojourn with the great KhanKublai (Coleiidge's " Kubla Khan ")who received the Venetian travellers" honourably and graciously nta- king much especially of Marco *' whowas then a young gallant".There have been many editions ofthis famous work in different langua- ges ; but the present one, with Mr.Masefield's keen and informative In- troduction and Itinerary of Polo's jour- neyings, the Index and many Notesand illustrations, fthe convenient formand low price, should render it espe- cially popular.Uniform with this volume, the newedition of the life of Benvenuto Cel- lini, one of the great autobiographies ofthe world, with its crowded record ofadventures, intrigues, crimes, scandals, isas welcome as ever. Far more exci- ting than most novels, it is well toread it after you have been to Italy ;and to read it again after you havelived there some years. THE DECAMERON from the Ita- lian of Boccaccio.THE GRASSHOPPER and otherStories; A. Chekhov. The Interna- tional Library. Stanley Paul &amp; Co.2/6 a volume.THE SHOOTING PARTY byA. Chekhov. Stanley Paul &amp; Co.7/6. MESSRS STANLEY PAUL conti- nue their useful work of is- suing small and inexpensive editionsof important European works. Someof their Dumas publications have al- ready been praised in these pages, and we now welcome a volume of Chek- hov's stories, newly translated by Mr.A. E. Chamot, who also contributesan introduction dealing with Chek- hov's life and work. "It is diffi- cult says Mr. Chamot, "to makea selection of Chekhov's stories, whichin general are so equal in merit, andthose we offer the reader have beenchosen among his best and most cha- racteristic works, to show him in va- rious moods, both gay and sad "." The last three stories have notbeen translated before, and they aregiven as specimens of his early style,which was chiefly of a light and hu- morous nature—very different from hislater works in which, like a skilfuldoctor, he probes human nature to thevery depths of the soul ".The other new volume of theedition is an expurgated Decameron.And even shorn of much, how enter- taining are these Tales. It is useless toask " why expurgate ? " for Dr. Bowd- ler must never be proved to have li- ved in vain.But one wishes that the FamilyBowdler were extinct. One realizesthey are not on reading that thrillingstory " The Shooting Party ", whichis cut, or seems to be cut, by thetranslator, or even by the author him- self, for, good as it is, it hesitates.1 here are Russian writers, Pushkin,for example, who never seem to hesi- tate, and they do well. But not manywriters can write such a clever storyas this one, nor lend it those deepervalues which, for lack of a shorterword, one can but call beautiful. A SHORT ITALIAN DICTIO- NARY (New and Enlarged Edition)by Alfred Hoare. Vol. 2. English-Italian. Cambridge University Press.Price 10/6 net. MR. Hoare has conferred a realboon on Italian-English studentsby the compilation of his up-to-dateDictionaries,Some months ago we received thelarge handsome one-volume, " Italian-Dictionary " which comprises both anItalian-English and English-Italian sec- tion.The first, " Italian-Englishsec- tion of this has already appeared ina cheap and handy edition; and nowthe English-Italian section reaches us,in a new and enlarged edition, wellprinted, in a format light and pleasantto handle, and at a very modest price.The work is compact, comprehen- sive and scholarly, and contains anabundance of idiomatic phrases. WILLIAM BLAKE by Oslerl Bur- dett. English Men of Letters Series.Macmillan. Price 5/-net. THOSE who know the larger Livesof Blake will perhaps find littlethat is new to them in this one; butit will be welcomed by many who arenot familiar with more detailed Bio- graphies of this great artist; and inany case, can we any of us read toooften the life of this man. DIE THE A TERDEKORA TIONDES BAROCK—Paul Zucker. Ru- dolf Kaemm ere r Verlag. Berlin, 1925.Price Marks 45. IHrW—l ■- ■IIMIMM ■ Hill II—I I ■■III ■■ I llllll 11 MM III II I I g1 Begin to think that it was veryeasy to be an actor in the Greektheatre, although I once held quUe theopposite view and held that to performa Greek play as it should be playedwas most difficult. Why I now thinkit must have been easy is becausethere was only one performance given,and no one had time to be critical,because they were not going to seeit again, and the spectator had to exerthimself to get the whole worth ofit then and there or lose it altogether.And I feel somehow that Mr. PaulZucker, the author of this book, shouldhave been a Greek actor, because hemakes a great effect with his first per- formance ; so much so that on lookingcarefully through his book I foundall the plums at once. It was onlyat the second and third glance thatthe faults began to pop out, and hereare some of them :He places Girolamo Fontana fartoo early in his book ; for, while thepicture he shows us is a design of1690, he places it between one of1652 and others of 1474, whereasit should have come after both. Ni- colo Michetti whose date is 1729, isplaced before designs of 1674.He gives 8 designs by Filippo Ju- varra and says these were designs fora theatre at Torino, and dates them1750. Now they were for a theatrein Rome and their dates are 1710to 1712.He gives us two designs by Bartolo- meo Poli and dates these about 1 740 ;but Bartolomeo died in 1737, andthis I feel Mr. Zucker might havediscovered.Writing of the different opera hou- ses of Venice, he says that the S- Mosewas founded in 1641, whereas thetheatre he means is the San Moisefounded in 1638-9.Again he says the S. Lucca, (mea- ning the San Luca), was founded in 1661, whereas it was founded in1629, according to Galvani. It wasthen burnt in 1652 and rebuilt in 1661.Dr. Zucker tells us that the Tea- tro S. Angelo was founded in 1657whereas Galvani says that it wasbuilt in 1676..,. he tells us that the SanGiovanni Ghrisostemo was founded in1699 whereas we have a record ofperformances taking place in 1678, 79,and 80, afterwards year by year, andit was founded in 1677. He alsospells it with a C instead a G. SanSamuele he puts down as being foundedin 1710 whereas according to LuigiTorrelii it was erected in 1655 bythe noble family of Grimani. Hesays that Carlo Fontana built the Tea- tro Tordinone in 1675 but Fontanabuilt the Tor di Nona in 1660.Further on in the work Dr. PaulZucker gives a brief account of thefamily Bibiena. He sketches out forus a small genealogical tree, showingnine of the family suspended thereon,but, brief though he be, he manages toget in six mistakes. G. M. Bibienawas born 1625 not 1619, Alessan- dro died in 1760 not 1769. Giu- seppe died in 1757 not 1756. Gio- vanni Cailo was born in 1700 (theauthor omits the date) and had acousin Giovanna Maria (1759-1769)who is omitted from the tree for someunknown reason, and Carlo did notdie in 1778 but in 1780.He makes the natural mistake thatmost people make in referring to apainting in the National Gallery whichis supposed to represent the interior ofthe theatre Farnese in Parma andwhich is attributed to Ferdinando Bi- biena 0). Both of these statements areincorrect. But after all he does giveus a number of excellent plates show- ing what it was they did in thelate seventeenth and early eighteenthcenturies, and few of these designs areas a rule reproduced in the bookspublished out of Italy,So it is mainly for the sake of thedesigns—there are fifty-five of them —that you will get the book, the textnot being too reliable. THE DRAMATIC INDEX FOR1925. F. W. Faxon Co. Boston. U. S.NANCY by Andre Hallays. H. Lau- rens. Price Frs. / 0.00. THE first of these books was sentme for review and reached metoday, and I bought the second thisafternoon. (1) Reproduced in " The Mask*'October 1926, I test a book of reference as you do.I look up what has interested me andsee what the author has to say about it.If 'tis only a list (as is this Index) Ilook up a dozen titles of books or ar- ticles which seem to me important andif I do not find any entry I put thebook down as decidedly lacking incommonsense.In the Dramatic Index for 1925 Ifound the following omissions in halfan hour:1. The Drama. A Periodical pub- lished by the Drama League of England.2. Books and Theatres by GordonCraig published by J. M. Dent &amp; Sons.3-10. Ten important articles whichappeared in " The Mask " during1925.1 therefore concluded that the Dra- matic Index for 1925 was not a littleincomplete.The collaborators are three men andthirteen ladies. It must of course bethe men's fault that such importantomissions occurred. How important,let us specify.There is an entry " Da vies (Douras),(Doris) (Marion) actress 1900.—Im- pressions of. por. Adela R. St. Johns.Photoplay M. 27: Ja. 25. 59, 194".There is no entry under the nameCraig (Edward Gordon)": neither ishis article in " The Graphic" Sept,1 Ithe 1925 on " A Reasonable Ham- let at last ie, in modern dress, lis- ted, though six cr seven other arti- cles on this theme are entered. Theimportant article by W. G. Keith on" John Webb and the Court Theatreof Charles II " which appeared in theFebruary number of the " Archi- tectural Review " London, is not listed.In the book by M. Hallays on" Nancy " I looked immediately forinformation about the Theatre andfound half a line and no mention ofthe important fact that it was decora- ted by Carlo Bibiena in 1735, underStanislaus King of Poland, Duke ofLorraine and Bar, and, what is per- haps more important, that the sameTheatre was built circa 1705 by Fran- cesco Bibiena, a great uncle of Carlo.Altogether two disappointing books, ROME PAST AND PRESENTText by William Gaunt. The Studio.London. ,VENICE PAST AND PRESENTText by Selwyn Brinton, M. A.The Studio, London. MR. Geoffrey Holme continues toissue special numbers of The Stu- dio which grow better and better, richerand richer, and ever more desirable. In the u Rome Past and Present "the 144 large plates, eight of whichare in colour, allow us Londoners toglance over a city we should other- wise perhaps never see.If Roma is like that, then Roma issomething indeed. If it was like that,(for we get drawings and prints of theRoma of centuries ago), then indeed itwas something mere.The plate (No. 3) which we reproduceby courtesy of Mr. Holme and thePublishers of The Studio, shows usthe inside of the largest Roman (?)Theatre of the 18th century. Andwe find it exceptionally interesting;not only because our study is theTheatre, but because there are veryfew such records existing. How manyrecords exist of St. Peter's, outsideand inside; of the Vatican, of thefifty famous palaces of Roma, of thebridges! Everyone paints or records afamous Bridge, Church or Villa; veryfew have recorded a Theatre: hardlyanyone the interior of a Theatrepacked from floor to ceiling and witht audience witnessing some operaor play as Pannini has here done in1729. Callot gave us another in 1616 :a third, in 1667, was left behind by Ges- sels. And so it is : accident yields us ahandful of vivid records of theatres,and now and again it is an artist whodoes a task which was left as a ruleto scribes or the worst engraver in theshop.For it must be admitted that thetask of painting or etching rows androws of people all dressed more or lessalike is but work for a nobody. Howimpossible to make such a packedhouse of people look at all like itlooked. Pannini does it better thananyone else, and there is not a squareinch in his painting that is not deli- ciously done and a delight in itself.And who can tell us the name ofthis Theatre ? It may be the Capra- nica, the Aliberti or the Theatre of theQueen of Poland. I am inclined tobelieve that it is the Aliberti, thoughtowards 1770 if not earlier it posses- sed six tiers ; but the sixth may havebeen added after this design was madein 1729, as was done at the TeatroAgcstino in Genova.The volume on Venice is asrich in illustrations as is the one onRoma, though we do not find in itany such fine representations of thaiTheatre life in which it was so rich.But then, as M. Monnier wrote, thewhole city is like a set stage, perva- ded by the life of the theatre, aniof such scenes we find a liberal num- ber in this fascinating volume. THE RECRUITING OFFICER. AComedy by George Farquhar. Designsby Vera Willoughhy. Peter DaviesLtd. Price £,. 4.4,0, (Ten copiesat £ 12.12.0 and thirty at £&gt; 6.6,0are also issued). A perfectly splendid book in everyway.If I were certain that we were li- ving in the epoch of Bernard Shaw,and I am almost certain we are not,I should hesitate as a popular reviewerof books to speak with any respectat all of this the work of a disrepu- table Restoration hack, to wit—GeorgeFarquhar.But though it's years since I first readthis rolicking comedy of his I cannotrecall having at any time since I read itfelt any particular animosity against thisGeorge—or, for that matter, ' gainst anyGeorge; for what's not in a name?...and in the name George is all thatmakes for good.George R. Sims, George AugustusSala, George Bernard Shaw, GeorgiePorgie, G. R. S., G. B. S., G. A. S.;Lord George Gordon, George jean Na- than, Lord George Sanger, Sir GeorgeFalstaff, ....for dont't tell me he hadn'ta brother-r-an iron-fisted reformer whoall for John's sake, amen, went aboutbreaking whisky bottles; yes, mostJohns have brothers and these areGeorges.And how the poets pick the namesthey need and how they use them.Oh George, tell them to stop,That was the cry of Mar-l-ali.And again:" Georgie Porgie pudding and pieKiss'd the girls and made 'em cry— "And once more:" When good King George Arthurruled this landHe was a goodly kingHe stole three pecks of Barley mealTo make a bag pudding.What is not in a name.... ? Con- ceive these impossibilities:—George Gabriel D'Annunzio.George Irving.George Brinsley Sheridan.George Garrick ? ....yes, there ac- tually was a George Garrick, ibut itdon't seem credible.I am not for abolishing the namebecause it's just the very thing for aWashington or a Stephenson or aShaw, and fits Farquhar like a glove.Yet it's not a first-class name—nothing can make it so. Now Richardis; Charles, John. William is,— andHenry is, and so is Philip; and Paul, and Daniel. But Frank, James, Robert,Peter, Walter, Thomas, Joseph, An- drew, Ralph all rank with Hugh andare second-class names; while Percy,Reginald, Frederick, Augustus, Leo- nard, Anthony, Samuel, Sidney, Geof- frey, Lewis are distinctly third-classnames. And when their owners aredressed in the coats and hats of thesedays and seen in London they aresomehow difficult to believe in.But let us speak of George nomore and turn to Farquhar.Farquhar, if unfortunate in his lifeis lucky in his friends. Sir EdmundGosse has written him up—has writ- ten Drury Lane down (the theatrewhich allowed the dramatist to die),and a lady has titivated him out incolours, this lady being Miss V6raWilloughby.But who is Vera Willoughby-—whatis she ? I know who she would be werethis the 18th century : ~ she'd be Mrs.George Farquhar, ...for never has anyoneunderstood the poor man a3 V6ra does.She would have cut out " the younglady from Yorkshire ", taken George inhand and made him outshine Congreveand Wycherly; prevented him fromgoing to Dublin to act, boomed himin the salons of Mayfair and Belgra- via, forbidden him the luxury of theback garret in St. Martin's Lane;forbidden him to die at twenty-nine ;made him live, and introduced him toSheridan. She would have done allthis for she is the bride-elect of GeorgeFarquhar ; but then we would neverhave had her charming drawings hadshe lived in the 18th century ; thosechildren of her mind, drawings to befor ever associated with Farquhar andVera.There again I am cornered by aname. The name Willoughby neverwas and never can be a name toconjure with. I can't bring myself tosay it twice. I know many a nicebeing called W-ll-ghby and all whobear the name are kind : so be kind,Miss Vera and change it quickly anddo up your house just in the deliciousway in which you've done these draw- ings ; — smother your boudoir, yourhall and your nursery with these love- ly delicate colours put on as no oneelse can do it—(and as everyone elsewill now be trying to do it) ; andwhatever else you may want to do, doit — for you are del ghtful;—do all butone thing—don't work for the stage.For you have a talent —and youhave most else ; and they will ail bewanting you to design scenes and cos- tumes for five-pence-three-farthings a me- tre as they want eveiyone of talent to do, and then drop them after a sea- son or so.Remember what happened to yourunpractical Farquhar.So stick to the illustrating of books,to working on paper, and you willnever regret it. Do the other thing,and you will.With Mr. George Farauhar's leaveI remain,Madam,yours admiringlyAlexander Rich.P. S. Note: There are only 550numbered copies and 400 or morewill be gone by this time,— so hurryup and order one, for all of thetwelve large colour prints are wellworth a guinea apiece, the play is atreat, and the binding is perfection.ITTIW IWWWBMBWWBWI III I 11 IMWIIIWWWHI » 1WT.1W tWWII HTM MONTEVERDI HIS LIFE ANDWORK, by Henry Brunieres. /. M.Dent &amp; Sons. Price 10/- net. THIS is that other Verdi—Monte- verdi ; and I stress the fact onlybecause I learn daily more and mosethat one should leave nothing suppo- sed when explaining how a spade isnot a bicycle but a thing for diggingwith.The book appeared some years agoin French and now Marie D. Muckiehas translated it beautifully into En- glish.There are seventy-five lines of musicillustrating here and there the interestingtext. It is altogether a readable work,...and mind you have a piano handy.Monteverdi died long ago ; it was onNovember 29th 1643 that he died;he was born still longer ago—in 1567upon May 15th. So that the EnglishHistorians of the Opera who can readno French will welcome this timelyaccount of part of his life and labours.Like Mozart he was made to workhard ; when his own special tyrant,the Duke of Mantova, wanted anopera, he ordered Monteverdi to goahead and deliver one, not later than,let us say, December 3rd. When byNovember 3rd Monteverdi had mana- ged to get three-quarters of said opusready, Duke Gonzaga changed hismind and, in a thoroughly ladylikeway, asked for a Ballet instead. Thisnotion of changing his mind was astanding joke with the Duke. Mon- teverdi should never have botheredabout the Duke, for he had a com- fortable church in Venice for whichto write his dramatic soul to tatters,so what he could desire more passesordinary comprehension. Monteverdi again, like Mozart, likeBenvenuto Cellin and like Leonardoand some fifty or sixty more cuckoldryartists, as often as not had to be writingto his comfortable Patron asking forhis pay. It's a low down sort of snob- bery of course to be always worryingover the non-arri/ai of a gentleman'spromise—but there it is. These artistshave always done it. They forget tomistrust these rascally ; Patrons at thebeginning of the job, and pout andjibber when at the end the Patronbegins to mistrust them. Fools all ofthem; and the Patrons not exactlyposh. DRAMA, by Ashley Dalies. Williams &amp; Norgate Ltd. Price 1/- netcloth. E. G. C. THAT celebrated little series, the44 Home University Library hasissued yet another volume which closeswith the question of Drama where theothers have just touched on it.Mr. Ashley Dukes being a Drama- tist, and what is more, a student ofthe modern European Theatre, is notquite so insular as the job requires.For Drama, the airy home of theDramatist, is an undefined spot inspace entirely surrounded by preju- dice.... and Mr. Dukes is unpreju- diced.In his first line he not only refersto 44 the gentle reader " but also to44 the gentle playgoer M ;—sweetness ofdisposition can go no further. 44 Gentleplaygoer " seems to me to be a vilephrase. 44 Tame cat 44 door matthese leap to my mind as describingthe conglomerate stuff which goes tothe London Theatre these days.Then Mr. Dukes begins to humand then to coo. He says " In the firstplace it (the book) is a book of thetheatre **. The likes of this author isnot to be found in all England. Inthe course of his 245 pages he doesthe most outrageous things : he is po- sitively polite to people he should(by every law of the Garrick andAuthors' Clubs) be rude to. He ischarming to D'Annunzio, ...J mean heremembers his name, though he is some- what incorrect in stating that 44 du- ring the greater part of the 19th cen- tury the Italian Theatre was barren".t or Gailina, 1852-1897, was a cele- brated commedeografo whose plays arestill performed when an actor is notfearful of comparison with Benini.Then there is the author of 44 LaMorte Civile" (1868), Paolo Giaco- metti. And what of Giambattista Nic- colini who, Tonelli tells us, 44 fu assai lodato per lo stile che passa ancoraper splendido e magnifico " ? Can asmuch (and "precisely that) be ;said forSir A. W. Pinero's 44 stile " ?Then let us not forget GiuseppeGiacosa. I don't, but Mr Dukes does.Giacosa wrote 44 Tristi amori ", 44 Comele foglie " and 44 II piii forte ".If we cannot stop a moment toconsider Silvio Pellico we surely mustdo so before 44 Romanticism©" andits author Gerolamo Rovetta, whichplay Addison Macleod speaks of as44 perhaps the most thrilling prose playwe have seen ".But if Mr. Dukes forgets theseitems in the bill he is more than ge- nerous to some of the supernumeraries—myself for example, and is altoge- ther alive to the strength of the Thea- tre—a very rare thing in a good Dramatist. DAUMIER UND DAS THEA- TER, edited by Hans Rothe. PaulList Verlag, Leipzig. Price Marks 8.50. THE Publisher Paul List is bringingout a series of much needed vo- lumes, nine in all, on the work ofDaumier,—of Daumier's work ; thereis some need to emphasize for toooften an Editor imagines that it ishis opinion which we want, and so hewrites on and on telling us all hefeels and what orher people have toldhim, and adding a few illustrations bythe master ; binds all this elegantly instiff buckram with gold design, and,putting his nose high in the air—likea Daumier caricature come to life—hewalks down St. Jame's and possiblyround to Leicester Square.Dr. Hans Rothe on the other handhas let us off with nine and a halfpages of text and has given us sixtyfour full page reproductions of Dau- mier's Theatrical lithographs, the re- productions being, it seems, their ori- ginal size.It is useless to tell 999 out of every1000 actors 44 Your library is incompletewithout this book; your daily work,your very life, is dependent on thisbook for they hear nothing; or, tobe tragically exact, those who most needit hear nothing.But so it is; in these sixty-fourplates he ridicules all that is most ri- diculous in actors, and now and againhe lingers less ironically on some thingsthat are touching in their lives.As for the way they are drawn,well, often it is careless; sometimes,often, admirable; and twenty timesout of sixty masterly.The other volumes promised us deal with Daumier and Politics, Daumierand War, Daumier and the Artists,Daumier and the Lawyers—and he isever best in the Law Courts for therehe gets his theatre as well, and theymove Mess ; there is more black andwhite, and there too he finds that greylight with which his pencil plays somagnificently, — and it is more tragic.One of the best of the theatricalseries shows a young lady's d£but withbouquets raining down on her, and atthe side, behind one of the wings, herold mother with clasped hands is ecs- tatically thanking God for it. Thetext runs: 44 The Daughter makes herfirst appearance ; 4" She is a success "cries her mama ; 44 People are throw- ing flowers to her —flowers ! God, Ithank thee (In her ecstasy sheforgets that she herself ordered thebouquets). THE MUMMY, A Handbook ofEgyptian Funerary Archaeology, bySir E. A. Wallis Budge Kt. M. A.Litt. D. D. Litt. D. Lit., F. S. A.Cambridge University Press. 45/-net. TO talk with sense about a bookon this subject should be, oneimagines, just the very thing a thea- trical minded critic could do; for hetoo deals in signs and he likes thelook of them scattered all over thisbook of five hundred pages. Why say Bull when you can drawhim ?—why say lots of Bulls when,by adding three strokes after ycurpicture, you can suggest immediatelythat what you mean is more than onebull. Why try fumblingly to express an- ger and wrath in words when in onepicture of an ape with his back upand tall curling you can hit the nailat once ? Talking about Death is asad and fruitless talk ; but an 0 covers thewhole question and leaves a lot overto spare.—Do not tell me you seewhat I mean ; put two 0 0 on a postcardand I shall understand—and the post- man won't— two lovely white eyes. But for purposes of expression theShaws of this world are convincedthat there is nothing better than leather ;and they have my sympathy alwaysfrom afar. To be in 1926 so nearthe hub as all that, is to be too nearthe hum. Yet we theatrical people fully de- serve the contempt of the w7ordy onesfor we have recently given up the useof signs. So we complain. You can- not grumble in signs; the inventors ofthe sign language were unable tostretch their imaginations far enoughto express a fog or the misty moun- tain tops of logic. A London parti- cular was beyond them ; they held itall too highbrow of the police to allowthat. But the signs they did make canall be found in this little tribute offive hundred pages to 44 The Mummy ",and Sir Wallis Budge has made all thesigns clear to the reader. After readinga page or two anyone can write a longletter in Egyptian—and actors at lasthave a dictionary which need not taxtheir intelligence in the very least.A magnificent piece of work. / 6 TO 20. by Robin Douglas. A•M. Philpot Ltd. Price 7/ 6. AT the end of this first book of hisMr. Douglas, after wild adven- tures in London, finds himself marriedat twenty-one.The notion is a good one. Hehas chosen a profession and is a memberof the Advertising Department of agroup of papers, and is ambitious towin his way to the top of that pro- fession. So perhaps we shall loseanother gifted writer. But what is awriter to do who can't get paid forwork. It does not feed him and hisfamily if you tell him that lots of ar- tists, writers and musicians have hadtwenty years of that sort of treatment,because he must know that the strainbreaks down too many men and hedoesn't want to break down at twenty- five, break up his house at twenty-six,break the ten commandments which heknows are sound, break someone's headand perhaps some day break into song.So may be the Advertising businessin the very thing, I know a charmingfellow who lives in Paris; — oncewrote and drew and had a studio;gave that all up because the breakingin process struck him as too costly.Now he has an advertising business^How many thousands of francs passand repass through his fingers eachquarter I never dared to ask; but Iknow they must be many thousandthousands.He has none of the liberty of theartist for the office ties him down. Itwould break me down — but thereyou are; that's not his brittle spot,and the lucky thing is to know wherethat weak spot is. Many folk losethirty-five years locating it and thendon't discover it.But what about the strong point ? Is itever worth sacrificing one's career for that?But you have to find the strongpoint. How much time can you spareto do that ?These reflections Mr. Douglas's bookawakens in me. SONNETS VERSES by EnidClay. The Golden Cockerel Press.1926. 15/- net. {Limited Editionod 450 copies).THE poems are pretty and the en- gravings are stern. Mr. Gill is,of course, a wood-engraver and a half— a born craftsman : but it is the waythe book is printed and bound whichfor the moment holds my attention.Mr. Gibbs has composed the thingwell. The press work by A. C. Cooperand W. R. Mills is good.The books from the Golden Cocke- rel Press were always interesting, butthose I chanced to see were not care- fully enough bound, nor was the set- ting and printing quite as good as theseof a swell de luxe book might be.Mr. Gibbings, seeing this, took overthe management of the Press, and nowevery page, margin, stitch, hinge andcorner shows that the eye and mind ofMr. Gibbings is at work.The Golden Cockerel Press, has afuture before it, more especially if itwill issue just a few rough and readypopular booklets on its off days, itsSaturday afternoons, the workmen beingallowed to go along easily with thecraft, doing their best but not tryingto be too perfect for words.Being careless is not what I mean,but going a bit more easily, carryingthemselves a shade less stiffly. Theycan always do that on Sundays. THE LITTLE ROOM by GuyPococfc, illustrated by Henry S. Sands./. M. Dent &amp; Sons. Price 6/- net. A series of pleasant short essays oninteresting things including suchsubjects as Fairies and Fairy-Tales,Ballads, The Origin of Mezzotinto, theMaking of Anthologies, Ghosts in Arfc&gt;The Bassoon, the Building of a Picture,and other kindred themes. THE OLD BRIDGE by WilliamJ. Locke. The Bodley Head. Price7/6 net. THOSE who like Mr. Locke's kindlyand graceful tales will welcomethis new story of his, for the back- ground of much of which he has se- lected Florence, depicting the humoursof its pensions and tourists as well asdescribing enthusiastically the beauty tobe found in the city itself, its streetsand galleries, and that44 Ponte Vecchio "from which he takes the name. EDITORIAL NOTES. MIRACLE. HOW TO BRING GRIMALDI, KEAN,BUCKSTONE, AND OTHERS TO LIFE. HAVING described all the wonderswhich our forefathers witnessedat the old Sadler's Wells Theatre,having spoken of the glories of theplace, of King, the original 44 Sir PeterTeazle of £ 10,000 cleared in asingle season, of the astounding perfor- mances of 44 the immortal Joey Gri*maldi of Edmund Kean's appearance,of Mrs. Fitzwilliam, of Buckstone and;J. B. Booth, of T. P. Cooke and.Samuel Phelps, a writer in 44 Notes &amp;Queries ", that ever delightful publi- cation, winds up an interesting articlewith an immortal phrase: —u It is these glories that are, if11 the Duke of Devonshire's appeala meets with a generous response, to" be now revivedWhich, unless King, Grimaldi, Kean,Buckstone, Booth, Cook, and Phelpscan also be revived, seems to be opti- mistic.To revive glories one must be amagician. To create new glories onlyan artist is needed — but make surethese glories can compare with the oldones. So hurry up ! Look around fortalent, even genius. Bring it into exis- tence — bring it up — bring it to-London. But take care, for even thenit might not find its way up to thenew Sadler's Wells which the 44 OldVic " group with Miss Baylis are so &gt;keen to see filled with the poor people of the district, those 44 countless thou- sands " (of people) who will, they tellus, receive 44 knowledge and wisdomcombined '*, adding 44 Trams and busespass the doors .as though poor peo- ple could afford either a tram or a bus inwhich even to pass this new 4 Old Vic '.. FOOLING THE PUBLIC.o 14T H E SILENT LIE", o THE 44 Church Times", in its re- view of the New British Ency- clopaedia, draws attention to the factthat, whereas Dr. Barnes has twenty- one lines devoted to him, the work ofDr. Gore is given but seven lines.Passing to the stage, the 44 ChurchTimes " is 44 surprised to find thatwhereas Miss Edith Craig, describedas 4 British theatrical producer ' is thesubject of a separate article, her illus- trious brother, Mr. Gordon Craig, ismentioned only at the end of thearticle on his sister ".The question is, who wrote theChurch's notes, who the Stage's?We learn that Mr. St. John Ervinewrote the Stage notes ;—and, as Mr.Craig put it in a letter to the 44 Mor- ning Post " only a month or two ago,44 if Mr. St. John Ervine is a greatman he is also a great baby ". IF ?And indeed, sensitive babies playingin a nursery go on very much in theway that grown Englishmen do in cer- tain sections of the Press.44 I won't—you shan't—if you pullmy dollie's leg I shall tell your muv- »»ver .It's pretty, — awfully pretty — butit is rather a waste of time, and nota little insulting to the British Public.I III —' w wmmmmmmmmtmAmmmaammm ■mm MISAPPREHENSIONS. TWATRW » &lt;■ i— 11—M—■HIHII urn HI IW44 By no means the least inspiring thingabout On the Art of the Theatre byMr. Craig is the utter lack ot cocksure- ness The Times Literary Supplement.THE 44 Clarion " is troubled about44 The Mask " and with Mr.Craig.—It finds 44 he is deliciouslycocksure of himself ".44 The Clarion " says it cannot makeout what exactly are the aims andends of Mr. Craig, but adds : 44 you donot quite agree with anything he saysThis is, after all, symptomatic of peoplein a great hurry ;—they are prone to dis- agree with anyone when they cannotpause to make out what it is they aresaying. And to pause for a momentand listen is quite out of the question.And* so the Old Vic is exalted asthe highest possible standard, since tounderstand the aims of the Old Vic all you have to do is to accept themwhile catching a bus and without un- derstanding a word. SOME SMUGNESS. SENDING us a copy of the latestprospectus for an 44 InternationalTheatre Arts Institute " established inAmerica, a friend from Germany haswritten on the cover 44 What do youthink of this Immense Enterprise ?Enough to discourage a century of ar- tists We agree.A 44 Description of the Courses"turnc the blood cold ; it has much ofthe pretension of such Institutes of thekind as were started before the war.Anyone who wishes to judge forhimself the kind of thing that it isproposed to teach, and to note thehigh fallutin tones in which the ma- nifesto unfolds itself, should write fora prospectus to No. 102 RemsenStreet, Brooklyn, New York. U. S. A.Self-conscious smugness has hardlyever been expressed better.It is probably a school founded upona misconception of the work of somesix week's student under Reinhardt, orStanislawsky, and who was sent awayfor not attending to his studies. HOW MUCH ENCHANTMENTDOES DISTANCE LEND? AS we had always understood thatthe late Mr. Harry Furness wasone of the best caricaturists Londonboasted of in ! 880-1900, and stoodas representative of the man in thestreet, the following quite upsets us:—SOME VICTORIA L MEN, ByHarry Furness. New York : Dodd,Mead &amp; Company.A volume of laboured and wit- less anecdotes, adorned with third- rate caricatures. A stupider book itwould be hard to imagine".This is brief review of the booktaken lock, stock and barrel from 44 TheAmerican Mercury " and written byH. L. Mencken.The worst of it is we daresay he'sright. But Furness was almost alwaysmerry. He and Mencken would havegot along famously. What would Menc- ken have written about 44 Some Vic- torian Men " if he'd known Furness.Puzzle. THE EGG OF COLUMBUS.OR: HOW TO ACHIEVE THEUNATTAINABLE WITH EASE. AFTER the production of 44 ThePretenders " at Copenhagen byMr. Gordon Craig and Mr. Johannes Poulsen, the London newspaper 04 TheStar" (Nov. 22nd.) expressed thehope that Mr, Gordon Craig mightnow be " lured from his continentalfastnesses " and the manifestation ofsome of his more ambitious schemesfor theatrical decorations be seen inLondon,We suppose that Mr. Craig mightbe glad to produce something in London ;but, as is well known, theatrical deco- ration is but an item in his scheme,-—and it was not to make a few decorsthat he visited Copenhagen. This iswhere ye merrie olde London Criticalways goes wrong.We also* suppose from rumours co- ming from authoritative sources thatall Mr. Craig asks is a sign of sincerefriendship—the genuine article—fromthose who invite his cooperation.Are there any British impresarios,managers, promoters or actors who ap- preciate what this Englishman stands for ?-—who realize that the foreigners whomthey worship, ....the Reinhardts, Diaghi- leffs, Copeaus and the like, are allmore or less pupils or disciples ofCraig ?If English Impresarios want to exploitCraig it should be quite easyallthey have to do is to employ ordinarytact and express some sincere appre- ciation of what he has done, andCraig would be at work with themin less than half an hour.At least, knowing Craig, so wesuppose. OUR 1 927 VOLUME. THE new volume of THE MASKis actually, according to sequence,volume XIII. But, since some of ourreaders and contributors manifest somekind of prejudice against the numberthirteen, we have decided to call it44 Volume XII " bis \vhi!e it is appearing,and only bind it up as 44 Volume XIII "when it has reached a successful close.We ask subscribers and others, there- fore, in ordering separate numbers,or stating with which number theywish to begin, to specify either No. 1,No. 2, No. 3, No. 4 1927, or,January, April, July or October 1927.As we hope it is to be a speciallyfavourable year for the progress of44 The Mask " itself and the causewhich it exists to support and forward,we have not wished to jeopardise thefulfilment of the many good wisheswhich have reached us by even soslight a matter as a number ; so here,between volumes twelve and fourteen,appears, January 1927, part one ofvolume Twelve bis. "TRULY, MY SATAN, THOU ART BUT A DUNCE...."W. B. W. B. 1784. AN unrecorded copy of William Blake's Songs of Innocence (1789-1794),containing the 54 plates proper to the combined edition — the propertyof Mr. Alfred G. Gray — realised £ 1,350 at Messrs. Sotheby's, London.London Daily Paper. IN the year 1807, living at 17 SouthMolton St. near Poverty Lane London,on January 20th Blake, aged fifty, madean entry in his MS Book: "TuesdayJanry 20, 1807, between ten and seven inthe evening Despair ".In the same year in August he wrotethese verses:—I rose up at the dawn of day —Get thee away ! get thee away !Pray'st thou for riches ? Away ! away !This is the Throne of Mammon grey.Said I, This, sure, is very odd :I took it to be the Throne of God.For everything besides I have :Its only for riches that I can crave.I have mental joy, and mental health,And mental friends, and mental wealthI 've a wife I love, and that loves me ;I' ve all but riches bodily.I am in God's presence night and day,And He never turns His face away ;The accuser of sins by my side dothstand,And he holds my money-bag in his handFor my worldly things God makeshim pay,And he'd pay more if to him I wouldpray ;And so you may do the worst youcan do;Be assur'd, Mr. Devil, I wont prayto you. Then if for riches I must not prayGod knows, I little of prayer needsay ;So as a church is known by itssteeple,If I pray it must be for other people.He says, if I do not worship him fora God,I shall eat coarser food, and goworse shod;So, as I don't value such things asthese,You must do, Mr. Devil, just as Godplease.w. B.THE best book of Blake's PoeticalWorks is the Oxford Edition, OxfordUniversity Press ; (cloth) ; and the chea- pest. The Notes, the Bibliographicalintroduction and the Chronological Tableare illuminating, and there are fifteenfull page designs by Blake and one por- trait.Blake died in 1827, August 12th atthe age of seventy. In the same yeardied Beethoven.There's Doctor ClashAnd Signor Falalasole,O they sweep in the cashInto their purse hole !Fa me la sol,La me fa sol. ASLEEP OR AWAKE? IN the last number of 44 The Mask",J. B. enquired whether 44 any stepsare taken by the authorities or citizensof the chief towns (of England) to ascer- tain what percentage of people are thea- tre-goers and lovers of art " ; and in thesame number a book reviewer commentedon the report that the cities of Englandare 44 full of dull people " ; that 44 whenyou ask, have they sympathy and under- standing for the theatre and the arts ?They are fast asleep, dull — prejudiced'is the reportWe have not yet data for any defi- nite conclusions; but we may put for- ward a recent experience as evidenceof the attitude of one city towards itsenergetic and in many ways praiseworthytheatre.We published an article of somelength, in two parts, upon this Theatrein our July and October numbers, 1926.The writer bestowed on it much praise, aswell as serious and constructive criticism,and, by these articles, helped to make itsendeavours known to others engaged inlike enterprises all over the world.Now it might have been assumed thatthe citizens of that city would have ta- ken some satisfaction in the prominencegiven to their local enterprise: and thatespecially would all the workers in thetheatre, from the Director downwards,have felt not only encouraged and sti- mulated, but have realised afresh,... orperhaps for the first time.... that 44 TheMask " exists and works to championevery bit of good work in the Theatrewheresoever it may be, and to make itknown to all the other scattered workers,....to establish links in one united chainof effort running round the world.Yet not one person connected withthat theatre or from that city sent oneword to 44 The Mask " on the subject,and booksellers' reports were that notone of the copies in their hands had beenbought; .... which leads us unwillinglyto assume that not one worker in thattheatre cared enough to secure as a littlepermanent possession and memento thisserious study of their work written bythe leader of the Modern Movement inthe Theatre. Perhaps they all borrowedthe Director's copy and 44 passed it on " ;....but would the wide awake and enthu- siastic do that ?We put the question, and leave ourreaders to reply. LONDON REALISM. MR. Leon M. Lion, Bookseller, of theAmbassadors Theatre, W. C. 2.holds a varied stock of 1,000 books.4tIn the dramatisation of44 RiceymanSteps", he becomes the 44 compleal "bookseller, strutting his little hour or twoin the atmosphere of a real bookshop ! "This, we are assured, is 44 the first timethat a real bookshop has been presentedin the theatre. The usual stage book- shelf is like the pantomime sword, andthe Christmas turkey, a mere propertyof painted wood. Mr. Lion's realismconstitutes an interesting event in thehistory of bookselling and of the stage,and Foyles, of Charing Cross Road,having been privileged to lend the books,wish their 44 rival " every success in hisnew venture ".So much for Charing Cross Roadreclame. But as a matter of fact it's amighty poor advertisement for the Bri- tish stage.To plump a real library on theboards of a theatre is to shirk the wholedifficulty of painting realistically.And what sort of play is 44 RiceymanSteps " that a real bookshop on the stagebecomes it ?Perfect as reclame, the real libraryis theatrically bosh. AN ATOM OF TIME. AN hour has sixty minutes — eachminute has sixty seconds ; so thatthere are three thousand six hundredseconds in every hour.Something can be done in an hour,and even in a second.What can be done in an atom oftime ? For it appears that there is anatom of time. In an hour there aretwenty two thousand, five hundred andsixty atoms.This we learn from that ever enter- taining, surprising publication 44 Notesand Queries " which is now in its se- venty-seventh year.This way of reckoning time is me- diaeval and is found in the CambridgeUniversity MS of the 44 Cloud of Unknow- ing ". There we learn that a point isthe fourth part of an hour; a moment isthe tenth part of a point; an ounce isthe twelfth part of a moment, and anatom is the forty-seventh part of anounce.A moment was therefore one and ahalf minutes, ie, ninety seconds.When we used to speak of 4 half amoment " we suppose we meant threequarters of a minute.That was taking time practically ;for in three quarters of a minute some- thing really can bb done thoroughly;whereas in an atom of time at the mostall one can do is to conceive an entirepoem — if one be Dante, or Shakespeare.