Digital Transcription and Facsimile of Broom, Vol. 3, No. 3 (1922-10) naap_1922-10_01 Princeton University Library 2 types (wrappers, inside), paper has watermark ("P. M.") 84 22 32 continuous with previous issue images and illustrations printed on inside paper 5 pages on inside paper, and 2 pages (inside and outside of back cover) Based on Century Inscription/annotation on the cover in blue crayon/pencil ('Oct 1922' and in grey pencil 'Oct 1922') cover probably in wrappers and inside stiched/sewn but pages are cut Sold for 50 cents 10 lire 6 francs 3/6 . Owned by Sylvia Beach Broom Harold A. Loeb edt pbl Edward Storer edt Lola Ridge edt Broom pbl Ernesto Fratoni prt 'L'Universelle' Imprimerie Polyglotte, Roma prt 3 3 October 1922 Headquarters: Schickler Strasse 5, Berlin, Germany Cecil Palmer Oakley House 14-18 Bloomsbury St. W. C. I London Broom Cover Design Enrico Prampolini cre Illustration 1 Table of Contents 2 Stavrogin's Confession Feodor Dostoyevsky cre Avrahm Yarmolinsky trl 5-13 Sinbad John Crawford cre 14 Drawing Henri Matisse cre Illustration 15 A Champion in the Wilderness Robert Alden Sanborn cre 16-21 Silence Edward Storer cre 22 The Carnival Edward Storer cre 22 In Hospital Edward Storer cre 23 Poor Devils Edward Storer cre 23 At the Antipodes of Unity Blaise Cendrars cre M. J. trl 24-35 Drawing Henri Matisse cre Illustration 36 Epitaphs Philippe Soupault cre Matthew Josephson trl 37 Arthur Cravan 37 Francis Picabia 38 Theodore Fraenkel 38 Marie Laurencin 38 Louis Aragon 39 Paul Eluard 39 Tristan Tzara 39 Drawing Henri Matisse cre Illustration 40 Young Man with Spectacles Malcolm Cowley cre 41-45 The Lay of Maldoror Comte de Lautréamont cre John Rodker trl 46-58 Cornbread and Eyes David Rosenthal cre 59 Untitled Illustration 59 Observations on Returning to the Remnants of Civilization Gilbert Cannan cre 60-63 Drawing Henri Matisse cre Illustration 64 The Painter Roger Vitrac cre M. J. trl 65-71 Drawing Henri Matisse cre Illustration 72 Drawing Henri Matisse cre Illustration 73 Tatlin’s Monument to the Third International Louis Lozowick cre 74-76 Tatlin’s Monument Illustration 75 The Aesthetic of the Machine and Mechanical Introspection in Art Enrico Prampolini cre E. S. trl 77-79 Untitled Illustration 79 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 3 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 4 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 80 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 81 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 82 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 82 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 82 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 82 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 82 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 83 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 84 BROOM An International Magazine of the Arts Published by Harold A. Loeb. Editor, Harold A. Loeb. Associate Editor, Edward Storer. American Editor, Lola Ridge. APPEARS MONTHLY OCTOBER, 1922 vol. 3, NO 3. Cover Design — Enrico Prampolini. Stravrogin's Confession — Feodor Dostoyevsky 163 Sinbad — John Crawford *7 2 Drawings — Henri Matisse 173-194-198-222-230-231 A Champion in the Wilderness — Robert x\lden Sanborn 174 Poems — Edward storer 180 At the Antipodes of Unity — Blaise Cendrars 182 Epitaphs — Philippe Soupault 195 Young man with Spectacles — Malcolm Cowley • 199 The lay of Maldoror — Comte de Lautr&amp;amont 204 CORNBREAD AND EYES — DAVID ROSENTHAL 21 7 Observations on returning to the remnants of civilization — Gilbert Cannan 218 The Painter — Roger Vitrac 223 Tatlin's Monument to the Third International — Louis Lozowick 232 Tatlin's Monument 233 The Aesthetic of the machine and Mechanical Introspection in Art — Enrico Prampolini. . 235 The Editor of Broom will be pleased to consider mss. submitted to him, but all mss. must be accompanied by a self-addressed, stamped envelope. The Editor cannot hold himself respon - sible for loss of mss. in transit. Mss. from Europe should be sent to the Rome office; mss. from America to the New York office. The price of Broom is: For America, fifty cents the copy, and five dollars for a year's subscription. For Italy, 10 lire the copy, and 100 lire for a year's subscription. For France, 6 francs the copy, and 60 francs for a year's subscription. For Great Britain, 3/6 the copy, and one pound and fifteen shillings for a year's subscription. The contents of this issue are protected by copyright, January, 1922. Infringement of same will be prosecuted. Entered as Second Class matter at the Post Office at New York, N. Y. April 22, 1922 under the Act of March 3, 1879. Headquarters, Schickler Strasse 5, Berlin, Germany. New York Office, Three East Ninth Street, London Office, Cecil Palmer, Oakley House, 15-18 Bloomsbury St., W. C. I. The Most Important Announcement Made By An American Publisher In Years THE CARRA EDITION OF THE WORKS OF GEORGE MOORE BOOKLOVBRS and admirers of George Moore have eagerly awaited the announcement of a collected edition of his works. We take great pleasure in announcing that we have completed arrangements for the publication of a definitive subscription edition of his writings, which will be the first unexpurgated and uni- form collection of all of his books which he desires to per- petuate. The author has not only written an entirely new and characteristic preface, but has made textual changes, in most cases of considerable importance, in every one of the works reissued in this new edition. Two of these works, Modem Painting and The Brook Kerith, have been entirely rewritten; and there are two new books which will appear for the first time in this edition, In Strict Singleness and Peronnik the Fool, Daphnis and Chloe, etc. The set will include such heretofore private- ly printed titles as A Story-Teller's Holiday, Avowals and Heloise and Abelard, all of which are now very diffi- cult to obtain, and only at high premiums. New Moore works are likely to be added in the same uniform for- mat from time to time, and the original subscribers to this edition will have the privilege of purchasing them at the first subscription price. The Carra Edition is strictly limited to one thousand numbered sets for sale and twenty-five sets marked A to Y (not for sale). The first volume in each set will be signed by the author. The edition will be printed from special type on pure rag paper and bound uncut with vellum backs and paper board sides. The publishers plan to issue the books in groups of three volumes each, and the first group should be ready by October i, 1922 ; the other groups will be published at intervals of two months. The price will be $ 8.50 per volume, and the pub- lishers reserve the right to advance the price to $ 10.00 per volume after the first publication day. You are urged to place your subscription at once through your bookseller, or direct to the pub- lishers. A special brochure will be mailed on request. In view of the limited number available, an early subscription is desirable to avoid disappointment. Zbc Intimate Series These volumes are octavo size, printed on English laid paper, with uncut edges, and handsomely bound in library buckram. The editions are strictly limited to 1,500 numbered copies. Each, $4.00. The Twenty Titles in the CARRA EDITION are: Lewis Seymour and Some Women The Mummer's Wife Muslin Spring Days Esther Waters Evelyn Inness fiJcfar TarACA The Lake and The Untilled Field Avowals and Confessions of a Young Man Memoirs of My Dead Life Ave Salve Vale The Brook Kerith A Story-Teller's Holiday Heloise and Abelard In Strict Singleness Peronnik the Fool, Daphnis and Chloe, etc. Impressions and Opinions Modern Painting THE GEORGE SAND - GUSTAVE FLAUBERT LETTERS Translated by AIMEE McKENZIE Introduction by STUART P. SHERMAN These frank and affectionate letters, extending from 1866 to 1876, make an extraordinary fascinat- ing volume. George Sand's family life at Nohant, the old bachelor's solitude at Croisset, meetings in Paris, adventures with publishers and theatrical man- agers, and pungent comment on such friends as Sainte- Beuve, Hugo, Gautier, and Turgenev, are here. THE NIETZSCHE — WAGNER CORRESPONDENCE Edited by ELIZABETH FOERSTER - NIETZSCHE Translated by CAROLINE V. KERR Introduction by H. I#. MENCKEN Here are collected and published for the first time Nietzsche's letters to and from Wagner. The book contains much that is entirely new — in fact, every- thing that could contribute to a true estimate of one of the most remarkable and romantic friendships of the xixth Century. ROBERT HENRI Edited by WIIyI+IAM YARROW and I,OUIS BOUCH&amp; This first volume in the American Art library is a superb monograph on one of the foremost American ar- tists, and combines a charming resumG of his life and work with forty reproductions of his paintings on the finest paper obtainable, without lettering, suitable for mounting. The edition is limited to nine hun- dred and ninety copies. Subscription price, $ 10.00. (Illustrated brochure on application). BONI &amp; LIVERIGHT 103 West 40 th St. NEW YORK CITY NEW FALL BOOKS THE ADVENTURES OF MAYA THE BEE by WALDEMAR BONSELS # Illustrated with head and tail piece in black and white for each chapter and with four full- page colored illustrations by HOMER BOSS. The greatest children's book since " Alice in Wonderland And adults will enjoy it also. Half a million copies already sold in the original. Translated into seventeen languages including the Japanese. $2.50. THE NOVEL BY THE NEGRO AUTHOR CROWNED WITH THE PRIX GONCOURT The Whole World is Reading It BATOUALA by RENE MARAN BATOUAIyA is the Iliad of the African Negro. But it is the Iliad of a people who live in our own day. New York Times : " This story of primitive love and hate is developed amid striking scenes of native life in Central Africa. There is a description of a great native dance which reveals Rene Maran as having a remarkable fund of original and first-hand knowledge of the Negroes of whom he writes. He draws pictures of the African wilderness, creates an atmosphere of vast spaces and silence and mystery which recall W. H. Hudson at his best. And always, even when his Africans are dancing and revelling at their maddest, he succeeds in suggesting the unhappiness that besets them, the sword of Damocles which the white man holds suspended over their heads. " $1.75. Sells 8,000 a day in France. A sensational success in every language into which it has been translated. JEREMIAH A dramatic Poem in nine Scenes by STEFAN ZWEIG Romctin Rolland, in a long article on this play, says : " Zweig sought his inspiration in the Bible. One figure especially attracted him; that of Jeremiah, the wronged prophet of the peace that blossoms on ruins. Jeremiah is the most beautiful example that I know of, of the sublime melancholy that sees beyond the bloody drama of today the eternal tragedy of humanity. But there are defeats more fertile than victories and sorrows more resplendent than joys. Zweig's poem presents them with grandeur. " $2.00. Two Important New Books by D. H. LAWRENCE FANTASIA OP THE UNCONSCIOUS This remarkable book is a statement of Lawrence's philosophy of life. It elabor- ates further his theory of the Unconscious as set forth in a previous volume, " Psychoana- lysis and the Unconscious ". But it is far more than that. It is a discussion in essay form of the human problems of today, the problems dealt with as personal experiences in Mr. Lawrence's fiction : " The Rainbow " Women in Love " Aaron's Rod " and " The Lost Girl ". Mr. Lawrence has some very original views on the question of education, the bringing up of children, marriage, love and other vital issues of human relationship. He sees the crying need for readjustment in all these relations and he has stated the issues and his sol- utions of them with the fearlessness of a prophet and with a magical beauty of language. In our opinion it is the most important work that has appeared since the publication of Nietzsche's " Zarathustra $2.00. STUDIES I CLASSIC IBEEICM LITEBATUEE Contains long essays on Walt Whitman and Hawthorne and studies of Herman Mel- ville, Benjamin Franklin, Richard Henry Dana and other American writers. It is interesting to note that Lawrence rediscovered Herman Melville long before the boom in South Sea Travel books made Melville a writer of contemporary popularity. $3,50. THOMAS SELTZER - Publisher - SW. 50 th St. - NEW YORK 163 STAVROGIN’S CONFESSION Three unpublished chapters from the novel DEMONS, THE POSSESSED. INTRODUCTORY NOTE On November 12, 1921, a tin box with Dostoyevsky's papers was opened in the building of the Central Archives in Moscow. It contained among other mate - rial of great interest, a scrap-book with fifteen proof sheets pasted in, which bore on the first page these lines, written in the hand of the novelist's widow : "In this note-book are several chapters (in proof) from The Possessed, which were not included by Dostoyevsky in the novel, when it was running in Russki Vestnik. " As a matter of fact, there are three sub-chapters entitled " Part 11, chapter I. At Tiknon's, " which form the complete episode of Stavrogin's confession of his crime. Nikolai Vsevolodovich Stavrogin is the enigmatic figure around which the complex action of The Possessed moves. This rich, handsome, young aristocrat is a man unable to find any absolute value and in the end undone by the void which he tries to escape by many roads, including that of sensuality. As a fan - tastic experiment to which he is impelled by an obscure spiritual perversity, he nominally marries Lebyadkina, a crippled idiot. Shatov and Kirillov, men - tioned in this text, were for a time Stavrogin's fanatic disciples, to whom he simultaneously taught two mutually contradictory faiths, presumably in the vain hope of being infected by their ardor. Father Tikhon, whom Stavrogin selects as his confessor, was first conceived by Dostoyevsky as one of the main characters of an unwritten novel which he was planning in 1869-70 and of which only the outline is extant. In The Possessed Tikhon plays but an incidental part. These newly discovered chapters somewhat clarify the plot of the novel from which they were withheld. They might be considered an expansion of cer - tain passages in The Possessed which allude to the crime described in the confes - sion. Thus we find Shatov passionately questioning Nikolai Vsyevolodovich : " Is it true that when you were in Petersburg you belonged to a secret society for practising beastly sensuality ? Is it true that you could give lessons to the Marquis de Sade ? Is it true that you decoyed and corrupted children ? " Why were these chapters omitted from the novel ? Madame Dostoyevsky is silent on the subject. The Russian commentator on the text confesses ignorance. The explanation of why they were not included in the work as serially published, would seem to be contained in a letter written to Tolstoy by N. N. Strakhov in 1883, but published thirty years later. The latter was an intimate of Dostoyevsky and forty years ago wrote a biography of his friend 164 which holds most of what we know concerning the novelist's life. Strakhov writes: " One scene from The Possessed (rape, etc.) Katkov [editor of the magazine in which the novel was published in 1871-72] refused to print, but Dostoyevsky read it here to many. " The reference is obviously to the chapters which follow below. Rumor has laid the crime which Stavrogin committed at Dostoyevsky's own door. Without attempting to establish the validity of this accusation, I may mention that the rumor is substantiated by no less an authority than Strakhov himself. The translator has deliberately avoided polishing the style of the narrative, which is sometimes careless and practically always colloquial. A. Y. I. That night Nikolai Vsevolodovich (Stavrogin) did not sleep, and he spent the whole of it sitting on a divan, often staring hard at one point in the corner by the chest of drawers. A lamp was burning in his room all night. About seven o'clock in the morning, he fell asleep in a sitting posture, and when, according to long established custom, Alexey Yegorovich entered the room at nine-thirty sharp, with the morning cup of coffee and woke him up by his appearance, he opened his eyes, seeming disagreeably surprised by the length of his sleep and the lateness of the hour. He drank his coffee quickly, dressed hastily, and hur - riedly left the house. To Alexey Yegor ovich's cautious query as to whether there were any orders, he made no reply. Once in the street, he walked looking at the ground in deep thought, only at moments lifting his head and betraying a vague yet intense agitation. At one corner, while he was still near home, a crowd of peasants, some fifty men or more, crossed his path; they walked with dignity, almost silently, in ordered rows. At a small shop where he was forced to wait a while, someone said that these were the "Shpigulin workmen ". He hardly paid any attention to them. Finally, at about half-past ten, he reached the gates of our "Bogorodsk Monastery, at the outskirts of the city, by the river. It was only here that he seemed to recall something alarming and troublesome, stopped, thrust his hand into his side-pocket, and grinned. Once past the gates, he inquired of the first servant who came along how to find the arch-priest, Tikhon, who was living in retirement at the monastery. The servant bowed repeatedly and led the way. At the foot of the steps, at the end of the long two-story monastery building, a stout, grizzled monk encountered them, and with dictator - ial speed carried off Stavrogin under the eyes of the servant. He led him through a long, narrow corridor, bowing perpetually (although, because of his stoutness, he could not make a low bow, but simply jerked his head frequently and abruptly) . and continually inviting him to follow, in spite of the fact that Nikolai Vsevolo- 165 dovich followed him anyhow. The monk kept on asking questions and talking about Father Archimandrite, but getting no response, he became more and more deferential. Stavrogin noticed that he was known here, although as far as he could recall he had never visited the place since his childhood. When they reached the door at the very end of the corridor, the monk opened it with an author - itative gesture, familiarly inquired of the lay brother who sprang up at their appearance, whether they could come in, and without waiting for his answer threw the door wide open and bowing, let in the " dear " visitor. Upon receiving Sta - vrogin's thanks, he vanished precipitately as though he fled. Nikolai Vsevolodovich entered a rather small room, and there appeared almost simultaneously in the doorway of the adjoining room a tall, rather lean man, about fifty-five years old, in a plain house dress which is usually worn under the cassock, looking sickly, with a vague smile and a strange, somewhat shy glance. This was Tikhon, of whom Nikolai Vsevolodovich had first heard froom Shatov, and about whom he himself had in the meantime collected some information by the way. The information was varied and contradictory. But one fact stood out, that both the people who loved him and those who did not (and such there were) spoke of him with a certain reticence: those who disliked him, perhaps out of contempt, and his adherents — because of a sense of discretion, as though they wished to hide a weakness of his, possibly something like a saintly folly. Niko - lai Vsevolodovich had learned that Tikhon had been living in the monastery for six years and that he was visited by people both from the lowest and the highest classes of society, that even in distant Petersburg he had the most ardent admirers, chiefly women. From one of our respected old men, a man about town who was yet devout, he heard that" this Tikhon is practically insane, and no doubt drinks. Anticipating upon the course of events, let me add for my own part that this is sheer nonsense, and that if Tikhon suffers from anything it is from a rheumatic pain in his feet which is of long standing, and at times from obscure nervous con - vulsions. Nikolai Vsevolodovich also discovered that, whether because of weakness of character or an unpardonable absent-mindedness inappropriate to his rank, the retired archpriest failed to command respect in the monastery. It was said that Father Archimandrite, an austere monk, rigid in the performance of his tasks as Father Superior, and furthermore, known for his learning, cher - ished an animosity against Tikhon, condemning him, not to his face but indirectly, for careless living and all but heresy. The attitude of the monks toward the in - valid prelate was also not exactly one of neglect, but rather one of easy familiarity. The two rooms which formed Tikhon's cell were oddly furnished. Beside awkward, old-fashioned furniture upholstered in worn leather, there were two or three fine pieces : a luxurious, restful armchair, a large desk of excellent make, an exquisitely carved book-case, little tables, what-nots; all, of course, gifts 166 There was a costly Bokhara rug, and mats alongside it. There were etchings of lay and mythological subjects, and in the corner a large icon-case as well, with icons set in gleaming gold and silver, one of them an ancient piece containing relics. The library too, it was said, was of an all too varied and contradictory description : beside the works of the great saints and Fathers of the Church, there were " theatrical compositions and novels and maybe something much worse." After the first greetings, uttered for some reason with obvious mutual embarrassment in hasty and indistinct syllables, Tikhon led the visitor to his study, and with the same apparent haste seated him on a divan before a table, while he himself took a seat nearby in a willow armchair. Here, surprisingly enough, Nikolai Vsevolodovich completely lost himself. It seemed as if he were making a violent effort to bring himself to do something extraordinary and irrefutable, and yet almost impossible of execution. For a few moments he let his eyes wander over the room, obviously not noticing what he saw : he grew thoughtful, but perhaps he did not know what he was thinking about. The silence woke him up, and suddenly it seemed to him that Tikhon was dropping his eyes bashfully and with an altogether unnecessary smile. This momentarily aroused in him disgust and rebellion; he wanted to rise and go ; in his opinion Tikhon was decidedly drunk, but the latter suddenly lifted his eyes and looked at him with a glance so firm and full of thought and, at the same time, expressing something so unexpected and enigmatic that Stavrogin almost started. And now he had an altogether different suspicion : that Tikhon already knew why he had come, that he had already been informed (although no one in the world could have known the reason) and if he did not speak first, it was because he spared him, fearing his humiliation. "Do you know me ?" he asked abruptly. " Did I introduce myself when I came in ? Excuse me, I am so absent-minded. . . " " You did not introduce yourself, but I had the pleasure of seeing you once, some four years ago, here in the monastery. . . by chance. " Tikhon spoke in a slow, soft, even voice, pronouncing the words clearly and distinctly. " I wasn't at the monastery four years ago ", retorted Nikolai Vsevolodovich with unnecessary rudeness. " I was here only as a child, before you had come at all. " " Perhaps you have forgotten, " observed Tikhon cautiously and without insistence. "No, I haven't forgotten. It would be ridiculous if I had " insisted Sta - vrogin on his part, with excessive emphasis. " Maybe you have only heard about me and formed an opinion about me, and then you imagined that you had seen me yourself. " 167 Tikhon did not answer. It was only then that Stavrogin noticed that Tikhon's features were nervously convulsed from time to time, a symptom of a nervous disorder of long standing. " I only see that you are not well today, and perhaps it would be better if I went away. " He even made a motion as if to rise. " Yes, I have been having severe pains in my legs, and I slept little last night/' Tikhon stopped. His guest suddenly fell into a state of vague thoughtful - ness. The silence lasted a long time, some two minutes. " Were you watching me ? " he asked suddenly, alarmed and suspicious. " I was looking at you, and I remembered the features of your mother. In spite of external unlikeness, there is much internal, spiritual similarity. " "No similarity, particularly spiritual. No similarity whatever " said Ni - kolai Vsevolodovich, needlessly alarmed and with an over emphasis for which he could not account to himself. " You're saying this just like that. . . out of pity for my situation, "he suddenly blurted out. " Bah ! Does my mother come to you ? " " She does. " " Didn't know it. Never heard about it from her. Often ?" " Almost every month, and oftener. " " Never, never heard about it. Didn't hear about it."He seemed to be ter - ribly alarmed by this fact. " And of course she told you that lam insane. " He blurted out again. " No, not just that. Still, I heard that opinion expressed, but by others. " "You must have a good memory if you remember such trifles. And did you hear about the slap ?. " " I heard something. " " You mean everything. You have plenty of time to listen. And about the duel ? " " About the duel, too . " " You don't need newspapers here. Did Shatov warn you about me?" " No; however, I know Mr. Shatov, but I haven't seen him for a long time. " " H'm ! What's that map over there ? Bah ! it's a map of the last war. What good does that do you ? " " I used the map for this text. A most interesting description. " " Show me ; yes, fairly good style. However, isn't this curious stuff for you to be reading ? " He drew the volume toward him and glanced at it. It was an ample and skilful exposition of the circumstances of the late war, presented rather from the purely literary than from the military angle. He turned it about and then with • a swift, impatient movement threw it aside. 168 " I certainly don't know why I have come here, " he said with disgust, looking straight into Tikhon's eyes as though expecting an answer. " You too seem to be somewhat unwell. " " Yes, perhaps. " And suddenly, yet in such brief and fragmentary words as to be somewhat obscure, he began telling about how he was afflicted, especially at night, by cer - tain strange hallucinations; that he sometimes saw or felt close beside him an evil creature, derisive and rational, " with different faces and different characters, and yet always the same, and I am always enraged. "... These disclosures were fantastic and incoherent, and really seemed to come from a mentally deranged person. And yet Nikolai Vsevolodovich spoke with such a strange, unprecedented frankness, with a simplicity of mind so entirely foreign to him that, it seemed, his former self had completely and suddenly disappeared. He was not at all ashamed to show the fear with which the apparition inspired him. But this open mood was momentary, and vanished as quickly as it came. " It's all nonsense, " he caught himself up swiftly and with awkward self - scorn. " I shall go to a physician. " " No doubt you will, " Tikhon confirmed him. "You speak so confidently. . . Have you known people who had visions like mine ? " " Yes, but very rarely. I remember only one case, an army officer, bereft of his spouse, his beloved helpmate. Another case I know only by hearsay. Both men went abroad for treatment. . . And how long have you been suffering ? " " About a year, but all this is nonsense. I shall go to see a doctor. It's all nonsense, frightful nonsense. It's my own self in various forms, nothing else. As I added this last sentence just now you certainly thought that I still doubt whether it's myself or whether it's not really the devil. " Tikhon looked at him interrogatively. " And .. . and do you really see him ? " he asked. " That is, putting aside all doubt of it's being no more than a clearly false and morbid hallucination, do you really see a definite form ? " "It is strange that you persist in asking me when I told you plainly that I do. " Again Stavrogin got more and more irritable with each word, " Of course I see him. I see him just as plainly as I see you, and sometimes I see him and lam not certain that I see him, although Ido see him. . . And sometimes I do not know who is real, he or I. . . It's all nonsense. And you, can't you imag - ine that it is really the devil ? " he added, laughing'and passing abruptly into a derisive tone. "It would be more in keeping with your calling, " i&amp;j. " It's more likely to be a disease, although. . , " " Although what ? 169 " Devils no doubt exist, but opinions about them differ widely. " " Just now you dropped your eyes again, " said Stavrogin with irritable derision. " Because you were ashamed for me, since, while I believe in the devil, pretending I don't, I am slyly putting a question to you : does he really exist, or not ? " Tikhon smiled vaguely. Well then, let me tell you plainly that I am not at all ashamed, and to make up for my rudeness I shall say simply and frankly : I believe in the devil, I believe canonically, in a personal devil, not in an allegory, and I do not have to pump anybody. That's all. " He gave a nervous, unnatural laugh. Tikhon looked at him curiously, but with a timid and withal gentle glance. "Do you believe in God ? " Nikolai Vsevolodovich blurted out. a I do believe. " " It is said, isn't it, that if ye have faith and say unto a mountain to remove itself hence, it would do so. . . However, pardon this nonsense. Still, lam curious to know : can you remove the mountain or can't you ? " "If God commands, I shall remove it, " said Tikhon in a low restrained voice, dropping his eyes again. " Well, but that's the same as if God Himself removed it. " No, you — you — will you be able to do it, as a reward for your faith in God ?" " Perhaps I will not. " Perhaps ' ! That's not bad. Are you still a doubter ? " " I doubt, because my faith is imperfect. " " What! You too have imperfect faith ? " "Yes. . . Perhaps my faith is imperfect, " answered Tikhon. " Well, I wouldn't suppose it, to look at you. " Suddenly he looked him up and down with altogether naive surprise, which did not at all harmonize with the derisive tone of the foregoing question. " Still, you believe that, say with God's help, you can remove it, and that's no small matter. At least you wish to believe. And you take the mountain literally. Good principle. I have noticed that the more advanced of our In - vites are strongly inclined toward I v utheranism. This is more than the " tres peu " of one arch-bishop who was, true enough, at the sword's point. And of course you are a Christian too. " Stavrogin spoke rapidly, his fluent words now serious, now derisive. " Thy cross, oh I,ord, let me not spurn, " Tikhon muttered in a strange, passionate whisper, bowing his head low. " Is it possible to believe in the devil without believing in God ? " Stavro - gin laughed, 170 " That's easily possible. It's done right and left. " Tikhon lifted his eyes and smiled. " And I am sure that you find such a faith more respectable than complete lack of faith. .. " Stavrogin burst out laughing. " On the contrary, complete atheism is more to be respected than easy in - difference, " answered Tikhon, with visible gaiety and simplicity of mind. " Aha ! so that's what yon think " The complete atheist stands on the penultimate step to most perfect faith, no matter whether he mounts the step or not, but the indifferent person has no faith whatever except a bad fear, and that but rarely, and only if he is sensitive. " " H'm. . . Have you read the Apocalypse ?" " Yes. " " Do you remember : ' And imto the Angel of the Church of the Laodiceans write " I remember. " " Where is the book ? " Stavrogin grew strangely excited and alarmed, his eyes wandering over the table in search of the Bible, —"I want to read you. . .&lt; Do you have a Russian translation ? " " I know the passage. I remember it, " said Tikhon. "Do you know it by heart ? Say it. . . " He dropped his eyes quickly, leaned his wrists upon his knees, and impatiently prepared to listen. Tikhon began reciting, recalling word after word : ' And unto the Angel of the Church of the write. These things saith the Amen, the faithful and true Witness, the beginning of the creation of God : I know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot: I would thou wert cold or hot. So then because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spew thee out of my mouth. Because thou say est, lam rich and increased with goods and have need of nothing; and knowest not that thou art wretched, and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked. . . ' " " Enough ! " interrupted Stavrogin. " You know, I love you very much. " And I love you, " replied Tikhon in a low voice. Stavrogin grew silent, and again fell to musing. This occurred fitfully, now for the third time. He was almost in this state when he said to Tikhon, I love you', at least his words surprised himself. More than a minute passed. " Do not be angry, " whispered Tikhon, touching Stavrogin's elbow lightly with his finger and appearing to grow timid himself. The latter started and frowned fiercely. " How did you know that I was angry ? " he said rapidly. Tikhon wanted to say something but Stavrogin, sud - denly overcome with inexplicable agitation, interrupted him: 171 " Why did you suppose that I must be angry? Yes, I was. You're right. And precisely because I told you I loved you. You're right. But you are a coarse cynic, you have a low opinion of human nature. There might have been no anger if it had been anyone but me. However, we're not dealing with anyone else, but with me. And still you are an odd fellow and a saintly fool. .. " He grew more and more irritable and Strangely enough, he did not choose his words : "Listen, I don't like spies and psychologists, at least such as pry into my soul. I don't invite anybody to see my soul. Ido not need anybody. I can get along alone. You think I'm afraid of you." He raised his voice and threw his head back defiantly. "You are fully convinced that I have come to disclose a ' terrible ' secret to you. And you are waiting for it with all the monkish curiosity of which you are capable. Well, then, let me tell you that I will disclose nothing, no secret whatever, because I can very well get along without you. . . " Tikhon looked at him firmly : "You were struck by the fact that the Lamb loves the cold ones better than the lukewarm ones, " he said. "You do not want to be merely lukewarm. I ligve a foreboding that an extraordinary, perhaps fearful intention is taking hold of you. I implore you, do not torment yourself and tell everything. " " And you were certain that I had come with a story ." • "I. . . guessed it, " whispered Tikhon, dropping his eyes. Nikolai Vsevolodovich was somewhat pale. His hands trembled slightly. For several moments he stared, motionless and silent, as if coming to a final decision. At length he produced several printed sheets from the side pocket of his jacket and put them on the table. " Here is the pamphlet designed for circulation, " he said in a breaking voice. " If one man reads it, then you may be sure that I will not conceal it, and all will read it. That's the decision. And I do not need you at all, because I have made up my mind. But read. . . Don't say anything while you're reading it. Tell me everything when you are through. " " Shall I read it ? " asked Tikhon, hesitatingly. " Read ; I am composed. " " No, I can't make it out without my spectacles, the print is small, foreign. " " Here are the spectacles. " Stavrogin took them up from the table, handed them to Tikhon and leaned against the back of the divan. Tikhon did not look at him and lost himself in the reading. Feodor Dostoyevsky (Translated from the Russian by Avrahm Yarmolinsky) (To be continued.) 172 SINBAD Hour after hour I have walked in the rain . . . Dark hallway after hallway sheltered lovers arm in arm . . . Knots of men stood in bright saloon-lit doors . . . Silhouettes in pantomine undressed upon the window-shades . . The city is a patient silence waiting to be born ... A grey stage filled with shadows of dancers too tired to move . ~ Even my own shadow lags at my heels . . . I will rest his head on my shoulders trailing his legs over my arm and croon him to sleep . . . John Crawford Henri Matisse Drawing 174 A CHAMPION IN THE WILDERNESS When The Soil, a radical magazine of art, first pricked through the cement crust of New York City, in December, 1916, there were perhaps a dozen friends who were enough interested to remain on hand and to see that the brash young greenling was not at once flattened under foot. The official bally-hooing that was being blared forth to suck the American public into the sideshow of war had, even at that time, produced a far greater than normal indifference to the subject of a national art. Consequently, the editors of The Soil whose evangeli - cal purpose was to fire the national consciousness with the creed of good taste, were obliged to speak at highest pitch to make themselves heard at all. And they were heard. Five thousand copies of one issue of this twenty - five cent art magazine were sold or subscribed to, and requests for copies eatne from all parts of Europe, South America, and the Orient. But one art critic only came down from his platform to extend both hands ardently to The Soil. This was Henry Mcßride of the N. Y. Sun, an honest friend of youth. His words are memorable : " I regard the advent of The Soil as an answer to prayer. .. . right here in our midst —to be exact, at the juncture of Forty-second street and Fifth Avenue — a great light appears. I love the new publication from start to finish. I wouldn't have a thing in it altered. I consider it the most perfect art journal ever seen. . . .For one thing it is ours. It is American. It's in line. It's Whitmanic. It's for the open road, and the free-for-all, the pure air, and the hot scuffle. Something will come out of The Soil, mark my words. .. . My only fear is that it begins too well. To keep up such a pace, or even to produce a second number equally good, would be a miracle. But to the young, God bless them, miracles come easy. " The miracle was repeated four times. Then the funds gave out and there was no more miracle. The Soil was the personal creation of one man, Robert J. Coady. He died on the 6th of January, 192 1. He gave all his strength to launch The Soil at the historical period most adverse to such an event, and he never recovered enough strength to begin again. An almost fatal illness reduced his slender store of physical resource. He tried to regain his feet at the count of nine, but his punch was gone. The book of The Soil was closed and on its cover was engraved that phrase of Bert Williams whose art Bob Coady loved " Never mo. " Because Bob Coady is dead there is nothing to be hoped for of just the unique spirit that made The Soil so brilliantly provocative of new art forms and of controversial opinions about them. The Soil was first cousin to the free- 175 verse movement in America which crystallized in Alfred Kreyinborg's group of Others. That was a magic moment. No one who was touched by the kindling breath will ever forget the joy of it nor cease to regret that a great fiery wind devoured it. It will be worth while some day to review that frail but vital page in American literary history. It is especially important now when we are close to the event of Coady's death to examine his message in order that we may take up those threads laid down by him that may seem worth weaving into the muddled aesthetic pattern of our national art. Coady preached all his later years a simple passionate empiricism as the ba - sis of an indigenous culture. The soil out of which an American art must grow is not homogeneous, it is a compost of vegetation discarded by various racial types as they strip for the febrile competitive struggle for a livelihood. In Coady's vigorous and inimitable language: "An Englishman invented the Bessemer process and we built our sky-scraper. A Dane married a Spanish - African, and Bert Williams sings, 'Nobody'. We've dug into the soil and developed the Steam Shovel. We play and we box .. . Our art is, as yet, outside our art world. It's in the spirit of the Panama Canal. It's in the East River and the Battery. It's in Pittsburg and Diiluth. It's coming from the ball-field, the sta - dium, and the ring. Already we've made our beginnings, scattered here and there, but beginnings with enormous possibilities. Where they will lead, who knows ? Today is the day of moving pictures, it is also the day of moving sculpture ..." By " moving sculpture" he meant such mechanical wonders as the Sellers Ten Ton Swinging Jib Crane, locomotive No. 4000, the Industrial Works' 120 Ton Crane, the Chambersburg Hammer, and the Erie Hammer. All of these were illustrated in the January, 1917, number of The Soil. Out of the competitive struggle directed by a centralized capitalism, which is one of the principal contributions made by America to economic history, there have emerged an amazing variety of mechanical forms, all useful, some beautiful in themselves, others suggestive of a by-product of real aesthetic impor - tance to the detached mind of so modern a thinker as Coady. To his trained perceptions these great machines have the same relation to the national con - sciousness as the pantheon of gods had to the mind of the Athenian of the Golden Age of Greece ; that is, they have been dreamed, planned, and constructed to express and to augment the greatness of a people. The Chambersburg double-frame steam hammer represents in its operation the welded power of thousands of workmen, and it follows that the design by which this miracle is achieved should be admirable for something more than its utility. It becomes one of the symbols of a national spirit that flourishes in a soil capable of nourishing the world. 176 The inceptive dream announced by the founders of the United States, of giving refuge and opportunity to the oppressed dreamers and irreconcilables of the older countries has undergone a metabolic change. The will to conquer and utilize the vast natural resources of the land engulfs in its possessive maw all that comes its way of human material capable of moving mountains or put - ting rivers on leash. The dreamers of Europe, the persecuted, the misunder - stood and impoverished, find themselves shanghaied as fast as they arrive and carried away to work in factories and mines where the steam hammers and other gigantic inventions are produced. Produced by this chain of social-economic phenomena, vitalized by the as - similated hordes of immigrants, these colossal mechanical forms, Coady believed, must, whether obvious or not to the academicians, be looked to as the most representative material for our national art.• The giant locomotive, before which all normal Americans bow in respect, has been perfectly designed not only to puff triumphantly up the heaviest grades of the Rockies but to reveal as well a degree of symetry of mass and grace of line that should fertilize the receptive mind of the artist. " Taste, " said Coady in The Soil, " would alter the Steam Hammer. It would change a handle here or a bolt there, it would straighten this line or curve that, it would vary textures and show a delight in the meeting of planes — and if it equalled the creative construction of the hammer we would have a mighty art. " The artists of America, according to the gospel of Coady, have no reason to mourn the desolation of Parnassus nor the ruined fanes of the gods on Olympus when they, the artists, have the steam hammer, the traveling crane, and the mo - gul of the rail. Thus the dilettante and the " ism " -atic suffered harsh shocks when they curiously opened the fresh pages of The Soil and saw reproduced as prototypes of the new American art these photographs of the mechanical triumphs of American genius. There were other shocks for these favored gentlemen. There was the ar - ticle by Charlie Chaplin on comedy (outraged cries from the devotees of Meredith !); the interview with Bert Williams in which he traces the genesis of his inimitable characterizations of the shiftless negro ; the notes on the art of window dressing, and prestidigitation ; the Nick Carter serial; and the panegyrics on the beau - ties to be seen on the ball field and in the prize ring. i To grasp the meaning of these angular intrusions into the sacrosanct book of art, we have to question the mind of Bob Coady where it still lives in the me - mories of those who understood him. And the answer is, that it was to the play - spirit, the humor and sport of the American people, rather than to the attenuated and diluted imitations of continental schools of art, that he looked for the sug- 177 gestive cultural factors that await the developing hand of the artist. Directly related to the wonders of our industrial life is the obverse and lighter side supplied by our recreative Held, the games and amusements created by the skilled athletes and humorists who, challenged by the grim, grooved, work-a-day back-ground of toil, burst forth in grace of movement and fertility of inimitable invention. Bob Coady knew intimately the amusement side of his New York ; he read the cartoons and sporting pages of the yellow sheets ; he prowled about lower Third Avenue, preferring the serials and slapstick comedies of the smelly little Ivast vSide movie theatres to the pretentious musical and feature programs of the amusement places of Broadway ; he was a devotee of the old Chinese theatre on Doyer street, and spoke with bitter regret of its passing; he delighted in the live Seurats and L,autrecs which he found in the smoky galleries of the burlesque houses on 14th street; he rediscovered the Comedie Humaine amongst the em - ployees and patrons of MacCanns restaurant on Myrtle Avenue, Brooklyn ; he sought the glory that was Greece on the Polo grounds, and in Madison Square Garden on fight nights ; and in the playful colorings of his classes of negro children he found the crude beginnings of a more representative art than was ever hung in the National Academy. In short, he saw hope of the rudiments of a truly American art only in the grim earnestness of industry and the childlike earnest - ness of sport and humor, and he aggressively refused to compromise the principles of his taste by liking anything that was not spontaneously true to the native spirit of America. His mind was too well balanced for him to indulge in excessive judgments, he did not credit the work of the cartoonists, sport-writers, and athletes, with the achievement of any permanent value. With a true sense of proportion he saw these men as scooping the raw material of art out of the soil, and his keen eyes noted in the shapeless handfuls the gleams of pure gold. How cordially he would have praised the partnership of John Alden Carpenter and Adolph Bohm in creating the Krazy Kat ballet. It is a perfect answer to his message. He was struck by no irrelevancy in asking Charles Chaplin to dignify the first number of The Soil with an article in which he explained the sources of his ait. Lor had not Chaplin been developed as world artist in the mechanics of the latest American invention, the moving picture ? Does not window-dressing represent a fineness of taste that is responsive to the competitive conditions of American salesmanship ? An example of the work of Mr. Gilbert McGowan, an artist in this line, was shown in one number of The Soil and beneath the illustration was appended a statement of the artist's principles. On the opposite page to this exhibit which, in Mr. McGowan's words was intended ".to attract attention to the fact that a hat can be made to feel as light as a feather, " (surely a problem that relates to art) there was shown in 178 damning contrast a particularly muddy abstraction by a young modern painter with an even muddier explanation of the artist's intentions beneath. This delightfully effective use of contrast was Coady's favorite weapon for fighting the abstract, the derivative, and the spineless in American art. Read - ers who could not agree with him found humor in his original and pugnacious manner of illustrating his thesis. There was a good laugh as well as an impor - tant point in his juxtaposition of cuts of the Maine monument (which fronts Co - lumbus Circle in New York) and the massive Chambersburg double-frame steam hammer, with below a line running across both pages, " Which is the monu - ment ? " On another page appeared a messy confusion of what looked like hen-tracks which was signed, "New York by So-and-So" (a well-known, at that time, modern painter). On the reverse side of the page was a newspaper photograph taken from the Woolworth tower in which the hard lines of the build - ings converged toward the earth in an amazing effect of motion, signed " New York by Brown brothers. " His commentary on the school of " cosmic synchromy " was an illustration of an example by the founder of the school to which was attached a vague and labored footnote, while facing it was a photograph of an egg, placed and lighted with consummate taste, with a title reading, " Invention — Nativity, by A, Chicken, ' Cluck, Cluck ', A. Chicken ". More words might have been used in just derision without even approximating the destructive effect of this deadly parallel. As for the Nick Carter novel which began running in the first number of The Soil, Coady granted that conventional literary opinion might pick flaws in the style of these hastily written commercial products, but he stoutly contended in a foreword to the serial that as an example of straight and swift narration the dime novel has not been surpassed. And further, that in variety of types taken from the streets, all crisply characterized in the mini - mum of words, these stories were an unique contribution to American fiction. There were those to whom Coady was merely an eccentric who pawed in and picked from the litter of rubbish discarded by conservative critics and foist - ed these examples solely to annoy and defy the academic mind and to win the applause of the untutored crowd. Coady made mistakes in judgment, and he quite often committed an injustice, but always his aim was.to attract attention to the power and beauty that distinguished the crude cultural products rooted from American soil and given in a more or less raw state to the masses who devour the newspapers and throng the burlesque houses and the Polo Grounds. St. Paul took the orthodox Jewish church to task for overlooking the spiritual fact that the kingdom of heaven is within the individual bosom. Coady was moved to a like impatience. He met few in his life who thanked him for pointing out the patent truth that the beauty sought for by the artist resides in the near 179 and familiar facts of human life, and that art is a natural function which operates when the individual is charged to bursting with an enthusiasm for living. By acting on these principles the comic cartoonist becomes the most success - ful graphic artist of the day. He picks out the prevailing characteristics of the average man, his naive innocence of culture and his good-natured passivity to circumstances, and adding a touch and a twist of exaggeration the artist gives back to the average man the privilege of laughing at himself while thinking, if he has to make peace with his vanity, that it is his neighbor whom the drawing resembles. Thus come forth the troop of figures, the Abe Kabibbles, the Pas and Mas, the Jiggs, from whom students of manners and men of uture generations will learn vastly more than from the works of our academies. " Who has seen the Battery ? Who ? " " Ingres ? Poussin ? Lorraine ? Oh, no, these are the days of cosmicalities. " " Why no photos of tugs ? Why ?" " Exhibition of one hundred Claude Lorraines. East River. Every morning. " These and other snappy footnotes shot out from blank spaces of The Soil, so placed and phrased that they hit the mind with the sting of a left jab or a right hook. Every New Yorker, transient as well as rooted, knows the blazing win - dow displays of the Monroe clothing shops at Broadway and 42nd street. How many of these millions knew until Coady told them in The Soil that. " Here is an exhibition of pictures hung in ' visible order' inj:he midst of a real ' Battle of Lights'. The. simplicity of the commonplace means and the direct and positive results obtained make one think that Dauinier would have done it in about the same way and that our modern geniuses could learn a lot from this remarkable example of common sense.'' As an art critic Bob Coady was a rare example of the successful lighter, the boxer-slugger. He loved to give punishment and he was ready to take it if thereby he could land the damaging punch. He fought for the love of fighting, and he hit for love of hitting. And he sometimes hit the wrong person, and at other times he hit too hard. He was a good hater because he was a great lover of the truth. He was what is known by the timid, the incurious, and the smug, as an extremist. But what it costs in nerve and brain and blood to take a post out of hailing distance of most of one's fellows, to lift there a banner and to wait for the wind to fling it out, no one can know who hugs his fireplace and makes but a phantom dissent to the opinion of those in collective authority. Bob Coady was never knocked out. He dropped h\ the ring, exhausted by his dauntless assaults upon his inert and massive foe. Who daresjput on the shoes and gloves of this dead champion and take his fighting place in the wilder - ness of age ? Robert Alden Sanborn 180 SILENCE In the vast magnolia of silence the spirit swoons like a bee, weary of urging its wings through the day : until the flower shatters upon its slender stem, leaf following leaf unto the rumorous earth. THE CARNIVAL And on the morrow of the carnival, when the fine coloured silks, the subtle hose lie flaccid on the floor, and the broken mask is tossed away, with the withered roses : melancholy ! ugh ! melancholy ! So too the mask of youth we wore on shining morns falls from our faces when the music stops and the dancing ends. We see ourselves within the glass without a mask : the carnival is ended. 181 IN HOSPITAL Since tonight I must die why do they keep the window open, so that the April air flows in from the mountains, and why do they place by my bed this vase of spring violets ? POOR DEVILS O lovers what is the best you find in love, when your eyes are wide with joy and your breath beats irregularly like those near to death ? What is the best life's highest hour can give ? Oblivion, a moment's oblivion. Edward Storer 182 AT THE ANTIPODES OF UNITY CHAPTER I. Of the Itinerary to the Latitudes of the Sky. After having weighed anchor, we left Earth to enter that ocean of solar light which is our respirable atmosphere. Having reached its extreme limits we were embroiled in the rapids of the ozone region. We were going so fast that we could not estimate our speed, and we seemed to be standing still. The Earth was not visible in our wake, and ahead of us the stars no longer existed. Finally we made the great dive through empty space, splashed all about with star-foam. We tacked before the Great Bear for seven centuries by the clock, passing often under black rainbows ; then, having doubled Cape Orion, we pointed straight for the South which is the North of the Sky. We fished for strange interstellar beings which made us gasp with aston - ishment, but their exquisite flesh regaled us and was a welcome addition to the or - dinary food of the crew. Everybody was in good spirits and excellent health. Following the example of our men, I shook off the lethargy which had gripped me at the unexpected success of our departure. I gave orders to hoist our. great golden flag with its arms of Human Passion, and looked out of a porthole. Here is what I saw when my spirit emerged from the goose-flesh covering it. CHAPTER II. Of the Eel ; and of the Sponge which is the bottom of the Sky. Behind the Milky Way, there is an eel, or a kind of serpent of the Sky. He feeds on the suns which abound in the mud of the depths. His eye is like the four-leaf clover of space, and at the end of his tail, like rattles, worlds in erup - tion mark the time. From each of the scales he sheds there falls a comet. And the digestion of this being is Light. He is caught, like an earthworm in a root, in the base of a sponge which he gnaws and which almost entirely hides him. Each pore of this sponge breathes and moans like a human gestation. This sponge is Sponge of Darkness, Tuft of Tongues, Organ of Origins. As a brain in a skull, it molds itself in the first form. It is the simplest, the most elementary specimen of a family of inverted, unqualifiable and inadmissable creatures dwelling at the Antipodes of Unity. 183 CHAPTER III. Of Musical Instruments. Every morning a transparent membrane spreads over the bottom of the sky. Whenever an eyelid opens, a bud of an anemone's flesh unfolds, a grain of sand or a sun opens to life, a fly, a human being, an animal or a plant quivers, or any force begins its career — this ultra-sensitive membrane vibrates, receives the sound, repeats it, and amplifies it with a tremendous detonation. At once the Mountain of the Waters which occupies all the East of space collapses and flows over the Mountain of Salt which is in the W T est. Circulation is estab - lished, a seething roaring cyclonc of sounds which go from deep bass to shrill soprano and descend again through dizzy chromatics to bass. At first, nothing can be distinguished ; then one is dazzled by strange reflections, by flashes, by glaring light. Shadows pass before your tired eyes ; darting quickly like fish in water, they " tone to white/' Elementary forms take shape, square, oval, circle. They rise to the surface and burst like bubbles. Now the}' all frisk about with the movements of fins ; the square lengthens, the oval takes the form of a spoon, the circle becomes a star, mouths, lips, throats ; all leap into space with a loud cry ; they hasten together from all directions, form into a group, a heap, stretch out in the form of the preposterous tongue of a mastodon. This tongue springs, labors, makes unheard of efforts, stutters. It speaks. Then a great wind springs up which dissolves it, ravels it like a cloud, and one sees fall from it violincellos, harps, trumpets, drums, immutable flowers which take root in each Sphere and which every conscious being longs to gather in order to try to re-create the Norm. CHAPTER IV. Of the great joy of the Stars. In the axis of the mid-day the entrance to a grotto opens and arrests you like the sight of a blue butter-cup ; within, the meticulous progression of the planets can be seen. Nothing is so simple, grand, calm, serene, and there is nothing that induces so great a feeling of happiness. A phonograph disc that turns without any mechanism. Chinese music. Up there, in Thibet, the rude gong of con - templation, the crystal shows the Ring of Venus as the neck of a black giraffe, a speckled Jupiter, the jungle of Mars, and the Earth as immutable as platinum. In these prairies # the act of breathing is a Horse at liberty. 184 CHAPTER V. Of Honey In the river of Time which flows in Space, lazy trout can be seen under the thick grasses. The waters are clear and transparent. At the bottom, in between the ultra-violet and infra-red of the refracted light foam the precious odo - magnetic stones of which aerolites are composed. The metals, the rocks, and the roots, the grasses and all the leaves are luxuriant in the extreme. The vege - tation is daring. Today in this little valley, while flying over the headwaters of the stream, I hunted with cannon-shot for the huge hybrid butterfly of the Sum - mit-of-the-Hours that has isochronous wings of which one is morning, and the other evening. Our little harpooned bullets could get no grip on his diaphanous wings, and not fewer than twenty-eight of them were fired before one succeded in reaching his body. The beast, mortally wounded, wheeled downward, rose again, made a sudden turn, then fled with a great beating of wings — dragging us in its wake, for the harpoon held well. The giant insect rose, descended, reared, turned a somersault, and doubled on his tracks, dragging us along from place to place and giving us a thorough shaking-up. So that at times we were above him, in the refulgence of his bright head, at times under him in the black shadow of his belly. At each move we were in. danger of being capsized, and, fearing in case the cable should break, to lose our prey, I ordered the gunner to aim a bullet directly at the eye of the butterfly. The explosion made terrible ravages. I saw the creature make a great leap forward and then fall, wings taut. We shot down behind him in a spinning nose-dive. Our situation was critical. The bark lurched forward. The machinery had stopped. The men tumbled over each other pell-mell. I alone remained up - right clinging to the porthole above me, but with a sharp pain in my head. It was exactly at this moment that I realized the folly of our enterprise. My mind was cast down by the errors of our researches and the inanity of our scien - tific efforts. We were falling into a whirlpool, we were perishing between the night and the morning. No, there are no laws, there are no measures, there are no centers. Nor is there any unity or time or space. Our reason is a poor little instrument of analysis, a coat of mail, ever contracting, which grips and moulds the helpless terms of our dialectic, a filter which deprives words of all their meaning, of all their suggestions, of all their creative power ; a filter, then, which isolates and strips them bare, washes, purifies and rids them of all relationship and of all the 185 crystallization they retained at their birth, in order to define identically a single object, thus metaphysically, nothing, since all things are bound together inex - tricably and " one could not define a blade of grass without involving the whole universe. " And how can one take apart the universe or define a blade of grass, or truthfully employ the equivocal faculties of the cortex which function as scientific reasoning, when science is ignorant of the most primary processes of the universe and knows not even to what may be attributed the size of grass's stamen, whether to the composition of the soil, to the climatic conditions, the corruption of the seed, or the method of cultivation. No, the object does not-exist, its definition may be that of space —- lacking all dimensions — and the only thing it gives rise to is brain : fatigue, convention, dead-letters (rho and phi). The instinctive lisping of a child summons the whole world to its cradle side where the babe graciously presents to the world its vision of reality. Our senses speak and affirm. Physically everything is caprice, folly, habit, vice. All is depth. The whole universe is isomeric, that is to say, it is composed as a whole and in part of similar elements, which have nevertheless (as a whole and in part) different properties, according to how differently these elements are presented to the senses. How could I have entrusted my life and that of my comrades to this fragile machine, constructed, as I now confess, out of a blind and groping impulse. Had I not labored amid continual incertitude and doubt? I, the scrupulous and diffi - dent scientist, the inventor of this extraordinary engine that had transported us far up into the heavens, and of which I was justly proud, I, the master of the uni - versal spiral as my fellow citizens called me as a result of my definitive researches into the life of numbers, — was I not an impostor after all ? I had made tabula rasa of geometry, trigonometry, of applied and celestial mechanics, of the most determined and stable scientific laws and theories in order to embark on a most chimerical adventure, like a possessed prophet, like a poet who says or pretends to say stupidities. How could I have convinced my companions that they ought to accompany me ; yes, why did they still have faith in me, when I no longer believed in myself ? It was my prestige, I suppose, my air of a leader, and some dream of a millenium to come induced by my intellectual brows. And when I thought that all was lost, the need of control and direction began working obscurely in me and as usual forced me to act. * I glanced out through the porthole. The monster who had us in train had just run aground. We were no more than a scant hundred yards away and were at the point of crashing to smithereens. " Every man to his post! I cried, in a voice of thunder. I had the cables that tied us to our prey thrown overboard. Powerful electric 186 discharges &gt;et vibrating the bulkheads of repulsite that sheathed our vessel. The enormous turbine at the bow began to turn. By reversing the wheel I suc - ceeded in straightening out the apparatus and the machine volplaned to an abrupt stop about six yards from the giant carcass. Nothing was lost. My men re - garded me with drawn faces, and a nervous convulsion made me smile. But the quartermasters cried : " To work ! " Already silently operating derricks emerg - ed from the sides of the ship and began to take the corpse to pieces. My passion for science swept over me again ; I began to catalogue feverishly the parts we were taking with us. This is what we found in the dead butterfly : 1. The Foaming Ram, which hammered the mutilated head. 2. The Tropic 9 of Cancer, which lay hidden in the breast. 3. The Twins, astride the antennae. 4. The Raging Bull, which spouted from the back of the neck. 5. The Balance in the axis of the wings (We could not take those mam - moth wings on board ship). 6. The Virgin sleeping peacefully in the sides. 7. The Scorpion consuming the stomach (it was he who had been speared by the harpoon). 8. The Archer who defended the mouth. 9. The Raging Lion, seated in the solar plexus. 10. The Capricorn, in the middle of the thorax. 11. and 12. The Inconstant Water carrier, and the Fish that swam in the eyes. The tense legs strained at space, white as a nenuphar. In examining the proboscis, I spilled a drop of honey. Ivife is pragmatically, manifestly, and for malty space and time, sublima - ted, molten and perfumed. Honey. CHAPTER VI. Of the Resting Place of Old Moons; of the Wheat and of the Eye. We had just set off again and attained some height, when my men came to inform me that a chain of mountains had been sighted directly in our wake. I went immediately to the observation tower at the bow of the ship from which I discerned geometrical mountain peaks, faintly visible above the horizon. I reversed our bearings, and we proceeded slowly in the direction N. N. W. Soon we entered -a zone that was purely luminous. We sailed along in the 187 midst of sparks, rays, reflections. The irradiations seemed to gather volume, and became powdery and sonorous. This caused a slight vibration all about our shell. One more powerful ray whipped out at us like a bullet, making the whole ship resound with its impact, and at times we seemed to be rocking on a huge swell. The discharges of light succeeded one another more and more swiftly and luridly, all originating from the mountains which barred our course. A spectral analysis determined the presence of osmium, and I concluded therefrom that the mountains before us were of platinum in its most active state, and that as we approached them, the interior shell of the engine, which was of crystal, had caused the polarization of the light as if it were tourmaline. This also explained our retarded and increasingly painful progress. We arrived thus after many difficulties before a solid wall, that was slate - colored and highly polished. Its even balconies and eaves presented no irregu - larities. After having surmounted this wall, we discovered farther off another inclined facade, also solid and glistening. We traversed this mountain which was a icosahedron block of platinum. Twenty-nine blocks of equal size placed end to end formed this chain of mountains, giving the impression of a giant cater - pillar. The last block was split in the middle, and it was into the narrow sinuous canyon of this that we penetrated. The entrance was ornamented with a white metal, which crumbled to pieces and whose fragments on the ground offered the attenuated colors of a rainbow. Farther off again, enormous concretions emerged from the walls of the canyon and falling at our feet raised clouds of brown, reddish and saffron-colored dust. vStill further, at the bottom of a pit, a spring gushed forth at intervals, thick and bloody, carrying a kind of warm turf composed of fragments of veg - etation,'softened crystals, stars of india rubber, pasty stones, animal juices and clotted oil. At the end, the passage opened on an immense arena, where in the half light of an aquarium swam strange apparitions. The shadows of things traversed one another in the wildest disorder; opaque as they were, they penetrat - ed each other constantly. Strange turmoil! The last moon was mouldering in a porous bowl, and scattered all about lay the old moons, dirty and miserable, their lustre gone, their bellies in air, among the most bizarre objects, such as are .usually found together in a heap behind the scenes of a theatre, or as in a brain turned inside out. We made a semi-circle of this space before taking the passage that was to lead us out. I ordered air our searchlights to be lit. The old moons flared up, wan and ivory-colored ; I had a sudden vision, oh infinitely tragic, of the elephants described 'by Sinbad the Sailor in the Thousand and One Nights, the great white carcasses, the heaps of bleaching bones. Now we were approaching the exit. Seen from the inside of the mountains, the radiations trembled on the glittering ground like the lashes of an Before 188 us the whole field of vision palpitated and agitated, a golden harvest, the most beautiful wheat-field of light. In passing, I gathered the heaviest stalks and tied them ill a bunch ; here is what I carry away to make ever fruitful the land of men : North Star called wheat of Szarawka or of Poland : very characteristic and peculiar yellow grain, full grown and heavy, with white straw of medium height. Difficult to cut but resists frost very well. Algol, called Red of the Valutte : a red grass, having a reddish straw, of me - dium height, which resists cutting but ripens quickly, leaving room for hardly any weeds. Grows in almost any soil; can be planted up to the end of February. Altair, called Japhet or Wheat of God : fine reddish grain, full-grown,ripens well. White straw of medium height, rather strong. May be grown in any soil, and sown either in the autumn or the spring. Very early ;no subsidiary growths. Betelgeuse, called Good Farmer: Yellow grain, heavy, well liked by millers, resists rust. Straw bright yellow and inflexible. Early, no subsidiary growths and may be grown in any soil. The Stalk, called Red Scotch Goldenrod: medium sized grain, generally pol - ished, half-yellow, half red. Very fine straw, long and strong, often colored violet above the stem ; very sturdy, resists frost well and rust, many subsidiary growths, and late harvest. Aldabaran, called The Fields : magnificent bright yellow grain, plump and heavy. Beautiful white straw, rather long but very fibrous. Does not rust and has many subsidiary growths, but well everywhere. Rigel, called Carter : yellowish-grey grain, very plump, a little wrinkled. White straw, long but thick and hard to cut. A few subsidiary growths. Re - quires good soil. Archimard, called Yellow Beard: red-brown grain, black at the core; yellow straw. Brown thick velvety stalk. The most productive of all the varie - ties. Very sturdy, resists frost and disease. Has the fault of being late. The Southern Cross, called The Reed : white grain; rather plump. White straw, thick and fibrous, with large leaves. The earliest of the square stemmed wheat. Ripens well. Should be sown in good soil. I had come to believe that we had really been travelling within an eye and that I had been seeing things. Wheat of the brain. CHAPTER VII. Of the Parturition of Colors. Where are we, everything becomes diffuse, dissolves. The machine groans. Each revolution of the propeller is my most intimate thought. The crystal lining of the motor becomes malleable and swells up. The most 189 solidly compounded metals separate from each other, and liquids become volatile. It grows impossible to breathe this air. My men are shaken with frightened laughter. I was forced to tie them one by one, to their levers, to bind them to their posts. Will their automatic gestures suffice to save us ? A few moments later, as I made my turn about the ship, the floor weakened beneath my weight, I sank through the deck as if it were of mud. The hardest objects seemed to perspire with the heat. The most luminous spheres became coated with a film. The highly polished corners became rusty, while other sur - faces lost their shine. The phosphorescent clock-faces were extinguished. Everything cracks about me. Everything disintegrates, melts, grows faint and immaterial. I seek refuge in the central cabin, which I had isolated from the rest. I seize the chest which contains the agent, the principle of my machine : the Molecular Spiral. L,et come what will! My eye glued to the periscope attached to the chest, I observe the perpetual motion of which lam the inventor. Here is the spark. One millionth of a second. The spark oscillates, palpitates, lives and revolves in an absolute void, enclosed in a concave hepatite. All about the ZN-vibrios, which should unite with, decompose, and multiply the spark of ultra - white incandescence, seem to recoil, saturated; a short circuit makes connection impossible. Everything has ceased to function. The void in the hepatite invades all parts of the machine. Everybody, every object, every instrument on board is dilated, then shrinks and falls back upon itself, discharging a thousand worm - shaped tendrils. The intra-molecular mesh is clearly defined, and the atoms ro - tate visibly. My ship opens like the rose of the wind, and closes again like a capsule. We are about to explode. I can only see now through my brain. I must try to restore the circulation. With my fingers on the keys of the vacuum, I succeed in turning away the currents of the void by drawing it toward those parts of the engine which serve as vacuum ballasts. Enormous discharges of void re-establish the co-efficient of density. At this point I am witness to a strange phenomenon. In the return of the flame, the hepatite sizzles and everything is filled with smoke. My field of vision is drowned in a whirlpool. A brownish red slowly attacks the screen and pervades it. Then a dark red, with a rough surface, wrinkled like seaweed, and formed of films placed side by side, appears. Each membrane has upon it a blister which trembles and bursts like cooling lava. All of a sudden, the mass of red fucus breaks apart in the middle, the films group themselves to right and to left, the blisters become more virulent, and a blue line appears which spreads rapidly and expands toward the top and toward the bottom. This blue extends its branches in all direc - tions. It pushes out into the red of the little trembling films, in the form of a wedge, like the leaves of the capillary. The blue and red leaves align themselves 190 together, one blue with one red and turn about gently until they dissolve. There remains nothing save two bean-sliaped spots, one blue and one red, facing one another. One might suppose they were two embryos, one masculine and the other feminine. They approach, join, divide and multiply, by cells or groups of cells. Every spore is enclosed in a violet net which soon swells out and becomes fleshy like a pistil. Little orange lozenges float about on the suface. 'Soon the orange and the violet begin to devour one another. Twigs, branches, trunks all tremble, collapse, rise up again. Suddenly the orange blossoms like the flower of the gourd. The calyx deepens, and at the bottom two violet pistils tremble on a red and blue stamen. Everything whirls dizzily from the center to the peri - phery. A ball is set up, a ball' of brilliant yellow, looking very much like a fruit. The yellow explodes, causing confetti and multicolored seed to come out in par - ticles of all sizes and shapes. Then everything falls, as hard as hail, and uni - formly green. In the midst of them appear threads and chains and links of every kind. Trunks and branches, knotted, elongated, distorted. Grass, that blackens and then turns ashen, only to disappear finally into a thick mist of forms that merge into white. The white becomes fixed and frozen. Then there is the ultra-white in the shape of a disc, while in the center the spiral functions. Its movement is regular. I let' go of the vacuum, and evetything congeals about, me. The liquids can be compressed no further. Hard bodies regain their sharp projections, their clean angles. Domestic shapes develop out of each other, familiar and useful. The machines are singing. The rudder works again. The quality of matter is color in space ; in the void it is the motion of falling, and we have industrialized the process. It is the origin of all things. CHAPTER VIII. Of the Heteroclite. Above and below, the sky grips us everywhere. We sail along in an atmosphere somehow soft, calm, tender. Vague con - stellations pass us by like white clouds in summer. Soapy masses rise and fall, plunge, slide, and collapse. Everything moves gently. We leave a snowy wake behind. Our passage becomes slower and slower. Everything thickens. I place us somewhere in the Baltic, the Baltic of the Sky. Pearls shimmer softly. There is flying velvet in the air. Wings that whirl about. Light as down, the flakes irradiate light. Now we are making hardly three knots an hour, pushing as we are thiougli a strong resistance, against a yielding barrier, attended by raucous bellowing, the agitation of fins, and the roaring of shells. 191 I believe that we are in an impasse. I long for the first time for the human abode that we have left. My men are pale and bloodless, the blue showing under their skins ; they look at me with haggard eyes. The clock, the clock, turns hysterically backward. One thousand years, ten thousand years, a hundred thousand years. We are on our way. What have we found ? A giant penguin mocks at us as he beats his wings. My index finger is like the beak of a bird scratching under a wing, it picks out my wrinkles. The sky is of gelatinous oil, streaked with yellow, thickened with agate and with clotted grease in a green bottle. Everything is agitated, opens and closes like ears. Microscopic mouths. Round and bulbous objects disappear, come back, unmask themselves, and vanish again in a flash. Gilded balls rise, descend, trace figures. Meditation ? Play ? Arabesques and designs can be distinguished. A herd of motley-colored horses dash by, their feet hardly touching the ground. The coyotes are baying. A chimpanzee balances himself on one arm. The palm tree bends. Bevy of but - terflies. Covey of birds. A little badger dog. A caterpillar. A mole struts like a peacock. At the laughter of a clown, the frippery is torn. The emerald-color diligence discharges its load. Everything cracks, everythings breaks. Transparent cra - ters open up and reveal an assemblage of shining kitchen utensils. An Indian and a blue negro dance about the hearth and juggle with great Spanish onions. An ostrich egg rolls down to the foot of a slope. Sheep in the grip of vertigo, turn about in the depths of a funnel. Snowball. The avalanche quarters itself by becoming immobile. A fountain of water gushes rigidly from it. Cracks of the whip. Lightning flashes. Blizzard. Forests grow up and die. Sheets of ice fly off like tiles. A woman shakes out her skirts. The arms of a windmill turning. A prodigious landslide, books fall from libraries and open up, their leaves fluttering all the way down like sea swallows behind us. Then everything becomes glazed, murky, thin, like the negative of a photo - graph. Silver bath. Cannonade of mountains. We are caught in the ice-floes of the sky. Hibernation. Stupefied, I regard the frozen footprints of the Little Bear on the ice. In the middle, there is the hole where the seal of the night comes, to breathe. To escape from the melancholy that is overwhelming me, I plunge myself into the reading of the principal work of Rob Fludd de Fluctibus Armigero : Tractatus secundus de Naturae Simla seu Technica macrocosmi historia in partes undicem divisa. Treatise anno 1618 of the Nobile Oppenheimio, the most com - plete treaty on the music of the spheres. 192 CHAPTER IX. Of the Human Mind Springtime. We wallow about on the borders of light. In the distance, behind a sand dune, we discover two young suns rolling over one another like two young lions at play, knocking one another down, and destroying creation with their strong young teeth. The four elements reduced to powder become a mane, which their frothing jaws destroy. Everything goes up in sparks, the forests, the mountains, and their young claws are whetted on the navel of the universe. CHAPTER X. Of Woman It is the summer of Berenice. Hair, rope, vines have seized us and raised us*to the centre of what dark s}anbolic forest ! The nearest stars are like flow - ers, and the farthest off growl and bark like jackals and dogs. A monkey is leaning against the port-hole of my cabin and I cannot withdraw my gaze from that congested face. Behind us the pure light that we have just left recedes, grows a while, and finally diminishes. CHAPTER XI. Of the Calendar This is the naked summit of space, the double apex which falls continually, the double mountain of soil that runs through like an hour-glass and is reversed. Up there. Earth is right at your door, seems to be quite near. In the winking of an eye, one can see the gnarled peasant who leads it, and hear his hoarse voice urging the oxen yoked to the heavy plough. The first furrow is traced from one end of the sky to the other. The two hemispheres detach themselves. Everything turns. We too roll, entrained in the general ruin. Night falls upon us. The soil covers us. The utmost depths of the ocean are emptied upon us. Shells, fins, a pinioned animal and quartered nobility fall upon us. CHAPTER XII. Of the Powder of Projection We enter the zone of attraction, of gravitation, and of conjugations, figures of melanchofy and monogram for the heart. One would think that they were 193 microscopic preparations so clearly is the network of nerves and veins sketched upon the unripened rondel of the night. Parabolas. Red balls. Everything becomes fresh. The course breaks. It is old age that breathes upon us, unexpected, sudden, terrible, like a comet. Is it seven ? Is it four ? We can no longer count on our fingers. My companions whiten from head to foot and fall to dust. " Every man to his post! " There is not even a grinning death's head to mock at me. We are going to be agglomerated, digested, reduced to nothing, and thrown to the little fishes behind the sky. I can no longer struggle against decomposition, but lam still the master of our direction. We must return to our point of departure. Perhaps I still have the strength to come back to the haunts of men. I make use of a little vaporizer. The powder of projection transmutes the engine into pure so - lar matter. Now nothing can stop our progress ;we are going back to our source. Almost immediately we begin to rise and fall dizzily. We leave behind us all the picturesque scenery of the heavens -— the chiefs, the slaves, the bazaar, the tattooing for exportation — to salute as we pass the more familiar celestial phenomena which fly by in pairs. Constellations in flocks like birds announce better known regions. Here is already the great cataract. lam faint. I have not the strength to land. We pass through the earth's atmosphere like a meteor. Golden scarab. Zigzag in the form of a question mark. Explosion. Blaise Cendrars (Translated from the French by M.J.) Henri Matisse Drawing 195 EPITAPHS For the Friends of Philippe Soupault I have been told that there are cities in this world inhabited by men who do not know these names. Old airs, old refrains and jingles are the best re - membrances. Perhaps it would be wisest for us to place the reader on his guard against any tendency he might have to regard the ensemble of these pages as funeral orations fallen from the pen of a poet. My friends are quite, quite alive. I have simply amused myself (singular pastime, the reader will exclaim) in believing them dead. I must admit that I nourished a secret hope. But my verses were impotent. In reality, all these persons bearing such distinguished names are none other than Philippe Soupault. I must then thank my friends, in passing, for having suffered themselves to ex - ist for a brief moment as the reflections of another's personality. They have un - derstood even better than I that the fact that I lived near the Morgue was no reason for taking me for an undertaker. P. S. ARTHUR CRAVAN The vendors of four seasons have all emigrated to Mexico Old boxer you are dead out there You don't even know why. You cried out louder than we in the palaces of America and in all the cafes of Paris You have never examined yourself in a glass You are hibernating in the hospital What are you going to do in Heaven old man I have nothing more to hide from you The Seine flows before my window Your friends are very rich I have a mad desire to smoke. 196 FRANCIS PICABIA Why did you wish to be buried with your four dogs a newspaper and your hat You also requested that there be written upon your tomb BON VOYAGE You will be taken for a madman again up there. THEODORE FRAENKEL It was a wonderful day when you died the cemetery looked so pretty that hardly anyone could really be sad After a while it was noticed that you were no longer there I do not hear your snickering You are hushed or you are shrugging your shoulders You never had the faintest desire to visit Paradise and now you don't know where to go but you will only jest about it. MARIE LAURENCIN The lovely bird in its cage is your smile within the tomb the leaves are dancing It is going to rain a long time Tonight before going out I shall put flowers on all the trees for you A doe approaches gently The clouds you know are rose and blue. 197 LOUIS ARAGON Your little friends have made a garland for you They have woven you a wreath out of all your little lies Look I have brought you paper and a very good pen You will make poems through all Eternity Your guardian angel will console you I shall tie the knot of your cravat I shall teach you how to smile You have already forgotten me God is much nicer than I. PAUL ELUARD Take your cane and your gloves along with you stand straight your eyes closed the clouds of cotton are far away and you were gone without bidding me goodbye It rains rains rains TRISTAN TZARA Who is there You never shook my hand There was much laughter when it was known that you were dead We had so feared that you were eternal Your last sigh your last smile Neither flowers nor posies Merely the little automobiles and the butterfly wings ten yards long. Philippe Soupault (Translated from the French by Matthew Josephson) Henri Matisse Drawing 199 YOUNG MAN WITH SPECTACLES I do not wish to describe his minor details : for example that he had blue or brown eyes and was somewhat under six feet tall, that he attended Harvard University (or Chicago), and that he was the only son of an unimportant lawyer in Pennsylvania or Nebraska. This much about him is essential: he was not yet twenty-five; he was very serious; he wrote. He claimed that his favourite authors were Shakespeare and T. S. Eliot. I met him. . . I think I met him first in Boston at an ephemeral tearoom known as the Common Cupboard. Between those violent sucks at a corncob pipe which took the place of the'missing punctuation marks, Max Bodenheim had just finished reading a poetic play. There was a. discussion which he — Walter, his name was — did not enter. His steel-rimmed glasses had slipped down the bridge of his nose and he stared at us over the top of them ... I met him afterwards at the Albertson farm and at a bookstore in Chicago. Although he lived for a year in New York I saw him rarely, except on occasional Sunday mornings when he crossed Washington Square in an old golf suit, his eyes ap - parently fixed on other worlds. I never followed his travels. Foster Damon came across him at the Adlon in Berlin ; having found an empty mirror, he was using it dreamily to examine the buttons of his vest. " A nice boy/' Foster added, " but colourless, like his eyes." Evidently they were the detail by which people identified him ; they were blue, now that I remember, rather than brown, and watery with too much reading ... I met him in Paris. I found him, to be exact, at the Cafe des Deux Magots ; he was just finishing a beer. " No, thanks," he said, answering an invitation, " it's all I drink. I don't gamble. I steal and lie but Igo to bed early. Sexually I'm as spot - less as a boy hero out of Horatio Alger, (i) You might call it the new puri - tanism. . . If a poet wants to express American life, he has got to live it first. He should live it, preferably, in Paris, where he can have some perspective on his own actions. He should shave with a Gillette, compose on a Corona, and be clean mentally and bodily ;in all respects the Arrow collar boy. It's worth doing .. . Our age and nation are extraordinary subjects for literature. New forms. New movement. An intellectual ferment which puts this period on a par with that of Marlowe and Drake. .. I want to jump smack into the middle of it. I want to be a mechanic and set flywheels rotating at the touch of a but - ton. I want to write poems that have the vigour of advertising copy. His spectacles had slipped down again and he was staring into his glass vaguely, as if in negation of this factitious energy. (i) Walter exaggerated; lie had never read Horatio Alger. 200 * * When I was in Normandy lie sent me a letter. " I want you to join me in founding a new literary school. It will exist in the Fourth Dimension, and will describe the time factor in motion and measurement. . . Up till this time Art has expressed only the motion of the object. The curious effect that is attained when the observer himself is moving ; the sort of impression that we gain from so common an experience as looking out the window of a streetcar, has never adequately been expressed. . . Therefore let us found a new litera - ture to describe these curious effects : double motions and triple motions, as when several trains pass each other in a subway ; an express crawls past a local while the posts between them stride back tremendously. Sounds that drop thiough several octaves and die when your train moves away from them. Land - scapes unrolling like a reel of film. The dramatic relation of cogwheels to one another. . . We shall found a new school on this basis. We shall call it The Courve, or better, just Courve — nobody uses names with ' the ' today. . He went on to elaborate the idea. He suggested that the poetry of the school, instead of being published, should be exhibited. W r e should scratch our poems on the glass of revolving doors, or paint them on slowly rotating belts, or on the stationary banister of a moving stairway ; anything, as he said, to aid in expressing their motion, When I returned to Paris, I asked him about Courve. " It's dead and buried/' he said. " I found that some of the Futurists had been doing just what I wanted to." " But it was an amusing idea ; why didn't you go ahead with it anyhow ? " He thought the question unnecessary. "It wouldn't have been original. I want to preserve my own personality ".(i) In my opin - ion his acquaintance with the work of Marinetti was preventing him from express - ing his own personality, but I did not tell him so ; it was no use. * * * Afterwards I came to believe that his conversation with Stewart Mit - chell must really have affected the development of his ideas. Certainly the two were each other's opposites. Mitchell has the quality of being a little detached from time; he is a phenomenon which might have occurred in any year since the middle of the seventeenth century. Walter, on the other hand, dates belonging definitely to the generation which fought the last year or two of the war, but not the first. Normally he would have little sympathy with (i) From the way Walter uses the words ' personality ' and-' originality ' he evidently believes they are synonymous. 201 Mitchell, and their dialogue was due solely to the chance which threw them together, after the Opera, on the back platform of an autobus. They talked shop. " Just now the only quality which interests me in a poem," said Walter, " is its geometrical construction : whether it is plane or solid, circular or conical; whether or not its balance is perfect; whether it ends at a given point or proceeds, like parallel lines, into infinity. Take Eliot for example. To me the charm of his poetry is the fact that it is written in two planes : one the plane of quotidian life and the other a region of utter fable." Very softly he began to quote: Phlebas, le Phenicien, pendant qitinze jours noye Oubliait les oris des mouetles et la houle de Cornouaille, " I think sometimes that artistic beauty is nearly related to mathema - tics. .." At this point he stopped suddenly, Mitchell said, as if he had unin - tentionally introduced the subject of sodomy to a Cambridge tea-party. " I try to keep away from aesthetics. The field would be fascinating for me, but if . . . ever I entered it, I should be dead as a. poet. . . And anyhow there are no general principles ; I try to treat each new work as a new problem. Once you begin to philosophize, you cease to be an artist." " Why ? " asked Mitchell. Walter waited some time before replying. One could watch several an - swers quiver in turn on his lips, Mitchell told me ; replies which would show the eternal separateness of the critical and the creative instincts ; vague mem - ories of Whistler's Ten O'Clock, the conversation of his own group, and the Dada Manifesto. One man knew them just as well as the other, and Mitchell was grateful that he did not repeat them. Instead, Walter seemed to be thinking out the problem for himself, and it was a long time before he arrived at any solution. Finally, " Damned if I know,"he said. Mitchell, unlike his custom, pressed the argument. " You seem to think that a wall exists between criticism and creation, and that you must be either on one side or the other ; as if you were in Belfast and somebody put a revolver to your head and asked whether you were Protestant or Catholic. Personally I can see no such definite distinction, nor could I ever decide where creation ended and criticism began ... The same with art and aesthetics; their bor - ders are indefinite. When Gourmont or Mallarme originated an aesthetic (he chose names which Walter would respect) they did not cease from that moment to be artists ; in fact their art is dependent on aesthetics. So is all other art; some poets or painters think out a system for themselves, and some are con - tent to borrow ... "It was Mitchell's station and he jumped down. Walter did not even see him go ; his eyes had drifted into the vacancy of their usual stare. 202 * s * * It was about two weeks later when I saw him, towards midnight, striding down the Boulevard St. Michel and looking deeply into the face of every one who passed, as if he had something very important to say. A certain young woman whom we all knew by sight, for she was attached to that particular block of sidewalk like a serf to the land ; this certain Magdalene misunderstood his gesture, and made some remark to him, at which, even under the dim light, I could see him flushing. Two seconds later, he caught sight of me and hurried up, his lips trembling with unuttered speech. I was cruel enough to order a drink before I let him talk ; from the nervous way he gulped at it I do not think he noticed what it was. He spoke much more rapidly than usual. "If I were a tyrant I'd hang every writer ten years older than myself. Theirs is the generation which carried to extremes this talk about modernism in literature, as if nobody ever wrote before Ibsen. They set about deliberately to destroy every literary tradition, and being most of them ferocious communists, they talked as if literature was each man's private property. They made originality the highest virtue. Since a child has infinitely more chance of being original than any educated man, their finest poetry was written by a little girl of nine. They are our schoolmasters in literature, but none of them ever told us that prose begins with a good sentence, and poetry with the ability to write a heroic couplet. I'd hang them all." He took a simultaneous gulp of air and cognac. " They are afraid of ideas. They do not find enough originality in an idea. It can occur to several people at once, and after it has been expressed it belongs to the whole world. A man's sensations, on the other hand, are to some extent his private possession. That is why this generation of writers, which values originality above all other virtues, sacrifices ideas to .sensation, (i) But you cannot build a literature on individual sensation alone. He continued, speaking more and more rapidly and leaving hardly a noticeable pause between his sentences. " Art is not individual property, it is a function of the race, it is a perpetually unfinished edifice to which each man adds one stone and passes on: a museum to which each artist contributes one picture: it is the sum of the ideals of a race which is w T hy the art of past ages should be preserved and why, being dangerous, it should be destroyed. . . " (i) Note how Walter's attitude lias changed in the last month. He now believes that, like psycho-analysis, originality is only a contemporary catchword. In support of his new opinion he might, if he were better read, have called attention to the fact that the word itself occurs rarely in the critical literature of the eighteenth century, and almost never in the seventeenth. At that time originality was considered a vice. 203 He was out of breath and .stopped for a moment, although he still preserved the illusion that I was listening to him. " I know that these statements are not original. That is why they please me. I feel that when I make them I am sharing in the thought of a whole civilization ; that the nature of my remarks has been absolutely determined by men who were no ancestors of mine and who died a thousand years ago ; you might say that I was dizzy with the idea of causation." From this time on he spoke in a lower voice, as if to himself, so that I could hear only detached words : " Determinism .. . mathematical proportion. . . the arts are not one but many ... purgation ... integral elegance .. . each man deposits .. ." He rose and left me, staggering in his intellectual ecstasy as if he had drunk too much, and probably he had. * * * As Walter stumbled home his brain was still deliciously crowded with ideas. His work, his life, his environment seemed infinitely logical, and bound each to each by eternal causes. He tried to distinguish and formulate these causes. He felt that his effort was utterly disinterested ; he would never be able to sell his ideas or even to make copy out of them, and for that reason he invested them with a special value. But they evaporated little by little and left him with only the sensation of having given them birth ; it was still an ecstasy, but of a different order. Finally his consciousness reduced itself to a few words ; words which he had so fully clothed with a personality that they might have been real people walking down the corridors of his mind. " Art. . . purgation .. . method .. . art " : they recurred rhythmically and grouped themselves into lines : Art is a common method of purgation a spiritual steaming of the bowels and each man comes, deposits, passes on passes on and then is heard no more. It is a noise made by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing nothing Decidedly he could get no further with it; he undressed heavily and fell into bed. As he lay there gradually dozing, the words to which he had attached so much value continued their parade through his mind : " Art is the mathe - matics of the flesh. . . a carnal harmony, which being attained .. . leads us behind the curtain of the flesh ... to float across a limitless sea of light .. . among impersonal forms ... a moment logical and white .. . and white and logical... a moment. . Malcolm Cowley 204 THE LAY OF MALDOROR .(Further Selections from Second Canto) I sought a soul which was like my own and could not find one. I ransacked the corners of the earth, my persistence was use - less. Yet I could not remain alone. I needed someone who approved of my nature ; I needed someone who had the same ideas as myself. It was morning ; the sun was rising in all its splendour on the hori - zon, and there to my eyes a young man rose also whose presence engendered flowers on his path. He approached me and offering his hand: " I have come to you who seek me. Praised be this happy day. " But I : "Go away ; I have not called you : I do not need your friendship... " It was evening ; night began to spread the black - ness of her veil over nature. A beautiful woman, whom I could hard - ly see, also spread over me her enchanting influence, and looked pitifully at me ; still, she dared not speak to me. I said : " Come near, so that I may clearly see your features for at this distance the starlight is not strong enough to illumine them. " So with a humble gait and lowered eyes, moving towards me, she trod the grassy sward. When I saw her : I see that goodness and justice have made their abode in your heart; we cannot live together. Now, you admire my beauty which has agitated more than one person ; but sooner or later, you will repent of having devoted your love to me ; for you do not know my soul. Not that lam ever unfaithful. She who gives herself to me with so much abandon, so confidingly, to her do I give myself ; but get well into your head so that you may never forget it ; wolves and lambs do not make eyes at each other. " What did I need then, who with so much disgust rejected what was finest in humanity ! What I needed I could not have said. I had not then got used to making myself, by means of methods re - commended by philosophy, an exact account of the phenomena of 205 my spirit. I sat down 011 a rock near the sea. A ship had just cram - med full sail on to keep off that shore, an imperceptible spot had ap - peared on the horizon and impelled by the storm, approached grad - ually, rapidly growing in size. The tempest was about to com - mence its attack and the sky had already darkened, becoming a black nearly as hideous as the heart of man. The vessel, a huge warship, had cast all its anchors, that it might not be swept on to the rocks of that coast. From the four cardinal points the wind whistled fur - iously and tore the sails to shreds. Thunder-claps burst amid light - ning flashes, but could not surpass the noise of lamentations which were heard on the foundationless house, moving sepulchre. The billowing of these aqueous masses had not succeeded in parting the chains of the anchors, but their thuds had opened a water way in the sides of the vessel. Huge breach; for the pumps sufficed not to throw out the quantities of salt water which, like mountains, frothing fell upon the bridge. The imperilled vessel fires its distress gun again and again, but sinks slowly... majestically. He who has not seen a vessel sink amid the hurricane, the intermittent lightning, and the most profound darkness, while those it contains are over - whelmed with that despair already known to you, does not know life's possibilities. In the end a universal cry of immense anguish escapes from the flanks of the vessel, and the sea redoubles its fear - ful attacks. It is the abandon of human forces which give cause to the vent of this cry. Each wraps himself in the mantle of resig - nation and puts his fate back into the hands of God. They hang back like a flock of sheep. The imperilled vessel fires its distress gun again and again, but sinks slowly... majestically. Throughout the whole day the pumps have been working. Useless effort. Night is come, implacable and dense, to crown the gratuitous sight. Each tells himself that once in the water he will be unable to breathe; for, as far back as he can remember, he cannot call to mind any fish as ancestor ; but he exhorts himself to hold back his breath as long as possible, that he may prolong his life some two or three seconds; that is the vengeful irony he would direct at death... The imperilled ves- 206 sel fires its distress gun again and again... but sinks slowly, majes - tically... He does not know that .the ship in sinking causes a mighty billowing of the waves about themselves ; that the slimy ooze is mixed with the troubled waters and that a force from below, reac - tion of the tempest which works its ravages above, makes the ele - ment shift suddenly and nervously. Thus, despite the stock of sang - froid he plucks up in advance, the about to be drowned man should on longer reflection consider himself happy if, in the whirlpool of the abysm, he prolongs his life one half of an ordinary breath (to leave a good margin). Therefore it will be impossible for him to defy death, his supreme desire. The imperilled vessel fires its distress guns again and again... but sinks slowly... majestically. It's an error. It no longer fires its distress guns, it does not sink. The nutshell is completely engulfed. O heavens ! how can one live after having experienced such intense pleasure ! It has been given me to witness the death pangs of many of my fellows. Minute by minute I followed the vicissitudes of their agonies. Now the bel - lowing of some old woman, mad with fright, led the market. Now the yelping of a baby at the breast prevented one from hearing the captain's orders. The ship was too far off for me to perceive dis - tinctly the moans which the storm brought me, but I approached with my will and the optical illusion was complete. Every quarter hour, when some stronger blast of wind producing its mournful notes above the cry of terrified petrels, dislocated the vessel in longitudinal cracks, and increased the plaint of those about to be offered as holocaust to death, I dug the sharpened point of a piece of iron into my cheek and thought secretly : " They're suffer - ing now ! " Thus at least I had some method of comparison. From the shore, I apostrophised them, casting imprecations and menaces upon them. I thought they • must hear me. It seemed that my hatred, my speech, leaping the distance, annihilated the physical laws of sound and arrived distinct to their ears deafened by the moaning of the angry sea. I thought they must think of me and breathe out their vengeance in impotent rage. From time to time I cast a look 207 at the cities, asleep on solid earth, and seeing that no one suspected that a vessel was about to sink a few miles off the shore, with a crown of birds of prey and a throne of aquatic giants with empty stomachs, I regained my courage, and hope returned to me ; I was sure then of their destruction. They could not escape. In an excess of precau - tion, I had been to get my double barrelled gun so that, if some cast - away tried to avoid an imminent death by swimming to reach the rocks, a ball in the shoulder would smash his arm and prevent him accomplishing his design. At the most lurid moment of the storm, I saw a powerful head hair on end, swimming upon the waves with despairing efforts. It swallowed pints of water, and sinking into the abysm bobbed like a cork. But soon, its hair dripping, it appeared again, and fixing its eye on the shore, seemed to defy death. His coolness was wonderful. A large bleeding wound, caused by the point of some hidden reef, scarred his noble and intrepid features. He could not be more than sixteen years, for vaguely through the flashes which lit up the night, the bloom of a peach was to be seen on his lip. And now, he was not more than 200 yards from the cliff, and I could see him easily. What courage — what in - domitable spirit. How the fixity of his head seemed to defy fate, * while he vigorously cut the wave, whose furrows opened laboriously before him... I had already made my mind up ; I owed it to myself to keep my promise ; the last hour had tolled for all, and none must escape. That was my resolution... nothing could change it... A sharp report was heard and, at the same time, the head sank to appear no more. I did not take so much pleasure as might be thought in this murder, and it was precisely because I was surfeited with continued killing, that I did it again out of mere habit, which was impossible to give up but which only mildly amused me. The senses were blunted, hardened. What pleasure could I feel in the death of this human being, when there were more than a hundred who, once the vessel went down, were about to offer me the spectacle of their last fight with the waves. As for this death, I had not even the attraction of danger, for 208 human justice, rocked to sleep by the hurricane of this fearful night, slept in its house at some small distance. To-day when the years weigh me down, I say sincerely and as a supreme and solemn truth that I was not as cruel as was subsequently said among men; but there were times when their ill-will worked its persistent ravages throughout whole years. Then my fury knew 110 bounds, accesses of cruelty took me and I became terrible to him who drew near to my haggard eyes, did he at all belong to my race. Were it a horse or dog I allowed it to go: did you hear what I just said ? Unfortunately on the night of this storm I was in -one of these rages, my reason had gone (for usually I was just as cruel, but more careful) and what - ever fell into my hands at that time had to perish; Ido not mean to excuse my faults. The fault is not entirely due to my fellows.. I only state what is, while awaiting the last judgment which makes me scratch my nape beforehand... What-does the last judgment matter to me ! I never lose my reason, as I said in order to deceive you. And when I commit a crime, I know what I am doing, it is the only thing I want to do. Upright on a rock and while the hurricane whip - ped my hair and cloak, I gazed in ecstacy at the might of the tempest; intent upon a ship under a starless sky. In a triumphal attitude I followed the vicissitudes of the drama, from the moment when the ship cast its anchors to the time when it foundered; fatal garment which drew into the bowels of the sea those who had been clothed as by a cloak. But the moment drew near when I was about to take an active part in these scenes of agitated nature. When the place where the vessel had sustained the combat clearly showed that it had gone to spend the rest of its days 011 the sea's ground floor, those who had been swept away with the waves reappeared partly on the surface. They clasped each other round the body, two by two, three by three ; it was the means by which not to save their lives, for their movements became embarrassed and they sank again like pots with holes in them... What is that army of marine monsters that swiftly cuts the wave ? There are six, their fins are power - ful and open up a way through the towering waves. Of all these 209 human beings waving their four limbs in this hardly stable conti - nent, the sharks soon make only an eggless omelette, and divide it accord - ing to the law of the stronger. Blood mixes with water, and water mixes with blood. Their fierce eyes give light enough to the scene of carnage... But what tumult of water is this now, there on the horizon ? One would think a waterspout was approaching. What action ! I see what it is. An enormous female shark arrives to take her share of the goose-liver paste, and of the cold boiled beef. vShe is furious, for she arrives starving. A fight begins between her and the sharks, in dispute of the few palpitating limbs floating here and there*in silence on the surface of the ruddy cream. To right, to left, her jaws snap and give mortal wounds. But three liv - ing sharks still surround her and she is compelled to turn in all directions to outwit their manoeuvres. With growing emotion, unfelt till then, the spectator on the shore follows this new kind of naval battle. His eyes are glued on the female shark whose teeth are so strong. No longer does he hesitate, but shoulders his gun and with his usual skill at the moment when one of the sharks shows itself above a wave, lodges his second ball in its ear. Remain two sharks who manifest only a stronger, obstinacy. From the top of his rock, the man-with the jaundiced saliva throws himself into the sea and swims towards the agreeably tinted carpet, holding in his hand the knife of steel which never quits him. Now each shark has to deal with an enemy. He moves towards his tired enemy and biding his time, buries the keen blade in its belly. The mobile fort - ress rids herself easily of the last adversary... The swimmer and the female shark saved by him find themselves together. They regard each other fixedly for some moments, and each is interested to find so much ferocity in the other's expression. They swim circling round, but keep each other well in sight, telling themselves : " I was mis - taken up till now ; there is someone who is more evil. " Then with a common accord, with a mutual admiration, they slide towards each other between two waves, the female shark with her fins part - ing the waves, Maldoror striking the billows with his arms, holding 210 back their breaths in profound veneration, each anxious to contem - plate his speaking likeness for the first time. At eight yards from each other, like two lovers they fall suddenly together without any effort and embrace with dignity and gratitude, in a clasp as tender as that of a brother and a sister. Carnal desires closely fol - low this amicable display. Two sinewy thighs like two leeches fasten closely to the monster's viscous skin and twine with love about the body of the loved object, while their throats and breasts soon form but a glaucous mass like the exhalations of seaweed ; in the midst of the storm which still rages ; by the flash of lightnings, the spumy wave for their hymeneal bed, they are swept along by an un - dercurrent as though in a cradle and rolling over each other towards the depths of the abysm, cling together again in a long chaste and hideous copulation !... At last I had found someone who was like me ! From that moment I was no longer alone in the world ! She had the same ideas as myself... I stood before my first love ! O austere mathematics, I have not forgotten you since the time your learned lessons, sweeter than honey, percolated into my heart like a refreshing flood. Instinctively, from the cradle, I aspired to drink from your spring, more ancient, than the sun, and still the most devoted of your initiates I continue to tread the sacred precincts of your solemn temple. There is a void in my spirit, a something thick as smoke, but I know how to pass religiously the steps which lead to your altar and you have chased away the obscure veil as the wind upsets a draughtboard. In its place you put an excessive coldness, a consummate prudence and an implacable logic. By the aid of your fortifying milk, my intelligence has rapidly devel - oped, and has taken on enormous proportions, in the centre of this ravishing light which you present prodigally to those who love you with a sincere love. Arithmetic! algebra! geometry! magnificent trinity, luminous triangle. He who has not known you is a mad man ! He deserves the greatest torments, for there is ignorant scorn in his foolish carelessness ; but he who knows and appreciates you de- 211 sires no more of earth's good things ; contents himself with your magic joys, and transported upon your sombre wings, desires only (describing an ascending spiral) to raise himself in easy flight to the spherical dome of heaven. Earth but shows him illusions and moral phantasmagoria; but you, O concise mathematics, by the vigorous concatenation of your tenacious propositions and the constancy of your iron laws, make a mighty reflection of this supreme truth shine before dazzled eyes; the very imprint of which is observed in the order of the universe. But the order surrounding you, represented chiefly by the perfect regularity of the square, Pythagoras's friend, is still greater ; for the All Powerful has revealed himself and his attributes completely in the memorable work which was to make your treasures of theo - rems and magnificent splendours sally from the entrails of chaos. In ancient periods, in modern times, more than one great human im - agination saw his genius terrified by the contemplation of your symbolic diagrams uncomprehended by the profane vulgar; traced upon the burning paper, like so many mysterious signs alive with some latent breath and which were but the startling revelation of axioms and eternal hieroglyphics which existed before the universe and which will maintain themselves after it. It asks itself, leaning over the precipice of #n inevitable ques - tion mark how does it happen that mathematics contains so much imposing grandeur and so much undeniable truth : and comparing it with mankind, finds only in the latter false pride and lies. Then this superior saddened spirit, whom the noble familiarity of your counsels makes feel still more strongly the triviality of man - kind and its unequalled folly, drops his whitened head upon an ema - ciated hand and remains absorbed in supernatural meditations. He bends his knees before you, and his veneration renders homage to your divine face as though to the actual likeness of the All Powerful. In my childhood, you appeared to me one night of May by moonlight in a verdant meadow, on the edge of a limpid brook; all three equal in grace and modesty, all three full of majesty like queens. You 212 made some steps towards me with your long robes billowing like a mist and drew me to your proud breasts like a blessed son. Then Iran up quickly, my hands contracting on your white throats. I fed myself gratefully with your fruitful manna, and I felt that hu - manity grew in me and grew better. Since then, O rival goddesses, I have never deserted you. Since then, what energetic projects, what sympathies, which I thought had been engraved upon the pages of my heart as though in marble, and whose configurating lines have they not slowly effaced from my undeceived reason, as brightening dawn effaces the shadows of night. Since then, I have seen death : in the intention, obvious even to the naked eye of populating tombs ravage the battlefields fattened by human blood, and cause morning flowers to appear above the fun - ereal bones. Since then, I have helped the revolutions of our earth ; earthquakes, volcanoes with their burning lava, the desert survivor, and the tempests wrecks have had my presence as impass - ive spectator. Since then, I have seen many human generations at noon lift their wings and eyes to space with the inexperienced joy of the chrysalid who greets his last metamorphosis and dies at even, before sundown, his head bent, like faded flowers swaying on the plaintive whistling of the wind. But always the same, you remain. No change, no pest laden air brushes the scarped hills and immense valleys of your identity. Your humble pyramids will last longer than Egyptian pyramids, anthills raised by stupidity and slavery. The end of the ages will still see upright upon the ruins of time your cabalistic marks, your laconic equations and your sculptural lines seated at the vengeful right hand of the Almighty, while the stars sink with despair like water spouts into the eternity of an awful universal night, and grimacing humanity thinks of settling its ac - counts with the last judgment. Thanks for the innumerable services you have done me. Thanks for the qualities, strange to me, with which you have enriched my intelligence. But for you, he would have made me roll in the sand and kiss the dust of his feet. But for you, with a treacherous claw 213 he would have torn my blood and bones. But I kept myself on my guard like an experienced athlete. You communicate to me the chill which surges from your sublime conceptions, exempt from passion. I avail myself of it disdainfully to reject the ephemeral pleasures of my short journey and to send from my door the sympathising though deceitful offers of my fellows. You communicate to me the stubborn prudence one unwinds at every step in your admirable methods of analysis, of synthesis and of deduction. I avail myself of them to rout the pernicious ruses of my mortal enemy, to attack skilfully in my turn, and to plunge into man's viscera a keen dagger which will remain buried forever in his body; it is a wound from which he will never rise. You communicate logic to me which is as the soul itself of your instructions, full of wisdom ; and with its syllogisms whose complicated labyrinth is but the more comprehensible, my intelligence feels its audacious forces increased to double. By the help of this terrible auxiliary, by swimming into the very depths and in the face of the reef of hatred. I discover in humanity black and hideous malevolence which admiring its navel squats in harmful miasmas. First I discover in the darknesses of his entrails, this accursed vice, evil! superior in him to the good. With this poisoned weapon which you lend me, I make the Creator himself descend from his pedestal constructed by man's cowardice. He gnashes his teeth and endures the ignomy of the insult, for he has for adversary one stronger than himself. But I pass him by like a bundle of threads, in order to lower my flight. Descartes the thinker once made the reflection that nothing solid had been based upon you. It was an ingenious fashion of making understood that the first comer could not immediately dis - cover your inestimable value. Actually, what can be more solid than the three principal qualities, already enumerated, which rise enlaced like a single crown upon the sacred summit of your colossal architec - ture ? Monument which daily discoveries in your diamond mines and scientific exploitation in your superb realms ceaselessly magnify. O sainted mathematics, may you by your perpetual intercourse, 214 console the remainder of my days for the malice of man and the in - justice of the Arch-All. listen to my childish thoughts on awakening, mankind of the red penis. I am just awake but my mind is still bemused. Every morning I feel a weight on my head. Rarely do I find repose in the night, for when I manage to fall asleep frightful dreams torment me. In the day, my thought tires itself in curious imaginings, while my eyes wander at hazard through space; and at night, I cannot sleep. When then, must I sleep ? Yet nature has need to reclaim its rights. Since I disdain her, she pales my face and makes my eyes glitter with the sharp flame of fever. For the rest I ask nothing better than not to exhaust my spirit in continual meditations, but even do I not so wish, my astounded feelings draw me irresistably towards this slope. I have observed that other children are like myself ; but they are still more pale, and their eyebrows are knit like those of men, our elder brothers. O Creator of the Universe, this morn I will not fail to offer up to you the incense of my infantile prayer. Sometimes I forget, and I have noticed that on those days I feel happier than usual; my chest freed from all constraint expands and more at my ease I breathe in the balmy air of the fields ; while, when, ordered by my parents, I perform the painful duty of daily addressing to you a song of praise, accompanied by the insepar - able boredom caused by the difficult invention, for the rest of the day I am sad and irritable since it seems neither logical nor natural to say what I do not think, and I seek the retreat of immense soli - tudes. Do I ask them the explanation of this strange state of my soul, they do not reply. I want to love and adore you, but you are too powerful, and there is fear in my hymns. If by a single manifes - tation of your thought you can destroy or create worlds, my feeble prayers are useless to you ; or if when you please you send cholera to ravage cities, or death to carry off in its claws the four ages of man without any distinction. I do not want to bind myself to so formidable a friend. Not that hatred guides the thread of my reas - ons, but on the contrary I am afraid of your hatred which by some 215 capricious order, may issue from your haart to become immense as the wing-spread of the Andean condor. Your equivocal amuse - ments are outside my grasp and I would probably be the first vic - tim. You are the Almighty; I do not dispute this title since you alone have the right to bear it, and since your desires with their evil or happy results are bounded only by yourself. That is pre - cisely why it would be painful for me to walk beside your cruel sap - phire tunic, not as a slave, but at any moment liable to become one. It is true that, when you descend within yourself to question your sovereign behaviour, should the phantom of a past injustice against miserable humanity which obeyed you always as your most faithful friend erect before you the motionless vertebrae of a venge - ful backbone your haggard eye lets fall the frightened tear of tardy remorse ; and with hair on end you think you will take a sincere resolution to forever suspend on the brambles of nothingness the in - conceivable amusements of your tigerish imagination ; which were it not so dreadful would be merely funny. But I know also that con - stancy has not fixed the harpoon of its eternal lodging like a tenacious marrow in your bones, and that often enough you and your thoughts covered with the black leprosy of error fall into the funereal lake of sombre curses. I want to think that these are unconscious (though they none the less contain the fatal venom) and that good and evil, united together, in impetuous gushes flow from your gangrenous royal chest as by the secret charm of a blind force the torrent from the rock; but nothing furnishes me the proof. Too often have I seen your foul teeth clash with anger and your sacred face covered with the moss of time, redden like a glowing coal because of some microscopic futility done by man to be able to stop for long before the sign post of this silly hypothesis. Every day, with joined hands, since it is necessary, I will raise the modula - tions of my earnest prayers towards you, but I beg that your provi - dence will not think of me but leave me on one side, like the worm crawling underground. Know that I would rather feed vora - ciously on the marine plants of unknown and savage isles, washed 216 in on the spumy bosoms of the tropical waves of such latitudes, than know that you watch me and that you probe your grinning scal - pel in my conscience. It reveals completely my thoughts and I hope your prudence will easily praise the good sense of which it holds the ineffaceable imprint. Apart from these reservations on the kind of relation, more or less intimate, which I must keep with you, my mouth is ready, no matter at what hour of the day, to exhale like an artificial breath, the flood of lies your vanity severely exacts from every human, from the moment when the blueish dawn rises, seeking the light in the satin folds of the before dawn, as I seek good - ness, incited by a love of good. My years are not many, and yet I feel already that goodness is but a collection of sonorous syllables ; I have not found it anywhere. You allow your character to show too much ;it must be hidden more skilfully. For the rest, perhaps I deceive myself and you do it on purpose, since you know better than another how to behave. Man himself makes it his glory to imitate you; that is why sacred goodness does not recognise its tabernacle in their fierce eyes ; like father, like son. What may be thought of your intelligence, I but speak as an impartial critic. I do not ask better than to have been led into error. I do not desire to show you the hatred I bear you and that I brood lovingly over like a cher - ished daughter, for it's better to hide it from your eyes, and before you to bear only the appearance of a severe censor, ordered to con - trol your impure actions. Thus you will cease all active commerce with him, will forget him and destroy completely this voracious flea who gnaws your liver. I prefer rather that you hear dreamy and mild words... Yes, it is you who have created the earth and all it holds. You are perfect. In no virtue are you lacking. You are very mighty, everyone knows it. I,et the whole universe intone your eternal chant through every hour of time. The birds praise you and in the country take their flight. The stars belong to you. So be it! After such beginnings, are you surprised to find me what I am ! Comte de Lautréamont [To be continued) (Translated by John Rodker) 217 CORNBREAD AND EYES I. When the candle dies, Darkness will rush in, Like wolves Upon a carcass. 2. Before a tree may learn to stand, It first must walk the fields And mountains In a seed. David Rosenthal 218 OBSERVATIONS ON RETURNING TO THE REMNANTS OF CIVILIZATION Politicians seem to have such a dislike for the civilization which has created them that for three years they have been insisting that the peace shall be ten times deadlier than the war. They have made life so obnoxious that everybody who could move, moved, among others myself, who ask only to be allowed to sit still with a pen in my hand and a thought or two in my brain. I moved, I think, because I have no taste for murder and count even politicians human. There was nothing for it but to leave them to do their worst in their insistence that so - ciety shall not transcend the eighteenth century, Rousseau, Jefferson, Adam Smith. The novelist's occupation is gone when social values are thrown on the scrap heap, for there is only one thing more dreary and disgusting than the anar - chic individual and that is the anarchic mob. Given leave most horribly to " have a good time ", the mob has been reduced to a state of hysterical boredom, in which art and culture, the fine flower of civilization, have disappeared. All kinds of dismally clever people sit in cafes and discuss the no longer existent art and achieve a certain excitement in talking over the defiant gestures of the wild men like D. H. Lawrence and James Joyce, yelling execration in their impotence and screaming " Yah! " at the sterility of the very persons who most applaud them. Joyce writes perfectly until he pulls the plug. Lawrence with his sensuous tactile apprehension of things achieves marvels until he has to deal with human beings, when he yells with rage at them because they are interfering with his pleasure in picking flowers. But art ? But literature ? Well, well, we 11... It is annoying that there is nothing Gothic about a grain elevator, since we have been taught that Gothic architecture is beautiful. It is distressing that the man in the subway in New York is not at all like a Shakesperean or a Rabe - laisian or a Cervantic character. But is there any reason to be so angry that we must refuse to look at the grain elevator or the man in the subway ? The difficulty is only one of temper. People built Gothic cathedrals because they wanted to, grain elevators because they had to, and if you can only keep your temper long enough to think it out, you will begin to appreciate that there may be something in the point that of the two the grain elevator has the greater chance of being beautiful. Being a matter of necessity, it has to take the simplest, most econom - ical form. The element of caprice is ruled out until such time as, having perceived that it is beautiful, we can begin to play with it and enjoy ourselves with it. That, however, is a long way off, because we have not yet reached the stage of 219 seeing that it need not necessarily be ugly because it is not a Gothic cathedral. Cathedrals also began as a necessity since men had a need of meeting somewhere, and took meeting as seriously as we have to take the transportation of grain. Monstrosities are produced when the element of necessity is forgotten in order to hog it in the element of caprice. This hogging has been the European concep - tion of art in the asphyxiated generation 1880-1910 which is the only begetter of the war and the Peace. A generation which produced anything so prepo - sterous must have forgotten the element of necessity altogether, and certainly in things intellectual and aesthetic it has left us nothing but caprice, a banquet of meringues crushed by having been sat upon by broad-beamed merchants and financiers, not to speak of generals. Well, well, we 11... There is no point in being angry about it. It is not worth while to waste words in protestation. It is impossible to eat meringues when you are hungry, and therefore the question of the quality of the meringue does not arise. We have to take the world as we find it and learn not to quarrel with the Hudson ferry because Raphael's technique can make no spiritual record of it. Our brains and our sensibilities are pitted against steel and what men equipped with steel have made of themselves and the earth they live on and by. Can we or can we not make a spiritual record of it ? That is the problem for the artist, since only the artist is fine enough and tough enough to solve it. Iyoss of temper argues lack of fineness, lack of toughness. Joyce quarrels with the job because Par - nell is dead : rages against the job because England did not stop short at Cromwell: almost everybody is disgusted with the human race because, hav - ing invented steel, men will go on experimenting with it. The old gentlemen of Europe would have it that steel was only good for killing off the younger genera - tion and maintained a meaningless war to prove their contention, but their war only aggravated the. production of steel and men's understanding of it and the welcome change it brought about in their mentality. The old gentlemen cannot change, but the young men and the young women have changed willy-nilly : whether for the better or worse makes no matter. The change is there, and the art production of the future depends upon the use made of it. That art is not likely to amount to much if we begin by abuse. There is no sense in saying that the old gentlemen owe us something for the young life they have thrown away. The old gentlemen don't acknowledge the debt and couldn't pay it if they did. The loss is ours ;we can only cut it. As long as the European eye goes on looking for the Gothic cathedral in the grain elevator or for Hamlet in the man in the subway we are not likely to get much forward. London, Paris and Berlin make us hope for something from the American eye, but the American, so far as I can make out, says : " Ah—it (Art)! Hell! Nothing ! " and leaves it to the camera which, having no miseducated 220 brain behind it, records the grain elevator as a grain elevator and the man in the subway as a man in the subway and hey ! both are shown to be wonderful, both new and old, actual and mythical, credible and incredible and therefore lovely. What more do you want ? Why all these tortures and cursings and groanings and abstractions and attempts to intellectualize an autobus into some resemblance to a representation of the Ark of the Israelites in a Byzantine mosaic ? What on earth have the Byzantines to do with it ? Either you see the grain elevator and the man in the subway and the fat old Jewess going to Cannes or you don't. If you do, then you can deal with the matter in terms of paint, or words, or music, or stage-craft or whatever it is you understand. Or perhaps you don't understand anything, in which case, you had better find a job and leave the engineer to go 011 building grain elevators and the man in the subway to produce children who will have natural subway thoughts and no longer be tormented because the train does not clash and clatter its way along to the metre of Longfellow's Evangeline. Why should it ? The train also does not suffer from a miseducated brain. It is driven along by the intelligence and energy of human beings to the destruction of a generation so lethargic that it hates both intelligence and energy and would rather be gutted and destroyed than admire the potency and potentiality of either. The modern artist seems to me to spend his life in grumbling, because he cannot make books or pictures or sonatas of the forms that are thrust on him from every side. Why not ?He grumbles because these forms are not the forms to which his predecessors were accustomed. But is he so sure of that ? Has he really taken the trouble to understand his predecessors ? Has he- looked beneath their conventions (a matter of custom and manners) to their convictions and their conceptions ? In Blake and Cezanne he will find over and over again the forms that the engineers, without any pretence to aesthetics (thank God !) have created in their machines and dynamos and bridges. Let him then turn to the drawings of old masters and then study the dynamics of any good poem or say a Greek tragedy. Form is form yesterday, today, tomorrow, and really it almost looks as though the true grievance of the artists is that their monopoly has been broken and the confounded engineers and scientists are taking form down into the life of the common people to warm it up and make it human and intel - ligible. They have warmed iron up into steel. The result is disconcerting enough , but what is going to happen when they have warmed up the rough ore of the human mind ? For that is going on in Europe and America: and it seems to me most odd that the people most violently up in arms against the experiment are the artists and of the artists the more advanced. Perhaps they are the first to feel the intense heat of the crucible and think mother ought to go first. Place aux dames! 221 Meanwhile, however, artists or no artists, the experiment goes forward. Whole populations move and keep on moving, sinking into the rhythm the beat of the machines that move them, waiting for the rhythm and the beat to produce the tickling sensation of the birth of a new way of thinking and feeling and the artists curse and say they don't know how they are going to make a living. No - body does. It is assumed that the right application of steel will produce more grain and ore from the earth, enough to pay for more steel and so on and so on. That is the great equation of modern life and it is roughly understood by every - body. No one can stop it: no one wants to stop it, and if only the artists would learn to be good tempered about it, it would not be long before we should have produced some sort of order out of our present chaos, which is the result of attempt - ing to live dynamic lives with static ideas. When it comes to a direct conflict between the two, the ideas will go to the wall since ideas for which life is too strong are worthless. Your unthinking man will argue from that that all ideas are worthless, and go on his heedless rascally way. Your thinking man, your sensi - tive man, your artist, on the other hand, must have ideas from which to choose his own creative idea and in such a time as this his whole existence is pitted against the destructiveness of life. Iyet him not argue about it, let him not rail, let him engage in the production of beauty, and life is powerless. He need not formulate his idea, but he must work with it. I v et him work then, and he bears a charm against corruption and disaster. More than this : if he does not work, no one else can. If he does not see, everyone else is blind :if he does not hear, everyone else is deaf ;if he does not speak, everyone else is dumb. The artist is first and last a workman, obedient to necessity and only in the extreme stress of responsi - bility delighting in caprice. The decadent amusement called ART was all caprice. It is as dead as the Encyclopedia Britannica. There is nothing to be said about it and to declaim against it is waste of breath. It was always more the decoration of barbarism than the expression of civilization which is to be defined in the four letters work. Work carried to a certain pitch of intensity becomes art, un - mistakable, powerful, radio-active. That intensity is beginning to appear in the engineer's use of steel, the common material of every day life, and from that I argue, as I pick my way among the rags and ruins of Europe, that it will ap - pear again in the use of words and paint and other materials of the life of the mind: not however, so long as we are cursed with the prevalent looking away from or beyond life in the desperate endeavour to become interesting by dint of being — amusing. One has to dare to be dull as one fumbles with one's material. Time enough for being amusing when that is mastered and brought into relation with such conditions as life has to offer. The people are excited enough, God knows : let the artist be quiet, and let him work. Gilbert Cannan Drawing Henri Matisse 223 THE PAINTER CHARACTERS The Painter — Little Maurice Parchemin — Mrs. Parchemin — August Fi,aneu,e — Glucose — Two policemen. Scene :— An anteroom. To the left, a door. Opposite, a window, a large mirror hung on the wall, a door.. To the right, &lt;2 door. A book on the table. The painter is painting a door red. Enter a little boy immaculately dressed in white. He approaches the painter and watches him paint. The Painter. What is your name. The Boy. Maurice Parchemin. (Silence) And you ? The Painter. That's mine too. The Boy. It isn't true. The Painter. It isn't true? [Silence). You are right. He paints the boy's face red. The little boy goes out crying. The Painter goes on painting. Enter Mrs t Parchemin (28 years old) and little Maurice Parchemin, his face washed&gt; Mrs. Parchemin. Sir, you are a scoundrel. What is your name ? The Painter. Maurice Parchemin. Mrs. Parchemin. It isn't true. The Painter. It isn't true? 'He paints both their faces red. Mrs. Parchemin and the boy go out crying. The Painter goes on painting. The bell rings. He goes to open the door. A Young Man (20 years old). Mr. Parchemin? The Painter. Ah, it is you ! The Young Man. I don't know you, sir. I wish to see Mr. Parchemin. He holds out a visiting card. The Painter, taking the card, He is dead. The Young Man. Are you sure of that ? The Painter. I killed him myself. The Young Man. Then, I should like to see the widow Parchemin and her little son, Maurice Parchemin. The Painter. Go away, young man. The Young Man. All right, I'll go. The Painter goes on painting. The bell rings. The painter goes right on painting. The bell rings. The Painter goes to open the door. The Painter. Who are you ? 224 The Young Man. Don't you recognize me ? The Painter. Yes. The Young Man. You are a murderer. The Painter. Yes. The Young Man. A thief, perhaps. The Painter. Yes. The Young Man. Give me back my visiting card. The Painter gives him a visiting card. The Young Man. This card isn't mine. It says : Mr. Glucose, dental surgeon, 31 rue de la Gaiete. My name is August Flanelle. He throws Mr. Glucose s card away. The Painter, pushing him out. Good day, Mr. Glucose. Fi,ANEi,irE, behind the door. My name is Flanelle. The Painter. Glucose. Fi,ANEU,E. Flanelle. For a few minutes they keep up the same tune: Glucose, Flanelle, Glucose, Flanelle. Then the Painter goes back to his painting. A stone hurled from outside breaks one of the window-panes. August Flanelle is heard crying : Flanelle. The Painter opens the window and shouts back at him : Flanelle. The Painter closes the window- and goes on painting. Enter Mrs. Parchemin and little Maurice Parchemin. Mrs. Parchemin. After what has happened you can remain here no longer : leave at once. The Painter goes on painting. The Boy. My mother told you to leave. The Painter, taken aback. Do you absolutely insist that this door be green. Mrs. Parchemin. I want it to be red, red, red, Maurice Parchemin, Why, mamma ? Mrs. Parchemin. You will know later, child. The Painter. This door is a nice green. Mrs. Parchemin. You are making fun of us. Again I ask you to leave. The Painter. This door is just as you wanted it. It is green. Mrs. Parchemin. Ah ! Good Heavens, You have killed my husband. She faints. The boy runs away } frightened. The Painter, stretching himself out alongside of her. Isn't it green, green, green . . . green . . . green. Mrs. Parchemin, coming out of her faint. You are right. You are right, Mr. Maurice Parchemin. The door is green. 225 The Painter, embracing her. I love you Anatalie- I love you Ana - talie... Steps are heard. Mrs. Parchemin, trying to extricate herself. Did you hear that ? The Painter, holding on to her. Anatalie. Mrs. Parchemin. me go. I am afraid. She runs away. There is a ring. The Painter goes to open the door. The Painter. Who are you ? Glucose. Mr. Glucose. The Painter. He has just left. Glucose. Oh, no. I am Mr. Glucose. The Painter. Come in Enter Mr. Glucose. He has a black beard. The Painter. Have a seat. Glucose. Do you read the papers ? The Painter. Yes I read all the papers. Glucose. All the papers ? The Painter. All of them. Glucose. That is all I wanted to know. He moves toward the door, blows a little whistle, The door opens* Two policemen enter. Glucose, to the policemen. Do your duty. The policemen handcuff the Painter. The Painter. Don't do something you will be sorry for, August Flanelle. Glucose. That isn't my name. The Painter. August Flanelle, as surely as this door is green .. . Glucose. It is red. The Policemen. Red, red, red. The Painter. And as my name is Maurice Parchemin. Glucose. But you are called The Painter. The Painter. Since you know better than I do, I'll go with you. Glucose. Pardon me. What did you mean by that ? The Painter, to the policemen. Do your duty. The policemen do not budge. Glucose. Did you hear ? The policemen do not budge. Glucose. Fine fellows, you are ! Waiting for me to give the order my - self, Well, do your duty. Come on. Ihe Policemen never budge. I hey notice the visiting card that Au - gust Flanelle dropped as he went out: 226 MR. Glucose Dental Surgeon 31, me de la Gaite, Paris. then silently they free the Painter of his bonds. Glucose. You rascals ! What are you doing ? The policemen go out backward. Just as they are about to close the door, they stick their heads in and shout. The Policemen. Dental Surgeon, Dental vSurgeon ! Glucose. This is too much. The Painter, declaiming. August Flanelle . . . Glucose. There you go again. My name is Glucose ! The Painter. You are right. He paints his face red. Glucose goes out crying. The Painter goes on painting. Mrs. Parchemin, entering. Has nothing happened to you ? The Painter. No. Mrs. Parchemin. liar, Liar, Liar. The Painter. Anatalie, I swear to you that nothing happened to me. Mrs. Parchemin. I heard everything through the keyhole. The Painter. Ha. Ha. Mrs. Parchemin. I saw everything through the keyhole. The Painter. Ha. Ha. Mrs. Parchemin. You are a murderer. The Painter. Let me go on with my work. Mrs. Parchemin. Monster ! I was beginning to love you. The Painter ! Oh ... The Painter. If I had painted this door red, eh Mrs. Parchemin ? Mrs. Parchemin runs away, frightened. The Painter goes on paint - ing. There is a ring. The Painter. Come in Mr. Glucose. August Flanelle, entering. My name is Flanelle. The Painter goes on painting. August Flanelle. I would like to see the widow Parchemin and little Maurice Parchemin, her son. The Painter. That's me. August Flanelle. What did you say ? The Painter. I am the widow Parchemin and her little son, Maurice Parchemin. August Flanelle. Enough. Enough. Enough . . . Enough ! The Painter goes back to his painting. 227 August Sir, I came for the apartment. The Painter, surprised. You should have said that in the first place. He opens the door and gives a long whistle. Enter Mrs. Parchemin carrying her dead son in her arms. Mrs. Parchemin, The Painter, together. Phew —ew— ew — ew . . . They all go off separately and sit in the three corners of the room looking at each other silently. Mrs. Parchemin. My son is dead. (To the Painter) It is you who killed him. The Painter. What did you say ? Mrs. Parchemin. little Maurice Parchemin is dead. You killed him. Murderer. Murderer. Murderer. 7he Painter plants himself before the mirror, paints his face red and goes out weeping. August Flaneixe. Alone, at last. Mrs. Parchemin, to Flanelle. Sir, will you please tell me what you mean by that. August Fi,aneixe. Anatalie .. . Mrs. Parchemin. How dare you, August Flanelle .. . Feaneixe. I love you. Mrs. Parchemin. Go away, sir. Flanelle plants himself in front of the mirror and. makes believe he - is going to paint his face red. He does nothing of the sort. Instead, he paints the picture of Mrs. Parchemin on the mirror. Mrs. Parchemin rises. Little Maurice Parchemin rolls on the floor, revives and runs aivay as fast as he can. She-fails into the arms of August Flanelle. Mrs. Parchemin. How you love me ! Fi,aneeee. Yes. He kisses her. Mrs. Parchemin. The palm trees. Feaneeee. Yes. He kisses her. Mrs. Parchemin. The strawberry ice-cream. Feaneeee. Yes. He kisses her. Mrs. Parchemin. Mrs. Tiroir. The ugly gown. Feaneeee. Yes. He kisses her. 228 Mrs. Parchemin. The cabman. FivANEixE. Yes. He kisses her. Mrs. Parchemin. Number 25 rue des Saints-P£res. Fi,ANETJ&lt;E. Yes. He kisses her. Mrs. Parchemin. All naked. Yes. He kisses her. A long whistle is heard. The Painter appears, a terrible sight. His beard disheveled. A wet sponge in his hand. It is evident that he has just been shaving his beard. The Painter, seeing the silhouette of Mrs. Parchemin on the glass. Thank you. (He throws the sponge at the drawing. Silence). The Painter, oratorically. Please sign your work, young man. August Flanelle touches up the portrait where it had been erased' by the sponge and signs it in large trembling letters : August Fi,aneu,e The Painter. Bravo ! He tears off his beard and his blouse, Mrs. Parchemin. Heavens! My husband. Mr. Parchemin. Mr. Parchemin. Here is the book of poems you asked me for the other night at Madame L,etapis\ You may retire, Mr. Glucose. FiyANEiyivE. Mr. Flanelle. Mr. Parchemin. Mr. Flanelle August Flanelle retires. Mr. Parchemin to Mrs. Parchemin. And now here we are. He grabs her by the hair, Mr. Parchemin. Adulteress I (He kicks her) Murderess ! (Screaming) Your child, our child ! What have you done with my child ? Enter little Maurice Parchemin, carrying a calendar: July 14 Tuesday St. Anatalie He sings : Dear mother Today is your birthday 229 Papa told me You were far away. Mrs. Parchemin. The dear child. Mr. Parchemin, softening. The dear little fellow. Mr. and Mrs. Parchemin vie with each other in fondling their child. Their lips meet and remain in a kiss for a moment. There is a ring. The Painter, maddened. Come in Mr. Flanelle ! Enter Glucose, carrying a large box ; he has a blond beard. Glucose. Mr. Parchemin ? Mr. Parchemin. That's me. Glucose. I am Mr. Glucose. Here is the object. Mr. Parchemin. The prison ? GiyUCOSE. No, the tooth. The box opens of itself and discloses a gold tooth. Mr. Parchemin, revealing himself and bowing to Mrs. Parchemin. Happy birthday, Madame. (To Mr. Glucose). Can you tell me why you are blond? Glucose, I have always been blond. Mr. Parchemin. Always ? Glucose. Always. Silence. Mr. Parchemin, oratorically. Mr. Glucose, you have been a party to a most disgraceful farce. Glucose. I have but followed your instructions to the letter, Mr. Par - chemin. Mr. Parchemin. Enough of that. Will you repair the evil you have wrought in this household. Glucose. But Mr. Parchemin, was it not you who called me, payed me, ordered me ? Mr. Parchemin. Be still. You can never be redeemed in the eyes of Mrs. Parchemin, of myself and of little Maurice Parchemin, our son, until you have painted that door green. Here is the brush and the paint. Gi/ucose. Do you absolutely want that door to be red ? Mr. Parchemin. No, I want it green, green, green .. . Mrs. Parchemin. Green, green, green. Little Maurice Parchemin. Why, mamma ? Mrs. Parchemin. You will know later, my child. Roger Vitrac (Translated from the French by M. J.) Drawing Henri Matisse. Henri Matisse. Drawing 232 TATLIN’S MONUMENT TO THE THIRD INTERNATIONAL The magic word in modern Russian art: Construction. Construction and not composition, teaches the new Gospel. Why? Because composition is inspired by the past, looks toward the past, and therefore, belongs to the past; because composition means ornamentation, decoration, romanticism, prettiness ; because composition stands apart from life, serves as illusion to exhausted mentality, acts as stimulant to enervated organism. And construction ? Construction is inspired by what is most characteristic of our epoch: in - dustry, machinery, science. Construction borrows the methods and makes use of the materials common in the technical processes. Hence iron, glass, concrete, circle, triangle, cube, cylinder, synthetically combined with mathematical preci - sion and structural logic. Construction scorns prettiness, seeks strength, clar - ity, simplicity, acts as stimulus to a vigorous life. Thus exegetics. Tatlin is the leading Russian artist-constructor and his monument to the Third International is one of his best works — certainly one that occasioned the greatest controversy in Russia. A great admirer of Tatlin, N. Punin (to whom this note is indebted for part of its data) considers the creation of the monument an event of international importance. In 1919, the Art Section of the People's Commissariat of Education commis - sioned Tatlin to prepare projects for a monument to the Third International. After a year and a half's work, drawings and a model were ready for exhibition and examination at the Eight All-Russian Congress of Soviets. Tatlin and his assistants were there in person, explaining the work to the various Soviet Repre - sentatives assembled from all parts of Russia, thus disseminating the Gospel of construction over a wide area. The monument purports to embody creative and utilitarian aims and to synthetize sculpture, painting, architecture, and engineering. It is to be con - structed of glass and iron, two building materials characteristic]of today (curiously enough no concrete is considered). Modern building materials introduce essen- Tatlin’s Monument 234 tial changes into the practices and principles of architecture. Iron though extremely resistent can be cast and moulded to any required shape. This makes the cohesion and solidity of a building independent of the formerly rigid load - and-support relation. The strength of iron allows the distribution or concen - tration of the load, the building of slanting or circular walls. Wide utilization of glass transforms the problem of lighting. The monument of Tatlin has been planned with full knowledge of these changes in architecture. When completed, the monument will measure four hundred meters in height. It will be built in the form of a huge iron spiral leaning at an angle of forty-five degress and enclosing three stories all made of glass. The first story will be a gigantic rotating cube making one revolution a year. This is intended for legislative sessions of Soviet representatives from the whole earth. The second story, somewhat smaller, will be a pyramid, likewise rotating but making one revolution a month. This is to serve for executive ses - sions of the Soviets. The third story, the smallest of all, will be a cylinder making a revolution every day. It is to be used as a center of information. Why these different velocities ? Cosmic symbolism perhaps (romanticism slipping in by a back door) ; earth moving around in (year), moon around earth (month), earth on its own axis (day). Desired temperature, both summer and - winter, will be maintained by an immense thermos enclosing the three stories. Communication between the stories and the world outside will be carried by means of a complicated electric apparatus. A wireless station will be install - ed on the top of the monument. It is not to be forgotten that the monument to the Third International ex - ists only as a project. With the limited means at the disposal of Soviet Russia, the execution of the project is postponed far into the future — to say the least. The Philistine enemies of constructive art dare calmly to maintain that the erection of the monument is a engineering feat altogether beyond possibilities of realization. To which the faithful retort with the story of the telegraph, the aeroplane etc. A weary exercise. Louis Lozowick 235 THE AESTHETIC OF THE MACHINE AND MECHANICAL INTROSPECTION IN ART. In the aesthetic phenomenon of the evolution of the plastic arts the neces - sity of considering the Machine and Mechanical elements as new symbols of aesthetic inspiration has not been sufficiently taken into account. i. Precursors. We Futurists were the first to understand the marvellous mystery of inspi - ration which machines possess with their own mechanical world. In fact, Marinetti in his first Manifesto on the Foundation of Futurism pu - blished in the Figaro in 1909 stated : " We shall chant the vibrant nocturnal fer - vour of the arsenals and ship-yards lit with their violent electric moons, the brid - ges like giant gymnasts striding the rivers, the daring steamers that nose the hori - zons, the full-breasted locomotives that prance on the rails like enormous iron horses bridled with tubes, the gliding flight of the aeroplanes whose screw flutters in the wind like a flag or seems to applaud like an enthusiastic mob. The rac - ing automobile with its explosive breath and its great serpent-like tubes crawl - ing over the bonnet — an automobile that whizzes like a volley from a machine - gun is more beautiful than the victory of Samothrace." From the appearance of the first Futurist Manifesto of Marinetti up there has been a ceaseless searching and questioning in the field of art. Boccioni in his book, Futurist Sculpture and Painting (1914) stated that the era of the great mechanical individualities has begun ; that all the rest is paleontology. Luigi Russolo (in 1913) with his invention of the noise-makers constructed new mechan - ical instruments to give value to the new musical sounds inspired by noise, while Luciano Folgore in his poem the Chant of the Motors (1914) exalted the mechan - ical beauty of workshops and the overpowering lyricism of machines. Later, in my manifesto entitled Absolute Constructions in Motion-Noise (1915), I revealed by means of new plastic constructions the unknown constructive virtues of the mechanical aesthetic. While the painter Gino Severini confirmed by means of an admirable theoretical essay in the Mercure de France (1916) the theory that " the process of the construction of a machine is analogous to the constructive process of a work of art. " This Futurist exaltation of ours for the new era of the machines crossed the Italic frontier and awoke echoes among the Dutch, the Russian, the Germans and the Spanish. 236 Fernand Leger recently declared his paintings to be concerned with the love of those forms created by modern industry and the clash of the thousand coloured and persuasive reflections of the so called classical subjects. Guillermo de Torre, the daring Spanish poet and founder of the Ultraist movement, announced in his manifesto " Vertical" in 1918 the forthcoming epoch of the new spatial and mechanical world. Today we see a new tendency manifest itself at the recent international Artists Congress of Diisseldorf. This is the movement of the " Constructionists " as exemplified in the works of the Russian, Dutch, German, Scandinavian and Roumanian painters, among whom we may note Theo Van Doesburg, Richter, Lissitzky, Kggelin and Janco. The Constructionists, though they take as their starting point an extremely clear theory, announcing the constructive exalta - tion of the Machine, become inconsistent in the application of their doctrine, confusing exterior form with spiritual content. We today — without ignoring the attempts that have been made in the course of the last years by ourselves and certain Futurist friends of ours — in - tend to reasume and synthetize all that which has been expressed individually and incidentally in order to arrive at completer and more concrete results; in order to be able to realize more fully new aesthetic values in the field of the plastic arts. Our experience has convinced us of the truth of certain of our plastic truths and has allowed us to perceive the errors that lie in others. OLD AND NEW SYMBOLS In the history of art throughout the ages the symbols and elements of in - spiration have been suggested to us by the ancient legends and classic myths created by modern imagination. Today, therefore, where can we look for more contingent inspiration than among the new symbols which are no longer the creation of the imagination or the fantasy but of human genius ? * Is not the machine today the most exuberant symbol of the mystery of human creation ? Is it not the new mythical deity which weaves the legends and histories of the contemporary human drama ? The Machine in its practical and material function comes to have today in human concepts and thoughts the significance of an ideal and spiritual inspiration. The artist can only pin his faith to the realities contingent on his own life or on those elements of expression which spiritualize the atmosphere he breathes. The elements and the plastic symbols of the Machine are inevitably much nearer to us (materially and spiritually) than any symbol of the past can be : symbols as such as a god Pan, the taking down from the Cross or the Assumption of the Virgin, etc. The logic, therefore, of aesthetic verities becomes self-evident, 237 and develops parallelly with the spirit of the times which seeks to contemplate, live and identify itself with reality itself. The aesthetic of the Machine and Mechanical Introspection We today, after having sung and exalted the suggestive inspirational force of The Machine - after having by means of the first plastic works of the new school fixed our plastic sensations and emotions, see now the outlines of the new aesthe - tic of The Machine appearing on the horizon like a fly wheel all fiery from Eternal Motion. We therefore Proclaim 1. The Machine to be the tutelary symbol of the universal dynamism, potentially embodying in itself the essential elements of human creation : the discoverer of fresh developments in modern aesthetics. 2. The aesthetic virtues of the machine and the metaphysical meaning of its motions and movements constitute the new fount of inspiration for the evo - lution and development of contemporaneous plastic arts. 3. The plastic exaltation of The Machine and the mechanical elements must not be conceived in their exterior reality, that is in formal representations of the elements which make up The Machine itself, but rather in the plastic - mechanical analogy that The Machine suggests to us in connection with various spiritual realities. 4. The stylistic modifications of Mechanical Art arise from The Machine - as-interferential-element. 5. The machine marks the rhythm of human psychology and beats the time for our spiritual exaltations. Therefore it is inevitable and consequent to the evolution of the plastic arts of our day. Enrico Prampolini (Translated by E. S.) r Issue a Tiool^ A REMARKABLY GOOD BOOK does not publish anything which is not worthy of perpetua- tion in book form. It does not bother with ephemera. Each month The Dial prints the significant work ot the creative minds of the world in fiction, poetry, and tne essay. In addition it affords a complete critical survey of books, music, art, and the theatre — in short, a critical compte rendue of what the intelligent world is doing and thinking. The Dial publishes only the art and the literature by which our generation here and abroad will be remembered. Its contents, therefore, like those of the best book, possess per- manency and distinction. Incidentally, The Dial is as well printed as typographical experts and skilled craftsmen can make it. Good book paper designed especially for per- manency is used throughout. Every issue of The Dial, then, is a book — and there are twelve of them a year. A good book costs from two dollars up. We will send you twelve issues of The Dial, and in addition, a good book selected from among the best output of the past season, in all the equivalent of thirteen superla- tive, contemporary books, for $5.00 the price of a year's subscription to The Dial alone Your choice of one of die following books free with a year's subscription ($5.00) : AARON'S ROD, by D. H. Lawrence AND EVEN NOW, by Max Beerbohm MARIA CHAPDELAINE, by Louis Hemon SELECTED POEMS, by William Butler Yeats THE ENORMOUS ROOM, by E. E. Cummings MR WADDINGTON OF WYCK, by May Sinclair CIVILIZATION IN THE UNITED STATES, by thirty well-known American writers Please send The Dial for one year and a copy of the following book to: Name Address BOOK I enclose $5.00. Q I will remit $5.00 on receipt of your bill. THE DIAL 152 West 13th Street, New York City B-9-22 " It is the best literary magazine ever set up in America H. L. Mencken. The Literary Review OF THE New York Evening Post Edited by Henry Seidel Canby IHERE are twenty thousand books published in English every year. We shall not attempt to estimate how many in the va- rious European languages. Who sorts them for you? Whose judg- ment can you trust? Can you be sure that you know what books you want? The Literary Review, a weekly magazine for booklovers is answering these questions for many discriminating readers. It is also solving the three great problems of reviewing: complete independence of criticism; the right and expert reviewer for every book; interest and comprehensiveness. If you read or study, teach or write; if you think about books or talk about them, you can afford to share in th is attempt to estab- lish a standard of criticism. A subscription is $2.50 a year, or we shall be glad to send The Lit- erary Review on five months' trial for $ 1.00. The Literary Review, 20 Vesey Street, New York. ni j rpj j , n - c S one year for $2.50 I I enclose the required Please send me The Literary Review for j fiye J onths fof $,0Q j amount Name Address Ernesto FraTONI, Gerente responsabile. Printed in Italy by «I/Universelle» Imprimerie Polyglotte — Roma BROOM MOVES TO BERLIN The next number of "Broom" will be printed in Berlin. Its address in future will be: BROOM, Schickler Strasse 5, Berlin, Germany. We have been able to make arrangements with one of the best printing houses and reproducers in Europe, and we can promise our readers that on the technical side, and especially in the matter of reproductions, the high standard of the existent BROOM will not only be maintained, but surpassed. Because of the superior technical facilities of our new plant, the magnifi- cent photographs of machinery executed by Paul Strand and announced for the October BROOM, have been postponed until the November number, although they had been planned to accompany the article on Robert Coady by Sanborn and the Machinery cover designed by Enrico Prampolini. The line drawings of Henri Matisse, originally destined for November, have been substituted in their stead. It is hoped that there will be no delay or other confusion consequent on BROOM'S removal. AN OASIS Of spirits choice the rookery Such is the cozy Bookery. 'Twill rest your soul, this soothing place Where range the brains of the human race. THE BOOKERY 14 West 47th Street, New York City Books on sexology and psychoanalysis. FRANK SHAY'S INTERNATIONAL BOOK SHOP NEW YORK LONDON PARIS Among the Contributors to No- vember " BROOM " are : Louis Aragon James Daly Feodor Dostoievsky Matthew Josephson Gomte de Lautr6amont Paul Strand Arthur Symons Ivor Winters MELOMIME PUBLICATIONS Announce among their fall books the publication of "Chinese White", a book of drawings by William Gropper with poems by Gladys Oaks. Woodcuts by William and Marguerite Zorach. Prints and reproductions of other well known American artists. MELOMIME) PUBLICATIONS Art — Poetry — Music 21 West Bth Street, New York. The Practical Home Study Course in Interior Decoration Complete in 24 Bi-Monthly Lessons Ready about August Ist, 1922 A Sensible and Fascinating Aid to the Making of More Attractive Homes Conducted by HAROLD DONALDSON EBERLEIN and NANCY V. McCLELLAND THERE has always existed in this coun- try a genuine and widespread need for some kind of institution which should provide a simple and thorough method of in- struction in the art of creating a beautiful home environment. Many thousands of per- sons of natural good taste lack the know- ledge which is an essential background to the correct selection and placing of the home's furnishing. To meet this need and supply this knowledge is the object of the Practical Home- Study Course of Inferior Decoration — an orga- nization of the highest aims built upon a foun- dation of solid experience and expert service. To those subscribing for the Course, whether their desire is for general information upon a vital and engaging subject or the artistic improvement of their homes, a complete and illuminating series of lessons presenting de- tailed information concerning every phase of interior decoration, is presented. The course is complete and authoritative. In text and illustration it is clear and explicit. It explains the fundamentals and how to proceed, step by step. It also gives directions for improv- ing conditions as they exist. Its scope ranges from the furnishing of entire houses or apart- ments, large or small, to single rooms. The course makes it possible for anyone to secure beautiful and satisfying results ; it shows precisely how to attain the best pos- sible arrangements with stock appointments purchased from responsible shops. The course is a necessity to everyone who desires a sound and correct understanding of what constitutes good taste and an indis- putable artistic achievement in every combi- nation of effect in home decoration. ADVISORY FACULTY: W Emerson, Director of the Architectu- ral School, Massachusetts Institute of Tech- nology, Boston. HuGER EUJOTT, Principal of the School, Penn- sylvania Museum and School of Industrial Art, Phila. Whitney Warren, Warren &amp; Wetmore, Archi- tects, New York. Phyms Ackerman, Ph. D., Art Expert. IvEON V. Art Director, American En- caustic Tile Company. Richard F. Bach, Curator Industrial Art, Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York. John P. Adams, President, Kensington Mfg. Co., New York. ErSKINE, President Erskine-Danforth Co., New York. Substantial pre-publication discount allowed to those now enrolling. Write for full particulars and enrollment blanks. ARTS &amp; DECORATION - 50 WEST 47 th ST. - NEW YORK CITY THE above photograph shows a bus the Fifth Avenue Coach Company is testing, with the idea of making their entire equipment covered buses. The Coach Company figure that they can carry 72,000,000 passengers with 309 buses that have the roof covered, as against 54,000,000 carried in 309 uncovered buses in the last twelve months. The reason for this is quite obvious. Excessive heat, cold, rain, snow or high wind makes it necessary for a large percentage of the passengers to ride inside during the year. 37,000,000 passengers were carried inside the buses in the last 12 months ; 17,000,000 were carried upstairs. The buses to-day cannot carry nearly all the people who want to ride. Thousands of them are left every night on the street corners, so that if these covered buses prove practical, they will be a great, boon to the high class discriminating constituency who are now using the buses as a method of transportation. The fare charged on the buses is ten cents, twice the fare charged on the subways, surface cars and elevated. It is admitted that it takes more time to travel on the buses than on any other transportation line. It must be that these millions of people use the buses because they appreciate a clean, comfortable ride. When you consider that, bus passengers can be reached through an advertisement inside the buses at the low rate of twenty cents per thousand, $20 a day for a card in 300 buses, or at the low rate of $600 per month, it is easy to understand why so many high-class concerns are using advertising space. . The advertising rate is $600 a month for a full run (300 buses), $300 a month for a half run (150 buses), $150 a month for a quarter run (75 buses), on the basis of a contract for six months or longer. If less than a 6-] months contract is used, there is a 10 % increased charge. John H. Livingston, Jr., 425 Fifth Avenue, New York. - Telephone 274 Vanderbilt. BROOM An International Magazine of the Arts Published by Harold A. Loeb.Editor, Harold A. Loeb. Associate Editor, Edward Storer. American Editor, Lola Ridge. OCTOBER, 1922 APPEARS MONTHLY vol. 3, NO 3. The Editor of Broom will be pleased to consider mss. submitted to him, but all mss. mustbe accompanied by a self-addressed, stamped envelope. The Editor cannot hold himself respon- sible for loss of mss. in transit.Mss. from Europe should be sent to the Rome office; mss. from America to the NewYork office.The price of Broom is:For America, fifty cents the copy, and five dollars for a year's subscription. For Italy,10 lire the copy, and 100 lire for a year's subscription. For France, 6 francs the copy, and60 francs for a year's subscription. For Great Britain, 3/6 the copy, and one pound and fifteenshillings for a year's subscription.The contents of this issue are protected by copyright, January, 1922. Infringement ofsame will be prosecuted.Entered as Second Class matter at the Post Office at New York, N. Y. April 22, 1922under the Act of March 3, 1879. Headquarters, Schickler Strasse 5, Berlin, Germany.New York Office, Three East Ninth Street,London Office, Cecil Palmer, Oakley House, 15-18 Bloomsbury St., W. C. I. (To be continued.) [To be continued) Ernesto FraTONI, Gerente responsabile. Printed in Italy by «I/Universelle» Imprimerie Polyglotte — Roma Cover Design — Enrico Prampolini.Stravrogin's Confession — Feodor Dostoyevsky 163Sinbad — John Crawford *72Drawings — Henri Matisse 173-194-198-222-230-231A Champion in the Wilderness — Robert x\lden Sanborn 174Poems — Edward storer 180At the Antipodes of Unity — Blaise Cendrars 182Epitaphs — Philippe Soupault 195Young man with Spectacles — Malcolm Cowley • 199The lay of Maldoror — Comte de Lautr&amp;amont 204CORNBREAD AND EYES — DAVID ROSENTHAL 217Observations on returning to the remnants of civilization — Gilbert Cannan 218The Painter — Roger Vitrac 223Tatlin's Monument to the Third International — Louis Lozowick 232Tatlin's Monument 233The Aesthetic of the machine and Mechanical Introspection in Art — EnricoPrampolini. . 235 STAVROGIN’S CONFESSION A. Y. Feodor Dostoyevsky (Translated from the Russian by Avrahm Yarmolinsky) Three unpublished chapters from the novel DEMONS, THE POSSESSED.INTRODUCTORY NOTEOn November 12, 1921, a tin box with Dostoyevsky's papers was opened inthe building of the Central Archives in Moscow. It contained among other mate- rial of great interest, a scrap-book with fifteen proof sheets pasted in, which boreon the first page these lines, written in the hand of the novelist's widow : "Inthis note-book are several chapters (in proof) from The Possessed, which werenot included by Dostoyevsky in the novel, when it was running in Russki Vestnik. "As a matter of fact, there are three sub-chapters entitled " Part 11, chapter I.At Tiknon's, " which form the complete episode of Stavrogin's confession ofhis crime.Nikolai Vsevolodovich Stavrogin is the enigmatic figure around which thecomplex action of The Possessed moves. This rich, handsome, young aristocratis a man unable to find any absolute value and in the end undone by the voidwhich he tries to escape by many roads, including that of sensuality. As a fan- tastic experiment to which he is impelled by an obscure spiritual perversity,he nominally marries Lebyadkina, a crippled idiot. Shatov and Kirillov, men- tioned in this text, were for a time Stavrogin's fanatic disciples, to whom hesimultaneously taught two mutually contradictory faiths, presumably in thevain hope of being infected by their ardor. Father Tikhon, whom Stavroginselects as his confessor, was first conceived by Dostoyevsky as one of the maincharacters of an unwritten novel which he was planning in 1869-70 and of whichonly the outline is extant. In The Possessed Tikhon plays but an incidental part.These newly discovered chapters somewhat clarify the plot of the novelfrom which they were withheld. They might be considered an expansion of cer- tain passages in The Possessed which allude to the crime described in the confes- sion. Thus we find Shatov passionately questioning Nikolai Vsyevolodovich :" Is it true that when you were in Petersburg you belonged to a secret societyfor practising beastly sensuality ? Is it true that you could give lessons to theMarquis de Sade ? Is it true that you decoyed and corrupted children ? "Why were these chapters omitted from the novel ? Madame Dostoyevskyis silent on the subject. The Russian commentator on the text confessesignorance. The explanation of why they were not included in the workas serially published, would seem to be contained in a letter written to Tolstoyby N. N. Strakhov in 1883, but published thirty years later. The latter wasan intimate of Dostoyevsky and forty years ago wrote a biography of his friend which holds most of what we know concerning the novelist's life. Strakhov writes:" One scene from The Possessed (rape, etc.) Katkov [editor of the magazine inwhich the novel was published in 1871-72] refused to print, but Dostoyevsky readit here to many. " The reference is obviously to the chapters which follow below.Rumor has laid the crime which Stavrogin committed at Dostoyevsky's own door.Without attempting to establish the validity of this accusation, I maymention that the rumor is substantiated by no less an authority than Strakhovhimself.The translator has deliberately avoided polishing the style of the narrative,which is sometimes careless and practically always colloquial. I. That night Nikolai Vsevolodovich (Stavrogin) did not sleep, and he spentthe whole of it sitting on a divan, often staring hard at one point in the cornerby the chest of drawers. A lamp was burning in his room all night. Aboutseven o'clock in the morning, he fell asleep in a sitting posture, and when, accordingto long established custom, Alexey Yegorovich entered the room at nine-thirtysharp, with the morning cup of coffee and woke him up by his appearance, heopened his eyes, seeming disagreeably surprised by the length of his sleep andthe lateness of the hour. He drank his coffee quickly, dressed hastily, and hur- riedly left the house. To Alexey Yegor ovich's cautious query as to whetherthere were any orders, he made no reply. Once in the street, he walked lookingat the ground in deep thought, only at moments lifting his head and betrayinga vague yet intense agitation. At one corner, while he was still near home, acrowd of peasants, some fifty men or more, crossed his path; they walked withdignity, almost silently, in ordered rows. At a small shop where he was forcedto wait a while, someone said that these were the "Shpigulin workmen ". Hehardly paid any attention to them. Finally, at about half-past ten, he reachedthe gates of our "Bogorodsk Monastery, at the outskirts of the city, by the river.It was only here that he seemed to recall something alarming and troublesome,stopped, thrust his hand into his side-pocket, and grinned. Once past the gates,he inquired of the first servant who came along how to find the arch-priest, Tikhon,who was living in retirement at the monastery. The servant bowed repeatedlyand led the way. At the foot of the steps, at the end of the long two-storymonastery building, a stout, grizzled monk encountered them, and with dictator- ial speed carried off Stavrogin under the eyes of the servant. He led him througha long, narrow corridor, bowing perpetually (although, because of his stoutness,he could not make a low bow, but simply jerked his head frequently and abruptly). and continually inviting him to follow, in spite of the fact that Nikolai Vsevolo- dovich followed him anyhow. The monk kept on asking questions and talkingabout Father Archimandrite, but getting no response, he became more and moredeferential. Stavrogin noticed that he was known here, although as far as hecould recall he had never visited the place since his childhood. When they reachedthe door at the very end of the corridor, the monk opened it with an author- itative gesture, familiarly inquired of the lay brother who sprang up at theirappearance, whether they could come in, and without waiting for his answer threwthe door wide open and bowing, let in the " dear " visitor. Upon receiving Sta- vrogin's thanks, he vanished precipitately as though he fled. Nikolai Vsevolodovichentered a rather small room, and there appeared almost simultaneously in thedoorway of the adjoining room a tall, rather lean man, about fifty-five years old,in a plain house dress which is usually worn under the cassock, looking sickly,with a vague smile and a strange, somewhat shy glance. This was Tikhon, ofwhom Nikolai Vsevolodovich had first heard froom Shatov, and about whomhe himself had in the meantime collected some information by the way.The information was varied and contradictory. But one fact stood out,that both the people who loved him and those who did not (and such there were)spoke of him with a certain reticence: those who disliked him, perhaps out ofcontempt, and his adherents — because of a sense of discretion, as though theywished to hide a weakness of his, possibly something like a saintly folly. Niko- lai Vsevolodovich had learned that Tikhon had been living in the monastery forsix years and that he was visited by people both from the lowest and the highestclasses of society, that even in distant Petersburg he had the most ardent admirers,chiefly women. From one of our respected old men, a man about town who wasyet devout, he heard that" this Tikhon is practically insane, and no doubt drinks.Anticipating upon the course of events, let me add for my own part that this issheer nonsense, and that if Tikhon suffers from anything it is from a rheumaticpain in his feet which is of long standing, and at times from obscure nervous con- vulsions. Nikolai Vsevolodovich also discovered that, whether because ofweakness of character or an unpardonable absent-mindedness inappropriate tohis rank, the retired archpriest failed to command respect in the monastery. Itwas said that Father Archimandrite, an austere monk, rigid in the performanceof his tasks as Father Superior, and furthermore, known for his learning, cher- ished an animosity against Tikhon, condemning him, not to his face but indirectly,for careless living and all but heresy. The attitude of the monks toward the in- valid prelate was also not exactly one of neglect, but rather one of easy familiarity.The two rooms which formed Tikhon's cell were oddly furnished. Besideawkward, old-fashioned furniture upholstered in worn leather, there were two orthree fine pieces : a luxurious, restful armchair, a large desk of excellent make,an exquisitely carved book-case, little tables, what-nots; all, of course, gifts There was a costly Bokhara rug, and mats alongside it. There were etchingsof lay and mythological subjects, and in the corner a large icon-caseas well, with icons set in gleaming gold and silver, one of them an ancientpiece containing relics. The library too, it was said, was of an all toovaried and contradictory description : beside the works of the great saints andFathers of the Church, there were " theatrical compositions and novels and maybesomething much worse."After the first greetings, uttered for some reason with obvious mutualembarrassment in hasty and indistinct syllables, Tikhon led the visitor to hisstudy, and with the same apparent haste seated him on a divan before a table,while he himself took a seat nearby in a willow armchair. Here, surprisinglyenough, Nikolai Vsevolodovich completely lost himself. It seemed as if he weremaking a violent effort to bring himself to do something extraordinary andirrefutable, and yet almost impossible of execution. For a few moments he lethis eyes wander over the room, obviously not noticing what he saw : he grewthoughtful, but perhaps he did not know what he was thinking about. Thesilence woke him up, and suddenly it seemed to him that Tikhon was droppinghis eyes bashfully and with an altogether unnecessary smile. This momentarilyaroused in him disgust and rebellion; he wanted to rise and go ; in his opinionTikhon was decidedly drunk, but the latter suddenly lifted his eyes and lookedat him with a glance so firm and full of thought and, at the same time, expressingsomething so unexpected and enigmatic that Stavrogin almost started. And nowhe had an altogether different suspicion : that Tikhon already knew why hehad come, that he had already been informed (although no one in the worldcould have known the reason) and if he did not speak first, it was becausehe spared him, fearing his humiliation."Do you know me ?" he asked abruptly. " Did I introduce myself when Icame in ? Excuse me, I am so absent-minded. . . "" You did not introduce yourself, but I had the pleasure of seeing you once,some four years ago, here in the monastery. . . by chance. " Tikhon spoke ina slow, soft, even voice, pronouncing the words clearly and distinctly." I wasn't at the monastery four years ago ", retorted Nikolai Vsevolodovichwith unnecessary rudeness. " I was here only as a child, before you had comeat all. "" Perhaps you have forgotten, " observed Tikhon cautiously and withoutinsistence."No, I haven't forgotten. It would be ridiculous if I had " insisted Sta- vrogin on his part, with excessive emphasis. " Maybe you have only heardabout me and formed an opinion about me, and then you imagined that youhad seen me yourself. " Tikhon did not answer. It was only then that Stavrogin noticed thatTikhon's features were nervously convulsed from time to time, a symptom ofa nervous disorder of long standing." I only see that you are not well today, and perhaps it would be betterif I went away. " He even made a motion as if to rise." Yes, I have been having severe pains in my legs, and I slept little last night/'Tikhon stopped. His guest suddenly fell into a state of vague thoughtful- ness. The silence lasted a long time, some two minutes." Were you watching me ? " he asked suddenly, alarmed and suspicious." I was looking at you, and I remembered the features of your mother. Inspite of external unlikeness, there is much internal, spiritual similarity. ""No similarity, particularly spiritual. No similarity whatever " said Ni- kolai Vsevolodovich, needlessly alarmed and with an over emphasis for which hecould not account to himself. " You're saying this just like that. . . out of pityfor my situation, "he suddenly blurted out. " Bah ! Does my mother come toyou ? "" She does. "" Didn't know it. Never heard about it from her. Often ?"" Almost every month, and oftener. "" Never, never heard about it. Didn't hear about it."He seemed to be ter- ribly alarmed by this fact. " And of course she told you that lam insane. "He blurted out again." No, not just that. Still, I heard that opinion expressed, but by others. ""You must have a good memory if you remember such trifles. And did youhear about the slap ?. "" I heard something. "" You mean everything. You have plenty of time to listen. And aboutthe duel ? "" About the duel, too . "" You don't need newspapers here. Did Shatov warn you about me?"" No; however, I know Mr. Shatov, but I haven't seen him for a long time. "" H'm ! What's that map over there ? Bah ! it's a map of the last war.What good does that do you ? "" I used the map for this text. A most interesting description. "" Show me ; yes, fairly good style. However, isn't this curious stuff for youto be reading ? "He drew the volume toward him and glanced at it. It was an ample andskilful exposition of the circumstances of the late war, presented rather from thepurely literary than from the military angle. He turned it about and then with •a swift, impatient movement threw it aside. " I certainly don't know why I have come here, " he said with disgust,looking straight into Tikhon's eyes as though expecting an answer." You too seem to be somewhat unwell. "" Yes, perhaps. "And suddenly, yet in such brief and fragmentary words as to be somewhatobscure, he began telling about how he was afflicted, especially at night, by cer- tain strange hallucinations; that he sometimes saw or felt close beside him anevil creature, derisive and rational, " with different faces and differentcharacters, and yet always the same, and I am always enraged. "...These disclosures were fantastic and incoherent, and really seemed to comefrom a mentally deranged person. And yet Nikolai Vsevolodovich spoke with sucha strange, unprecedented frankness, with a simplicity of mind so entirely foreignto him that, it seemed, his former self had completely and suddenly disappeared.He was not at all ashamed to show the fear with which the apparition inspired him.But this open mood was momentary, and vanished as quickly as it came." It's all nonsense, " he caught himself up swiftly and with awkward self- scorn. " I shall go to a physician. "" No doubt you will, " Tikhon confirmed him."You speak so confidently. . . Have you known people who had visionslike mine ? "" Yes, but very rarely. I remember only one case, an army officer, bereftof his spouse, his beloved helpmate. Another case I know only by hearsay. Bothmen went abroad for treatment. . . And how long have you been suffering ? "" About a year, but all this is nonsense. I shall go to see a doctor. It'sall nonsense, frightful nonsense. It's my own self in various forms, nothingelse. As I added this last sentence just now you certainly thought that I stilldoubt whether it's myself or whether it's not really the devil. "Tikhon looked at him interrogatively." And .. . and do you really see him ? " he asked. " That is, putting asideall doubt of it's being no more than a clearly false and morbid hallucination, doyou really see a definite form ? ""It is strange that you persist in asking me when I told you plainly thatI do. " Again Stavrogin got more and more irritable with each word, " Ofcourse I see him. I see him just as plainly as I see you, and sometimes I see himand lam not certain that I see him, although Ido see him. . . And sometimes Ido not know who is real, he or I. . . It's all nonsense. And you, can't you imag- ine that it is really the devil ? " he added, laughing'and passing abruptly intoa derisive tone. "It would be more in keeping with your calling, "i&amp;j." It's more likely to be a disease, although. . , "" Although what ? " Devils no doubt exist, but opinions about them differ widely. "" Just now you dropped your eyes again, " said Stavrogin with irritablederision. " Because you were ashamed for me, since, while I believe in the devil,pretending I don't, I am slyly putting a question to you : does he really exist,or not ? "Tikhon smiled vaguely.Well then, let me tell you plainly that I am not at all ashamed, and tomake up for my rudeness I shall say simply and frankly : I believe in the devil, Ibelieve canonically, in a personal devil, not in an allegory, and I do not have topump anybody. That's all. "He gave a nervous, unnatural laugh. Tikhon looked at him curiously, butwith a timid and withal gentle glance."Do you believe in God ? " Nikolai Vsevolodovich blurted out.a I do believe. "" It is said, isn't it, that if ye have faith and say unto a mountain to removeitself hence, it would do so. . . However, pardon this nonsense. Still, lamcurious to know : can you remove the mountain or can't you ? ""If God commands, I shall remove it, " said Tikhon in a low restrainedvoice, dropping his eyes again." Well, but that's the same as if God Himself removed it. "No, you — you — will you be able to do it, as a reward for your faith in God ?"" Perhaps I will not. "Perhaps ' ! That's not bad. Are you still a doubter ? "" I doubt, because my faith is imperfect. "" What! You too have imperfect faith ? ""Yes. . . Perhaps my faith is imperfect, " answered Tikhon." Well, I wouldn't suppose it, to look at you. " Suddenly he looked himup and down with altogether naive surprise, which did not at all harmonize withthe derisive tone of the foregoing question." Still, you believe that, say with God's help, you can remove it, and that'sno small matter. At least you wish to believe. And you take the mountainliterally. Good principle. I have noticed that the more advanced of our In- vites are strongly inclined toward Ivutheranism. This is more than the " trespeu " of one arch-bishop who was, true enough, at the sword's point. And ofcourse you are a Christian too. "Stavrogin spoke rapidly, his fluent words now serious, now derisive." Thy cross, oh I,ord, let me not spurn, " Tikhon muttered in a strange,passionate whisper, bowing his head low." Is it possible to believe in the devil without believing in God ? " Stavro- gin laughed, " That's easily possible. It's done right and left. " Tikhon lifted hiseyes and smiled." And I am sure that you find such a faith more respectable than completelack of faith. .. " Stavrogin burst out laughing." On the contrary, complete atheism is more to be respected than easy in- difference, " answered Tikhon, with visible gaiety and simplicity of mind." Aha ! so that's what yon think" The complete atheist stands on the penultimate step to most perfect faith,no matter whether he mounts the step or not, but the indifferent person has nofaith whatever except a bad fear, and that but rarely, and only if he is sensitive. "" H'm. . . Have you read the Apocalypse ?"" Yes. "" Do you remember : ' And imto the Angel of the Church of the Laodiceanswrite" I remember. "" Where is the book ? " Stavrogin grew strangely excited and alarmed, hiseyes wandering over the table in search of the Bible, —"I want to read you. . .&lt;Do you have a Russian translation ? "" I know the passage. I remember it, " said Tikhon."Do you know it by heart ? Say it. . . "He dropped his eyes quickly, leaned his wrists upon his knees, and impatientlyprepared to listen. Tikhon began reciting, recalling word after word :' And unto the Angel of the Church of the write. These thingssaith the Amen, the faithful and true Witness, the beginning of the creation ofGod : I know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot: I would thou wertcold or hot. So then because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, Iwill spew thee out of my mouth. Because thou say est, lam rich and increasedwith goods and have need of nothing; and knowest not that thou art wretched,and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked. . . ' "" Enough ! " interrupted Stavrogin. " You know, I love you very much." And I love you, " replied Tikhon in a low voice.Stavrogin grew silent, and again fell to musing. This occurred fitfully,now for the third time. He was almost in this state when he said to Tikhon,I love you', at least his words surprised himself. More than a minutepassed." Do not be angry, " whispered Tikhon, touching Stavrogin's elbow lightlywith his finger and appearing to grow timid himself.The latter started and frowned fiercely. " How did you know that I wasangry ? " he said rapidly. Tikhon wanted to say something but Stavrogin, sud- denly overcome with inexplicable agitation, interrupted him: " Why did you suppose that I must be angry? Yes, I was. You're right.And precisely because I told you I loved you. You're right. But you are a coarsecynic, you have a low opinion of human nature. There might have been no angerif it had been anyone but me. However, we're not dealing with anyone else, butwith me. And still you are an odd fellow and a saintly fool. .. "He grew more and more irritable and Strangely enough, he did not choose hiswords : "Listen, I don't like spies and psychologists, at least such as pry intomy soul. I don't invite anybody to see my soul. Ido not need anybody. Ican get along alone. You think I'm afraid of you." He raised his voice and threwhis head back defiantly. "You are fully convinced that I have come to disclosea ' terrible ' secret to you. And you are waiting for it with all the monkishcuriosity of which you are capable. Well, then, let me tell you that I will disclosenothing, no secret whatever, because I can very well get along without you. . . "Tikhon looked at him firmly : "You were struck by the fact that the Lambloves the cold ones better than the lukewarm ones, " he said. "You do not wantto be merely lukewarm. I ligve a foreboding that an extraordinary, perhapsfearful intention is taking hold of you. I implore you, do not torment yourselfand tell everything. "" And you were certain that I had come with a story ."• "I. . . guessed it, " whispered Tikhon, dropping his eyes.Nikolai Vsevolodovich was somewhat pale. His hands trembled slightly.For several moments he stared, motionless and silent, as if coming to a finaldecision. At length he produced several printed sheets from the side pocket ofhis jacket and put them on the table." Here is the pamphlet designed for circulation, " he said in a breaking voice." If one man reads it, then you may be sure that I will not conceal it, and all willread it. That's the decision. And I do not need you at all, because I have madeup my mind. But read. . . Don't say anything while you're reading it. Tellme everything when you are through. "" Shall I read it ? " asked Tikhon, hesitatingly." Read ; I am composed. "" No, I can't make it out without my spectacles, the print is small, foreign. "" Here are the spectacles. " Stavrogin took them up from the table, handedthem to Tikhon and leaned against the back of the divan. Tikhon did notlook at him and lost himself in the reading. SINBAD John Crawford Hour after hourI have walked in the rain . . .Dark hallway after hallwaysheltered lovers arm in arm . . .Knots of menstood in bright saloon-lit doors . . .Silhouettes in pantomineundressed upon the window-shades . .The city is a patient silencewaiting to be born ...A grey stagefilled with shadows of dancerstoo tired to move . ~Even my ownshadow lags at my heels . . .I will rest his head on my shoulderstrailing his legs over my armand croon him to sleep . . . Henri Matisse Drawing A CHAMPION IN THE WILDERNESS Robert Alden Sanborn When The Soil, a radical magazine of art, first pricked through the cementcrust of New York City, in December, 1916, there were perhaps a dozen friendswho were enough interested to remain on hand and to see that the brash younggreenling was not at once flattened under foot. The official bally-hooing thatwas being blared forth to suck the American public into the sideshow of warhad, even at that time, produced a far greater than normal indifference to thesubject of a national art. Consequently, the editors of The Soil whose evangeli- cal purpose was to fire the national consciousness with the creed of good taste,were obliged to speak at highest pitch to make themselves heard at all.And they were heard. Five thousand copies of one issue of this twenty- five cent art magazine were sold or subscribed to, and requests for copies eatnefrom all parts of Europe, South America, and the Orient.But one art critic only came down from his platform to extend both handsardently to The Soil. This was Henry Mcßride of the N. Y. Sun, an honest friendof youth. His words are memorable : " I regard the advent of The Soil as ananswer to prayer. .. . right here in our midst —to be exact, at the junctureof Forty-second street and Fifth Avenue — a great light appears. I love the newpublication from start to finish. I wouldn't have a thing in it altered. I considerit the most perfect art journal ever seen. . . .For one thing it is ours. Itis American. It's in line. It's Whitmanic. It's for the open road, and thefree-for-all, the pure air, and the hot scuffle. Something will come out of TheSoil, mark my words. .. . My only fear is that it begins too well. To keepup such a pace, or even to produce a second number equally good, would be amiracle. But to the young, God bless them, miracles come easy. "The miracle was repeated four times. Then the funds gave out and therewas no more miracle.The Soil was the personal creation of one man, Robert J. Coady. He diedon the 6th of January, 1921. He gave all his strength to launch The Soil at thehistorical period most adverse to such an event, and he never recovered enoughstrength to begin again. An almost fatal illness reduced his slender store ofphysical resource. He tried to regain his feet at the count of nine, but his punchwas gone. The book of The Soil was closed and on its cover was engravedthat phrase of Bert Williams whose art Bob Coady loved " Never mo. "Because Bob Coady is dead there is nothing to be hoped for of just theunique spirit that made The Soil so brilliantly provocative of new art forms andof controversial opinions about them. The Soil was first cousin to the free- verse movement in America which crystallized in Alfred Kreyinborg's group ofOthers. That was a magic moment. No one who was touched by the kindlingbreath will ever forget the joy of it nor cease to regret that a great fiery winddevoured it. It will be worth while some day to review that frail but vital pagein American literary history. It is especially important now when we are closeto the event of Coady's death to examine his message in order that we may takeup those threads laid down by him that may seem worth weaving into themuddled aesthetic pattern of our national art.Coady preached all his later years a simple passionate empiricism as the ba- sis of an indigenous culture. The soil out of which an American art must growis not homogeneous, it is a compost of vegetation discarded by various racialtypes as they strip for the febrile competitive struggle for a livelihood. In Coady'svigorous and inimitable language: "An Englishman invented the Bessemerprocess and we built our sky-scraper. A Dane married a Spanish - African, andBert Williams sings, 'Nobody'. We've dug into the soil and developed theSteam Shovel. We play and we box .. . Our art is, as yet, outside our artworld. It's in the spirit of the Panama Canal. It's in the East River and theBattery. It's in Pittsburg and Diiluth. It's coming from the ball-field, the sta- dium, and the ring. Already we've made our beginnings, scattered here andthere, but beginnings with enormous possibilities. Where they will lead, whoknows ? Today is the day of moving pictures, it is also the day of movingsculpture ..."By " moving sculpture" he meant such mechanical wonders as theSellers Ten Ton Swinging Jib Crane, locomotive No. 4000, the Industrial Works'120 Ton Crane, the Chambersburg Hammer, and the Erie Hammer. All ofthese were illustrated in the January, 1917, number of The Soil.Out of the competitive struggle directed by a centralized capitalism, whichis one of the principal contributions made by America to economic history,there have emerged an amazing variety of mechanical forms, all useful, somebeautiful in themselves, others suggestive of a by-product of real aesthetic impor- tance to the detached mind of so modern a thinker as Coady. To his trainedperceptions these great machines have the same relation to the national con- sciousness as the pantheon of gods had to the mind of the Athenian of the GoldenAge of Greece ; that is, they have been dreamed, planned, and constructed toexpress and to augment the greatness of a people.The Chambersburg double-frame steam hammer represents in its operationthe welded power of thousands of workmen, and it follows that the design by whichthis miracle is achieved should be admirable for something more than its utility.It becomes one of the symbols of a national spirit that flourishes in a soil capableof nourishing the world. The inceptive dream announced by the founders of the United States, ofgiving refuge and opportunity to the oppressed dreamers and irreconcilablesof the older countries has undergone a metabolic change. The will to conquer andutilize the vast natural resources of the land engulfs in its possessive mawall that comes its way of human material capable of moving mountains or put- ting rivers on leash. The dreamers of Europe, the persecuted, the misunder- stood and impoverished, find themselves shanghaied as fast as they arrive andcarried away to work in factories and mines where the steam hammers and othergigantic inventions are produced.Produced by this chain of social-economic phenomena, vitalized by the as- similated hordes of immigrants, these colossal mechanical forms, Coady believed,must, whether obvious or not to the academicians, be looked to as the mostrepresentative material for our national art.• The giant locomotive, beforewhich all normal Americans bow in respect, has been perfectly designed not onlyto puff triumphantly up the heaviest grades of the Rockies but to reveal as wella degree of symetry of mass and grace of line that should fertilize the receptivemind of the artist." Taste, " said Coady in The Soil, " would alter the Steam Hammer. Itwould change a handle here or a bolt there, it would straighten this line or curvethat, it would vary textures and show a delight in the meeting of planes—and if it equalled the creative construction of the hammer we would have amighty art. "The artists of America, according to the gospel of Coady, have no reasonto mourn the desolation of Parnassus nor the ruined fanes of the gods on Olympuswhen they, the artists, have the steam hammer, the traveling crane, and the mo- gul of the rail. Thus the dilettante and the " ism " -atic suffered harsh shockswhen they curiously opened the fresh pages of The Soil and saw reproduced asprototypes of the new American art these photographs of the mechanical triumphsof American genius.There were other shocks for these favored gentlemen. There was the ar- ticle by Charlie Chaplin on comedy (outraged cries from the devotees of Meredith !);the interview with Bert Williams in which he traces the genesis of his inimitablecharacterizations of the shiftless negro ; the notes on the art of window dressing,and prestidigitation ; the Nick Carter serial; and the panegyrics on the beau- ties to be seen on the ball field and in the prize ring. iTo grasp the meaning of these angular intrusions into the sacrosanct bookof art, we have to question the mind of Bob Coady where it still lives in the me- mories of those who understood him. And the answer is, that it was to the play- spirit, the humor and sport of the American people, rather than to the attenuatedand diluted imitations of continental schools of art, that he looked for the sug- gestive cultural factors that await the developing hand of the artist. Directlyrelated to the wonders of our industrial life is the obverse and lighter side suppliedby our recreative Held, the games and amusements created by the skilled athletesand humorists who, challenged by the grim, grooved, work-a-day back-groundof toil, burst forth in grace of movement and fertility of inimitable invention.Bob Coady knew intimately the amusement side of his New York ; heread the cartoons and sporting pages of the yellow sheets ; he prowled about lowerThird Avenue, preferring the serials and slapstick comedies of the smelly littleIvast vSide movie theatres to the pretentious musical and feature programs of theamusement places of Broadway ; he was a devotee of the old Chinese theatreon Doyer street, and spoke with bitter regret of its passing; he delighted in thelive Seurats and L,autrecs which he found in the smoky galleries of the burlesquehouses on 14th street; he rediscovered the Comedie Humaine amongst the em- ployees and patrons of MacCanns restaurant on Myrtle Avenue, Brooklyn ;he sought the glory that was Greece on the Polo grounds, and in Madison SquareGarden on fight nights ; and in the playful colorings of his classes of negro childrenhe found the crude beginnings of a more representative art than was ever hungin the National Academy. In short, he saw hope of the rudiments of a trulyAmerican art only in the grim earnestness of industry and the childlike earnest- ness of sport and humor, and he aggressively refused to compromise theprinciples of his taste by liking anything that was not spontaneously true to thenative spirit of America.His mind was too well balanced for him to indulge in excessive judgments,he did not credit the work of the cartoonists, sport-writers, and athletes, withthe achievement of any permanent value. With a true sense of proportion hesaw these men as scooping the raw material of art out of the soil, and his keeneyes noted in the shapeless handfuls the gleams of pure gold. How cordiallyhe would have praised the partnership of John Alden Carpenter and AdolphBohm in creating the Krazy Kat ballet. It is a perfect answer to his message.He was struck by no irrelevancy in asking Charles Chaplin to dignify thefirst number of The Soil with an article in which he explained the sources of hisait. Lor had not Chaplin been developed as world artist in the mechanics ofthe latest American invention, the moving picture ?Does not window-dressing represent a fineness of taste that is responsiveto the competitive conditions of American salesmanship ? An example of thework of Mr. Gilbert McGowan, an artist in this line, was shown in one numberof The Soil and beneath the illustration was appended a statement of the artist'sprinciples. On the opposite page to this exhibit which, in Mr. McGowan's wordswas intended ".to attract attention to the fact that a hat can be made to feelas light as a feather, " (surely a problem that relates to art) there was shown in damning contrast a particularly muddy abstraction by a young modern painterwith an even muddier explanation of the artist's intentions beneath.This delightfully effective use of contrast was Coady's favorite weapon forfighting the abstract, the derivative, and the spineless in American art. Read- ers who could not agree with him found humor in his original and pugnaciousmanner of illustrating his thesis. There was a good laugh as well as an impor- tant point in his juxtaposition of cuts of the Maine monument (which fronts Co- lumbus Circle in New York) and the massive Chambersburg double-frame steamhammer, with below a line running across both pages, " Which is the monu- ment ? " On another page appeared a messy confusion of what looked likehen-tracks which was signed, "New York by So-and-So" (a well-known, atthat time, modern painter). On the reverse side of the page was a newspaperphotograph taken from the Woolworth tower in which the hard lines of the build- ings converged toward the earth in an amazing effect of motion, signed" New York by Brown brothers. "His commentary on the school of " cosmic synchromy " was an illustrationof an example by the founder of the school to which was attached a vague andlabored footnote, while facing it was a photograph of an egg, placed and lightedwith consummate taste, with a title reading, " Invention — Nativity, by A,Chicken, ' Cluck, Cluck ', A. Chicken ". More words might have been used in justderision without even approximating the destructive effect of this deadly parallel.As for the Nick Carter novel which began running in the first numberof The Soil, Coady granted that conventional literary opinion might pickflaws in the style of these hastily written commercial products, but hestoutly contended in a foreword to the serial that as an example of straightand swift narration the dime novel has not been surpassed. And further, thatin variety of types taken from the streets, all crisply characterized in the mini- mum of words, these stories were an unique contribution to American fiction.There were those to whom Coady was merely an eccentric who pawed inand picked from the litter of rubbish discarded by conservative critics and foist- ed these examples solely to annoy and defy the academic mind and to win theapplause of the untutored crowd. Coady made mistakes in judgment, and hequite often committed an injustice, but always his aim was.to attract attentionto the power and beauty that distinguished the crude cultural products rootedfrom American soil and given in a more or less raw state to the masses whodevour the newspapers and throng the burlesque houses and the Polo Grounds.St. Paul took the orthodox Jewish church to task for overlooking the spiritualfact that the kingdom of heaven is within the individual bosom. Coady wasmoved to a like impatience. He met few in his life who thanked him for pointingout the patent truth that the beauty sought for by the artist resides in the near and familiar facts of human life, and that art is a natural function which operateswhen the individual is charged to bursting with an enthusiasm for living.By acting on these principles the comic cartoonist becomes the most success- ful graphic artist of the day. He picks out the prevailing characteristics ofthe average man, his naive innocence of culture and his good-natured passivityto circumstances, and adding a touch and a twist of exaggeration the artist givesback to the average man the privilege of laughing at himself while thinking, ifhe has to make peace with his vanity, that it is his neighbor whom the drawingresembles. Thus come forth the troop of figures, the Abe Kabibbles, the Pas andMas, the Jiggs, from whom students of manners and men of uture generationswill learn vastly more than from the works of our academies." Who has seen the Battery ? Who ? " " Ingres ? Poussin ? Lorraine ?Oh, no, these are the days of cosmicalities. "" Why no photos of tugs ? Why ?" " Exhibition of one hundred ClaudeLorraines. East River. Every morning. "These and other snappy footnotes shot out from blank spaces of The Soil,so placed and phrased that they hit the mind with the sting of a left jab or a righthook. Every New Yorker, transient as well as rooted, knows the blazing win- dow displays of the Monroe clothing shops at Broadway and 42nd street. Howmany of these millions knew until Coady told them in The Soil that. " Here isan exhibition of pictures hung in ' visible order' inj:he midst of a real ' Battle ofLights'. The. simplicity of the commonplace means and the direct and positiveresults obtained make one think that Dauinier would have done it in about thesame way and that our modern geniuses could learn a lot from this remarkableexample of common sense.''As an art critic Bob Coady was a rare example of the successful lighter, theboxer-slugger. He loved to give punishment and he was ready to take it if therebyhe could land the damaging punch. He fought for the love of fighting, and hehit for love of hitting. And he sometimes hit the wrong person, and at othertimes he hit too hard. He was a good hater because he was a great lover of thetruth. He was what is known by the timid, the incurious, and the smug, as anextremist. But what it costs in nerve and brain and blood to take a post out ofhailing distance of most of one's fellows, to lift there a banner and to wait for thewind to fling it out, no one can know who hugs his fireplace and makes but aphantom dissent to the opinion of those in collective authority.Bob Coady was never knocked out. He dropped h\ the ring, exhausted byhis dauntless assaults upon his inert and massive foe. Who daresjput on theshoes and gloves of this dead champion and take his fighting place in the wilder- ness of age ? SILENCE In the vast magnolia of silencethe spirit swoons like a bee,weary of urging its wingsthrough the day :until the flowershatters upon its slender stem,leaf following leafunto the rumorous earth. THE CARNIVAL And on the morrow of the carnival,when the fine coloured silks,the subtle hoselie flaccid on the floor,and the broken mask is tossed away,with the withered roses :melancholy !ugh ! melancholy !So too the mask of youthwe wore on shining mornsfalls from our faceswhen the music stopsand the dancing ends.We see ourselves within the glasswithout a mask :the carnival is ended. IN HOSPITAL Since tonight I must diewhy do they keep the window open,so that the April airflows in from the mountains,and why do they place by my bedthis vase of spring violets ? POOR DEVILS Edward Storer O lovers what is the best you findin love,when your eyes are wide with joyand your breath beatsirregularly like thosenear to death ?What is the best life's highest hour can give ?Oblivion,a moment's oblivion. AT THE ANTIPODES OF UNITY Blaise Cendrars (Translated from the French by M.J.) CHAPTER I. Of the Itinerary to the Latitudes of the Sky. After having weighed anchor, we left Earth to enter that ocean of solar lightwhich is our respirable atmosphere. Having reached its extreme limits we wereembroiled in the rapids of the ozone region. We were going so fast that we couldnot estimate our speed, and we seemed to be standing still. The Earth was notvisible in our wake, and ahead of us the stars no longer existed. Finally we madethe great dive through empty space, splashed all about with star-foam. Wetacked before the Great Bear for seven centuries by the clock, passing often underblack rainbows ; then, having doubled Cape Orion, we pointed straight for theSouth which is the North of the Sky.We fished for strange interstellar beings which made us gasp with aston- ishment, but their exquisite flesh regaled us and was a welcome addition to the or- dinary food of the crew. Everybody was in good spirits and excellent health.Following the example of our men, I shook off the lethargy which had gripped meat the unexpected success of our departure. I gave orders to hoist our. greatgolden flag with its arms of Human Passion, and looked out of a porthole. Hereis what I saw when my spirit emerged from the goose-flesh covering it. CHAPTER II. Of the Eel ; and of the Sponge which is the bottom of the Sky. Behind the Milky Way, there is an eel, or a kind of serpent of the Sky.He feeds on the suns which abound in the mud of the depths. His eye is likethe four-leaf clover of space, and at the end of his tail, like rattles, worlds in erup- tion mark the time. From each of the scales he sheds there falls a comet. Andthe digestion of this being is Light. He is caught, like an earthworm in a root,in the base of a sponge which he gnaws and which almost entirely hides him.Each pore of this sponge breathes and moans like a human gestation. This spongeis Sponge of Darkness, Tuft of Tongues, Organ of Origins. As a brain in a skull,it molds itself in the first form. It is the simplest, the most elementary specimenof a family of inverted, unqualifiable and inadmissable creatures dwelling at theAntipodes of Unity. CHAPTER III. Of Musical Instruments. Every morning a transparent membrane spreads over the bottom of thesky. Whenever an eyelid opens, a bud of an anemone's flesh unfolds, a grainof sand or a sun opens to life, a fly, a human being, an animal or a plant quivers,or any force begins its career — this ultra-sensitive membrane vibrates,receives the sound, repeats it, and amplifies it with a tremendous detonation.At once the Mountain of the Waters which occupies all the East of space collapsesand flows over the Mountain of Salt which is in the WTest. Circulation is estab- lished, a seething roaring cyclonc of sounds which go from deep bass to shrillsoprano and descend again through dizzy chromatics to bass. At first, nothingcan be distinguished ; then one is dazzled by strange reflections, by flashes, byglaring light. Shadows pass before your tired eyes ; darting quickly like fishin water, they " tone to white/' Elementary forms take shape, square, oval,circle. They rise to the surface and burst like bubbles. Now the}' all frisk aboutwith the movements of fins ; the square lengthens, the oval takes the form of aspoon, the circle becomes a star, mouths, lips, throats ; all leap into space witha loud cry ; they hasten together from all directions, form into a group, a heap,stretch out in the form of the preposterous tongue of a mastodon. This tonguesprings, labors, makes unheard of efforts, stutters. It speaks.Then a great wind springs up which dissolves it, ravels it like a cloud, andone sees fall from it violincellos, harps, trumpets, drums, immutable flowerswhich take root in each Sphere and which every conscious being longs to gather inorder to try to re-create the Norm. CHAPTER IV. Of the great joy of the Stars. In the axis of the mid-day the entrance to a grotto opens and arrests you likethe sight of a blue butter-cup ; within, the meticulous progression of the planetscan be seen. Nothing is so simple, grand, calm, serene, and there is nothing thatinduces so great a feeling of happiness. A phonograph disc that turns withoutany mechanism. Chinese music. Up there, in Thibet, the rude gong of con- templation, the crystal shows the Ring of Venus as the neck of a black giraffe,a speckled Jupiter, the jungle of Mars, and the Earth as immutable as platinum.In these prairies# the act of breathing is a Horse at liberty. CHAPTER V. Of Honey In the river of Time which flows in Space, lazy trout can be seen under thethick grasses. The waters are clear and transparent. At the bottom, in betweenthe ultra-violet and infra-red of the refracted light foam the precious odo- magnetic stones of which aerolites are composed. The metals, the rocks, andthe roots, the grasses and all the leaves are luxuriant in the extreme. The vege- tation is daring. Today in this little valley, while flying over the headwaters ofthe stream, I hunted with cannon-shot for the huge hybrid butterfly of the Sum- mit-of-the-Hours that has isochronous wings of which one is morning, and theother evening.Our little harpooned bullets could get no grip on his diaphanous wings, andnot fewer than twenty-eight of them were fired before one succeded in reachinghis body. The beast, mortally wounded, wheeled downward, rose again, madea sudden turn, then fled with a great beating of wings — dragging us in its wake,for the harpoon held well.The giant insect rose, descended, reared, turned a somersault, and doubledon his tracks, dragging us along from place to place and giving us a thoroughshaking-up. So that at times we were above him, in the refulgence of his brighthead, at times under him in the black shadow of his belly.At each move we were in. danger of being capsized, and, fearing in case thecable should break, to lose our prey, I ordered the gunner to aim a bullet directlyat the eye of the butterfly. The explosion made terrible ravages. I saw thecreature make a great leap forward and then fall, wings taut. We shot downbehind him in a spinning nose-dive.Our situation was critical. The bark lurched forward. The machineryhad stopped. The men tumbled over each other pell-mell. I alone remained up- right clinging to the porthole above me, but with a sharp pain in my head. Itwas exactly at this moment that I realized the folly of our enterprise. Mymind was cast down by the errors of our researches and the inanity of our scien- tific efforts.We were falling into a whirlpool, we were perishing between the night andthe morning. No, there are no laws, there are no measures, there are no centers.Nor is there any unity or time or space. Our reason is a poor little instrumentof analysis, a coat of mail, ever contracting, which grips and moulds the helplessterms of our dialectic, a filter which deprives words of all their meaning, of alltheir suggestions, of all their creative power ; a filter, then, which isolates andstrips them bare, washes, purifies and rids them of all relationship and of all the crystallization they retained at their birth, in order to define identically a singleobject, thus metaphysically, nothing, since all things are bound together inex- tricably and " one could not define a blade of grass without involving the wholeuniverse. "And how can one take apart the universe or define a blade of grass, ortruthfully employ the equivocal faculties of the cortex which function as scientificreasoning, when science is ignorant of the most primary processes of the universeand knows not even to what may be attributed the size of grass's stamen, whetherto the composition of the soil, to the climatic conditions, the corruption of theseed, or the method of cultivation.No, the object does not-exist, its definition may be that of space —- lackingall dimensions — and the only thing it gives rise to is brain:fatigue, convention,dead-letters (rho and phi). The instinctive lisping of a child summons the wholeworld to its cradle side where the babe graciously presents to the world its vision ofreality. Our senses speak and affirm. Physically everything is caprice, folly, habit,vice. All is depth. The whole universe is isomeric, that is to say, it is composedas a whole and in part of similar elements, which have nevertheless (as a wholeand in part) different properties, according to how differently these elements arepresented to the senses.How could I have entrusted my life and that of my comrades to this fragilemachine, constructed, as I now confess, out of a blind and groping impulse. HadI not labored amid continual incertitude and doubt? I, the scrupulous and diffi- dent scientist, the inventor of this extraordinary engine that had transported usfar up into the heavens, and of which I was justly proud, I, the master of the uni- versal spiral as my fellow citizens called me as a result of my definitive researchesinto the life of numbers, — was I not an impostor after all ? I had made tabularasa of geometry, trigonometry, of applied and celestial mechanics, of the mostdetermined and stable scientific laws and theories in order to embark on a mostchimerical adventure, like a possessed prophet, like a poet who says or pretendsto say stupidities.How could I have convinced my companions that they ought to accompanyme ; yes, why did they still have faith in me, when I no longer believed in myself ?It was my prestige, I suppose, my air of a leader, and some dream of a milleniumto come induced by my intellectual brows.And when I thought that all was lost, the need of control and direction beganworking obscurely in me and as usual forced me to act. * I glanced out through theporthole. The monster who had us in train had just run aground. We wereno more than a scant hundred yards away and were at the point of crashing tosmithereens. " Every man to his post! I cried, in a voice of thunder. Ihad the cables that tied us to our prey thrown overboard. Powerful electric discharges &gt;et vibrating the bulkheads of repulsite that sheathed our vessel.The enormous turbine at the bow began to turn. By reversing the wheel I suc- ceeded in straightening out the apparatus and the machine volplaned to an abruptstop about six yards from the giant carcass. Nothing was lost. My men re- garded me with drawn faces, and a nervous convulsion made me smile. But thequartermasters cried : " To work ! " Already silently operating derricks emerg- ed from the sides of the ship and began to take the corpse to pieces. My passionfor science swept over me again ; I began to catalogue feverishly the parts wewere taking with us.This is what we found in the dead butterfly :1. The Foaming Ram, which hammered the mutilated head.2. The Tropic9 of Cancer, which lay hidden in the breast.3. The Twins, astride the antennae.4. The Raging Bull, which spouted from the back of the neck.5. The Balance in the axis of the wings (We could not take those mam- moth wings on board ship).6. The Virgin sleeping peacefully in the sides.7. The Scorpion consuming the stomach (it was he who had been spearedby the harpoon).8. The Archer who defended the mouth.9. The Raging Lion, seated in the solar plexus.10. The Capricorn, in the middle of the thorax.11. and 12. The Inconstant Water carrier, and the Fish that swam in theeyes.The tense legs strained at space, white as a nenuphar.In examining the proboscis, I spilled a drop of honey.Ivife is pragmatically, manifestly, and for malty space and time, sublima- ted, molten and perfumed. Honey. CHAPTER VI. Of the Resting Place of Old Moons;of the Wheat and of the Eye. We had just set off again and attained some height, when my men cameto inform me that a chain of mountains had been sighted directly in our wake.I went immediately to the observation tower at the bow of the ship from whichI discerned geometrical mountain peaks, faintly visible above the horizon. Ireversed our bearings, and we proceeded slowly in the direction N. N. W.Soon we entered -a zone that was purely luminous. We sailed along in the midst of sparks, rays, reflections. The irradiations seemed to gather volume, andbecame powdery and sonorous. This caused a slight vibration all about ourshell. One more powerful ray whipped out at us like a bullet, making the wholeship resound with its impact, and at times we seemed to be rocking on a hugeswell. The discharges of light succeeded one another more and more swiftly andluridly, all originating from the mountains which barred our course. A spectralanalysis determined the presence of osmium, and I concluded therefrom that themountains before us were of platinum in its most active state, and that as weapproached them, the interior shell of the engine, which was of crystal, had causedthe polarization of the light as if it were tourmaline. This also explained ourretarded and increasingly painful progress.We arrived thus after many difficulties before a solid wall, that was slate- colored and highly polished. Its even balconies and eaves presented no irregu- larities. After having surmounted this wall, we discovered farther off anotherinclined facade, also solid and glistening. We traversed this mountain whichwas a icosahedron block of platinum. Twenty-nine blocks of equal size placedend to end formed this chain of mountains, giving the impression of a giant cater- pillar. The last block was split in the middle, and it was into the narrowsinuous canyon of this that we penetrated.The entrance was ornamented with a white metal, which crumbled to piecesand whose fragments on the ground offered the attenuated colors of a rainbow.Farther off again, enormous concretions emerged from the walls of thecanyon and falling at our feet raised clouds of brown, reddish and saffron-coloreddust. vStill further, at the bottom of a pit, a spring gushed forth at intervals,thick and bloody, carrying a kind of warm turf composed of fragments of veg- etation,'softened crystals, stars of india rubber, pasty stones, animal juices andclotted oil. At the end, the passage opened on an immense arena, where in thehalf light of an aquarium swam strange apparitions. The shadows of thingstraversed one another in the wildest disorder; opaque as they were, they penetrat- ed each other constantly. Strange turmoil! The last moon was moulderingin a porous bowl, and scattered all about lay the old moons, dirty and miserable,their lustre gone, their bellies in air, among the most bizarre objects, such as are.usually found together in a heap behind the scenes of a theatre, or as in a brainturned inside out. We made a semi-circle of this space before taking the passagethat was to lead us out. I ordered air our searchlights to be lit. The old moonsflared up, wan and ivory-colored ; I had a sudden vision, oh infinitely tragic, ofthe elephants described 'by Sinbad the Sailor in the Thousand andOne Nights, the great white carcasses, the heaps of bleaching bones.Now we were approaching the exit. Seen from the inside of the mountains,the radiations trembled on the glittering ground like the lashes of an Before us the whole field of vision palpitated and agitated, a golden harvest, the mostbeautiful wheat-field of light. In passing, I gathered the heaviest stalks and tiedthem ill a bunch ; here is what I carry away to make ever fruitful the land of men :North Star called wheat of Szarawka or of Poland : very characteristic andpeculiar yellow grain, full grown and heavy, with white straw of medium height.Difficult to cut but resists frost very well.Algol, called Red of the Valutte : a red grass, having a reddish straw, of me- dium height, which resists cutting but ripens quickly, leaving room for hardlyany weeds. Grows in almost any soil; can be planted up to the end of February.Altair, called Japhet or Wheat of God : fine reddish grain, full-grown,ripenswell. White straw of medium height, rather strong. May be grown in any soil,and sown either in the autumn or the spring. Very early ;no subsidiary growths.Betelgeuse, called Good Farmer: Yellow grain, heavy, well liked by millers,resists rust. Straw bright yellow and inflexible. Early, no subsidiary growthsand may be grown in any soil.The Stalk, called Red Scotch Goldenrod: medium sized grain, generally pol- ished, half-yellow, half red. Very fine straw, long and strong, often coloredviolet above the stem ; very sturdy, resists frost well and rust, many subsidiarygrowths, and late harvest.Aldabaran, called The Fields : magnificent bright yellow grain, plump andheavy. Beautiful white straw, rather long but very fibrous. Does not rust andhas many subsidiary growths, but well everywhere.Rigel, called Carter : yellowish-grey grain, very plump, a little wrinkled.White straw, long but thick and hard to cut. A few subsidiary growths. Re- quires good soil.Archimard, called Yellow Beard: red-brown grain, black at the core;yellow straw. Brown thick velvety stalk. The most productive of all the varie- ties. Very sturdy, resists frost and disease. Has the fault of being late.The Southern Cross, called The Reed : white grain; rather plump. Whitestraw, thick and fibrous, with large leaves. The earliest of the square stemmedwheat. Ripens well. Should be sown in good soil.I had come to believe that we had really been travelling within an eye andthat I had been seeing things. Wheat of the brain. CHAPTER VII. Of the Parturition of Colors. Where are we, everything becomes diffuse, dissolves. The machine groans.Each revolution of the propeller is my most intimate thought.The crystal lining of the motor becomes malleable and swells up. The most solidly compounded metals separate from each other, and liquids become volatile.It grows impossible to breathe this air. My men are shaken with frightenedlaughter. I was forced to tie them one by one, to their levers, to bind them totheir posts. Will their automatic gestures suffice to save us ?A few moments later, as I made my turn about the ship, the floor weakenedbeneath my weight, I sank through the deck as if it were of mud. The hardestobjects seemed to perspire with the heat. The most luminous spheres becamecoated with a film. The highly polished corners became rusty, while other sur- faces lost their shine. The phosphorescent clock-faces were extinguished.Everything cracks about me. Everything disintegrates, melts, grows faintand immaterial.I seek refuge in the central cabin, which I had isolated from the rest. I seizethe chest which contains the agent, the principle of my machine : the MolecularSpiral. L,et come what will! My eye glued to the periscope attached to thechest, I observe the perpetual motion of which lam the inventor. Here is thespark. One millionth of a second. The spark oscillates, palpitates, lives andrevolves in an absolute void, enclosed in a concave hepatite. All about theZN-vibrios, which should unite with, decompose, and multiply the spark of ultra- white incandescence, seem to recoil, saturated; a short circuit makes connectionimpossible. Everything has ceased to function. The void in the hepatite invadesall parts of the machine. Everybody, every object, every instrument on boardis dilated, then shrinks and falls back upon itself, discharging a thousand worm- shaped tendrils. The intra-molecular mesh is clearly defined, and the atoms ro- tate visibly. My ship opens like the rose of the wind, and closes again likea capsule. We are about to explode. I can only see now through my brain. Imust try to restore the circulation. With my fingers on the keys of the vacuum,I succeed in turning away the currents of the void by drawing it toward thoseparts of the engine which serve as vacuum ballasts. Enormous discharges ofvoid re-establish the co-efficient of density. At this point I am witness to astrange phenomenon. In the return of the flame, the hepatite sizzles andeverything is filled with smoke. My field of vision is drowned in awhirlpool. A brownish red slowly attacks the screen and pervades it. Then adark red, with a rough surface, wrinkled like seaweed, and formed of films placedside by side, appears. Each membrane has upon it a blister which tremblesand bursts like cooling lava. All of a sudden, the mass of red fucus breaks apartin the middle, the films group themselves to right and to left, the blisters becomemore virulent, and a blue line appears which spreads rapidly and expands towardthe top and toward the bottom. This blue extends its branches in all direc- tions. It pushes out into the red of the little trembling films, in the form of awedge, like the leaves of the capillary. The blue and red leaves align themselves together, one blue with one red and turn about gently until they dissolve. Thereremains nothing save two bean-sliaped spots, one blue and one red, facing oneanother. One might suppose they were two embryos, one masculine and theother feminine. They approach, join, divide and multiply, by cells or groups ofcells. Every spore is enclosed in a violet net which soon swells out and becomesfleshy like a pistil. Little orange lozenges float about on the suface. 'Soonthe orange and the violet begin to devour one another. Twigs, branches, trunksall tremble, collapse, rise up again. Suddenly the orange blossoms like the flowerof the gourd. The calyx deepens, and at the bottom two violet pistils tremble ona red and blue stamen. Everything whirls dizzily from the center to the peri- phery. A ball is set up, a ball' of brilliant yellow, looking very much like a fruit.The yellow explodes, causing confetti and multicolored seed to come out in par- ticles of all sizes and shapes. Then everything falls, as hard as hail, and uni- formly green. In the midst of them appear threads and chains and links ofevery kind. Trunks and branches, knotted, elongated, distorted. Grass, thatblackens and then turns ashen, only to disappear finally into a thick mist offorms that merge into white. The white becomes fixed and frozen. Then thereis the ultra-white in the shape of a disc, while in the center the spiral functions.Its movement is regular. I let' go of the vacuum, and evetything congeals about,me. The liquids can be compressed no further. Hard bodies regain their sharpprojections, their clean angles. Domestic shapes develop out of each other,familiar and useful. The machines are singing. The rudder works again. Thequality of matter is color in space ; in the void it is the motion of falling, and wehave industrialized the process. It is the origin of all things. CHAPTER VIII. Of the Heteroclite. Above and below, the sky grips us everywhere.We sail along in an atmosphere somehow soft, calm, tender. Vague con- stellations pass us by like white clouds in summer. Soapy masses rise and fall,plunge, slide, and collapse. Everything moves gently. We leave a snowywake behind.Our passage becomes slower and slower. Everything thickens. I placeus somewhere in the Baltic, the Baltic of the Sky. Pearls shimmer softly.There is flying velvet in the air. Wings that whirl about.Light as down, the flakes irradiate light.Now we are making hardly three knots an hour, pushing as we are thiouglia strong resistance, against a yielding barrier, attended by raucous bellowing,the agitation of fins, and the roaring of shells. I believe that we are in an impasse. I long for the first time for the humanabode that we have left. My men are pale and bloodless, the blue showing undertheir skins ; they look at me with haggard eyes. The clock, the clock, turnshysterically backward. One thousand years, ten thousand years, a hundredthousand years. We are on our way. What have we found ? A giant penguinmocks at us as he beats his wings. My index finger is like the beak of a birdscratching under a wing, it picks out my wrinkles. The sky is of gelatinousoil, streaked with yellow, thickened with agate and with clotted grease in a greenbottle.Everything is agitated, opens and closes like ears. Microscopic mouths.Round and bulbous objects disappear, come back, unmask themselves, and vanishagain in a flash. Gilded balls rise, descend, trace figures. Meditation ? Play ?Arabesques and designs can be distinguished. A herd of motley-colored horsesdash by, their feet hardly touching the ground. The coyotes are baying. Achimpanzee balances himself on one arm. The palm tree bends. Bevy of but- terflies. Covey of birds. A little badger dog. A caterpillar. A mole strutslike a peacock.At the laughter of a clown, the frippery is torn. The emerald-color diligencedischarges its load. Everything cracks, everythings breaks. Transparent cra- ters open up and reveal an assemblage of shining kitchen utensils. An Indian anda blue negro dance about the hearth and juggle with great Spanish onions. Anostrich egg rolls down to the foot of a slope.Sheep in the grip of vertigo, turn about in the depths of a funnel. Snowball.The avalanche quarters itself by becoming immobile. A fountain of water gushesrigidly from it. Cracks of the whip. Lightning flashes. Blizzard. Forestsgrow up and die. Sheets of ice fly off like tiles. A woman shakes out her skirts.The arms of a windmill turning. A prodigious landslide, books fall from librariesand open up, their leaves fluttering all the way down like sea swallows behindus.Then everything becomes glazed, murky, thin, like the negative of a photo- graph. Silver bath. Cannonade of mountains. We are caught in the ice-floesof the sky.Hibernation.Stupefied, I regard the frozen footprints of the Little Bear on the ice. Inthe middle, there is the hole where the seal of the night comes, to breathe.To escape from the melancholy that is overwhelming me, I plunge myselfinto the reading of the principal work of Rob Fludd de Fluctibus Armigero :Tractatus secundus de Naturae Simla seu Technica macrocosmi historia in partesundicem divisa. Treatise anno 1618 of the Nobile Oppenheimio, the most com- plete treaty on the music of the spheres. CHAPTER IX. Of the Human Mind Springtime.We wallow about on the borders of light. In the distance, behind a sanddune, we discover two young suns rolling over one another like two young lionsat play, knocking one another down, and destroying creation with their strongyoung teeth. The four elements reduced to powder become a mane, which theirfrothing jaws destroy. Everything goes up in sparks, the forests, the mountains,and their young claws are whetted on the navel of the universe. CHAPTER X. Of Woman It is the summer of Berenice. Hair, rope, vines have seized us and raisedus*to the centre of what dark s}anbolic forest ! The nearest stars are like flow- ers, and the farthest off growl and bark like jackals and dogs. A monkey isleaning against the port-hole of my cabin and I cannot withdraw my gaze fromthat congested face. Behind us the pure light that we have just left recedes,grows a while, and finally diminishes. CHAPTER XI. Of the Calendar This is the naked summit of space, the double apex which falls continually,the double mountain of soil that runs through like an hour-glass and is reversed.Up there. Earth is right at your door, seems to be quite near. In the winkingof an eye, one can see the gnarled peasant who leads it, and hear his hoarse voiceurging the oxen yoked to the heavy plough. The first furrow is traced from one endof the sky to the other. The two hemispheres detach themselves. Everythingturns. We too roll, entrained in the general ruin. Night falls upon us. Thesoil covers us. The utmost depths of the ocean are emptied upon us.Shells, fins, a pinioned animal and quartered nobility fall upon us. CHAPTER XII. Of the Powder of Projection We enter the zone of attraction, of gravitation, and of conjugations, figuresof melanchofy and monogram for the heart. One would think that they were microscopic preparations so clearly is the network of nerves and veins sketchedupon the unripened rondel of the night.Parabolas. Red balls.Everything becomes fresh. The course breaks. It is old age that breathesupon us, unexpected, sudden, terrible, like a comet. Is it seven ? Is it four ? Wecan no longer count on our fingers. My companions whiten from head to footand fall to dust." Every man to his post! "There is not even a grinning death's head to mock at me. We are goingto be agglomerated, digested, reduced to nothing, and thrown to the little fishesbehind the sky. I can no longer struggle against decomposition, but lam stillthe master of our direction. We must return to our point of departure. PerhapsI still have the strength to come back to the haunts of men. I make use of alittle vaporizer. The powder of projection transmutes the engine into pure so- lar matter. Now nothing can stop our progress ;we are going back to our source.Almost immediately we begin to rise and fall dizzily. We leave behindus all the picturesque scenery of the heavens -— the chiefs, the slaves, the bazaar,the tattooing for exportation — to salute as we pass the more familiar celestialphenomena which fly by in pairs.Constellations in flocks like birds announce better known regions. Here isalready the great cataract. lam faint. I have not the strength to land. Wepass through the earth's atmosphere like a meteor. Golden scarab. Zigzagin the form of a question mark. Explosion. Henri Matisse Drawing EPITAPHS For the Friends of Philippe Soupault P. S. I have been told that there are cities in this world inhabited by men whodo not know these names. Old airs, old refrains and jingles are the best re- membrances. Perhaps it would be wisest for us to place the reader on his guardagainst any tendency he might have to regard the ensemble of these pages asfuneral orations fallen from the pen of a poet.My friends are quite, quite alive. I have simply amused myself (singularpastime, the reader will exclaim) in believing them dead. I must admit thatI nourished a secret hope. But my verses were impotent. In reality, all thesepersons bearing such distinguished names are none other than Philippe Soupault.I must then thank my friends, in passing, for having suffered themselves to ex- ist for a brief moment as the reflections of another's personality. They have un- derstood even better than I that the fact that I lived near the Morgue was noreason for taking me for an undertaker. ARTHUR CRAVAN The vendors of four seasons have all emigrated to MexicoOld boxer you are dead out thereYou don't even know why.You cried out louder than we in the palaces of Americaand in all the cafes of ParisYou have never examined yourself in a glassYou are hibernating in the hospitalWhat are you going to do in Heaven old manI have nothing more to hide from youThe Seine flows before my windowYour friends are very richI have a mad desire to smoke. FRANCIS PICABIA Whydid you wish to be buried with your four dogsa newspaperand your hatYou also requested that there be written upon your tombBON VOYAGEYou will be taken for a madman again up there. THEODORE FRAENKEL It was a wonderful day when you diedthe cemetery looked so prettythat hardly anyone could really be sadAfter a while it was noticed that you were no longer thereI do not hear your snickeringYou are hushedor you are shrugging your shouldersYou never had the faintest desire to visit Paradiseand now you don't know where to gobut you will only jest about it. MARIE LAURENCIN The lovely bird in its cageis your smile within the tombthe leaves are dancingIt is going to rain a long timeTonight before going outI shall put flowers on all the trees for youA doe approaches gentlyThe clouds you know are rose and blue. LOUIS ARAGON Your little friends have made a garland for youThey have woven you a wreathout of all your little liesLook I have brought you paperand a very good penYou will make poems through all EternityYour guardian angel will console youI shall tie the knot of your cravatI shall teach you how to smileYou have already forgotten meGod is much nicer than I. PAUL ELUARD Take your cane and your gloves along with youstand straightyour eyes closedthe clouds of cotton are far awayand you were gone without bidding me goodbyeIt rainsrainsrains TRISTAN TZARA Philippe Soupault (Translated from the French by Matthew Josephson) Who is thereYou never shook my handThere was much laughter when it was known that you were deadWe had so feared that you were eternalYour last sighyour last smileNeither flowers nor posiesMerely the little automobilesand the butterfly wings ten yards long. Drawing Henri Matisse YOUNG MAN WITH SPECTACLES Malcolm Cowley I do not wish to describe his minor details : for example that he had blueor brown eyes and was somewhat under six feet tall, that he attended HarvardUniversity (or Chicago), and that he was the only son of an unimportant lawyerin Pennsylvania or Nebraska. This much about him is essential: he was notyet twenty-five; he was very serious; he wrote. He claimed that his favouriteauthors were Shakespeare and T. S. Eliot.I met him. . . I think I met him first in Boston at an ephemeral tearoomknown as the Common Cupboard. Between those violent sucks at a corncobpipe which took the place of the'missing punctuation marks, Max Bodenheimhad just finished reading a poetic play. There was a. discussion which he —Walter, his name was — did not enter. His steel-rimmed glasses had slippeddown the bridge of his nose and he stared at us over the top of them ... I methim afterwards at the Albertson farm and at a bookstore in Chicago. Althoughhe lived for a year in New York I saw him rarely, except on occasional Sundaymornings when he crossed Washington Square in an old golf suit, his eyes ap- parently fixed on other worlds. I never followed his travels. Foster Damoncame across him at the Adlon in Berlin ; having found an empty mirror, he wasusing it dreamily to examine the buttons of his vest. " A nice boy/' Fosteradded, " but colourless, like his eyes." Evidently they were the detail bywhich people identified him ; they were blue, now that I remember, rather thanbrown, and watery with too much reading ... I met him in Paris.I found him, to be exact, at the Cafe des Deux Magots ; he was just finishinga beer. " No, thanks," he said, answering an invitation, " it's all I drink.I don't gamble. I steal and lie but Igo to bed early. Sexually I'm as spot- less as a boy hero out of Horatio Alger, (i) You might call it the new puri- tanism. . . If a poet wants to express American life, he has got to live it first.He should live it, preferably, in Paris, where he can have some perspective onhis own actions. He should shave with a Gillette, compose on a Corona, andbe clean mentally and bodily ;in all respects the Arrow collar boy. It's worthdoing .. . Our age and nation are extraordinary subjects for literature. Newforms. New movement. An intellectual ferment which puts this period ona par with that of Marlowe and Drake. .. I want to jump smack into the middleof it. I want to be a mechanic and set flywheels rotating at the touch of a but- ton. I want to write poems that have the vigour of advertising copy.His spectacles had slipped down again and he was staring into his glass vaguely,as if in negation of this factitious energy. * *When I was in Normandy lie sent me a letter. " I want you to join mein founding a new literary school. It will exist in the Fourth Dimension, andwill describe the time factor in motion and measurement. . . Up till this timeArt has expressed only the motion of the object. The curious effect that isattained when the observer himself is moving ; the sort of impression that wegain from so common an experience as looking out the window of a streetcar,has never adequately been expressed. . . Therefore let us found a new litera- ture to describe these curious effects : double motions and triple motions, aswhen several trains pass each other in a subway ; an express crawls past a localwhile the posts between them stride back tremendously. Sounds that dropthiough several octaves and die when your train moves away from them. Land- scapes unrolling like a reel of film. The dramatic relation of cogwheels to oneanother. . . We shall found a new school on this basis. We shall call it TheCourve, or better, just Courve — nobody uses names with ' the ' today. .He went on to elaborate the idea. He suggested that the poetry of the school,instead of being published, should be exhibited. Wre should scratch our poemson the glass of revolving doors, or paint them on slowly rotating belts, or onthe stationary banister of a moving stairway ; anything, as he said, to aid inexpressing their motion,When I returned to Paris, I asked him about Courve. " It's dead andburied/' he said. " I found that some of the Futurists had been doing justwhat I wanted to." " But it was an amusing idea ; why didn't you go aheadwith it anyhow ? " He thought the question unnecessary. "It wouldn'thave been original. I want to preserve my own personality ".(i) In my opin- ion his acquaintance with the work of Marinetti was preventing him from express- ing his own personality, but I did not tell him so ; it was no use.** *Afterwards I came to believe that his conversation with Stewart Mit- chell must really have affected the development of his ideas. Certainly thetwo were each other's opposites. Mitchell has the quality of being a littledetached from time; he is a phenomenon which might have occurred in any yearsince the middle of the seventeenth century. Walter, on the other hand, datesbelonging definitely to the generation which fought the last year or twoof the war, but not the first. Normally he would have little sympathy with Mitchell, and their dialogue was due solely to the chance which threw themtogether, after the Opera, on the back platform of an autobus.They talked shop. " Just now the only quality which interests me ina poem," said Walter, " is its geometrical construction : whether it is planeor solid, circular or conical; whether or not its balance is perfect; whether itends at a given point or proceeds, like parallel lines, into infinity. Take Eliotfor example. To me the charm of his poetry is the fact that it is written intwo planes : one the plane of quotidian life and the other a region of utterfable." Very softly he began to quote:Phlebas, le Phenicien, pendant qitinze jours noyeOubliait les oris des mouetles et la houle de Cornouaille," I think sometimes that artistic beauty is nearly related to mathema- tics. .." At this point he stopped suddenly, Mitchell said, as if he had unin- tentionally introduced the subject of sodomy to a Cambridge tea-party. " Itry to keep away from aesthetics. The field would be fascinating for me,but if . . . ever I entered it, I should be dead as a. poet. . . And anyhow thereare no general principles ; I try to treat each new work as a new problem. Onceyou begin to philosophize, you cease to be an artist." " Why ? " asked Mitchell.Walter waited some time before replying. One could watch several an- swers quiver in turn on his lips, Mitchell told me ; replies which would showthe eternal separateness of the critical and the creative instincts ; vague mem- ories of Whistler's Ten O'Clock, the conversation of his own group, and theDada Manifesto. One man knew them just as well as the other, and Mitchellwas grateful that he did not repeat them. Instead, Walter seemed to bethinking out the problem for himself, and it was a long time before he arrivedat any solution. Finally, " Damned if I know,"he said.Mitchell, unlike his custom, pressed the argument. " You seem to thinkthat a wall exists between criticism and creation, and that you must be eitheron one side or the other ; as if you were in Belfast and somebody put a revolverto your head and asked whether you were Protestant or Catholic. PersonallyI can see no such definite distinction, nor could I ever decide where creationended and criticism began ... The same with art and aesthetics; their bor- ders are indefinite. When Gourmont or Mallarme originated an aesthetic (hechose names which Walter would respect) they did not cease from that momentto be artists ; in fact their art is dependent on aesthetics. So is all other art;some poets or painters think out a system for themselves, and some are con- tent to borrow ... "It was Mitchell's station and he jumped down. Walterdid not even see him go ; his eyes had drifted into the vacancy of theirusual stare. * s* *It was about two weeks later when I saw him, towards midnight, stridingdown the Boulevard St. Michel and looking deeply into the face of every onewho passed, as if he had something very important to say. A certain youngwoman whom we all knew by sight, for she was attached to that particularblock of sidewalk like a serf to the land ; this certain Magdalene misunderstoodhis gesture, and made some remark to him, at which, even under the dimlight, I could see him flushing. Two seconds later, he caught sight of me andhurried up, his lips trembling with unuttered speech. I was cruel enough toorder a drink before I let him talk ; from the nervous way he gulped at it Ido not think he noticed what it was.He spoke much more rapidly than usual. "If I were a tyrant I'd hangevery writer ten years older than myself. Theirs is the generation whichcarried to extremes this talk about modernism in literature, as if nobody everwrote before Ibsen. They set about deliberately to destroy every literarytradition, and being most of them ferocious communists, they talked as ifliterature was each man's private property. They made originality the highestvirtue. Since a child has infinitely more chance of being original than anyeducated man, their finest poetry was written by a little girl of nine. Theyare our schoolmasters in literature, but none of them ever told us that prosebegins with a good sentence, and poetry with the ability to write a heroiccouplet. I'd hang them all." He took a simultaneous gulp of air and cognac." They are afraid of ideas. They do not find enough originality in anidea. It can occur to several people at once, and after it has been expressedit belongs to the whole world. A man's sensations, on the other hand, areto some extent his private possession. That is why this generation of writers,which values originality above all other virtues, sacrifices ideas to .sensation, (i)But you cannot build a literature on individual sensation alone.He continued, speaking more and more rapidly and leaving hardly anoticeable pause between his sentences. " Art is not individual property, it isa function of the race, it is a perpetually unfinished edifice to which eachman adds one stone and passes on: a museum to which each artist contributesone picture: it is the sum of the ideals of a race which is wThy the art of pastages should be preserved and why, being dangerous, it should be destroyed. . . " He was out of breath and .stopped for a moment, although he still preservedthe illusion that I was listening to him. " I know that these statements are notoriginal. That is why they please me. I feel that when I make them I amsharing in the thought of a whole civilization ; that the nature of my remarkshas been absolutely determined by men who were no ancestors of mine andwho died a thousand years ago ; you might say that I was dizzy with the ideaof causation." From this time on he spoke in a lower voice, as if to himself,so that I could hear only detached words : " Determinism .. . mathematicalproportion. . . the arts are not one but many ... purgation ... integral elegance .. .each man deposits .. ." He rose and left me, staggering in his intellectualecstasy as if he had drunk too much, and probably he had.** *As Walter stumbled home his brain was still deliciously crowded withideas. His work, his life, his environment seemed infinitely logical, and boundeach to each by eternal causes. He tried to distinguish and formulate thesecauses. He felt that his effort was utterly disinterested ; he would never beable to sell his ideas or even to make copy out of them, and for that reasonhe invested them with a special value. But they evaporated little by littleand left him with only the sensation of having given them birth ; it was stillan ecstasy, but of a different order. Finally his consciousness reduced itselfto a few words ; words which he had so fully clothed with a personality that theymight have been real people walking down the corridors of his mind. " Art. . .purgation .. . method .. . art " : they recurred rhythmically and groupedthemselves into lines :Art is a common method of purgationa spiritual steaming of the bowelsand each man comes, deposits, passes onpasses onand then is heard no more. It is a noisemade by an idiot, full of sound and fury,signifying nothing nothingDecidedly he could get no further with it; he undressed heavily and fellinto bed. As he lay there gradually dozing, the words to which he had attachedso much value continued their parade through his mind : " Art is the mathe- matics of the flesh. . . a carnal harmony, which being attained .. . leads usbehind the curtain of the flesh ... to float across a limitless sea of light .. .among impersonal forms ... a moment logical and white .. . and white and logical... a moment. . (i) From the way Walter uses the words ' personality ' and-' originality ' he evidentlybelieves they are synonymous. (i) Note how Walter's attitude lias changed in the last month. He now believesthat, like psycho-analysis, originality is only a contemporary catchword. In supportof his new opinion he might, if he were better read, have called attention to the factthat the word itself occurs rarely in the critical literature of the eighteenth century, andalmost never in the seventeenth. At that time originality was considered a vice. (i) Walter exaggerated; lie had never read Horatio Alger. THE LAY OF MALDOROR Comte de Lautréamont (Translated by John Rodker) .(Further Selections from Second Canto)I sought a soul which was like my own and could not findone. I ransacked the corners of the earth, my persistence was use- less. Yet I could not remain alone. I needed someone who approvedof my nature ; I needed someone who had the same ideas as myself.It was morning ; the sun was rising in all its splendour on the hori- zon, and there to my eyes a young man rose also whose presenceengendered flowers on his path. He approached me and offeringhis hand: " I have come to you who seek me. Praised be this happyday. " But I : "Go away ; I have not called you : I do not needyour friendship... " It was evening ; night began to spread the black- ness of her veil over nature. A beautiful woman, whom I could hard- ly see, also spread over me her enchanting influence, and lookedpitifully at me ; still, she dared not speak to me. I said : " Comenear, so that I may clearly see your features for at this distance thestarlight is not strong enough to illumine them. " So with a humblegait and lowered eyes, moving towards me, she trod the grassysward. When I saw her : I see that goodness and justice havemade their abode in your heart; we cannot live together. Now,you admire my beauty which has agitated more than one person ;but sooner or later, you will repent of having devoted your love tome ; for you do not know my soul. Not that lam ever unfaithful.She who gives herself to me with so much abandon, so confidingly,to her do I give myself ; but get well into your head so that you maynever forget it ; wolves and lambs do not make eyes at eachother. " What did I need then, who with so much disgust rejectedwhat was finest in humanity ! What I needed I could not have said.I had not then got used to making myself, by means of methods re- commended by philosophy, an exact account of the phenomena of my spirit. I sat down 011 a rock near the sea. A ship had just cram- med full sail on to keep off that shore, an imperceptible spot had ap- peared on the horizon and impelled by the storm, approached grad- ually, rapidly growing in size. The tempest was about to com- mence its attack and the sky had already darkened, becoming a blacknearly as hideous as the heart of man. The vessel, a huge warship,had cast all its anchors, that it might not be swept on to the rocksof that coast. From the four cardinal points the wind whistled fur- iously and tore the sails to shreds. Thunder-claps burst amid light- ning flashes, but could not surpass the noise of lamentations whichwere heard on the foundationless house, moving sepulchre. Thebillowing of these aqueous masses had not succeeded in parting thechains of the anchors, but their thuds had opened a water way inthe sides of the vessel. Huge breach; for the pumps sufficed not tothrow out the quantities of salt water which, like mountains, frothingfell upon the bridge. The imperilled vessel fires its distress gunagain and again, but sinks slowly... majestically. He who has notseen a vessel sink amid the hurricane, the intermittent lightning,and the most profound darkness, while those it contains are over- whelmed with that despair already known to you, does not knowlife's possibilities. In the end a universal cry of immense anguishescapes from the flanks of the vessel, and the sea redoubles its fear- ful attacks. It is the abandon of human forces which give causeto the vent of this cry. Each wraps himself in the mantle of resig- nation and puts his fate back into the hands of God. They hangback like a flock of sheep. The imperilled vessel fires its distress gunagain and again, but sinks slowly... majestically. Throughout thewhole day the pumps have been working. Useless effort. Nightis come, implacable and dense, to crown the gratuitous sight. Eachtells himself that once in the water he will be unable to breathe; for,as far back as he can remember, he cannot call to mind any fish asancestor ; but he exhorts himself to hold back his breath as long aspossible, that he may prolong his life some two or three seconds; thatis the vengeful irony he would direct at death... The imperilled ves- sel fires its distress gun again and again... but sinks slowly, majes- tically... He does not know that .the ship in sinking causes a mightybillowing of the waves about themselves ; that the slimy ooze ismixed with the troubled waters and that a force from below, reac- tion of the tempest which works its ravages above, makes the ele- ment shift suddenly and nervously. Thus, despite the stock of sang- froid he plucks up in advance, the about to be drowned man shouldon longer reflection consider himself happy if, in the whirlpool of theabysm, he prolongs his life one half of an ordinary breath (to leavea good margin). Therefore it will be impossible for him to defydeath, his supreme desire. The imperilled vessel fires its distressguns again and again... but sinks slowly... majestically. It's anerror. It no longer fires its distress guns, it does not sink. Thenutshell is completely engulfed. O heavens ! how can one liveafter having experienced such intense pleasure ! It has been givenme to witness the death pangs of many of my fellows. Minute byminute I followed the vicissitudes of their agonies. Now the bel- lowing of some old woman, mad with fright, led the market. Nowthe yelping of a baby at the breast prevented one from hearing thecaptain's orders. The ship was too far off for me to perceive dis- tinctly the moans which the storm brought me, but I approachedwith my will and the optical illusion was complete.Every quarter hour, when some stronger blast of wind producingits mournful notes above the cry of terrified petrels, dislocated thevessel in longitudinal cracks, and increased the plaint of those aboutto be offered as holocaust to death, I dug the sharpened point of apiece of iron into my cheek and thought secretly : " They're suffer- ing now ! " Thus at least I had some method of comparison. Fromthe shore, I apostrophised them, casting imprecations and menacesupon them. I thought they • must hear me. It seemed that myhatred, my speech, leaping the distance, annihilated the physical lawsof sound and arrived distinct to their ears deafened by the moaningof the angry sea. I thought they must think of me and breathe outtheir vengeance in impotent rage. From time to time I cast a look at the cities, asleep on solid earth, and seeing that no one suspectedthat a vessel was about to sink a few miles off the shore, with a crownof birds of prey and a throne of aquatic giants with empty stomachs,I regained my courage, and hope returned to me ; I was sure then oftheir destruction. They could not escape. In an excess of precau- tion, I had been to get my double barrelled gun so that, if some cast- away tried to avoid an imminent death by swimming to reachthe rocks, a ball in the shoulder would smash his arm and preventhim accomplishing his design. At the most lurid moment of thestorm, I saw a powerful head hair on end, swimming upon the waveswith despairing efforts. It swallowed pints of water, and sinking intothe abysm bobbed like a cork. But soon, its hair dripping, it appearedagain, and fixing its eye on the shore, seemed to defy death.His coolness was wonderful. A large bleeding wound, causedby the point of some hidden reef, scarred his noble and intrepidfeatures. He could not be more than sixteen years, for vaguelythrough the flashes which lit up the night, the bloom of a peachwas to be seen on his lip. And now, he was not more than 200 yardsfrom the cliff, and I could see him easily. What courage — what in- domitable spirit. How the fixity of his head seemed to defy fate, *while he vigorously cut the wave, whose furrows opened laboriouslybefore him... I had already made my mind up ; I owed it to myselfto keep my promise ; the last hour had tolled for all, and none mustescape. That was my resolution... nothing could change it... A sharpreport was heard and, at the same time, the head sank to appear nomore. I did not take so much pleasure as might be thought in thismurder, and it was precisely because I was surfeited with continuedkilling, that I did it again out of mere habit, which was impossible togive up but which only mildly amused me. The senses were blunted,hardened. What pleasure could I feel in the death of this humanbeing, when there were more than a hundred who, once the vesselwent down, were about to offer me the spectacle of their last fightwith the waves.As for this death, I had not even the attraction of danger, for human justice, rocked to sleep by the hurricane of this fearful night,slept in its house at some small distance. To-day when the yearsweigh me down, I say sincerely and as a supreme and solemn truththat I was not as cruel as was subsequently said among men; butthere were times when their ill-will worked its persistent ravagesthroughout whole years. Then my fury knew 110 bounds, accesses ofcruelty took me and I became terrible to him who drew near to myhaggard eyes, did he at all belong to my race. Were it a horse ordog I allowed it to go: did you hear what I just said ? Unfortunatelyon the night of this storm I was in -one of these rages, my reason hadgone (for usually I was just as cruel, but more careful) and what- ever fell into my hands at that time had to perish; Ido not mean toexcuse my faults. The fault is not entirely due to my fellows.. I onlystate what is, while awaiting the last judgment which makes mescratch my nape beforehand... What-does the last judgment matter tome ! I never lose my reason, as I said in order to deceive you. Andwhen I commit a crime, I know what I am doing, it is the only thingI want to do. Upright on a rock and while the hurricane whip- ped my hair and cloak, I gazed in ecstacy at the might of the tempest;intent upon a ship under a starless sky. In a triumphal attitudeI followed the vicissitudes of the drama, from the moment when theship cast its anchors to the time when it foundered; fatal garmentwhich drew into the bowels of the sea those who had been clothedas by a cloak. But the moment drew near when I was about to takean active part in these scenes of agitated nature. When the placewhere the vessel had sustained the combat clearly showed that ithad gone to spend the rest of its days 011 the sea's ground floor, thosewho had been swept away with the waves reappeared partly on thesurface. They clasped each other round the body, two by two,three by three ; it was the means by which not to save their lives,for their movements became embarrassed and they sank again likepots with holes in them... What is that army of marine monstersthat swiftly cuts the wave ? There are six, their fins are power- ful and open up a way through the towering waves. Of all these human beings waving their four limbs in this hardly stable conti- nent, the sharks soon make only an eggless omelette, and divide it accord- ing to the law of the stronger. Blood mixes with water, and watermixes with blood. Their fierce eyes give light enough to the scene ofcarnage... But what tumult of water is this now, there on the horizon ?One would think a waterspout was approaching. What action !I see what it is. An enormous female shark arrives to take her shareof the goose-liver paste, and of the cold boiled beef.vShe is furious, for she arrives starving. A fight begins betweenher and the sharks, in dispute of the few palpitating limbs floatinghere and there*in silence on the surface of the ruddy cream. Toright, to left, her jaws snap and give mortal wounds. But three liv- ing sharks still surround her and she is compelled to turn in alldirections to outwit their manoeuvres. With growing emotion,unfelt till then, the spectator on the shore follows this new kind ofnaval battle. His eyes are glued on the female shark whose teethare so strong. No longer does he hesitate, but shoulders his gunand with his usual skill at the moment when one of the sharks showsitself above a wave, lodges his second ball in its ear. Remaintwo sharks who manifest only a stronger, obstinacy. From the topof his rock, the man-with the jaundiced saliva throws himself intothe sea and swims towards the agreeably tinted carpet, holding inhis hand the knife of steel which never quits him. Now each sharkhas to deal with an enemy. He moves towards his tired enemy andbiding his time, buries the keen blade in its belly. The mobile fort- ress rids herself easily of the last adversary... The swimmer and thefemale shark saved by him find themselves together. They regard eachother fixedly for some moments, and each is interested to find somuch ferocity in the other's expression. They swim circling round,but keep each other well in sight, telling themselves : " I was mis- taken up till now ; there is someone who is more evil. " Then witha common accord, with a mutual admiration, they slide towardseach other between two waves, the female shark with her fins part- ing the waves, Maldoror striking the billows with his arms, holding back their breaths in profound veneration, each anxious to contem- plate his speaking likeness for the first time. At eight yards fromeach other, like two lovers they fall suddenly together withoutany effort and embrace with dignity and gratitude, in a clasp astender as that of a brother and a sister. Carnal desires closely fol- low this amicable display. Two sinewy thighs like two leeches fastenclosely to the monster's viscous skin and twine with love aboutthe body of the loved object, while their throats and breasts soonform but a glaucous mass like the exhalations of seaweed ; in themidst of the storm which still rages ; by the flash of lightnings, thespumy wave for their hymeneal bed, they are swept along by an un- dercurrent as though in a cradle and rolling over each other towardsthe depths of the abysm, cling together again in a long chaste andhideous copulation !... At last I had found someone who was likeme ! From that moment I was no longer alone in the world ! Shehad the same ideas as myself... I stood before my first love !O austere mathematics, I have not forgotten you since the timeyour learned lessons, sweeter than honey, percolated into my heartlike a refreshing flood. Instinctively, from the cradle, I aspired todrink from your spring, more ancient, than the sun, and still themost devoted of your initiates I continue to tread the sacred precinctsof your solemn temple. There is a void in my spirit, a somethingthick as smoke, but I know how to pass religiously the steps whichlead to your altar and you have chased away the obscure veil as thewind upsets a draughtboard. In its place you put an excessivecoldness, a consummate prudence and an implacable logic. Bythe aid of your fortifying milk, my intelligence has rapidly devel- oped, and has taken on enormous proportions, in the centre of thisravishing light which you present prodigally to those who love youwith a sincere love. Arithmetic! algebra! geometry! magnificenttrinity, luminous triangle. He who has not known you is a mad man !He deserves the greatest torments, for there is ignorant scorn inhis foolish carelessness ; but he who knows and appreciates you de- sires no more of earth's good things ; contents himself with yourmagic joys, and transported upon your sombre wings, desires only(describing an ascending spiral) to raise himself in easy flight to thespherical dome of heaven.Earth but shows him illusions and moral phantasmagoria;but you, O concise mathematics, by the vigorous concatenation ofyour tenacious propositions and the constancy of your iron laws,make a mighty reflection of this supreme truth shine before dazzledeyes; the very imprint of which is observed in the order of the universe.But the order surrounding you, represented chiefly by the perfectregularity of the square, Pythagoras's friend, is still greater ; forthe All Powerful has revealed himself and his attributes completelyin the memorable work which was to make your treasures of theo- rems and magnificent splendours sally from the entrails of chaos.In ancient periods, in modern times, more than one great human im- agination saw his genius terrified by the contemplation of yoursymbolic diagrams uncomprehended by the profane vulgar; tracedupon the burning paper, like so many mysterious signs alive withsome latent breath and which were but the startling revelation ofaxioms and eternal hieroglyphics which existed before the universeand which will maintain themselves after it.It asks itself, leaning over the precipice of #n inevitable ques- tion mark how does it happen that mathematics contains so muchimposing grandeur and so much undeniable truth : and comparingit with mankind, finds only in the latter false pride and lies.Then this superior saddened spirit, whom the noble familiarityof your counsels makes feel still more strongly the triviality of man- kind and its unequalled folly, drops his whitened head upon an ema- ciated hand and remains absorbed in supernatural meditations. Hebends his knees before you, and his veneration renders homage toyour divine face as though to the actual likeness of the All Powerful.In my childhood, you appeared to me one night of May by moonlightin a verdant meadow, on the edge of a limpid brook; all three equalin grace and modesty, all three full of majesty like queens. You made some steps towards me with your long robes billowing like amist and drew me to your proud breasts like a blessed son. ThenIran up quickly, my hands contracting on your white throats. Ifed myself gratefully with your fruitful manna, and I felt that hu- manity grew in me and grew better. Since then, O rival goddesses,I have never deserted you. Since then, what energetic projects,what sympathies, which I thought had been engraved upon the pagesof my heart as though in marble, and whose configurating lines havethey not slowly effaced from my undeceived reason, as brighteningdawn effaces the shadows of night.Since then, I have seen death : in the intention, obvious even to thenaked eye of populating tombs ravage the battlefields fattened byhuman blood, and cause morning flowers to appear above the fun- ereal bones. Since then, I have helped the revolutions of ourearth ; earthquakes, volcanoes with their burning lava, the desertsurvivor, and the tempests wrecks have had my presence as impass- ive spectator. Since then, I have seen many human generationsat noon lift their wings and eyes to space with the inexperiencedjoy of the chrysalid who greets his last metamorphosis and dies ateven, before sundown, his head bent, like faded flowers swaying on theplaintive whistling of the wind. But always the same, you remain.No change, no pest laden air brushes the scarped hills and immensevalleys of your identity. Your humble pyramids will last longerthan Egyptian pyramids, anthills raised by stupidity and slavery.The end of the ages will still see upright upon the ruins of time yourcabalistic marks, your laconic equations and your sculptural linesseated at the vengeful right hand of the Almighty, while the starssink with despair like water spouts into the eternity of an awfuluniversal night, and grimacing humanity thinks of settling its ac- counts with the last judgment.Thanks for the innumerable services you have done me. Thanksfor the qualities, strange to me, with which you have enriched myintelligence. But for you, he would have made me roll in the sandand kiss the dust of his feet. But for you, with a treacherous claw he would have torn my blood and bones. But I kept myself on myguard like an experienced athlete. You communicate to me the chillwhich surges from your sublime conceptions, exempt from passion.I avail myself of it disdainfully to reject the ephemeral pleasuresof my short journey and to send from my door the sympathisingthough deceitful offers of my fellows. You communicate to me thestubborn prudence one unwinds at every step in your admirablemethods of analysis, of synthesis and of deduction. I avail myselfof them to rout the pernicious ruses of my mortal enemy, to attackskilfully in my turn, and to plunge into man's viscera a keen daggerwhich will remain buried forever in his body; it is a wound from whichhe will never rise. You communicate logic to me which is as thesoul itself of your instructions, full of wisdom ; and with its syllogismswhose complicated labyrinth is but the more comprehensible, myintelligence feels its audacious forces increased to double. By thehelp of this terrible auxiliary, by swimming into the very depths andin the face of the reef of hatred. I discover in humanity black andhideous malevolence which admiring its navel squats in harmfulmiasmas. First I discover in the darknesses of his entrails, thisaccursed vice, evil! superior in him to the good. With this poisonedweapon which you lend me, I make the Creator himself descend fromhis pedestal constructed by man's cowardice. He gnashes his teethand endures the ignomy of the insult, for he has for adversary onestronger than himself. But I pass him by like a bundle of threads,in order to lower my flight.Descartes the thinker once made the reflection that nothingsolid had been based upon you. It was an ingenious fashion ofmaking understood that the first comer could not immediately dis- cover your inestimable value. Actually, what can be more solid thanthe three principal qualities, already enumerated, which rise enlacedlike a single crown upon the sacred summit of your colossal architec- ture ? Monument which daily discoveries in your diamond minesand scientific exploitation in your superb realms ceaselessly magnify.O sainted mathematics, may you by your perpetual intercourse, console the remainder of my days for the malice of man and the in- justice of the Arch-All.listen to my childish thoughts on awakening, mankind of the redpenis. I am just awake but my mind is still bemused. Every morningI feel a weight on my head. Rarely do I find repose in the night, forwhen I manage to fall asleep frightful dreams torment me. In the day,my thought tires itself in curious imaginings, while my eyes wander athazard through space; and at night, I cannot sleep. When then, mustI sleep ? Yet nature has need to reclaim its rights. Since I disdainher, she pales my face and makes my eyes glitter with the sharp flameof fever. For the rest I ask nothing better than not to exhaust my spiritin continual meditations, but even do I not so wish, my astoundedfeelings draw me irresistably towards this slope. I have observed thatother children are like myself ; but they are still more pale, and theireyebrows are knit like those of men, our elder brothers. O Creator ofthe Universe, this morn I will not fail to offer up to you the incense ofmy infantile prayer. Sometimes I forget, and I have noticed that onthose days I feel happier than usual; my chest freed from all constraintexpands and more at my ease I breathe in the balmy air of the fields ;while, when, ordered by my parents, I perform the painful duty ofdaily addressing to you a song of praise, accompanied by the insepar- able boredom caused by the difficult invention, for the rest of theday I am sad and irritable since it seems neither logical nor naturalto say what I do not think, and I seek the retreat of immense soli- tudes. Do I ask them the explanation of this strange state of mysoul, they do not reply. I want to love and adore you, but you aretoo powerful, and there is fear in my hymns. If by a single manifes- tation of your thought you can destroy or create worlds, my feebleprayers are useless to you ; or if when you please you send cholera toravage cities, or death to carry off in its claws the four ages ofman without any distinction. I do not want to bind myself to soformidable a friend. Not that hatred guides the thread of my reas- ons, but on the contrary I am afraid of your hatred which by some capricious order, may issue from your haart to become immenseas the wing-spread of the Andean condor. Your equivocal amuse- ments are outside my grasp and I would probably be the first vic- tim. You are the Almighty; I do not dispute this title since youalone have the right to bear it, and since your desires with theirevil or happy results are bounded only by yourself. That is pre- cisely why it would be painful for me to walk beside your cruel sap- phire tunic, not as a slave, but at any moment liable to become one.It is true that, when you descend within yourself to questionyour sovereign behaviour, should the phantom of a past injusticeagainst miserable humanity which obeyed you always as your mostfaithful friend erect before you the motionless vertebrae of a venge- ful backbone your haggard eye lets fall the frightened tear of tardyremorse ; and with hair on end you think you will take a sincereresolution to forever suspend on the brambles of nothingness the in- conceivable amusements of your tigerish imagination ; which wereit not so dreadful would be merely funny. But I know also that con- stancy has not fixed the harpoon of its eternal lodging like a tenaciousmarrow in your bones, and that often enough you and your thoughtscovered with the black leprosy of error fall into the funereal lake ofsombre curses. I want to think that these are unconscious (thoughthey none the less contain the fatal venom) and that good and evil,united together, in impetuous gushes flow from your gangrenous royalchest as by the secret charm of a blind force the torrent from therock; but nothing furnishes me the proof.Too often have I seen your foul teeth clash with anger and yoursacred face covered with the moss of time, redden like a glowingcoal because of some microscopic futility done by man to be ableto stop for long before the sign post of this silly hypothesis. Everyday, with joined hands, since it is necessary, I will raise the modula- tions of my earnest prayers towards you, but I beg that your provi- dence will not think of me but leave me on one side, like theworm crawling underground. Know that I would rather feed vora- ciously on the marine plants of unknown and savage isles, washed in on the spumy bosoms of the tropical waves of such latitudes,than know that you watch me and that you probe your grinning scal- pel in my conscience. It reveals completely my thoughts and Ihope your prudence will easily praise the good sense of which it holdsthe ineffaceable imprint. Apart from these reservations on the kindof relation, more or less intimate, which I must keep with you, mymouth is ready, no matter at what hour of the day, to exhale like anartificial breath, the flood of lies your vanity severely exactsfrom every human, from the moment when the blueish dawn rises,seeking the light in the satin folds of the before dawn, as I seek good- ness, incited by a love of good. My years are not many, and yet Ifeel already that goodness is but a collection of sonorous syllables ;I have not found it anywhere. You allow your character to showtoo much ;it must be hidden more skilfully. For the rest, perhapsI deceive myself and you do it on purpose, since you know better thananother how to behave. Man himself makes it his glory to imitateyou; that is why sacred goodness does not recognise its tabernaclein their fierce eyes ; like father, like son. What may be thought ofyour intelligence, I but speak as an impartial critic. I do not askbetter than to have been led into error. I do not desire to showyou the hatred I bear you and that I brood lovingly over like a cher- ished daughter, for it's better to hide it from your eyes, and beforeyou to bear only the appearance of a severe censor, ordered to con- trol your impure actions. Thus you will cease all active commercewith him, will forget him and destroy completely this voracious flea whognaws your liver. I prefer rather that you hear dreamy and mildwords... Yes, it is you who have created the earth and all it holds.You are perfect. In no virtue are you lacking. You are very mighty,everyone knows it. I,et the whole universe intone your eternalchant through every hour of time. The birds praise you and in thecountry take their flight. The stars belong to you. So be it!After such beginnings, are you surprised to find me what I am ! CORNBREAD AND EYES David Rosenthal I. When the candle dies,Darkness will rush in,Like wolvesUpon a carcass. 2. Before a tree may learn to stand,It first must walk the fieldsAnd mountainsIn a seed. OBSERVATIONS ON RETURNINGTO THE REMNANTS OF CIVILIZATION Gilbert Cannan Politicians seem to have such a dislike for the civilization which has createdthem that for three years they have been insisting that the peace shall be ten timesdeadlier than the war. They have made life so obnoxious that everybody whocould move, moved, among others myself, who ask only to be allowed to sit stillwith a pen in my hand and a thought or two in my brain. I moved, I think,because I have no taste for murder and count even politicians human. Therewas nothing for it but to leave them to do their worst in their insistence that so- ciety shall not transcend the eighteenth century, Rousseau, Jefferson, AdamSmith. The novelist's occupation is gone when social values are thrown on thescrap heap, for there is only one thing more dreary and disgusting than the anar- chic individual and that is the anarchic mob. Given leave most horribly to" have a good time ", the mob has been reduced to a state of hysterical boredom,in which art and culture, the fine flower of civilization, have disappeared. Allkinds of dismally clever people sit in cafes and discuss the no longer existent artand achieve a certain excitement in talking over the defiant gestures of the wildmen like D. H. Lawrence and James Joyce, yelling execration in their impotenceand screaming " Yah! " at the sterility of the very persons who most applaud them.Joyce writes perfectly until he pulls the plug. Lawrence with his sensuoustactile apprehension of things achieves marvels until he has to deal with humanbeings, when he yells with rage at them because they are interfering with hispleasure in picking flowers. But art ? But literature ? Well, well, we 11...It is annoying that there is nothing Gothic about a grain elevator, since wehave been taught that Gothic architecture is beautiful. It is distressing thatthe man in the subway in New York is not at all like a Shakesperean or a Rabe- laisian or a Cervantic character. But is there any reason to be so angry that wemust refuse to look at the grain elevator or the man in the subway ? The difficultyis only one of temper. People built Gothic cathedrals because they wanted to,grain elevators because they had to, and if you can only keep your temper longenough to think it out, you will begin to appreciate that there may be somethingin the point that of the two the grain elevator has the greater chance of beingbeautiful. Being a matter of necessity, it has to take the simplest, most econom- ical form. The element of caprice is ruled out until such time as, having perceivedthat it is beautiful, we can begin to play with it and enjoy ourselves with it.That, however, is a long way off, because we have not yet reached the stage of seeing that it need not necessarily be ugly because it is not a Gothic cathedral.Cathedrals also began as a necessity since men had a need of meeting somewhere,and took meeting as seriously as we have to take the transportation of grain.Monstrosities are produced when the element of necessity is forgotten in orderto hog it in the element of caprice. This hogging has been the European concep- tion of art in the asphyxiated generation 1880-1910 which is the only begetterof the war and the Peace. A generation which produced anything so prepo- sterous must have forgotten the element of necessity altogether, and certainly inthings intellectual and aesthetic it has left us nothing but caprice, a banquet ofmeringues crushed by having been sat upon by broad-beamed merchants andfinanciers, not to speak of generals. Well, well, we 11...There is no point in being angry about it. It is not worth while to wastewords in protestation. It is impossible to eat meringues when you are hungry,and therefore the question of the quality of the meringue does not arise. Wehave to take the world as we find it and learn not to quarrel with the Hudsonferry because Raphael's technique can make no spiritual record of it. Our brainsand our sensibilities are pitted against steel and what men equipped with steelhave made of themselves and the earth they live on and by. Can we or can wenot make a spiritual record of it ? That is the problem for the artist, since onlythe artist is fine enough and tough enough to solve it. Iyoss of temper argueslack of fineness, lack of toughness. Joyce quarrels with the job because Par- nell is dead : rages against the job because England did not stop shortat Cromwell: almost everybody is disgusted with the human race because, hav- ing invented steel, men will go on experimenting with it. The old gentlemen ofEurope would have it that steel was only good for killing off the younger genera- tion and maintained a meaningless war to prove their contention, but their waronly aggravated the. production of steel and men's understanding of it and thewelcome change it brought about in their mentality. The old gentlemen cannotchange, but the young men and the young women have changed willy-nilly :whether for the better or worse makes no matter. The change is there, and theart production of the future depends upon the use made of it. That art is notlikely to amount to much if we begin by abuse. There is no sense in sayingthat the old gentlemen owe us something for the young life they have thrownaway. The old gentlemen don't acknowledge the debt and couldn't pay itif they did. The loss is ours ;we can only cut it.As long as the European eye goes on looking for the Gothic cathedral inthe grain elevator or for Hamlet in the man in the subway we are not likely toget much forward. London, Paris and Berlin make us hope for somethingfrom the American eye, but the American, so far as I can make out, says : " Ah—it(Art)! Hell! Nothing ! " and leaves it to the camera which, having no miseducated brain behind it, records the grain elevator as a grain elevator and the man in thesubway as a man in the subway and hey ! both are shown to be wonderful, bothnew and old, actual and mythical, credible and incredible and therefore lovely.What more do you want ? Why all these tortures and cursings and groaningsand abstractions and attempts to intellectualize an autobus into some resemblanceto a representation of the Ark of the Israelites in a Byzantine mosaic ? What onearth have the Byzantines to do with it ? Either you see the grain elevator andthe man in the subway and the fat old Jewess going to Cannes or you don't. Ifyou do, then you can deal with the matter in terms of paint, or words, or music,or stage-craft or whatever it is you understand. Or perhaps you don't understandanything, in which case, you had better find a job and leave the engineer to go011 building grain elevators and the man in the subway to produce children whowill have natural subway thoughts and no longer be tormented because the traindoes not clash and clatter its way along to the metre of Longfellow's Evangeline.Why should it ? The train also does not suffer from a miseducated brain. Itis driven along by the intelligence and energy of human beings to the destructionof a generation so lethargic that it hates both intelligence and energy and wouldrather be gutted and destroyed than admire the potency and potentiality ofeither.The modern artist seems to me to spend his life in grumbling, because hecannot make books or pictures or sonatas of the forms that are thrust on himfrom every side. Why not ?He grumbles because these forms are not the formsto which his predecessors were accustomed. But is he so sure of that ? Has hereally taken the trouble to understand his predecessors ? Has he- looked beneaththeir conventions (a matter of custom and manners) to their convictions andtheir conceptions ? In Blake and Cezanne he will find over and over again theforms that the engineers, without any pretence to aesthetics (thank God !) havecreated in their machines and dynamos and bridges. Let him then turn tothe drawings of old masters and then study the dynamics of any good poem orsay a Greek tragedy. Form is form yesterday, today, tomorrow, and really italmost looks as though the true grievance of the artists is that their monopolyhas been broken and the confounded engineers and scientists are taking form downinto the life of the common people to warm it up and make it human and intel- ligible. They have warmed iron up into steel. The result is disconcerting enough ,but what is going to happen when they have warmed up the rough ore of thehuman mind ? For that is going on in Europe and America: and it seems to memost odd that the people most violently up in arms against the experiment arethe artists and of the artists the more advanced. Perhaps they are the firstto feel the intense heat of the crucible and think mother ought to go first. Placeaux dames! Meanwhile, however, artists or no artists, the experiment goes forward.Whole populations move and keep on moving, sinking into the rhythm the beatof the machines that move them, waiting for the rhythm and the beat to producethe tickling sensation of the birth of a new way of thinking and feeling and theartists curse and say they don't know how they are going to make a living. No- body does. It is assumed that the right application of steel will produce moregrain and ore from the earth, enough to pay for more steel and so on and so on.That is the great equation of modern life and it is roughly understood by every- body. No one can stop it: no one wants to stop it, and if only the artists wouldlearn to be good tempered about it, it would not be long before we should haveproduced some sort of order out of our present chaos, which is the result of attempt- ing to live dynamic lives with static ideas. When it comes to a direct conflictbetween the two, the ideas will go to the wall since ideas for which life is too strongare worthless. Your unthinking man will argue from that that all ideas areworthless, and go on his heedless rascally way. Your thinking man, your sensi- tive man, your artist, on the other hand, must have ideas from which to choosehis own creative idea and in such a time as this his whole existence is pitted againstthe destructiveness of life. Iyet him not argue about it, let him not rail, let himengage in the production of beauty, and life is powerless. He need not formulatehis idea, but he must work with it. Ivet him work then, and he bears a charmagainst corruption and disaster. More than this : if he does not work, no oneelse can. If he does not see, everyone else is blind :if he does not hear, everyoneelse is deaf ;if he does not speak, everyone else is dumb. The artist is first andlast a workman, obedient to necessity and only in the extreme stress of responsi- bility delighting in caprice. The decadent amusement called ART was all caprice.It is as dead as the Encyclopedia Britannica. There is nothing to be said aboutit and to declaim against it is waste of breath. It was always more the decorationof barbarism than the expression of civilization which is to be defined in the fourletters work. Work carried to a certain pitch of intensity becomes art, un- mistakable, powerful, radio-active. That intensity is beginning to appear inthe engineer's use of steel, the common material of every day life, and from thatI argue, as I pick my way among the rags and ruins of Europe, that it will ap- pear again in the use of words and paint and other materials of the life of themind: not however, so long as we are cursed with the prevalent looking away fromor beyond life in the desperate endeavour to become interesting by dint of being— amusing. One has to dare to be dull as one fumbles with one's material.Time enough for being amusing when that is mastered and brought into relationwith such conditions as life has to offer. The people are excited enough, Godknows : let the artist be quiet, and let him work. Drawing Henri Matisse THE PAINTER CHARACTERS Roger Vitrac (Translated from the French by M. J.) The Painter — Little Maurice Parchemin — Mrs. Parchemin —August Fi,aneu,e — Glucose — Two policemen.Scene :— An anteroom. To the left, a door. Opposite, a window, a largemirror hung on the wall, a door.. To the right, &lt;2 door. A book on the table. Thepainter is painting a door red. Enter a little boy immaculately dressed in white.He approaches the painter and watches him paint.The Painter. What is your name.The Boy. Maurice Parchemin. (Silence) And you ?The Painter. That's mine too.The Boy. It isn't true.The Painter. It isn't true? [Silence). You are right.He paints the boy's face red. The little boy goes out crying. ThePainter goes on painting. Enter Mrst Parchemin (28 years old) andlittle Maurice Parchemin, his face washed&gt;Mrs. Parchemin. Sir, you are a scoundrel. What is your name ?The Painter. Maurice Parchemin.Mrs. Parchemin. It isn't true.The Painter. It isn't true?'He paints both their faces red. Mrs. Parchemin and the boy goout crying. The Painter goes on painting. The bell rings. He goes toopen the door.A Young Man (20 years old). Mr. Parchemin?The Painter. Ah, it is you !The Young Man. I don't know you, sir. I wish to see Mr. Parchemin.He holds out a visiting card.The Painter, taking the card, He is dead.The Young Man. Are you sure of that ?The Painter. I killed him myself.The Young Man. Then, I should like to see the widow Parchemin andher little son, Maurice Parchemin.The Painter. Go away, young man.The Young Man. All right, I'll go.The Painter goes on painting. The bell rings. The painter goesright on painting. The bell rings. The Painter goes to open the door.The Painter. Who are you ? The Young Man. Don't you recognize me ?The Painter. Yes.The Young Man. You are a murderer.The Painter. Yes.The Young Man. A thief, perhaps.The Painter. Yes.The Young Man. Give me back my visiting card.The Painter gives him a visiting card.The Young Man. This card isn't mine. It says : Mr. Glucose, dentalsurgeon, 31 rue de la Gaiete. My name is August Flanelle.He throws Mr. Glucose s card away.The Painter, pushing him out. Good day, Mr. Glucose.Fi,ANEi,irE, behind the door. My name is Flanelle.The Painter. Glucose.Fi,ANEU,E. Flanelle.For a few minutes they keep up the same tune: Glucose, Flanelle,Glucose, Flanelle. Then the Painter goes back to his painting. A stonehurled from outside breaks one of the window-panes. August Flanelle isheard crying : Flanelle. The Painter opens the window and shouts backat him : Flanelle. The Painter closes the window- and goes on painting.Enter Mrs. Parchemin and little Maurice Parchemin.Mrs. Parchemin. After what has happened you can remain here nolonger : leave at once.The Painter goes on painting.The Boy. My mother told you to leave.The Painter, taken aback. Do you absolutely insist that this door begreen.Mrs. Parchemin. I want it to be red, red, red,Maurice Parchemin, Why, mamma ?Mrs. Parchemin. You will know later, child.The Painter. This door is a nice green.Mrs. Parchemin. You are making fun of us. Again I ask you to leave.The Painter. This door is just as you wanted it. It is green.Mrs. Parchemin. Ah ! Good Heavens, You have killed my husband.She faints. The boy runs away} frightened.The Painter, stretching himself out alongside of her. Isn't it green, green,green . . . green . . . green.Mrs. Parchemin, coming out of her faint. You are right. You are right,Mr. Maurice Parchemin. The door is green. The Painter, embracing her. I love you Anatalie- I love you Ana- talie...Steps are heard.Mrs. Parchemin, trying to extricate herself. Did you hear that ?The Painter, holding on to her. Anatalie.Mrs. Parchemin. me go. I am afraid.She runs away. There is a ring. The Painter goes to open the door.The Painter. Who are you ?Glucose. Mr. Glucose.The Painter. He has just left.Glucose. Oh, no. I am Mr. Glucose.The Painter. Come inEnter Mr. Glucose. He has a black beard.The Painter. Have a seat.Glucose. Do you read the papers ?The Painter. Yes I read all the papers.Glucose. All the papers ?The Painter. All of them.Glucose. That is all I wanted to know.He moves toward the door, blows a little whistle, The door opens*Two policemen enter.Glucose, to the policemen. Do your duty.The policemen handcuff the Painter.The Painter. Don't do something you will be sorry for, August Flanelle.Glucose. That isn't my name.The Painter. August Flanelle, as surely as this door is green .. .Glucose. It is red.The Policemen. Red, red, red.The Painter. And as my name is Maurice Parchemin.Glucose. But you are called The Painter.The Painter. Since you know better than I do, I'll go with you.Glucose. Pardon me. What did you mean by that ?The Painter, to the policemen. Do your duty.The policemen do not budge.Glucose. Did you hear ?The policemen do not budge.Glucose. Fine fellows, you are ! Waiting for me to give the order my- self, Well, do your duty. Come on.Ihe Policemen never budge. I hey notice the visiting card that Au- gust Flanelle dropped as he went out: MR. GlucoseDental Surgeon31, me de la Gaite, Paris.then silently they free the Painter of his bonds.Glucose. You rascals ! What are you doing ?The policemen go out backward. Just as they are about to close thedoor, they stick their heads in and shout.The Policemen. Dental Surgeon, Dental vSurgeon !Glucose. This is too much.The Painter, declaiming. August Flanelle . . .Glucose. There you go again. My name is Glucose !The Painter. You are right.He paints his face red. Glucose goes out crying. The Paintergoes on painting.Mrs. Parchemin, entering. Has nothing happened to you ?The Painter. No.Mrs. Parchemin. liar, Liar, Liar.The Painter. Anatalie, I swear to you that nothing happened to me.Mrs. Parchemin. I heard everything through the keyhole.The Painter. Ha. Ha.Mrs. Parchemin. I saw everything through the keyhole.The Painter. Ha. Ha.Mrs. Parchemin. You are a murderer.The Painter. Let me go on with my work.Mrs. Parchemin. Monster ! I was beginning to love you. The Painter ! Oh ...The Painter. If I had painted this door red, eh Mrs. Parchemin ?Mrs. Parchemin runs away, frightened. The Painter goes on paint- ing. There is a ring.The Painter. Come in Mr. Glucose.August Flanelle, entering. My name is Flanelle.The Painter goes on painting.August Flanelle. I would like to see the widow Parchemin and littleMaurice Parchemin, her son.The Painter. That's me.August Flanelle. What did you say ?The Painter. I am the widow Parchemin and her little son, MauriceParchemin.August Flanelle. Enough. Enough. Enough . . . Enough !The Painter goes back to his painting. August Sir, I came for the apartment.The Painter, surprised. You should have said that in the first place.He opens the door and gives a long whistle. Enter Mrs. Parchemincarrying her dead son in her arms.Mrs. Parchemin, The Painter, together. Phew —ew— ew— ew . . .They all go off separately and sit in the three corners of the roomlooking at each other silently.Mrs. Parchemin. My son is dead. (To the Painter) It is you whokilled him.The Painter. What did you say ?Mrs. Parchemin. little Maurice Parchemin is dead. You killed him.Murderer. Murderer. Murderer.7he Painter plants himself before the mirror, paints his face red andgoes out weeping.August Flaneixe. Alone, at last.Mrs. Parchemin, to Flanelle. Sir, will you please tell me what youmean by that.August Fi,aneixe. Anatalie .. .Mrs. Parchemin. How dare you, August Flanelle .. .Feaneixe. I love you.Mrs. Parchemin. Go away, sir.Flanelle plants himself in front of the mirror and. makes believe he- is going to paint his face red. He does nothing of the sort. Instead,he paints the picture of Mrs. Parchemin on the mirror. Mrs. Parcheminrises. Little Maurice Parchemin rolls on the floor, revives and runs aivayas fast as he can. She-fails into the arms of August Flanelle.Mrs. Parchemin. How you love me !Fi,aneeee. Yes.He kisses her.Mrs. Parchemin. The palm trees.Feaneeee. Yes.He kisses her.Mrs. Parchemin. The strawberry ice-cream.Feaneeee. Yes.He kisses her.Mrs. Parchemin. Mrs. Tiroir. The ugly gown.Feaneeee. Yes.He kisses her. Mrs. Parchemin. The cabman.FivANEixE. Yes.He kisses her.Mrs. Parchemin. Number 25 rue des Saints-P£res.Fi,ANETJ&lt;E. Yes.He kisses her.Mrs. Parchemin. All naked.Yes.He kisses her.A long whistle is heard. The Painter appears, a terrible sight. Hisbeard disheveled. A wet sponge in his hand. It is evident that he hasjust been shaving his beard.The Painter, seeing the silhouette of Mrs. Parchemin on the glass. Thankyou. (He throws the sponge at the drawing. Silence).The Painter, oratorically. Please sign your work, young man.August Flanelle touches up the portrait where it had been erased'by the sponge and signs it in large trembling letters :August Fi,aneu,eThe Painter. Bravo !He tears off his beard and his blouse,Mrs. Parchemin. Heavens! My husband.Mr. Parchemin.Mr. Parchemin. Here is the book of poems you asked me for the othernight at Madame L,etapis\ You may retire, Mr. Glucose.FiyANEiyivE. Mr. Flanelle.Mr. Parchemin. Mr. FlanelleAugust Flanelle retires.Mr. Parchemin to Mrs. Parchemin. And now here we are.He grabs her by the hair,Mr. Parchemin. Adulteress I (He kicks her) Murderess ! (Screaming)Your child, our child ! What have you done with my child ?Enter little Maurice Parchemin, carrying a calendar:July14TuesdaySt. AnatalieHe sings :Dear motherToday is your birthday Papa told meYou were far away.Mrs. Parchemin. The dear child.Mr. Parchemin, softening. The dear little fellow.Mr. and Mrs. Parchemin vie with each other in fondling their child.Their lips meet and remain in a kiss for a moment. There is a ring.The Painter, maddened. Come in Mr. Flanelle !Enter Glucose, carrying a large box ; he has a blond beard.Glucose. Mr. Parchemin ?Mr. Parchemin. That's me.Glucose. I am Mr. Glucose. Here is the object.Mr. Parchemin. The prison ?GiyUCOSE. No, the tooth.The box opens of itself and discloses a gold tooth.Mr. Parchemin, revealing himself and bowing to Mrs. Parchemin. Happybirthday, Madame. (To Mr. Glucose). Can you tell me why you are blond?Glucose, I have always been blond.Mr. Parchemin. Always ?Glucose. Always.Silence.Mr. Parchemin, oratorically. Mr. Glucose, you have been a party to amost disgraceful farce.Glucose. I have but followed your instructions to the letter, Mr. Par- chemin.Mr. Parchemin. Enough of that. Will you repair the evil you havewrought in this household.Glucose. But Mr. Parchemin, was it not you who called me, payed me,ordered me ?Mr. Parchemin. Be still. You can never be redeemed in the eyes ofMrs. Parchemin, of myself and of little Maurice Parchemin, our son, until youhave painted that door green. Here is the brush and the paint.Gi/ucose. Do you absolutely want that door to be red ?Mr. Parchemin. No, I want it green, green, green .. .Mrs. Parchemin. Green, green, green.Little Maurice Parchemin. Why, mamma ?Mrs. Parchemin. You will know later, my child. Henri Matisse. Drawing Drawing Henri Matisse. TATLIN’S MONUMENT TO THE THIRD INTERNATIONAL Louis Lozowick Tatlin’s Monument The magic word in modern Russian art: Construction.Construction and not composition, teaches the new Gospel.Why?Because composition is inspired by the past, looks toward the past, andtherefore, belongs to the past; because composition means ornamentation,decoration, romanticism, prettiness ; because composition stands apart fromlife, serves as illusion to exhausted mentality, acts as stimulant to enervatedorganism.And construction ?Construction is inspired by what is most characteristic of our epoch: in- dustry, machinery, science. Construction borrows the methods and makes useof the materials common in the technical processes. Hence iron, glass, concrete,circle, triangle, cube, cylinder, synthetically combined with mathematical preci- sion and structural logic. Construction scorns prettiness, seeks strength, clar- ity, simplicity, acts as stimulus to a vigorous life.Thus exegetics.Tatlin is the leading Russian artist-constructor and his monument to theThird International is one of his best works — certainly one that occasioned thegreatest controversy in Russia. A great admirer of Tatlin, N. Punin (to whomthis note is indebted for part of its data) considers the creation of the monumentan event of international importance.In 1919, the Art Section of the People's Commissariat of Education commis- sioned Tatlin to prepare projects for a monument to the Third International.After a year and a half's work, drawings and a model were ready for exhibitionand examination at the Eight All-Russian Congress of Soviets. Tatlin and hisassistants were there in person, explaining the work to the various Soviet Repre- sentatives assembled from all parts of Russia, thus disseminating the Gospel ofconstruction over a wide area.The monument purports to embody creative and utilitarian aims and tosynthetize sculpture, painting, architecture, and engineering. It is to be con- structed of glass and iron, two building materials characteristic]of today (curiouslyenough no concrete is considered). Modern building materials introduce essen- tial changes into the practices and principles of architecture. Iron thoughextremely resistent can be cast and moulded to any required shape. This makesthe cohesion and solidity of a building independent of the formerly rigid load- and-support relation. The strength of iron allows the distribution or concen- tration of the load, the building of slanting or circular walls. Wide utilizationof glass transforms the problem of lighting.The monument of Tatlin has been planned with full knowledgeof these changes in architecture. When completed, the monument will measurefour hundred meters in height. It will be built in the form of a huge iron spiralleaning at an angle of forty-five degress and enclosing three stories all made ofglass. The first story will be a gigantic rotating cube making one revolution ayear. This is intended for legislative sessions of Soviet representatives from thewhole earth. The second story, somewhat smaller, will be a pyramid, likewiserotating but making one revolution a month. This is to serve for executive ses- sions of the Soviets. The third story, the smallest of all, will be a cylinder makinga revolution every day. It is to be used as a center of information.Why these different velocities ? Cosmic symbolism perhaps (romanticismslipping in by a back door) ; earth moving around in (year), moon around earth(month), earth on its own axis (day). Desired temperature, both summer and- winter, will be maintained by an immense thermos enclosing the three stories.Communication between the stories and the world outside will be carried bymeans of a complicated electric apparatus. A wireless station will be install- ed on the top of the monument.It is not to be forgotten that the monument to the Third International ex- ists only as a project. With the limited means at the disposal of Soviet Russia,the execution of the project is postponed far into the future — to say the least.The Philistine enemies of constructive art dare calmly to maintain that theerection of the monument is a engineering feat altogether beyond possibilitiesof realization. To which the faithful retort with the story of the telegraph,the aeroplane etc. A weary exercise. THE AESTHETIC OF THE MACHINE AND MECHANICALINTROSPECTION IN ART. Enrico Prampolini (Translated by E. S.) In the aesthetic phenomenon of the evolution of the plastic arts the neces- sity of considering the Machine and Mechanical elements as new symbols ofaesthetic inspiration has not been sufficiently taken into account.i. Precursors.We Futurists were the first to understand the marvellous mystery of inspi- ration which machines possess with their own mechanical world.In fact, Marinetti in his first Manifesto on the Foundation of Futurism pu- blished in the Figaro in 1909 stated : " We shall chant the vibrant nocturnal fer- vour of the arsenals and ship-yards lit with their violent electric moons, the brid- ges like giant gymnasts striding the rivers, the daring steamers that nose the hori- zons, the full-breasted locomotives that prance on the rails like enormous ironhorses bridled with tubes, the gliding flight of the aeroplanes whose screw fluttersin the wind like a flag or seems to applaud like an enthusiastic mob. The rac- ing automobile with its explosive breath and its great serpent-like tubes crawl- ing over the bonnet — an automobile that whizzes like a volley from a machine- gun is more beautiful than the victory of Samothrace."From the appearance of the first Futurist Manifesto of Marinetti up there has been a ceaseless searching and questioning in the field of art. Boccioniin his book, Futurist Sculpture and Painting (1914) stated that the era of the greatmechanical individualities has begun ; that all the rest is paleontology. LuigiRussolo (in 1913) with his invention of the noise-makers constructed new mechan- ical instruments to give value to the new musical sounds inspired by noise, whileLuciano Folgore in his poem the Chant of the Motors (1914) exalted the mechan- ical beauty of workshops and the overpowering lyricism of machines. Later, inmy manifesto entitled Absolute Constructions in Motion-Noise (1915), I revealedby means of new plastic constructions the unknown constructive virtuesof the mechanical aesthetic. While the painter Gino Severini confirmed by meansof an admirable theoretical essay in the Mercure de France (1916) the theory that" the process of the construction of a machine is analogous to the constructiveprocess of a work of art. "This Futurist exaltation of ours for the new era of the machines crossedthe Italic frontier and awoke echoes among the Dutch, the Russian, the Germansand the Spanish. Fernand Leger recently declared his paintings to be concerned with the loveof those forms created by modern industry and the clash of the thousand colouredand persuasive reflections of the so called classical subjects.Guillermo de Torre, the daring Spanish poet and founder of the Ultraistmovement, announced in his manifesto " Vertical" in 1918 the forthcomingepoch of the new spatial and mechanical world.Today we see a new tendency manifest itself at the recent internationalArtists Congress of Diisseldorf. This is the movement of the " Constructionists "as exemplified in the works of the Russian, Dutch, German, Scandinavian andRoumanian painters, among whom we may note Theo Van Doesburg, Richter,Lissitzky, Kggelin and Janco. The Constructionists, though they take as theirstarting point an extremely clear theory, announcing the constructive exalta- tion of the Machine, become inconsistent in the application of their doctrine,confusing exterior form with spiritual content.We today — without ignoring the attempts that have been made in thecourse of the last years by ourselves and certain Futurist friends of ours — in- tend to reasume and synthetize all that which has been expressed individuallyand incidentally in order to arrive at completer and more concrete results; inorder to be able to realize more fully new aesthetic values in the field of theplastic arts.Our experience has convinced us of the truth of certain of our plastic truthsand has allowed us to perceive the errors that lie in others. OLD AND NEW SYMBOLS In the history of art throughout the ages the symbols and elements of in- spiration have been suggested to us by the ancient legends and classic mythscreated by modern imagination. Today, therefore, where can we look for morecontingent inspiration than among the new symbols which are no longer thecreation of the imagination or the fantasy but of human genius ?* Is not the machine today the most exuberant symbol of the mystery ofhuman creation ? Is it not the new mythical deity which weaves the legends andhistories of the contemporary human drama ? The Machine in its practical andmaterial function comes to have today in human concepts and thoughts thesignificance of an ideal and spiritual inspiration.The artist can only pin his faith to the realities contingent on his own lifeor on those elements of expression which spiritualize the atmosphere he breathes.The elements and the plastic symbols of the Machine are inevitably muchnearer to us (materially and spiritually) than any symbol of the past can be :symbols as such as a god Pan, the taking down from the Cross or the Assumptionof the Virgin, etc. The logic, therefore, of aesthetic verities becomes self-evident, and develops parallelly with the spirit of the times which seeks to contemplate,live and identify itself with reality itself. The aesthetic of the Machine and Mechanical Introspection We today, after having sung and exalted the suggestive inspirational forceof The Machine - after having by means of the first plastic works of the new schoolfixed our plastic sensations and emotions, see now the outlines of the new aesthe- tic of The Machine appearing on the horizon like a fly wheel all fiery fromEternal Motion. We therefore Proclaim 1. The Machine to be the tutelary symbol of the universal dynamism,potentially embodying in itself the essential elements of human creation : thediscoverer of fresh developments in modern aesthetics.2. The aesthetic virtues of the machine and the metaphysical meaningof its motions and movements constitute the new fount of inspiration for the evo- lution and development of contemporaneous plastic arts.3. The plastic exaltation of The Machine and the mechanical elementsmust not be conceived in their exterior reality, that is in formal representationsof the elements which make up The Machine itself, but rather in the plastic- mechanical analogy that The Machine suggests to us in connection with variousspiritual realities.4. The stylistic modifications of Mechanical Art arise from The Machine- as-interferential-element.5. The machine marks the rhythm of human psychology and beats thetime for our spiritual exaltations. Therefore it is inevitable and consequentto the evolution of the plastic arts of our day. The Most Important Announcement Made By An American Publisher In YearsTHE CARRA EDITION OFTHE WORKS OF GEORGE MOOREBOOKLOVBRS and admirers of George Moore haveeagerly awaited the announcement of a collectededition of his works. We take great pleasure inannouncing that we have completed arrangements forthe publication of a definitive subscription edition of hiswritings, which will be the first unexpurgated and uni-form collection of all of his books which he desires to per-petuate. The author has not only written an entirelynew and characteristic preface, but has made textualchanges, in most cases of considerable importance, inevery one of the works reissued in this new edition. Twoof these works, Modem Painting and The Brook Kerith,have been entirely rewritten; and there are two newbooks which will appear for the first time in this edition,In Strict Singleness and Peronnik the Fool, Daphnis andChloe, etc. The set will include such heretofore private-ly printed titles as A Story-Teller's Holiday, Avowalsand Heloise and Abelard, all of which are now very diffi-cult to obtain, and only at high premiums. New Mooreworks are likely to be added in the same uniform for-mat from time to time, and the original subscribers tothis edition will have the privilege of purchasing them atthe first subscription price.The Carra Edition is strictly limited to one thousand numbered sets for sale and twenty-five sets marked Ato Y (not for sale). The first volume in each set will be signed by the author. The edition will be printed fromspecial type on pure rag paper and bound uncut with vellum backs and paper board sides. The publishers planto issue the books in groups of three volumes each, and the first group should be ready by October i, 1922 ;the other groups will be published at intervals of two months. The price will be $ 8.50 per volume, and the pub-lishers reserve the right to advance the price to $ 10.00 per volume after the first publication day.You are urged to place your subscription at once through your bookseller, or direct to the pub-lishers. A special brochure will be mailed on request. In view of the limited number available,an early subscription is desirable to avoid disappointment.Zbc Intimate SeriesThese volumes are octavo size, printed on English laid paper, with uncut edges, and handsomely bound inlibrary buckram. The editions are strictly limited to 1,500 numbered copies. Each, $4.00.The Twenty Titles in theCARRA EDITION are:Lewis Seymour and Some WomenThe Mummer's WifeMuslinSpring DaysEsther WatersEvelyn InnessfiJcfar TarACAThe Lake and The Untilled FieldAvowals and Confessions of a Young ManMemoirs of My Dead LifeAve Salve ValeThe Brook KerithA Story-Teller's HolidayHeloise and AbelardIn Strict SinglenessPeronnik the Fool, Daphnis and Chloe,etc.Impressions and OpinionsModern PaintingTHE GEORGE SAND - GUSTAVEFLAUBERT LETTERSTranslated by AIMEE McKENZIEIntroduction by STUART P. SHERMANThese frank and affectionate letters, extendingfrom 1866 to 1876, make an extraordinary fascinat-ing volume. George Sand's family life at Nohant,the old bachelor's solitude at Croisset, meetings inParis, adventures with publishers and theatrical man-agers, and pungent comment on such friends as Sainte-Beuve, Hugo, Gautier, and Turgenev, are here.THE NIETZSCHE — WAGNERCORRESPONDENCEEdited by ELIZABETH FOERSTER - NIETZSCHETranslated by CAROLINE V. KERRIntroduction by H. I#. MENCKENHere are collected and published for the first timeNietzsche's letters to and from Wagner. The bookcontains much that is entirely new — in fact, every-thing that could contribute to a true estimate of one ofthe most remarkable and romantic friendships of thexixth Century.ROBERT HENRIEdited by WIIyI+IAM YARROW and I,OUIS BOUCH&amp;This first volume in the American Art library is a superb monograph on one of the foremost American ar-tists, and combines a charming resumG of his life and work with forty reproductions of his paintingson the finest paper obtainable, without lettering, suitable for mounting. The edition is limited to nine hun-dred and ninety copies. Subscription price, $ 10.00. (Illustrated brochure on application).BONI &amp; LIVERIGHT103 West 40th St.NEW YORK CITY NEW FALL BOOKSTHE ADVENTURES OF MAYA THE BEEby WALDEMAR BONSELS#Illustrated with head and tail piece in black and white for each chapter and with four full-page colored illustrations by HOMER BOSS.The greatest children's book since " Alice in Wonderland And adults will enjoy it also.Half a million copies already sold in the original. Translated into seventeen languagesincluding the Japanese. $2.50.THE NOVEL BY THE NEGRO AUTHOR CROWNED WITH THE PRIX GONCOURTThe Whole World is Reading ItBATOUALAby RENE MARANBATOUAIyA is the Iliad of the African Negro. But it is the Iliad of apeople who live in our own day.New York Times : " This story of primitive love and hate is developed amid strikingscenes of native life in Central Africa. There is a description of a great native dance whichreveals Rene Maran as having a remarkable fund of original and first-hand knowledge ofthe Negroes of whom he writes. He draws pictures of the African wilderness, creates anatmosphere of vast spaces and silence and mystery which recall W. H. Hudson at hisbest. And always, even when his Africans are dancing and revelling at their maddest, hesucceeds in suggesting the unhappiness that besets them, the sword of Damocles which thewhite man holds suspended over their heads. " $1.75.Sells 8,000 a day in France. A sensational success in every language into which it has been translated.JEREMIAHA dramatic Poem in nine Scenesby STEFAN ZWEIGRomctin Rolland, in a long article on this play, says : " Zweig sought his inspirationin the Bible. One figure especially attracted him; that of Jeremiah, the wronged prophetof the peace that blossoms on ruins. Jeremiah is the most beautiful example that Iknow of, of the sublime melancholy that sees beyond the bloody drama of today the eternaltragedy of humanity. But there are defeats more fertile than victories and sorrows moreresplendent than joys. Zweig's poem presents them with grandeur. " $2.00.Two Important New Books byD. H. LAWRENCEFANTASIA OP THE UNCONSCIOUSThis remarkable book is a statement of Lawrence's philosophy of life. It elabor-ates further his theory of the Unconscious as set forth in a previous volume, " Psychoana-lysis and the Unconscious ". But it is far more than that. It is a discussion in essayform of the human problems of today, the problems dealt with as personal experiencesin Mr. Lawrence's fiction : " The Rainbow " Women in Love " Aaron's Rod " and" The Lost Girl ".Mr. Lawrence has some very original views on the question of education, the bringingup of children, marriage, love and other vital issues of human relationship. He sees thecrying need for readjustment in all these relations and he has stated the issues and his sol-utions of them with the fearlessness of a prophet and with a magical beauty of language.In our opinion it is the most important work that has appeared since the publication ofNietzsche's " Zarathustra $2.00.STUDIES I CLASSIC IBEEICM LITEBATUEEContains long essays on Walt Whitman and Hawthorne and studies of Herman Mel-ville, Benjamin Franklin, Richard Henry Dana and other American writers.It is interesting to note that Lawrence rediscovered Herman Melville long before theboom in South Sea Travel books made Melville a writer of contemporary popularity. $3,50.THOMAS SELTZER - Publisher - SW. 50th St. - NEW YORK rIssue a Tiool^A REMARKABLY GOOD BOOKdoes not publish anything which is not worthy of perpetua-tion in book form. It does not bother with ephemera.Each month The Dial prints the significant work ot thecreative minds of the world in fiction, poetry, and tne essay.In addition it affords a complete critical survey of books,music, art, and the theatre — in short, a critical compte rendueof what the intelligent world is doing and thinking.The Dial publishes only the art and the literature by whichour generation here and abroad will be remembered. Itscontents, therefore, like those of the best book, possess per-manency and distinction. Incidentally, The Dial is as wellprinted as typographical experts and skilled craftsmen canmake it. Good book paper designed especially for per-manency is used throughout.Every issue of The Dial, then, is a book — and there aretwelve of them a year. A good book costs from two dollarsup. We will send you twelve issues of The Dial, and inaddition, a good book selected from among the best outputof the past season, in all the equivalent of thirteen superla-tive, contemporary books, for$5.00the price of a year's subscription to The Dial aloneYour choice of one of die following booksfree with a year's subscription ($5.00) :AARON'S ROD, by D. H. LawrenceAND EVEN NOW, by Max BeerbohmMARIA CHAPDELAINE, by Louis HemonSELECTED POEMS, by William Butler YeatsTHE ENORMOUS ROOM, by E. E. CummingsMR WADDINGTON OF WYCK, by May SinclairCIVILIZATION IN THE UNITED STATES, bythirty well-known American writersPlease send The Dial for one yearand a copy of the following book to:Name Address BOOK I enclose $5.00. Q I will remit $5.00on receipt of your bill.THE DIAL152 West 13th Street, New York CityB-9-22 " It is the best literary magazine ever set up in AmericaH. L. Mencken.The Literary ReviewOF THENew York Evening PostEdited by Henry Seidel CanbyIHERE are twenty thousand books published in English everyyear. We shall not attempt to estimate how many in the va-rious European languages. Who sorts them for you? Whose judg-ment can you trust? Can you be sure that you know what booksyou want?The Literary Review, a weekly magazine for booklovers is answeringthese questions for many discriminating readers. It is also solvingthe three great problems of reviewing: complete independence ofcriticism; the right and expert reviewer for every book; interestand comprehensiveness.If you read or study, teach or write; if you think about books ortalk about them, you can afford to share in th is attempt to estab-lish a standard of criticism.A subscription is $2.50 a year, or we shall be glad to send The Lit-erary Review on five months' trial for $ 1.00.The Literary Review, 20 Vesey Street, New York.ni j rpj j , n - c S one year for $2.50 I I enclose the requiredPlease send me The Literary Review for j fiye Jonths fof $,0Q j amountName Address BROOM MOVES TO BERLINThe next number of "Broom" will be printed in Berlin. Its address infuture will be: BROOM, Schickler Strasse 5, Berlin, Germany.We have been able to make arrangements with one of the best printinghouses and reproducers in Europe, and we can promise our readers that on thetechnical side, and especially in the matter of reproductions, the high standard ofthe existent BROOM will not only be maintained, but surpassed.Because of the superior technical facilities of our new plant, the magnifi-cent photographs of machinery executed by Paul Strand and announced for theOctober BROOM, have been postponed until the November number, although theyhad been planned to accompany the article on Robert Coady by Sanborn and theMachinery cover designed by Enrico Prampolini.The line drawings of Henri Matisse, originally destined for November, havebeen substituted in their stead.It is hoped that there will be no delay or other confusion consequent onBROOM'S removal. AN OASISOf spirits choice the rookerySuch is the cozy Bookery.'Twill rest your soul, this soothing placeWhere range the brains of the human race.THE BOOKERY14 West 47th Street, New York CityBooks on sexology and psychoanalysis. FRANK SHAY'SINTERNATIONALBOOK SHOPNEW YORKLONDON PARIS Among the Contributors to No-vember " BROOM " are :Louis AragonJames DalyFeodor DostoievskyMatthew JosephsonGomte de Lautr6amontPaul StrandArthur SymonsIvor Winters MELOMIME PUBLICATIONSAnnounce among their fall books thepublication of "Chinese White", a bookof drawings by William Gropper withpoems by Gladys Oaks. Woodcuts byWilliam and Marguerite Zorach. Printsand reproductions of other well knownAmerican artists.MELOMIME) PUBLICATIONSArt — Poetry — Music21 West Bth Street, New York. The Practical Home Study Course inInterior DecorationComplete in 24 Bi-Monthly Lessons Ready about August Ist, 1922A Sensible and Fascinating Aid to the Making of More Attractive HomesConducted by HAROLD DONALDSON EBERLEIN and NANCY V. McCLELLANDTHERE has always existed in this coun-try a genuine and widespread need forsome kind of institution which shouldprovide a simple and thorough method of in-struction in the art of creating a beautifulhome environment. Many thousands of per-sons of natural good taste lack the know-ledge which is an essential background to thecorrect selection and placing of the home'sfurnishing. To meet this need and supply thisknowledge is the object of the Practical Home-Study Course of Inferior Decoration — an orga-nization of the highest aims built upon a foun-dation of solid experience and expert service.To those subscribing for the Course, whethertheir desire is for general information upona vital and engaging subject or the artisticimprovement of their homes, a complete andilluminating series of lessons presenting de-tailed information concerning every phase ofinterior decoration, is presented. The courseis complete and authoritative. In text andillustration it is clear and explicit. It explainsthe fundamentals and how to proceed, stepby step. It also gives directions for improv-ing conditions as they exist. Its scope rangesfrom the furnishing of entire houses or apart-ments, large or small, to single rooms.The course makes it possible for anyoneto secure beautiful and satisfying results ;it shows precisely how to attain the best pos-sible arrangements with stock appointmentspurchased from responsible shops.The course is a necessity to everyone whodesires a sound and correct understandingof what constitutes good taste and an indis-putable artistic achievement in every combi-nation of effect in home decoration.ADVISORY FACULTY:W Emerson, Director of the Architectu-ral School, Massachusetts Institute of Tech-nology, Boston.HuGER EUJOTT, Principal of the School, Penn-sylvania Museum and School of IndustrialArt, Phila.Whitney Warren, Warren &amp; Wetmore, Archi-tects, New York.Phyms Ackerman, Ph. D., Art Expert.IvEON V. Art Director, American En-caustic Tile Company.Richard F. Bach, Curator Industrial Art,Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York.John P. Adams, President, Kensington Mfg.Co., New York.ErSKINE, President Erskine-DanforthCo., New York.Substantial pre-publication discount allowed to those now enrolling.Write for full particulars and enrollment blanks.ARTS &amp; DECORATION - 50 WEST 47th ST. - NEW YORK CITY THE above photograph shows a bus the Fifth Avenue Coach Company is testing, with the idea of makingtheir entire equipment covered buses. The Coach Company figure that they can carry 72,000,000 passengerswith 309 buses that have the roof covered, as against 54,000,000 carried in 309 uncovered buses in thelast twelve months.The reason for this is quite obvious. Excessive heat, cold, rain, snow or high wind makes it necessary for alarge percentage of the passengers to ride inside during the year. 37,000,000 passengers were carried inside thebuses in the last 12 months ; 17,000,000 were carried upstairs.The buses to-day cannot carry nearly all the people who want to ride. Thousands of them are left everynight on the street corners, so that if these covered buses prove practical, they will be a great, boon to the highclass discriminating constituency who are now using the buses as a method of transportation.The fare charged on the buses is ten cents, twice the fare charged on the subways, surface cars and elevated.It is admitted that it takes more time to travel on the buses than on any other transportation line. It must bethat these millions of people use the buses because they appreciate a clean, comfortable ride. When you considerthat, bus passengers can be reached through an advertisement inside the buses at the low rate of twenty centsper thousand, $20 a day for a card in 300 buses, or at the low rate of $600 per month, it is easy to understandwhy so many high-class concerns are using advertising space. .The advertising rate is $600 a month for a full run (300 buses), $300 a month for a half run (150 buses),$150 a month for a quarter run (75 buses), on the basis of a contract for six months or longer. If less than a 6-]months contract is used, there is a 10 % increased charge.John H. Livingston, Jr., 425 Fifth Avenue, New York. - Telephone 274 Vanderbilt.