The Signature 1 4 October 1915 naba_1915-10-04_01 The Signature 1 CONTENTS. 1 CONTENTS. 3 The Crown. I. D. H. Lawrence cre 4-15 Autumns. Matilda Berry cre 16-24 There Was a Cittle Man... I. John Middleton Murry cre 25-33 THE SIGNATURE4 October 1915. Number I. Published by Subscription onlyat 12, Fisher Street,Southampton Row,W.C. LIBRARYOFPRINCETON UNIVERSITY THE SIGNATURE.4 October 1915. Number î. Published by Subscription onlyat 12, Fisher Street,Southampton Row.W.O, THE SIGNATURE. THE CROWN. THE SIGNATURE. THE CROWN. THE SIGNATURE. THE CROWN. THE SIGNATURE. THE CROWN. THE SIGNATURE. THE CROWN. THE SIGNATURE. THE SIGNATURE. A TJTUMNS. THE SIGNATURE. A UTUMNS. THE SIGNATURE. A TJTUMNS. THE SIGNATURE. ATJTUMNS. THERE WAS A LITTLE M AN. THE SIGNATURE. THERE WAS A LITTLE MAN. THE SIGNATURE. THERE WAB A L ITT LE MAN. THE SIGNATURE. THERE WAS A LITTLE M AN. THE SIGNATURE. Subscripfcions oî 2/6 for Six Copies to be sent to tke Editer12, Fisher Street,Soutkamptoa Eow, W.C,, . . • ' -• . \ ' "" . • •'l". ' • - • V.v ' 'V'V' : ■; -'C "&gt; • '■? - ; I. îsTarodiëzky, Printer, 48, Mile End Road. London, E. CONTENTS. The Crown ... ... D. H, Lawrence.Autumns ... ... Matilda Berry.There Was a Little Man John Middleton Murry. CONTENTS. The Crown ... ... D. H. Lawrence.Autumns ... ... Matildâ Berry.There Was a Little Man John Middleton Murry. The Crown. I. by D. H. Lawrence. The Lion and the UnicornWere fighting for the Crown.What is it then, that they want, that they are foreverrampant and unsatisfied, the king of beasts and the defenderof virgins ? What is this Crown that hovers between them,unatt.ainable ? Does either of them ever hope to get it ?But think of the king of beasts lying serene with thecrown on his head. Instantly the unicorn prances from everyheart. And at the thought of the lord of chastity with thecrown ledged above his golden horn, lying in virgin lustre ofsanctity, the lion springs out of his lair in every soul, roaringafter his prey.It is a strange and painful position, the king of beasts andthe beast of purity, rampant for ever on either side of thecrown. Is it to be so for ever ?Who says lion ? — who says unicorn ? A lion, a lion ! !Hi, a unicorn ! Now they are at it, they hâve forgotten ailabout the crown. It is a greater thing to have an enemy thanto have an objoct. The lion and the unicorn were fighting, itis no question any more of the crown, We know this, becausewhen the lion beat the unicorn, he did not take the crownand put it on his head, and say "Now Mr. Purity, I'm king."Ho drove the unicorn out of town, expelled him, obliteratedhim, expurgated him from the memory, exiled him from thekingdom. Instantly the town was ail lion, there was no uni- corn at ail, no scent nor flavour of unicorn."Unicorn !" they said in the city. "That is a mythologicalbeast that never existed." There was no question any more af The unicornwas erased from the annals of fact.Why did the lion fight the unicorn ? Why did the uni- corn fight the lion ? Why must the one obliterate the other ?Was it the raison d'être of each o± them, to obliterate the other ?But think, if the lion really destroyed, killed the unicorn ;not inerely drove him out of town, but annihilated him !Wouid not the lion at once expire, as if he had created avacuum around himself ? Is not the unicorn necessary to thevery existence of the lion, is not each opposite kept in stableequilibrium by the opposition of the other.This is a terrible position : to have for a raison d'être apurpose which, if once fulfilled, would of necessity entail thecessation from existence of both opponents. They would bothcease to be, if either of them really won in the fight whichis their sole reason for existing. This is a troublesome thoughtIt makes us at once examine our own hearts. What dowe find there ?—a want, a need, a crying out, a divine dis- content. Is it the lion, is it the unicorn ? - one, or both ? Butcertainly there is this crying aloud, this infant crying in thenight, born into a blind want.What do we find at the core of our hearts ?— a want, avoid, a hollow Want. It is the lion that must needs fightthe unicorn, the unicorn that must needs fight the lion. Sup- posing the lion refuses the obligation of his being, and says&gt;"I won't fight, I'il just lie down, 111 be a lion couchant."What then is the lion ? A void, a hollow ache, a want."What am I ?" says the lion, as he lies with his head betweenhis paws, or walks by the river feeding on raspberries, peace- fully, like a unicorn. "I am a hollow void, my roaring is theresonance of a hollow dru m, my strength is the power of thevacuum, drawing ail things within itself."Then he groans with horrible self-consiousness. After ail,there is nothing for it but to set upon the unicorn, and soforget, forget, obtain the precious self-oblivion.Th us are we, then, rounded upon a void, a hollow want, like the lion. And this want makes us draw ail things intoourselves, to fill up the void. But it is a bottomless pit, thisvoid. If ever it were filled, there would be a great cessationfrom being, of the whole universe.Thus we portray ourselves in the field of the royalarms. The whole history is the fight, the whole raison d'Hre.For the whole field is occupied by the lion and the These alone are the living occupants of the immortal and mor- tal field.We hâve forgotten the Crown, which is the keystone ofthe fight. We are like the lion and the unicorn, we go onfighting underneath the Crown, entirely oblivious of its supremacy.It is modest common sense for us to acknowledge, ail ofus, nowadays, that we are built round a void arid hollow wantwhich, if satisfied, would imply our collapse, our utter ceasingto be. Therefore we regard our craving with complacence, wefeel the great aching of the Want, and we say, with conviction'I know I exist, I know I ain I, because I feel the divinediscontent which is personal to me, and eternal, and présentalways in me."That is because we are incomplète, we stand upon oneside of the shield, or on the other. On the one side we arein darkness, our eyes gleam phosphorescent like cat's eyes.And with these phosphorescent gleaming eyes we look acrossat the opposite pure beast, and we say, "Yes, I am a lion, myraison d'Hre is to devour that unicorn, I am moulded uponan eternal void, a Want. Gleaming bright, we see ourselvesreflected upon the surface of the darkness and we say : "I amthe pure unicorn, it is for me to oppose and resist for everthat avid lion. If he ceased to exist, I should be supremeand unique and perfect. Therefore I will devour him."But the lion will not be devoured. If he were, if he wereswallowed into the belly of the unicorn. The unicorn would flyasunder into chaos. )This is like being a creature who walks by night, whoMen see by darkness, and in the darkness they hâve their being Or like a creature that walks by day, and says :"Men live by the light."We are enveloped in the darkness, like the lion : or likethe unicorn, enveloped in the light.For the womb is full of darkness, and also flooded withthe strange white light of eternity. And we, the peoples ofthe world, we are enclosed within the womb of our era, weare there begotten and coneeived, but not brought forth.A myriad, myriad people, we roam in the belly of our era,seeking, seeking, wanting. And we seek and want deliveranee.But we say we want to overcome the lion that shares withus this universal womb, the walls of which are shut, and have nowindow to inform us that we are in prison. We roam withinthe vast walls of the womb, unnourished now, because thetime of our deliveranee is ripe, even overpast, and the bodyof our era is lean and withered because of us, withered andinflexible.We roam unnourished, moulded each of us around a coreof want, a void. We stand in the darkness of the womb andwe say: "Behold, there is the light, the white light of eternity,which we want." And we make war upon the lion of darkness,annihilate him, so that we may be free in the eternal light.Or else, suddenly, we admit ourselves the lion, and we rushrampant on the unicorn of chastity.We stand in the light of Yirginit}7, in the wholeness ofour unbroached immortality, and we say : "Lo the darknesssurrounds us, to envelop us, Let us resist the powers ofdarkness." Then like the bright and virgin unicorn we makewar upon the ravening lion. Or we cry : "Ours is the strengthand glory of the Creator, who précédés Création, and ail isunto us." So we open a ravening mouth, to swallow back ailtime has brought forth.And there is no rest, no cessation from the conflict. Forwe are two opposites which exist by virtue of our inter-op-P'Ksition, Remove the opposition and there is collapse, a sud- den erumbling into universal nothingness. The darkness, this has nourished us. The darkness, thisis a vast infinité, an origin, a Source. The Beginning, this isthe great sphere of darkness, the womb wherein the universeis begotten,But this universal, infinité darkness conceives of its ownopposite. If there is universal, infinité darkness, then thereis universal infinité light, for there cannot exist a spécifiéinfinité save by virtue of the opposite and équivalent spécifiéinfinité. So that if there be universal infinité darkness in thebeginning, there must be universal infinité light in the end.And these are two relative halves.Into the womb of the primary darkness enters the rayof ultimate light, and time is begotten, conceived, there is thebeginning of the end. We are the beginning of the end,And there, within the womb, we ripen upon the beginning*till we become aware of the end.We are fruit, we are an intégral part of the tree. Tillthe time cornes for us to fall, and we hang in suspense, real- ising that we are an intégral part of the vast beyond, whichstretches under us and grasps us even before we drop intoit.We are the beginning, which has conceived us within itswomb of darkness, and nourished us to the fulness of ourgrowth. This is ours that we adhéré to. This isour God, Jehovah,Zeus, the Father of Heaven, this that has conceived and createdus, in the beginning, and brought us the fulness of our strength_And when we have corne to the fulness of our strength,like lions which have been fed till they are full grown, thenthe strange necessitv cornes upon us, we must travel away,roam like falling fruit, fall from the initial darkness of thetree, of the cave which has reared us, into the eternal lightof germination and begetting, the eternal light, shedding ourdarkness like the fruit that rots on the ground.We travel across between the two great opposites of theBeginning and the End, the eternal night and everlasting day,and the transit is a st.ride taken, the night gives us up forthe day to receive us. And what are we between the two ? But before the transit is accomplished, whilst we are yetlike fruit heavy and ripe on the tree, we realise the deliriousfreedom of the end, the goal, and we cry : "Behold, I, who am.mm- here within the darkness, I am the light ! I am the light, Iam Unicorn, the beam of ehastity. Behold, the beam ofVirginitygleams within my loins, in this circamambient darkness.Behold, I am not the Beginning, I am the End. The End isuniversal liçfht, the achieving again of infinité unblemishedO 7 o Obeing, the infinité oneness of the Light, the escape frorn theinfinité not-being of the darkness."Ail the time, these cries take place within the womb, theseare the myriad unborn uttering themselves as they come to- wards maturity, cry after cry as the darkness develops itselfover the sea of light, and flesh is born, and limbs; cry aftercry as the light develops within the darkness, and mind isborn, and the consciousness of that which is outside my ownflesh and limbs, and the desire for everlasting life grows moreinsistent.These are the cries of the two adversaries, the two opposites.First of ail the flesh develops in splendour and gloryout of the prolific darkness, begotten by the lightit develops to a great triumph, till it dances naked in gloryof itself, before the Ark, naked in glory of itself in the pro- cession of heroes travelling towards the wise goddess, the whitelight, the Mind, the light which the vessel of living darknesshas caught and captured within itself, and holds in triumph.The flesh of darkness triumphant circles round the treasure oflight which it has enveloped, which it calls Mind, and thisis the ecstasy, the dance before the Ark, the Bacchic delirium.And then, within the womb, the light grows stronger andfinds voice, it cries out : "Behold, I am tree, I am not envel- oped within this darkness. Behold, lam the everlasting light,the Eternity that stretches forward for ever, utterly the oppositeof that darkness which départs backward, backward for ever.Come over to me, to the light, to the light that streams intothe glorious eternitv. For now the darkness is revoked for ever."o #/ It is the voice of the unicorn crying in the wilderness»it is the Son of Man. And behold, in the fîght, the unicornbeats the lion, and drives him out ot town.But ail this is within the Womb. The darkness buildsup the warm shadow of the flesh in splendour and triumph,enclosing the light. This is the zénith of David and Solomon}and of Pericles and of Plato. Then the light, wrestling withinthe vessel, throws up a white gleam of universal love, whiehis St. Francis of Assisi, and Shelley.Then each has reached its maximum of self-assertion.The flesh is made perfect within the womb, the spirit is atlast made perfect also, within the womb. They are equallyperfect, equally supreme, the one adhering to the infinitédarkness of the beginning, the other adhering to the infinitélight of the end.Yet, within the womb, they are eternally opposite. Dark- ness stands over against light, light stands over against dark.The lion is reared against the unicorn, the unicorn is rearedagainst the lion. One says, "Behold, the darkness which gaveus birth is eternal and infinité : this we belong to." The othersays, "We are of the Light, which is everlasting and infinité."And there is no reconciliation, save in négation. Fromthe present, the stream flows in opposite directions, back tothe past, on to the future. There are two goals, at oppositeends of time. There is the vast original dark out of whichCréation issued, there is the Eternal light into which ail mor- tality passes. And both are equally infinité, both are equallythe goal, and both equally the beginning.And we, fully equipped in flesh and spirit, fully built upof darkness, perfectly composed out of light, what are we butlight and shadow lying together in opposition, or lion andunicorn fighting, the one to vanquish the other. This is oui'eternal life, in these two eternities which nullify each other.And we, between them both, what are we but nullity.But this is because we see in part, always in ] art. Weare enclosed within the womb, we are the seed from the loms of the eternal light, or we are the darkness which is envelopedby the body of the past, by our era.Unless the son were enveloped in the body of darkness,would a cast shadow run with me as I Avalk ? Unless thenight lay within the embrace of light, would the fish gleamphosphorescent in the sea, would the light break out of theblack coals of the hearth, would the electricity gleam out ofitself, suddenly declaring an opposite being ?Love and hate, light and darkness, these are the tem- porary conquest of the one infinité by the other. In love, theChristian love, the End asserts itself supreme: in hate, inwrath like the lions, the Beginning re-establishes itself unique.But when the opposition is complété on either side, then thereis perfection. It is the perfect opposition of dark and lightthat brindles the tiger with gold flame and dark flame. It isthe surcharge of darkness that opens the ravening mouth ofthe tiger, and drives his eyes to points of phosphorescence.It is the perfect balance of light and darkness that flickers1e stepping of a deer. But it is the conquered darknessthat flares and palpitates in her eyes.There are the two eternities fighting the fight of Création,the light projecting itself into the darkness, the darkness en- veloping herself within the embrace of light. And then thereis the consummation of each in the other, the consummationof light in darkness and darkness in light, which is absolute:our bodies cast up like foam of two meeting waves, but foamwhich is absolute, complété, beyond the limitation of eitherinfinity, consummate over both eternities. The direct oppositesof the Beginning and the End, by their very directness, implytheir own supreme relation, And this supreme relation ismade absolute in the clash and the foam of the meeting waves.And the clash and the foam are the Crown, the Absolute.The lion and the unicorn are not fighting for the Crown.They are fighting beneath it. And the Crown is upon theirfight. If they made friends and lay down side by side, theCrown would fall on them both and kill them. If the lion really beat the unicorn, then the Crown pressing on the headof the king of beasts alone would destroy liirn. Which it hasdone and is doing, As it is destroying the unicorn who hasachieved supremacy in another field,So that now, in Europe, both the lion and the unicornare gone 111 ad, each with a crown tumbled on his bound-inhead. And without rhyme or reason they tear themselvesand each other, and the fight is no fight, it is a frenzy ofblind things dashing themselves and each other to pieces.Now the unicorn of virtue and intact virginity has gotthe Crown slipped over the eyes, like a circle of utter liglit,and has gone mad with the extremity of light : whilst thelion of wrath and splendour, its own Crown of supreme nightsettled down upon it, roars in an agony of imprisoned darkness.Now within the withered body of our era, within thehusk of the past, the seed of light has corne to supremeself-consciousness and has gone mad with the flare of eternallight in its eyes, whilst the fruit of darkness, unable to fallfrom the tree, has turned round towards the tree and is be- come mad, clinging faster upon the utter night whence itshould have dropped away long ago.For the stiffened, exhausted, inflexible loins of our era aretoo dry to give us forth in labour, the tree is withered, weare peut in, fastened, and now have turned round, some tothe source of darkness, some to the source of light, and gonemad, purely given up to frenzy. For the dark has travelledto the light, and the light towards the dark. But then theyreached the bound, neither could leap forth. The fruit couldnot fall from the tree, the lion just full grown could not getont of the cave, the unicorn could not enter the illimitableforest, the lily could not leap out of the darkness of her bulbstraisfht into the sun. What then ? The road was stopped.r OWhither then ? Backward, back to the known eternity. Therewas a great, horrible huddle backwards. The process of birthhad been arrested, the inflexible, withered loins of the mother- era were too old and set, the past was tant around us ail- Then began the chaos, the going asunder, the beginning ofnothingness. Then we leaped back, by reflex from the boundand limit, back upon ourselves, into madness.There is a dark beyond the darkness of the womb, there«yis a light beyond the light of knowledge. There is the dark- ness of ail the heavens for the seed of man to invest, and thelight of ail the 'heavens for the womb to receive. But wedon't know it. How can the unborn within the womb knowof the heavens outside ; how can they ?How can they know of the tides beyond ? On theone hand murmurs the utter, infinité sea of darkness, full ofunconceived création : on the other the infinité light stirs witheternal procréation. They are two seas which eternally attractand oppose each other, two tides which eternally advance torepel each other, which foam upon one another, as the océanfoams on the land, and the land rushes down into the sea.And we, in the great movement, are begotten, conceivedand brought v forth, like the waves which meet and clash andburst up into foam, sending the foam like light, like shadow,into the zénith of the absolute, beyond the grasp of eithereternity.We are the foam and the foreshore, that which, betweenthe océans, is not, but that which supersedes the océans inutter reality, and gleams in absolute Eternity.The Beginning is-not, nor the eternity which lies behindus, save in part, Partial also is the eternity which lies infront, But that which is not partial, but whole, that whichis not relative, but absolute, is the clash of the two into one,the foam of being thrown up into cousummation.It is the music which comes when the cymbals clash oneupon the other.: this is absolute and timeless. The cymbalsswing back in one or the other direction of time, towards oneor the other relative eternity. But absolute, timeless, beyondtime or eternity, beyond space or infinity, is the music thatwas the cousummation of the two cymbals in opposition.It is that which comes when night clushes on day, the rainbow, the yellow and rose and blue and purple of dawn andsunset, which leaps out of the breakingof light upon darkness;of darkness upon light, absolute beyond day or nighb, therainbow, the iridescenee which is darkness at once and light,the two-in-one, the crown that binds them both.It is the lovely body of foam that walks forever betweenthe two seas, perfect and consummate, the revealed consum- mation, the oneness that has taken being out of the two.We say the foam is evanescent, the wind passes over itand it is he who would save his life must lose it.But if indeed the foam were-not, if the two seas fell a- part, if the sea fell departed from the land, and the land fromthe sea, if the two halves, day and night, were ripped asunder,without attraction or opposition, what then? Then there wouldbe between them nothingness, utter nothingness. Which ismeaningless.So that the foam and the iridescence, the music thatcornes from the cymbals, ail formed things that come fromperfect union in opposition, ail beauty and ail truth and being,ail perfection, these are the be-all and the end-all, absolute,timeless, beyond time or etcrnity, beyond the Limit or theInfinité,This lovely body of foam, this iris between the two floodsthis music between the cymbals, this truth between the surgeof facts, this supreme reason between conflicting desires, thisholy spirit between the opposite divinities, this is the Absolutemade visible between the two Infinities, the ïimelessness intowhich are assumed the two Eternities.It is wrong to try to make the lion lie down with thelamb. This is the supreme sin, the unforgivable blasphemyof which Christ spoke. This is the creating of nothingness,the bringing about, or the striving to bring about the nihilwhich is pure meaninglessness.The great darkness of the lion must gather into itself thelittle, feeble darkness of the lamb. The great light of thelamb must absorb elsewhere, in the whole world, the small, weak light of the lion. The lamb indeed will inherit tehworld, rather than the lion. It is the triumph of the meektBut the meek, like the merciless, shall perish in their owntriumph.The crown is upon the perfect balance of the fight, it isnot the fruit of either victory. The Crown is not prize ofeither combatant. It is the raison d'être of both. It is theabsolute within the fight.And those alone are evil, who say, "The lion shall liedown with the lamb, the eagle shall mate with the dove, thelion shall munch in the stable of the unicorn." For theyblasphémé against the raison d'être of ail life, they try todestroy the essential, intrinsic nature of God.But it is the fight of opposites which is holy. The fightof like things is evil. For if a thing turn round upon itselfin blind frenzy of destruction, this is to say : "the lamb shaljroar like the lion, the dove strike down lier prey like theeagle, and the unicorn shall devour the innocent virgin in herpath." Which is precisely the équivalent blasphemy to theblasphemy of universal meekness, or peace.And this, this last, is our blasphemy of the war. Wewould have the lamb roar like the lion, ail doves turn intoeagles. Autumns. By Matilda Berry. I. There were two orchards belonging to the old bouse, One,that we called the 'wild' orchard lay beyond the vegetablegarden ; it was planted with bitter cherries and damsons andtransparent yellow plums. Foj* some reason it lay under acloud ; we never played there, we did not even trouble topick up the fallen fruit ; and there, every Monday morning,to the round open space in the middle, the servant girl andthe washerwoman carried the wet linen ; grandmother's night- dresses, father's striped shirts, the hired man's cotton trou- sers and the servant girl's 'dreadfuliy vulgar' sa 1m on pinkflannelette drawers jigged and slapped in horrid familiarity.But the other orchard, far away and hidden from theliouse, lay at the foot of a little hill and stretched riglit overto the edge of the paddocks-—to the clunips of wattles bob- bing yellow in the bright and the blue gums with their stream- ing sickle-shaped leaves. There, under the fruit trees thegrass grew so thick and coarse that it tangled and knottedin your shoes as you walked and even on the hottest day itwas damp to touch when you stooped and parted it this wayand that looking for windfalls — the apples marked with abird's beak, the big bruised pears, the quinces, so good toeat with a pinch of sait, but so delicions to smell that youcould not bite for sniffing...One year the orchard had its Forbidden Tree. It wasan apple discovered by father and a friend during an after- dinner prowl one Sunday afternoon."Great Scott !" said the friend, lighting upon it withevery appearance of admiring astonishment : "Isn't that a ?" And a rich, splendid name settled like an unknownbird upon the little tree."Yes, I believe it is." said father lightly. He knew no- thing whatever about the names of fruit trees."Great Scott!" said the friend again : "They're wonder- ful apples. Nothing like 'em — and you're going to have atip-top crop. Marvellous apples! You can't beat 'em!""No, they're very fine— very fine," said father carelessly,but looking upon the tree with new and lively interest."They're rare — they're very rare. Hardly ever see 'emin England nowadays," said the visitor and set a seal onfather's delight. For father was a self-made man and thepriee he had to pay for everything was so huge and so pain- ful that nothing rang so sweet to him as to hear his pur- chase praised. He was young and sensitive still. He stillwondered whether in the deepest sense he got his money'sworth. He still had hours when he walked up and down inthe moonlight lialf deciding to "chuck tliis confounded rush- ing to the office every day—and clear out — clear out onceand for ail." And now to discover that he'd a valuable appletree thrown in witli the orchard — ail apple tree that thisJohnny from England positively envied."Don't touch that tree. Do you hear me, children !"said he bland and firm ; and when the guest had gone, withquite another voice and manner :"If I catch either of you touching those apples you shallnot only go to bed — you shall each have a good Sound whip- ping !" Which merely added toits magnificence.Every Sunday morning after church father with Bogeyand me tailing after walked through the flower garden, downthe violet path, past the lace-bark tree, past the white roseand syringa bushes, and down the hill to the orchard. Theapple tree—like the Virgin Mary—seemed to have been mir- aculously warned of its high honour, standing apart fromits fellow, bending a little under its rich clusters, flutteringits polished leaves, important and exquisite before father'sawful eye. His heart swelled to the sight—we knew his heart swelled. He put his hands behind his back and screwed uphis eyes in the way he had. There it stood — the accidentaithing — the tliing that no one had been aware of when thehard bargain was driven. It hadn't been counted on, hadn'tin a way been paid for. If the house had been burned tothe ground at that time it would have meant less to himthan the destruction of his tree. And how we played up tohim, Bogey and I, Bogey his scratched knees pressed together,his hands behind his back, too, and a round cap on his lieadwith 'H.M.S. Thunderbolt' printed across it.The apples turned from pale green to yellow ; then theyhad deep pink stripes painted on them, and then the pinkmelted ail over the yellow, reddened, and spread into a fineclear crimson.At last the day came when father took out of his waist- coat pocket a little pearl pen-knife. He, reached up. Yeryslowly and very carefully he picked two apples growing ona bough."By Jove ! They're warm" cried father in amazement."They're wonderful apples ! Tip-top ! Marvellous !" he eclioed.Ile rolled them over in his hands."Look at that!" he said. "Not a spot — not a blemish !"And he walked through the orchard with Bogey and me stum- bling after, to a tree stump under the wattles. We sat, oneon either side of father. He laid one apple down, opened thepearl pen-knife and neatly and beautifully eut the other in half."By Jove! Look at that!" he exclaimed."Father !" we cried, dutiful but really enthusiastic, too.For the lovely red colour had bitten right through the whiteflesh of the apple ; it was pink to the shiny black pipa lyingso justly in their scaly pods. It looked as though the applehad been dipped in wine."Never seen that before," said father. "You won't findan apple like that in a hurry !" He put it to his nose andpronounced an unfamiliar word. "Bouquet ! Wliat a bou- quet!" And then he lianded to Bogey one half, to me theother. "Don't boit it!" said he. It was agony to give even somuch away. I knew it, while I took mine humbly and hum- bly Bogey took his.Then he divided the second with the same neat beauti- ful little eut of the pearl knife.I kept my eyes on Bogey. Together we took a bite.Our mouths were full of a floury stuff, a hard, faintly bitterskin, — a horrible taste of something dry..."Well ?" asked father, very jovial. He had eut his twohalvesintoquartersand was taking out the little pods. "Well?"Bogey and I stared at each other, chewing desperately.In that second of chewing and swallowing a long silent con- versation passed between us— and a strange meaning smile.e swallowed. "We edged near father, just touching him."Perfect!" we lied. "Perfect — father. Simply lovely !"But it was 110 use. Father spat his out and never wentnear the apple tree again. II. Suddenly — dreadfully — I wake up. What lias liappened ?Something dreadful lias liappened! No — nothing lias liappenedit is only tlie wind shaking tlie house, rattling tlie Win- dows, banging a piece of iron on the roof and making ni ybed tremble. Leaves flutter past the window, up and away ;down in tlie avenue a whole newspaper wags in tlie air likea lost kite and falls, spiked on a pi ne tree. It is cold.S uni nier is over —it is autumn — everything is ugly. Thecarts rattle by, swinging froni side to side; two China menlollop al on g under their wooden yokes witli the strainingvegetable baskets — their pigtails and bine blouses f'y ont inthe wind. À whitedogon three legs yelps past our gâte. It is ail over ! What is? Oh, everything ' And I begln toplait m y hair witli shaking Angers, not daring to look in tbeglass. ; sMother is talking to grandmother in the hall."À perfect idiot ! Imagine leaving anything ont 011 theline ail night in weatlier like this ... &gt;Now my best littleTeneriff e-work tea-cloth is simply in ribbons ! What is thatextraordinary smell ? It's the porridge burning. Oh, Heav- ens — this wind !"T h ave a mnsic-lesson at ten o'clock. At the thoughtthe minor movemeiit of my Beethoven begins to play in myhead, the trills long and terrible like little rollmg drums...Marie Swainson runs into the garden next door to pick the'chrysanths' before tliey are ruined. Her skirt fîies up aboveher waist ; she tries to beat it down, to tuck it betweenher legs while she stoops, but it is no use — up it flies.Ail the trees and the buslies beat about her. ' She picksas quickly as she can, but she is quite distracted. She doesn'tmind what she does — she pulls the plants up by the rootsand bends and twists them, stamping her foot and swearing."For Heaven's sake keep the front shut. Go round tothe back," shouted someone.And then I hear -Bogey :"Mother, you're wanted on the téléphoné. Téléphoné,mother. It's the but cher !"How hideous life is — revolting, simply revolting ... Andnow my hat-elastic's snapped. Of course it would, I'ilwear m y old red tam and slip out the back way. But motherlias seen."Matilda ! Matilda ! Oome back im—me—diately ! Wliaton earth have you got on your head? It looks like a teacosey. And why have you got that mane of hair on yourforehead ?""I can't come back, Mother. I'il be late for my lesson.""Oome back im-me-diately !"I won't. I won't. I hate Mother. "Go to Hell," I shout,running down the road. In waves, in clouds, in big round whirls the dust cornesstinging, and with it little bits of straw and chaff and manure.There is a loud roaring sound from the trees in the gardens,and standing at the bottom of the road outside Mr. Bullen'sgâte I can hear the sea sob : "Ah... Ah-.. Ah-li !" But Mr.Bullen's drawing room is as quiet as a cave. The windows areclosed, the blindshalf pulled, and I am not late. The-girl-before- me has just started playing Mac Dowell's "To an Iceberg."Mr. Bullen looks over at me and lialf smiles."Bit down," lie says. "Sit over there in the sofa corner,little lady."How funny lie is ! Ile doesn't exactly laugh at y 0u... butthere is just sometliing... Oh, how peaceful it is here. I likethis room. It srnells of art serge and s taie smoke and clirysan- themums... there is a big vase of the in on the mantelpiecebehind the pale photograph of Rubenstein .. â mon ami RobertBullen... Over the black glittering piano hangs 'Solitude' — adark tragic woman draped in white sitting on a rock, lier kuecscrossed, her cl»in 011 lier hands."No, no !" says Mr. Bullen, and lie leans over the othergirl, puts his arins over her shoulders and plays the passage furher. The stupid — she's blushing ! How ridiculous !Now the-girl-before-me has gone ; the front door slamsbehind her. Mr. Bullen cornes back and walks up and down,very softly, waiting for me. What an extraordiuary tliing ! Myfingers tremble so that I can't undo the knot in my mu sicsatchel. It's the wind... And my heart beats so hard I feelit must lift my blouse up and down. Mr. Bullen does not say aword. The shabby red piano seat is long enongh for two peopleto sit side by side. Mr. Bullen sits down by me."Shall I begin with scales ?" I ask, squeezing my liandstogether. "I had some arpeggios, too."Bat he does not answer. I don't believe lie even hears...and then suddenly his fresh liand with the ring on it reaehesover and opens Beethoven."Let's have a little of the old m aster," he says.But why does lie speak so kindly — so awfully kiudly-- and as though we had known each other for years and years andknew everything about each other.He turns the pages slowly. I watch his hand — it is a ver ynice hand and always looks as though it had just been washed."Here we are," says Mr. Bullen.Oh, that kind voice — Oh, that minor movement ! Herecornes the little drums..."Shall I take the repeat ?""Yes, dear child."His voice is far, far too kind. The crotchets and quaversare dancing ail up and down the stave like little black boys ona fence. Why is he 50... I will not cry — I hâve nothing to cryabout..."What is it, dear child?"Mr. Bullen takes my hands. His shoulder is there justby my head. I lean on it ever so little, my cheek against thespringy tweed."Life is so dreadful," I murmur, but I don't feel it's dread- ful at ail. He says sometliing about 'waiting' and 'markingtirne' and "that rare thing a woman," but I do not hear. It isso comfortable... for ever...Sud de ni y the door opens and in pops Marie Swainson, lioursbefore lier time."Take the allegretto a little faster," says Mr. Bullen, andgets up and begins to walk up and down again."Sit in the sofa corner, little lady," he says to Marie. The wind, tlie wind ! It's friglitening tobe liere in my roomby myself. The bed, tlie mirror, the white jug and basin gleamlike the sky outside. It's the bed that is friglitening. There itlies, sound asleep -•• Does Mother imagine for one moment thatI am going to darn ail those stockings knotted up on the quiltlike a coil of snakes. l'm not. No, Mother, Ido not see why Ishould... The wind — the wind ! There's a funny smell of sootblowing down the chimney. Hasn't anybody written poems tothe wind ? "I bring fresh flowers to the leaves and showers"... Whatrubbish !"Is tliat you, Bogey ?""Oome for a walk round the esplanade, Matilda. I can'tstick this any longer.""Right-o ! Fil put on an ulster. Isn't it an awful day."Bogey's ulster is just like mine. Hooking the collar I lookat myself in the glass. My face is white, we hâve the sameexcited eyes and hot lips. Ah, we know those two in the glass.Goodbye, dears, we shall be back soon 2"This is better, isn't it ?""Hook on," says Bogey.We cannot walk fast enougli. Our heads bent, our legs justtouching, we stride like one eager person through the town,down the asphalte zigzag where the fennel grows wild and onto the esplanade. It is dusky — just getting dusky. The wind isso strong that we have to fight our way through it rockiog liketwo old drunkards. Ail the poor little pahutukawas on theesplanade are bent to the ground."Oome on, corne on ! Lofs get near". Over by the break- water, the sea is very high. We pull off our hats and my hairblows across my mouth, tasting of sait. The sea is so high thatthe waves do not break at ail : tliey thump against the rouglistone wall and suck up the weedy, dripping steps. A fine sprayskims from the water riglit across the esplanade. We arecovered witli drops ; the inside of my mouth tastes wet and cold.Bogey's voice is breaking. When he speaks lie rushes up anddown the scale. ït's funny — it makes you laugh — and yet itjust suits the day. The wind carries our voices — away fly thesentences like little narrow ribbons."Quicker — quicker !"It is getting very dark. lo the harbour the coal liulks showtwo lights, one high on a mast, and one from the stern."Look, Bogey ! Look over tliere !"A big black steamer with a long loop of smoke streaming,with the portholes lighted, with lights everywhere, is puttingont to sea. The wind does not stop lier ; she cuts through the waves, making for the open gâte between the pointed rocksthat leads t 0... It's the light that makes her look so awfullybeautiful and mysterious... We are on board, leaning over therail arm in arm."...Who are they ?""...Brother and Sister.""Look, Bogey, there's the town. Doesn't it look small !There's the post-office clock ehiming for the last time. There'sthe esplanade where we walked that windy day. Do you re- member V I cried at my mnsic lesson that day — How manyyears ago! Goodbye, little island, goodbye..."Now the dark stretches a wing over the tumbling water. Wecan't see those two any more. Goodbye, goodbye — Don'tforge#t... but the ship is gone, now.The wind — the wind ! There Was a Cittle Man... I. by John Middleton Murry. ...The war has been going on now for a whole year. Isuppose that I should hâve grown used toit. Instead it haslately become a more and more insidious nightmare. It layswait for me and paralyses me.Passionately and from the depths of my heart I say"This monstrous thing does not exist"; there is no real rela- tion between it and me. I try to hold myself apart, to denyit, and to work out my own salvation ; yet though I boit andbar every door the miasma creeps in upon me, of shadowyfear and black depression.Yet it is not real. If it were real, I might acquiesce inthe death of my own illusions, acknowledge to my heart thatmy soul had cheated me with vain promises, and drown itfor ever by plunging into the war. That I cannot do, Theconscious part of me still rises in bitter revoit against thethought and still proclaims that the war is a truth only tothat in me that shivers with vague and unnamed terrors ;to that which fights agsinst them in hungry desperation it isa lie,— an active, festering lie coiled in the branches abovemy head as I struggle on, ready to descend and crush.And there we stand over against each other, weak fever- ish truth and bestial lie. For the lie is within me watchingwhen I tire. I cannot keep my hands for ever tight upon itsthroat. I am not brave, nor of heroic strength. I weaken, myfingers slacken, and the thing puts another coil about me,and another until my struggle grows wild and hysterical. Icannot think any more, My thoughts are now like birds thatrise and beat for a brief second against the bars ; one falls,another rises and as quickly falls, and another. They lie, bruised and toril by the terrible beating of their own hearts,They rise again and dash themselves in a fury of weak anddizzy madness against the cage, quicker and quicker, feeblerand feebler. At last they are not thoughts at ail but thespasmodic twitchings of ungovernable nerves.And then I am lost. I have no more power in me toresist the Beast. My struggle over, one thought rises clearbefore me : "What if my Beast be true and my Man a lie ?"And I listen to the question. I make no answer, for my ownweakiiess and defeat make answer for me. In the silence}something says : "Give up and enter. Why listen to the Man,that is so easily beaten to his knees ? The Beast is in you.Why deny him ?" Perhaps I should find release in the sur- render of myself to that I loathe and hate. Not surrendering,I am myself, but only for a treacherous moment of self- possession, before the thing returns and takes hold of meagain. Why should I fight to be myself, when to be myselfis no more than the passionate, vain effort to maintain it ?I do not know ; and yet I try. I am trying now. I seek tohold myself apart in one place, and to set myself over againstthe war, which is in another. But the St. George and Dragoneffect is childish and ridiculous. I eannot believe in it for amoment. The War is in me: it seizes and chokes me. WhenI am most valiantly prepared, it enters in like a dark floodat every avenue of sense. It wells up like an ooze above thethreshold of my consciousness. It is become a black and bittercontagion in my blood. If I could hold it fairly before mywaking mind, and fight it there, I might throttle it and befree. But there I hold only a weak shadow of the thing thatworks in the dark and sleep, undermining, crawling, establish- ing its strength, till the appointed time when it will deliverits final assault, unseen, motionless and silent, and I willcrumble and collapse.I will not surrender then. I dare not. I will build upagain. And it will be again at its quiet stealtliy working:again I will collapse, and again build up... How shall I build and with what ?I must build after a purpose and according to a plan,with the full activity of m y waking mind. I will search outmy own keenest desires. I will exercise the garrison of myfortress, and instruct them, that they may know for whatthey fight and how they may most hopefully resist. They caneonquer only the enemies they see; but they may raise astrength which the unseen enemy will not so easily shake.I know it is a part and only a part. I am compact of un- known no less than known. Perhaps the known Man is byso much weaker than the unknown, as the unknown Beastis stronger and more terrible than the known. It should beso. I will not doubt it : nor will I doubt that the known andthe unknown Man are in alliance.But I must meet the enemy I see. The War bas assailedme in my consciousness. Men I knew, of my own âge, hâvemet their death. Every time the news of such a death hascome to me, I hâve been plunged for hours, even for da,ysinto a cold despondency of horror. Yet the ho ror was notfor them, but for me; not of their death, but of my own.They were like me in their ways, not wholly like me, —some of them little enough — but something like, for theywere, or they had been, my friends. They desired to achievesomething out of their lives beyond the mere extension ofcomfortable existence. They were like me in that, which wasthe chief matter : and when they died, I died with them, fora minute or an hour or a day. I died with ail that I dreamof and struggle for unachieved. Their achievement was snuffedout with their life. Can it be as light and unsubstantial as that ?No, I believe it is something to live for, without whichthe life I h ave lived is just a silly taie, snapped off in themiddîe, because neither the teller nor the listeners found itinteresting. So the War comes near to me again, in the thoughtthat the time is approaehing when I shall be taken and madeto serve. Then I know that I shall die. There will be noescape. The thought is intolerable to me, that I should die in the service of the Beast that I loathe, taken against mywill : that the thing I despise should break off my taie as onenot worthy to be told; that I should be surrendered to amechanical process in which I shall find neither satisfactionnor hope, which takes me as that which I am not and forcesme to that which I will not be. And even the thought, whichonce consoled me, that if I am taken by force, I will notmind, because I hâve done nothling of my own will to bringit upon me, consoles me no longer. I feel now that I mustfight against it so long as I hâve breath.And yet there are times when the prospect is seductive,to be under orders, to be rid of this tyrannous unsatisfiedimpatient soul, to die just because I am told t 0...But that is only self-deception. I should not be rid of it-It would be always present to torment me. One more chainadded to ail the chains of my own.And then I wonder : "What of those others ?" Surely theybeing of my kind, were tortured by these ideas. Surely, theytoo could not bear to look at death save with the courage ofsomething achieved out of their lrves, And yet they died, andI suppose, died gladly. I do not understand it any more. I donot believe that they died gladly : either that or they werenot of my kind. What were they then and how were theypersuaded ?Two answers come into my mind. One is that they werekindled and caught up into the flame of passionate desire forwar as war, which scorched me in those remote days when Iwaited feverishly for war to be declared, shouted ail nightlong with the crowds in the streets, called A bas les Allemands !outside the French Embassy, and stood for days together ina queue at the door of a recruiting-office waiting my turn tobe enrolled. It may be so. Or perhaps, seeing as clearly as Iwhat was the motive of their desire for life and what a waitedthem as soldiers, they chose to meet their death. I cannotbelieve that they imagined that they would come out alive.Then they were moved by a deeper passion than that for achievement in their lives, for theirs was no achievementin life. Perhaps tliey achieved in their death. I do not know.But I do know that they achieved only a moment, not acondition ; an ecstasy, not an activity. They were moved bya deeper passion, by a passionate love for their country forwhich they were willing to die. Either that, or they werewhirled away by a momentary desire for violent and bloodysatisfaction, which lay below the yearning for an excitingconvulsion of their monotonous lives. If this be true, thenthey concern me no more, for they are not near to me. Ihave felt the desire and it has fallen away, because it wasnot really mine.But this love of their country ?It means so little to me that I cannot believe that itmeant so much to them. I love my country, but I do notlove it passionately. I love it in so far as it affords me free- dom to work out my own justification. I seek from it theminimum of interference, and if I do not fmd it, then I willgo elsewhere. And if it should happen that my country de- mand of me with authority that I should give up my life for it,the motive of the love which [ bear it would instantly be destroyedThis is cold calculation. It may be that patriotic love isa hot unreasoning instinct, If it is, I have none of it. Instinctit was that drove me to shout outside the Embassy and tothe Putney recruiting-office, but it was not the instinct oflove. Moreover I know it was an instinct to which I shouldthink it shame to have yielded, for by it I would have be- trayed myself. Then there rose up in me the desire suddenlyto break away from the monotonous distortion of my realpurposes which is called my life, and to be quit of ail res- ponsibility to myself by entering as an obedient part into thefighting-machine. But now I know that the heavy obligationto myself cannot be escaped in this or any other way. So faras in me lies, I must fulfil it. It can never be put off.Again, I wonder : Is this more than a coward's rhetoric ?Àm I merely afraid of death ? I know that I am afraid of death, and yet to me thereseems a vast différence between this and to be merely afraidof death. For death is terrible to me only because it meansthat nothing of m y deep desire will be satisfied or mv purposeachieved. Without a consummation my life is barren andmeaningless. Death now would be not a consummation, but astupid discordant finale interpolated by some malignant fool.I say — not knowing what I mean — that I desire to achieveart. Without that achievement, whether I die gently in mybed or in physical agony somewhere in France, death is anequal horror. making the life that I hâve lived a desolatemockery. I have set my hope in that which shall be. Am Ito be denied ?Nevertheless, it may be that the fear of death, whetherin peace or pain, whether as the end of life or the killing ofsomething that is carried in the womb of the soûl, is coward- ice. It may be that others who go bravely to their bodilydeath have not found more present joy in life than I andwait upon that which they might shape from themselves inthe future to be justified. Then by their side I am a coward.And what of that ? Shall I be ashamed that I am sucha coward and despise myself? I know but one cause why Ishould despise myself: if I prefer lower to higher, imperfectto perfeet, lie to truth. I hold nothing higher, nothing moreperfect, nothing truer than the achievement of art. It isplanted in my nature to count ail things empty and unprofit- able that do not subdue themselves to this end. I will liveon for this. I will not die for something which means nothingto me.I cannot despise mvsell for this. Yet for other things Ido despise myself. I have not yet found the courage to riskthe extreme of poverty rather than wear out the little talentthat I have in s ter il e and mechanical occupations. Though thequestion is not so easily decided, and I can argue as passion- ately against as I can for poverty that would be abject, yetthere remains always a little cloud of self-contempt hovering within my mind. I can despise myself ; yet I do not despise ray- self for fearing death and refusing to court it against mydeeper will.My deeper will is to live on that 1 may achieve art. Ihâve written it so often now that it seems to me no morethan specious words to deceive myself. Yet, suppose that it isonly a word : why then does this word alone haye permanentmeaning for me, alone give force and sanction to my desires ?I desire to be free, but freedom is formless and undesirableunless it be freedom to achieve art ; and there is not one o£my desires, save those which are physical and momentary, buttakes its reality and permanence from this final purpose.What is it, then, this urgent desire to create art in words ?It is not a desire to manipulate words for themselves. I haveno pleasure in that, for words come to me always with labour.They, and their beauties, are to me no end at ail. They areno more than the means by which I may express somethingwhich I feel an imperious need to express. What is this thing ?It is noc beauty. Whatever beauty may be, it has no in- timate existence in me. I can appreciate what is called thebeauty of a vase, a picture, a poem, or a face ; yet,though I admire it, I cannot make it mine. It is set overagainst me. I am here, and there is the admirable thing. Ican bring it no nearer to me. I do not even desire to bringit near and make it mine; for it does not profoundly affectme. It is independent and complété and repels me from itself,like a polished wall of steel or stone on which I can find nofoothold.But there are faces and pictures and writings whichat tract and do not repel me. They allure me and that whichallures me in them is somehow akin to that which I desireto express in words. They awaken my active sympathy. I feelwith the soul which expressed itself thus and thus, whichshows in the face, the picture or the writing. Yes, only thatinterests me deeply which I can understand as the expressionof a striving soul. Then I feel with another soul. It does not mean that I feel or hâve felt the same things as tke othersoul — but I am conscious that I might hâve the samefeelings. I recognise in them an intimate, personal possibility.What then is this personal possibility in me ? It mustbe that which is most intimately true of myself, for onlythat which others found inwardly true of themselves couldappeal to me as possibly true of myself. Else how could Irecognise it for true ? There would be no bond between itand me.Yet there are times when the idea that art consists inthe expression of personal truth seems narrow and sterile.Even now I am with effort striving to put into words asmuch as I can of the immediate truth of me. Is it art ? Icannot believe it, nor can I think that art is so easy, nor sohard. But let it not be art, there is nothing lost thereby&lt;Because the only art that I can understand or desire is builtupon personal truth, does it follow that ail personal truth isart ? Rather this truth is as it were the rule and plumb-lineby which art is built, or the chemical agent which précipitâtesit from vaster and more vague imaginations.It has a common and familiar ring, as though a manmight at ail times produce at a summons some item of personaltruth. Yet to me this is the hardest of ail things to hold : soseldom does it emerge into the life a man lives. He worksand rests from work, eats and sleeps, and ail the wh'le histruth lies dormant, hidden beneath the weight of the actionsand reactions of a life that is not life, but an ugly andlaborious means of living, and even when the seals are brokenand the great stone rolled away and he finds himself carelessin the presence of one of those very few whom he has provedhis friends, how seldom does he succeed in urging out onesingle word of his truth ! He is compacted of numbed facul- ties and inhibited desires ; he cannot breathe the atmosphèreof his unused freedom and he is content to feel betweenhimself and them some current of silent understanding andsome assurance that not the words he says will be so muchtaken for his own as the tone in which he speaks them or The smile with which he gives them : which is an acknow- ledgment that the intimate truth exists in him to be takenon trust, for it cannot, save at the rarest moments struggleinto the spoken word. Therefore it is not foolish or paradox- ical to conceive of the true life, or the life of art, as the longstraining to achieve ever more and more of personal truth.But, Personal Truth ? Is that, too, only words ? Can it bejust a delusion and a vain mirage, shining on my ever- shifting horizon ? Can the Personal Truth of the faintingwavering spirit and the little body, which is me, be no morethan the yearning to achieve it ?I cannot believe that my inmost vital part is an emptyparadox. And this is not an empty paradox, but a true one ;and a true paradox is born of the failure of words by them- selves to shape themselves close to the outline of life andtruth. In it is enclosed the essential conflict between the liv- ing and the dead, the living truth and the dead materialword. Behind my paradox something is hidden,To seek art and express Personal Truth is an activity,particular to me, in so far as I believe that I shall attainmore of my truth in this activity than another will of hisown. But it is only a part of a larger and more général act- ivity of soul. I try to imagine myself completely achieved :and in that joyful consummation the expression of my truthseems to sink back into one relation with an harmoniouswhole. It tyrannises over me no more. It is the aspect whichmy life bears for an hour, a week or a day ; but its otheraspects are manifold and each no less desirable. It is thevery condition of their being that they should be desirable,for, whatever I should be doing, I should be freely doing.Ànd that, I suppose, is the end and meaning of it ail —free activity. I should be freely doing.