The mask 11 3 July 1925 naau_1925-07_01 The mask 11 3 THREE LONDON ESTIMATES OF THE MASK. 2 VERSAILLES TAKEN FROM THE AIR. Showing the Large Opera House built by Architect Gabriel; commenced 1733, inaugurated May 16th, 1770. A portion of the u Thêâtre des petits Cabinets " built in 1747 for Mme. de Pompadour is also shown. Plate 9. Illustration 4 ABOUT THE PLAN. J. S cre 5-6 Untitled Image Illustration 6 PLAN DE PARIS COMMENCE L'ANNÉE 1734. DESSINÉ ET GRAVEÉ SOUS LES ORDRES DE MICHEL-ETIENNE TURGOT, PRÉVÔT DES MARCHANDS ETC. ACHEVÉ ET GRAVE EN 1739. E. G. C cre 7-8 Untitled Image Illustration 8 KEY PLAN TO THE "PLAN DE TURGOT". E. G. C cre 9-50 Untitled Image Illustration 9 I Plate I. to Plate 9. Illustration 10 II Plate 2. Follows down to Plate 10. Illustration 11 III Plate 3. Follows down to Plate 11. Illustration 12 IV Plate 4. Follows down to Plate 12. Illustration 13 V Plate 5. Follows down to Plate 13. Illustration 14 VI Plate 6. Follows down to Plate 14. Illustration 15 VII Plate 7. Follows down to Plate 15. Illustration 16 VIII Plate 8. Follows down to Plate 16. Illustration 17 IX Plate 9. To be set below Plate I, above Plate 17. Illustration 18 X Plate 10. To be set below Plate 2, above Plate 18. Illustration 19 XI Plate 11. To be set below Plate 3, above Plate 19. Illustration 20 XII Plate 12. To be set below Plate 4, above Plate 20. Illustration 21 XIII Plate 13. To be set bclow Plate 5, above Plate 21. Illustration 22 XIV Plate 14. To be set below Plate 6, above Plate 22. Illustration 23 XV Plate 15. To be set below Plate 7, above Plate 23, Illustration 24 XVI Plate 16. To be set below Plate 8, above Plate 24, Illustration 25 XVII Plate 17. To be set below Plate 9, above Plate 25. Illustration 26 XVIII Plate 18. To be set below Plate 10, above Plate 26. Illustration 27 XIX Plate 19, To be set below Plate 11, above Plate 27. Illustration 28 XX Plate 20. To be set below Plate 12, above Plate 28. Illustration 29 XXI Plate 21, To be set below Plate 13, above Plate 29. Illustration 30 XXII Plate 22. To be set below Plate 14, above Plate 30. Illustration 31 XXIII Plate 23. To be set below Plate 15, above Plate 31. Illustration 32 XXIV Plate 24. To be set below Plate 16, above Plate 32. Illustration 33 XXV Plate 25 To be set below Plate 17, above Plate 33. Illustration 34 XXVI Plate 26. To be set below Plate 18, above Plate 34. Illustration 35 XXVII Plate 27. To be set below Plate 19, above Plate 35. Illustration 36 XXVIII Plate 28. To be set below Plate 20, above Plate 36. Illustration 37 XXXIX Plate 29. To be set below Plate 21, above Plate 37. Illustration 38 XXX Plate 30. To be set below Plate 22, above Plate 38. Illustration 39 XXXI Plate 31. To be set below Plate 23, above Plate 39. Illustration 40 XXXII Plate 32. To be set below Plate 24, above Plate 40. Illustration 41 XXXIII Plate 33. To be set below Plate 25. Illustration 42 XXXIV Plate 34. To be set below Plate 26. Illustration 43 XXXV Plate 35. To be set below Plate 27. Illustration 44 XXXVI Plate 36. To be set below Plate 28. Illustration 45 XXXVII Plate 37. To be set below Plate 29. Illustration 46 XXXVIII Plate 38. To be set below Plate 30. Illustration 47 XXXIX Plate 39. To be set below Plate 31. Illustration 48 XL Plate 40. To be set below Plate 37. Illustration 49 CORRESPONDENCE. 51-52 Untitled Image Illustration 51 UNIVERSITY AND DRAMA C. G. Smith cre 51 MOVING WITH THE TIMES Amos B. Cottle cre 51-52 THE AMATEUR E. G. C cre 52 BOOK REVIEWS. 53-55 Untitled Image Illustration 53 DENKMALER DES THE A TERS. 53 MONUMENTA SCENICA is a E. G. C cre 53 WIENER SZENISCHE KUNST. 53 SIMS REEVES by Charles E.Pearce. 53-54 THE RETROSPECT OF 54 YANG KUEI-FEI. The most 54-55 THE CONSTANT NYMPH. 55 OXFORD BOOKS ON THE 55 MAGAZINES. 55-56 THE CALENDAR Of Modem 55-56 THE DIAL : Monthly. $ 5. a year. 56 THE LITERARY DIGEST. 56 THE BERMONDSEY BOOK. 56 Untitled Image Illustration 56 EDITORIAL NOTES. 57-58 Untitled Image Illustration 57 DRAMA NOT THEATRE. 57 THEATRE BOOKS. 57 THE POOR PLAYWRIGHT. 57 INCORRECT. 57 BRITISH OPERA. 58 o AN OMISSION. o 58 A DRAMA LIBRARY. 58 UNWANTED. 58 LUCIEN GUITRY. J. S cre 58 Untitled Image Illustration 58 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 1 THE MASK1925 THE MASK1908^)j^2jS^1925 All Rights reserved. July 1925.Gerente responsabile Antonio Maraini.Tipografia Giuntina, Firenze, THREE LONDONESTIMATES OFTHE MASK. A play is a form of literature in- tended to be acted on a publicstage. For its successful productionare necessary a good play, a goodtheatre, good actors, an attentive au- dience, and a supreme producer. Theylittle guess that the actress who socharmed and thrilled them had to becoached in everything she uttered ;that all the feeling, all the wit, all thehorror she exhibited were laboriouslytaught to her by a profane and untiringstage manager. Similarly the produ- cer's other work of making a wholeout of the odds and ends of a de- jected and rebellious greenroom, ofturning a ghastly dress rehearsal intoa triumphant first night, is rarely ap- preciated properly by the audience.They, bless their dear hearts, believein the genius of the individual actor oractress, a thing which rarely occursand is always dangerous; they forgetthe producer. Especially in Englandthey forget him. More, they dislikeand despise him. Here they arehelped by the dramatic critics who,when they are not over praising a goodactor or actress, are busily assuring usthat a third-rate miss is a Mrs. Sid- dons. Never was theatrical criticismin so low a state as at present Therehas been, since Max left England,practically no expert criticism of acting,To-day critics, unrebuked, hail so im- mature, inexpert and insensitive anactress as Miss Fay Compton as ifshe were the equal of Ellen Terry;and Miss Thorndike's industrious elo- cution is praised as high tragic acting.Perhaps these things are a judgementon the English stage. For we hadhere the greatest man of the theatreour century has known, and all wecould do with him was to laugh athim, and now that he lives in Italyevery third rate little dramatist or dra- matic critic makes an insolent gestureat Mr. Gordon Craig. The big menknow his woith. Mr. Yeats haspraised him and given him whatchance he could ; and artists less con- siderable than Mr. Yeats, but men ofsensitiveness and dramatic taste, suchas Mr. Lennox Robinson, pay tributeto his work. Those who are interestedin what Mr. Craig and his colleaguesare doing for the theatre, and in whatthey hope and think of, cannot dobetter than subscribe to Ihe MasNormally it has four numbers a year ;it is illustrated ; it is exceptionally easyto read, and while you may find thingsin it to disagree with, you will never findanything merely flatulent or pompous. THE"REVIEW OF REVIEWS"CALLS IT'• ONE OF THE MOST NOTEWORTHYMAGAZINES PUBLISHEDIN THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE"QUITE UNIQUE AND A CREDIT TOENGLISH LETTERS".JANUARY, 1925.OTHE MORNING POSTSAYS "THE LIVELIEST AND WITTIESTLITTLE MAGAZINE KNOWN TO US".□&lt;• BRILLIANT AND INFORMATIVE".FEBRUARY 24, 1925.• . ' • . IIoWHAT"THE GUARDIAN"MAY 1 , 1925.SAYS IS REPRINTED IN THE SIDECOLUMN UPON THIS PAGE.oSUBSCRIPTIONS MAY BE SENT THROUGHANY BOOKSELLER ; OR, BY CHEQUE, POSTALORDER OR BANK NOTE, DIRECT TO:THE MASK PUBLISHERSBOX 444, FLORENCE, ITALY. VERSAILLES TAKEN FROM THE AIR.Showing the Large Opera House built by Architect Gabriel; commenced 1733, inaugurated May 16th, 1770. A portion of the u Thêâtre despetits Cabinets " built in 1747 for Mme. de Pompadour is also shown. Plate 9. ABOUT THE PLAN. J. S. IN this number of The Mask we continue the series we began inJanuary last with the reproduction of Nolli's famous Plan of Roma,and purpose to carry on later with the publication of other rarePlans, of London and some more Italian cities.This eighteenth century Plan of Paris which we now offer ourreaders is a view of the Paris of 1 734"39 and might really have beenphotographed from an aeroplane. These artists of centuries agomanaged without photographic or flying machine because their imagina- tions were so well trained to flight, and their eye and hand so undercontrol, that to see a city from the skies without being up in the airwas a possibility. But with these two gifts they did more than thephotograph or aeroplane can ever hope to do. They were able tosee the city from above and sideways at the same time, recordingvery nearly all that the man flying up and down and walking inthe streets between the houses would see.In this Turgot plan a double thing is done : imagination has liftedthe artist-recorder over the spires of Notre Dame and imagination hasenabled him at the same time to remain down with us. Not withoutqualities it seems, this same imagination of man.What was the date of the first exact and useful birdseye view of this kind the Libraries of London, Roma and Paris can say. We knovof a few brilliant Italian plans ; for example that birdseye view of Venezia engraved on wood by Jacopo de' Barbari (circa 1 600) and thone of Ferrara of 1 747 in manuscript. The latter we hope to presento our readers before long, since we believe it is not very well knowr PLAN DE PARISCOMMENCE L'ANNÉE 1734. DESSINÉ ET GRAVEÉ SOUSLES ORDRES DE MICHEL-ETIENNE TURGOT, PRÉVÔTDES MARCHANDS ETC. ACHEVÉ ET GRAVE EN 1739. E. G. C. Isleworth, 15th September 1759.Dear Boy: History must be accompanied with chronology as well as geography,or else one has but a very confused notion of it; for it is not sufficient to knowwhat things have been done, which history teaches us; and where they have beendone, which we learm by geogrephy; but one must know when they have beendone, and that is the particular business of chronology.From the Earl of Chesterfield's Letters to his Son. VERY magnificent were the ideas ofMichel Etienne Turgot, Prevotdes Marchands of Paris in themiddle of the eighteenth century.If would be hard to find a moreswagger plan of any city and there existmany grandiose plans of Venice, of Lon- don, of Firenze, and Roma, and five or sixof Paris.I take it that Monsieur Turgot wasnot excessively sensitive; that he had weight—was something of a despot—and knewwhat he wanted. And in 1733 hewanted a man who could dp the jobbetter than Truschet had done it in 1 531and better than Gomboust in 1649,Rochefort in 1672 and Bullet and Blondelin 1670 : and all these as he saw haddone the thing fairly well. He was alittle put out hearing so much aboutM. l'Abbe Delagrive and his " mathe- matical precision". Precision he wasgoing to have, but not at the expenseof the monumental.There was something a little toofinicken about M. l'Abbe—too delicate.It annoyed him to see so many headscraning over a square inch by De la Grive.What he wanted was square miles—tout Paris, not a cul-de-sac with a manwheeling a barrow:—besides, Callot hadbeen dead a hundred years. CardinalRichelieu had thought well of that fellow—he would have been useful for putting inthe figures now ; still as Callot was deadand gone, and houses, palaces, and the streetsand bridges and some boats remained, hewill have these recorded...and let 'emimagine the figures—put 'em inside thehouses. Decidedly since Callot was dead,it was useless to think of figures—bah!that Delavigne or Delagrive—all's one.So Turgot sent for a modest littleman he knew of: one Louis Bretez ageographical engineer: Delicacy be damned,said Turgot—fancy being delicate aboutParis—besides....and M. Louis Bretez isshown into the presence.And there he receives the order tomake this plan: he is to complete thedrawing during 1734, an engraver is tocut it on the plates, and that will takelonger than a year it would seem. 1734being the year of the war with Parma—1735 the year when Louis XV beginsto reign—what else is occupying the time,money and attention of the people of Paris,that the engraving of these twenty plates is delayed until 1739. Five years arenot needed to engrave 20 plates; butfive years were lost after 1734 whenthe design was ready. I do not know howor why, but 1 enjoy a laugh when I seeyears lost over such a work as this. Tohurry over it makes for trouble and regret.Claude Lucas strolled into the engraving,and the lettering was done by Aubin.The original plan consisted of 20sheets, each sheet measuring 79 centimetreswide by 5 0 high; this includes the borderwhich (in the original) is 32 millimetreswide. Some of the sheets measured only48 high. United in one, so as to forma single sheet to hang on a wall, itmeasured about 3 metres 16 centimetresby 2 metres 45 centimetres... exclusiveof the margin.So it will be seen that it really isan enormous plan, yet in 1851 the greatsheet was still procurable for 50 francs(that was when 50 francs were wellworth two English pounds): while before1840 one could buy it any where for about25 francs and 44 more or less splendidlybound " says M. Alfred Bonnardot.Today you must pay a high pricefor an original copy, although reproduc- tions, good, large but unwieldy, used tocost about 5 francs. The last time Itried to get one, it had gone up to agood deal more.So it is not a rare plan : though anedition this size and for this price hasnever appeared till now.Gomboust's plan, of about a hundredyears earlier, is very rare—though this toohas been admirably reproduced by A. Ta- ride who used to issue a number of fineplans from 18-20 Boulevard Saint Denis,amongst them this same 44 Plan de Turgot."It is said that this Plan de Turgotwas not highly valued in its own day:its perspective was considered 4 forced *: and indeed it has a hard Turgotish feeling.Had the Abbe Delagrive been invited todo it how then?: he would (I feel con- vinced) have broken down: who else wasalive to attempt satisfying this Turgot andhis colossal ideas.To me it is a delight. I would nothave it a scrap less precise: I would notwear off an edge of it: 1 like it formaland hard: it will endure well and servefaithfully. It is as plain as a date: itis a historian's plan rather than an artist's:and since it is the historians who turn toplans, let them thank heaven that Watteauwasn't called in to make it fantastic andfaithless, nor even Callot alive to bebrowbeaten by old Turgot. I presumehe was 01d... this is surely not the kindof thing a young man orders. KEY PLAN TO THE "PLAN DE TURGOT". E. G. C. I Plate I. to Plate 9. II Plate 2. Follows down to Plate 10. III Plate 3. Follows down to Plate 11. IV Plate 4. Follows down to Plate 12. V Plate 5. Follows down to Plate 13. VI Plate 6. Follows down to Plate 14. VII Plate 7. Follows down to Plate 15. VIII Plate 8. Follows down to Plate 16. IX Plate 9. To be set below Plate I, above Plate 17. X Plate 10. To be set below Plate 2, above Plate 18. XI Plate 11. To be set below Plate 3, above Plate 19. XII Plate 12. To be set below Plate 4, above Plate 20. XIII Plate 13. To be set bclow Plate 5, above Plate 21. XIV Plate 14. To be set below Plate 6, above Plate 22. XV Plate 15. To be set below Plate 7, above Plate 23, XVI Plate 16. To be set below Plate 8, above Plate 24, XVII Plate 17. To be set below Plate 9, above Plate 25. XVIII Plate 18. To be set below Plate 10, above Plate 26. XIX Plate 19, To be set below Plate 11, above Plate 27. XX Plate 20. To be set below Plate 12, above Plate 28. XXI Plate 21, To be set below Plate 13, above Plate 29. XXII Plate 22. To be set below Plate 14, above Plate 30. XXIII Plate 23. To be set below Plate 15, above Plate 31. XXIV Plate 24. To be set below Plate 16, above Plate 32. XXV Plate 25 To be set below Plate 17, above Plate 33. XXVI Plate 26. To be set below Plate 18, above Plate 34. XXVII Plate 27. To be set below Plate 19, above Plate 35. XXVIII Plate 28. To be set below Plate 20, above Plate 36. XXXIX Plate 29. To be set below Plate 21, above Plate 37. XXX Plate 30. To be set below Plate 22, above Plate 38. XXXI Plate 31. To be set below Plate 23, above Plate 39. XXXII Plate 32. To be set below Plate 24, above Plate 40. XXXIII Plate 33. To be set below Plate 25. XXXIV Plate 34. To be set below Plate 26. XXXV Plate 35. To be set below Plate 27. XXXVI Plate 36. To be set below Plate 28. XXXVII Plate 37. To be set below Plate 29. XXXVIII Plate 38. To be set below Plate 30. XXXIX Plate 39. To be set below Plate 31. XL Plate 40. To be set below Plate 37. A FEW NOTES ON THE"PLAN DE TUKGOT". MANY hundreds of notes under andaround these plates could be addedto tell the story of the Paris streets of 1734-39 and after. And Turgot mightwell have put someone on to do this forus, at any rate to the extent of namingevery interesting spot as Nolli did inthe Pianta di Roma. But many hun- dreds of entries will not crush into thespace at our command. So we must rest content to add under the plates only thoseof the highest Theatrical value, and leaveit to the scholar to interleave his copyand add what interests him most. Forothers, besides the theatrical-minded,will, it is hoped, use this plan.It is curious to note that only two Theatres are marked on this plan : the Co- m6dieFran£aiseandtheCom6dieltalienne, tliough the diligent worker will no doubt locate the precise position of a few more, But at Turgot's time Paris did not possess as many Theatres as did Koma in 1748 (see the Nolli plan) and earlier, I feel very much and very often that Paris has always been held to be far stronger in all Theatrical matters than in reality she ever was. I fancy the French people created this impression of strength by means of their admira- ble talk. I have noted time and again thatItaly talks less and shows more : ....per- haps not being able to talk quite sowittily had something to do with it.In any case Italy's theatrical recordsare immense and France's not verylarge. We are told by the archeologists and historians of Prance (especially of Paris) of the existence of Theatres of which not a single trace can be shown. We believe all we are told of course, but we would have liked to see something, In Italy there are theatres of the 16th %* century still in existence. The one Ro- man theatre of Paris is made much of by Parisians as is natural, but on Italy showing us these immense buildings by the dozen, the Paris trifle somehow falls flat. No, Paris is stronger in its literature than in its theatre, and it is ' to literary men that this Plan is boundto appeal. After all it is something tolook down and see where it was Vol- taire walked and talked, ....perhaps itis even more to be able to follow thefootsteps of Moliere.To some of us it is neither Voltaire nor Moliere of whom we shall think on lookiugdown on Paris, but of the crowd. Thecrush of little poets, little painters, littleabb6s, and soldiers, workmen, actresses,lemonade sellers, carriages by the thou- sand, packed as they are today, fil- ling up the streets, creating a bustle ; shouts and screams and dust risingup, noises of every kind thickeningthe hot air of a Wednesday afternoon asthe Opera opens its doors to let in thefolk to hear that dearest of all beings,Sophie Arnould, singing to them.... so thatthey might say they have heard her and seen her, and go away and forget whatthey heard and saw, leaving me with eyestixed to follow her steps as she goesfrom the Opera to mix with the Pari- sians at some supper table—utterly in- consequent— utterly drunk— quite bril- liant too in her own way—far too good for Paris of the 18th century; a fortu- nate, an unfortunate human being, des- tined to arouse everyone's love and most people's hate;.the creation of Pa- ris ; the silliest bit of goods ever crea- ted, and yet one of the dearest of things that ever came into existence. It is Sophie Arnould I see when I look over this vast plan and she seems to me the only thing big enough to fill that stage. intellect alone, beauty alone, virtue alone—nothing by itself does fill it: wemust find a figure with all the weaknessof Paris and all the strength of theworld before we can hope to see it standout commanding the city,To me Sophie Arnould alone does this. Notes[ to Plate 5, opposite page.1797. Sophie Arnould is living overawigmaker's shop in the Bue du Pe- tit Lion.1750. The younger Mile. Yerrieres livesin Itue de Seves opposite the Abbaye an Bo's. Her appartraent is on thefirst floor 4&lt;de six de facesur le rue This plate, forming the top right handcorner of the Plan, shows the ruraldistrict of the Petit Gentilli, beyond the Observatoire and the FaubourgSt. Jacques, with its groves andgardens, through which later the railway ran towards Sceaux andwith the great building of the Hopitalde la Sant6. In the left corner of this plate is theground called Mont-Louis, head quar- ters of the Jesuits in the reign ofLouis XIY, Here P&amp;re Lachaise (con- fessor to Louis XIY) lived, and herein 1804 the ground was enclosed bywalls and called Ciraetiere du PereLachaise. 1754. Louis de Bourbon Cond6 had aprivate Theatre built in bis bouse inRue de la Roquette. (See also Plate10). In the lower right hand corner we seeHue de Harlai or Harley. Severalamusing incidents (one legendary) make the street of interest to thetheatrically curious, who, when theyhave rooted up the items will, we hope, tell us. But he careful, forthere are two streets of this samename. 1700, Before 1700 there was a PrivateTheatre in Hotel de Clermont-Ton- nerre an Mcrais in Rue des Minimes.Here Lekain acted in' 1749. 1734. The Hotel de Chaulnes passes toM. de Nicolai and is called by hisname.Once No. 28, it became No. 279 in the Revolution and No. 9in 1916. In theyear 1858 Rachel came to live here.Victor Hugo occupied No. 6.1682-1691. Bossuet lived at No. 17. 1644. Theatre de Moliere or PlllustreTheatre moved to Port St Paul, ha- ving been first situated in tlie Fau- bourg St. Germain (Plate 22).1734. Mol6, F. R. born Nov. 24, 1734, Rue Saint Louis : died at No. 1. RueCorneille, 1799.1736 1774. Louis Henry Feulie, actor,was born Feb. 25, 1736, Rue SaintLouis. 1743. Madam© de Cbatelet and Voltairelived Hotel Lambert, Hue Blanchede Castille No. 2- He Saint Louis,tie. Rue St Louis in the TurgotPlan). In Rue St Jean de Beauvais lived RobertEstienne (1503-59) the famous printer,and here his son* Henri was born. Here are the great Colleges de Na- varre and de Bon court, the Collegedes Lombards (1333) and that of Car- dinal le Moine.Moie of these great Colleges are to hefound in Plate 14. Coll&amp;ge du Plesis founded in 1323 : re- stored by Cardinal Richelieu: Col- lege de Cambrai founded in the 13 thcentury: College des Grassins, (16th century) : College de Montaigne,founded 1314, " the poorest and mostdemocratic of the university houseswhere the wits and the teeth were equally sharp (Michelet).In the 17th century a famous Cabaretwas at a corner house in Rue Mouf- fetard. Here may be seen Yal de Gr&amp;ce, the Be- nedictine Abbey founded by Anneof Austria in 1645: and Port Royal: near which today stands the Caf6Closerie de Lilas.1783. Tu Hue Portefoin lived Michel-Etienne Turgot " Prevot des Marchands " anddirector of this plan. L'Observatoire, built in the 17 th century.Under the wall of the Avenue MarshalNey was shot by orders of Louis XVIII in 1815.Somewhere at the left-hand corner wheretwo solitary trees are talking it over came into existence the great dan- cing place of the 18th and 19th cen- turies, La Grande Chauiniere. Here may be seen the Hopital St. Louisfounded by Heuri IV in 1607. Here on the Boulevard du Temple came to be built numbers of Theatres at the end of the 18th century, It was at No. 42 that Fieschi, in 1835,on July 28 th attempted to kill theking, Louis Philippe, and only des- troyed Marshal Mortier, Duke ofTreviso, and fourteen other peoplewith his bomb. 1623 to 1673. The&amp;tre du Marais (Rigalsays 1634) Rue Vieille du Temple.1632-33. Theatre d'Avenet in Rue Mi- chel-le-Comte No. 3. (formerly Jeude Paume Fontaine). 1492. 1642. Ninon d'Enclos was living Ruedes Trois Pavilions.1677. Theatre des Bainboches. au Marais.1728. Mile. Camargo (1710-1770) the dan- cer elopes with Comte de Melun who takes her from the Opera to hishotel in the Rue des Couture SaintGervais.1728. In the Rue Gieneta the eldest of 1548 to 1783. Hotel de Bourgogne RueMauconseil used for performances byFrench and Italian actors.1600 to 1623. Hotel d'Argent Rue de laPoterie, There are two streets so called, one near Halle au bled ; thesecond near Place de Gr&amp;ve.1710. Favart born Nov. 13 Rue de laVerrerie near la Rue des Billett.es.1729. Le Kain born Rue de la Fromagerie. 1331. L'Eglise Saint Merri is famous forpossessing the most ancient bell inParist dated 1331. This bell hassounded the hour of revolution too many a time. 1584. Hotel de Cluny, once usedTheatre, Rue des Mathurins.1660. Com6die Italienne 1660. Ruep6gaud. as a 1601. 4th Theatre Italien. Petit Bourbon(constructed about 1577.)Gue- 1699. Jean Racine lived at Hotel de la&gt; Rue Basse-des-Ursines Xo. 7. lie Saint-Louis, (not marked in Turgot).Hare says 7 Hue du Cloitre.1756. In the Rue de la Vieille BoucherieMile Raucourt is born.' 1635. Theatre da Faubourg Saint-Ger- main.1644. The Th6dtre de Moliere or lMllustroTheatre was first situated in the Faubourg St. Germain. It went laterto Port St. Paul (Plate 12): then toRue do Percy (Bussi?) Iu 1680 itwas in the Rue Mazarine ; iu 1689 it shifts to the Rue des Fosses St. Ger- main , now Rue de TAncienne ComGdie.Remains of the stage exist today. In the Rue du Vieux Colombier M. Jac- ques Copeau constructs his Theatre 44 du Yieux Colombier " in the 20 thcentury. Students of the modern Theatre will easily locate the sitehere. 1781. Anne-Robert Turgot, the son of the director of this Plan, was buried at the Hopital des Incurables. 1672. Jeu de Paume du Bel-Air was in the Rue (See also plate 23), The Burial ground of Mile. Clairon was outside barrier Rue Vaugiraud.House for Combat des Animaux or theBear Pit of Paris. 3792. In Rue de PHopital St. Louis thebody of Paul Jones, the pirate, wasburied in the Protestant Cemetary onJuly 20th. Between Faubourg St Denis and Fau- bourg St Laurent is today the busiestcommercial centre of Paris.Le Foire St Laurent, one of the two great centres of interest for students of theFrench and the Italian Theatre, washeld here, the other being the FoireSt Germain (see PI. 22). 1632. Hopital de St Lazare given to St.Vincent de Paul who made it thecentre of his missions and receivedlepers there. 1775-6 Mile. Raucourt is living with Mme.Sourques on the first floor of a housein rue Faubourg St. Denis. The housewas close to the Grille St. Denis. 1781. The Theatre de la Porte St Martinor L'Op6ra is built by Lenoir-du Ro- main where the word Martin shows inthe extreme right corner of this plate. 1688 Tiberio Fiorilli and his second wifelived in Cul de Sac des Deux-Porteslooking on to the church of SaintSauveur. He died in 1688, in anotherhouse in Rue Tiquetonne. 1739. On October 15 Francesco Roma- gnesi died in the old Rue de Bour- bon when the plan was just freshlyengraved and printed.1751. Les Demoiselles are living together in Rue Montmartre a oppositeHotel d'Uzcte (or d'Usez), It is here thatthe eldest, Marie makes a conquestof the Sieur de Turenne. The youngestgoes to a house in Rue Pelican. 1540. Hotel de Flandre to 1543, RueCoq-H6ron ; (here spelt Ooqueron).1693. Regnard the dramatist has a bousewith a garden in Rue Richelieu.1739. Prince de Carignan (1690-1741) while living at Hotel de Soissons, is " di- recteur-general " of the Opera. Had in his serraglio all les fllles of the Opera and a favourite called La Mariette. 1739. La Barberina, the very famousdancer, was living in Rue Vi- vienne ; her protector is Prince deCarignan. 1601. 4th Theatre Italien, Petit Bourbonconstructed about 1577.1614 to 1625. sth Th6&amp;tre Jtalien. PalaisRoyal. Italian Comici Fideli used it.1662, Theatre des Tuileries (1G62-1671), Built by the Italians Vigarani andArmandini of Modena.1670. G. B. Lulli builds his house at thecorner of Rue des Petits Champs andRue Ste. Anne. It can be seen here. 1673. Moliere dies in the house facingthe angle of Rue de Richelieu andRue Traverserie: ie, No. 34 Ruede Richelieu. (Traversine writes Aubin). 1721. The young Comte d'Argental, thatdevoted adorer of Adrienne Lecou- vreur, lived in one of the two hou- ses at the corner of the Quai. Hotelde Mailly or Hotel de Belle lie. 1739. In No. 46 Rue du Bac lived Sa- muel Bernard the Rothschild of theday, and died there in 1739 just asthis plan was appearing.1778. Yoltaire dies in the house at the corner of Rue de Beaune and theQuai.1740. Sophie Arnould is born in RueLouis Le Grand, parish of St. Roch. Seventeen fatuous Hotels are shown inthis plate : amongst those which pos- sessed private Theatres are Hotel de Clermont and Hotel de Villeroi.1846 Rue de Bac. Mile. Dorval lives atISTo, 110 (once 100 bis). It was here Whistler lived at the end of the 19 thcentury. The position of the houseis on the site of Les Convalescents. Hotel des Invalides planned by Henri IV.]t was begun in 1671 by Louis XIVas a home for old soldiers who, tillthat time, says Hare, had to beg their bread on the streets In 1841the body of that old soldier Napoleoncame to rest here in the chiefplace. 1735. Two of the famous mills of Mont- martre. All the Miillers go to thisattractive spot nowadays dressed out in all their finery Only two fa- milies seem to have had the 1925sense in 1735. When Bretez took the trouble to drawthe Mansion which is at the top ofthis plate near the word " Sainteand Lucas laboured on engraving it so neatly, why M. Aubin should nothave taken like pains to put a nameto it puzzles .those of us who like tosee others hard at it all the time. In Paris there have been many streetsnamed Rue Royale. When one readsof the Rue Royale of the 18 th century one must bear in mind this positionand no other. It is some distance fromhere to the Madeleine (see Plate 37). 1782-1790. Sophie Arnould is living, inRue Royale, at the angle where itmeets Rue la Croix Blanche. It was here around the Rue Roy ale thatFrench actors came to live in thetime of Napoleon : Mile. Raucourt in Rue Roy ale Mile. Mars in Rue Tourdes Dames, (Plate 35) Mile Duche- nois and Talma in the same street. 1683. When Lully left his lionse in Kue St Anne he built one in 1683 in Rue de la Magdeleine, Rue Ville d'Eve- sque, -wheie he died_(l6B7) being bu- ried in the Eglise. des Petits-Peres(see PI. 28)_ „ . .In 1754 Mile. Montansier lives on 3idfloor of a house in Rue St Honor 6 an the corner nf Hue Neuve dnLuxembourg. In 1756 in line StThomas du Louvre." (see pi. 29), Seven swagger Hotels are shown in thisPlate, one of them (Hotel Charost)our British Embassy. Pauline Bona- parte lived here once but whereare the snows of twentyfour .••evenof 1924 ? If, a9 I am informed by a historian, thePalais Bourbon was built in 1789,how is it that there it is in 1731, topleft hand corner of this plate? They say there is a theatrical Exhibitionbeing held 011 these banks just now/,not to in any way do harm to thea- tricals, but just out of habit. Thus ends this stupendous plan, tailingoff without an effect into a corner in swans. But what it was frightenedaway all the swans in the 18th oen- tury I have not as yet been able to discover. NOTES CONTINUED FROM THETEXT BENEATH THE PLATES. Plate 19.the Demoiselles Verri&amp;res, Marie Ge- nevi&amp;vre Rinteau was born: theyounger, Genevievre Claude in 1734.La Rue Michel-le-Comte.1700 at No. 1. lived Jean Serouge thearchitect.1480 1492 at No. 8. Jeu de Pnume de laFontaine in 1492 at the sign of LaRose Blanche. Often a Jeu de Paumewhen the game had grown out offashion served as an excellent placein which to construct a Theatre.This one of 1492 came in 1632-3 tobe used as a Theatre, le Th6&amp;tred'Avenet.1632. Established by Jacques Avenet. Itwas closed in 1633 because of thecommotion it caused in the narrowstreet.To the History of the FrenchTheatre every Jeu de Paume whichcan be spotted is of the utmost im- portance.1660. The Company of the Hotel de Bour- gogne has its abode here and playedas ThO&amp;tre du Marais till 1673 whenit was demolished.1637 at No. 27. At the back of thishouse was a Jeu de Paume de Braque.(1637).1700 at No. 56. lived Jean Philippe thearchitect.Plate 20.1758. Sophie Arnould's father set up anInn at Hotel de Lisieux Rue Bethisynear Rue Foss6 St Germain P Aux«errois.Plate 21.1770. Sophie Arnould is living in Rue duDauphin ; she takes a whole house.Fort d'Eveque where Clairon and manyan actor and actress were sent toreconsider their position.1848 (circa). Theatre Cluny, preciselywhere we see MATHTJRINS.1810. De Musset born Rue des Noyers.Plate 22.1650. Th&amp;itre de la Croix-Blanche. Ruede Bussi.1671. Th64tre de l'Hotel GuSnegaud, RueMazarine.1671. Acad6mie de Musique. or Opera.Jeu de paume de Bouteille, Rue Ma- zarine.1680. Com6die Franchise, Rue Maza- rine. Shifts in 1689 to Rue des Fos- ses Saint Germain des Pr&amp;s, todayRue Pancienne Com6die.1693. Jean Racine lives at Rue Marais21 (now Visconti) dying there in1699. Previous to that he lives atRue des Macons, Sorbonne.1720 (?)-1730. Adrienne Lecouvreur livedand died at 21 Rue Marais St. Germain.1714. Foire Saint Germain to 1718.First Opera Comique.1721. Pr6ville was born in Rue desMauvais-Garcjons (St. Suplice).Second Opera Comique.Foire Saint Germain.1735. Mile. Lamotte (1704-1769) actress,living Rue Mazarine (St. Suplice).1736. A new regulation is made to pre- vent the carriages blocking up thestreets round the Theatres Fran9aisand Italienne.1773. The large area covered by theHotel de Cond6 was bought by theState in 1773 011 Sept. 19th and onthis site in 1778 was built the Thea- tre de l'OdSon by Peyre and Waillyat a cost of 1,600,000 livres.Plate 28.1772. Sophie Arnould is liviDg in thePalais Royal not far from where wesee on our plan the words 44 Com- pagnies des Indes ".1790. On the site of the Hotel de Lou- vois the Theatre Louvois came to bebuilt in 1790.1816. La Guimard died in Rue M6narson the right side when entering bythe Rue de Richelieu. The streetcame to be built by the side of Hotelde Menars which is to be seen here,1734. P. F. Biancolelli died 18th Aprilin Rue Montorgueil about the timethat Louis Bretez was drawing hishouse.1741. Fabio Sticotti a famous Pantalonedied in Rue Framboise in December.1750. The Caf6 Allemand kept by MadameBourette is in the Rue Croix-des-Petits-Champs. It was the meetingplace of men of letters in 1750.1757. Marivaux the dramatist goes tolive in the Rue Richelieu at the ap- partment of his friend the old maidMile de Saint-Jean : he died here in1763.1762. Carlo Goldoni lived in 1762 nearthe ltalienne, in 1763 RueMauconseil, and Rue de Richelieu. In1793 at No. 1. Rue Pav6e St Sauveur.Plate 29.1740. Sophie Arnould born in Rue Louisle Grand parish of St Roch. (Seealso Plate 36).1740-1749 ? Voltaire lives in Rue desClos. Gorgeau.In the 18th century the Rue des PetitsChamps was the street of the wig- makers.1751 (circa) the younger of Les Demoi- selles Verrieres goes to a house inRue Pelican.1756. Mile Montansier lives in Rue St.Thomas du Louvre.1771. Sophie Arnould is living at RueNeuve-des-Petits Champs near thePlace Vendome.Plate 30.1774. Mile. Clairon lives here Hotel deValbille ; precisely where the streetbends and on the lower side.Plate S7-1755 (circa) the Demoiselles Verri&amp;reslive at 24 Rue de la Ville-PEvesque(here called l'Eveque). In this housethey had a theatre, 'tres-jolie " inWhich were 7 4loges en baldaquins',and 4loges grilles ' for those ladieswho wished to see unseen. A M.d'Epicay supplied the means for thisaffair, and it was all very sumptuous.1780-93. Mile. Contant is living at MaisonDemonvilie in Rue d'Anjoy.1773. The Demoiselles Verrieres are liv- ing in Rue Vert, today Rue Pen- thievre. PARISH OF SAINT SAUVEUR. The Parish where the Actors of the 17th18th centuries like best to livewas that of Saint Sauveur.1688. Tiberio Fiorilli and his second wifelived in Cul de Sac des Deux-Porteslooking on to the church of SaintSauveur. dying later iu another housein Rue Tiquetoune.1690. Raymond Poisson the famous Cris- pin lived in the Rue St. Denis anddied there May 10. 1724. Stefano Balletti was born in RueTirebondim May 14.1729. Francesco Visentini died in Ruedu Renard 20 April.1731. C. Y. Romagnesi died 9th of Marchin Rue Tirebondin.1753. The famous Riccoboni died in RueFrangoise, December 6th. The fa- vourite streets of the Italian actorsin this quarter between 1760 and 1771were Rue du Petit-Lion, Rue Com- tesse d'Artois, Rue Pavee, Rue Beau- repaire, the Rue Mauconseil and theRue St Sauveur.1771. A very celebrated actress, ElenaVirginia Balletti, died in Rue Saint-Sauveur in 1771. She was the widowof Luigi Riccoboni and, like nearlyall the Italian actors who died inParis in the 18th century, she wasburied in the vaults of the chapel ofthe Virgin at Saint-Sauveur.She was the great Flamiuia of 1716and spoke Latin, Greek, French,Italian, Spanish, was a member ofseveral Academies, wrote comediesand was naturalized a Frenchwomanwith Riccoboni and their son in 1723.When in 1787 the church of SaintSauveur was destroyed and publicbaths put in its place this littletheatrical centre disappeared. MADEMOISELLE RABON. 1679-1739. Louis-Auguste-Achille-de Har- lay-C6ly Comte de C6ly. B. Feb. 4.1679. 1). 1739, was Born in Hotelde Harlay, Rue de Harlay (See Plates10 &amp; 18) (today Rue des Arque- busiers).He took as mistress Mile. Du Ro&lt; her, anactress of l'Opera, and goes to livein aHotelßuePortefoin,(seePlate 12).In 1729 takes Ml e Rabon, danseuse al'Opera, as his mistress, keeping heruntil 1737. She is 15 years old, heis 50. She had entered the Ballet Ofthe Opera Comique at 12 years old.One of the 44 plus jolies femmes deParis " writes Meusnier her biogra- pher. 4 Large and well made " but4 4 extremement s&amp;che ".She is installed in Rue Cours-laReine (see PI tes 39 &amp; 40).In 1737 Mile Rabon passes from Harlayto Prince de Carignan. Rabon pro- mising 011 the 44 foi d'honnete fille "to remain always faithful to her newmaster.The Prince de Carignan after in- numerable annoyances from Rabon,her mother, M. de Jouzac a newflame of Rabon's, and Leclerc herfirst flame, sends her back to hermother leaving his gifts with her.1738. Later he took a little house for her44 au f&lt;nd du Marais ", Rue du Fi- gueur St Paul, near Hotel de Senc(see Plate 12) where she plays therole of a lady of quality, while herlate lover, de Harlay, Intendant ofParis, jealous of her, plays detective.In December of 1739, as this planis just published, De Harlay dies,Prince de Carignan dying two yearslater on April 4th or sth, accordingto which historian you prefer.Mile. Rabon lives on, going todwell at Butte S'aint-Rocli des Mou- lins (see Plate 29); where she marriesthe danseur Pirrot, losing her dia- monds. 4&lt; Ce que vient par la flftteretourne par le tambour " says Pauld'Estr£e : - what is lost upon theroundabouts is gained upon the swings.This is the life in brief of most ofthe filles d'Opera of the 18th century. Continued on page 142. Continued on page 142, Continued on page 142, Continued on page 142, Continued on page 142, Continued on page 1421 Continued on page 142. Continued on page 14.2. CORRESPONDENCE. UNIVERSITY AND DRAMA C. G. Smith. To the Editor of The Mask.Sir:IN your last number you published an article on Universitiesand the Drama by Professor Allardyce Nicoll, whichcalls attention to an interesting question : How much stagebetters a place of learning ? For my part this is what I think,A little drama is no dangerous thing for any Univer- sity to harbour. Too much drama and theatricals seemto me out of place there. An example of what I meanhas been recently before us. The journals of Americawere lately ringing with the wonderful news that 11 Yalegets 1,000,000 dollars gift to build theatre": 41 ProfessorBaker resigns from Harvard ". " Professor Baker joins YaleThe facts are these. Professor Baker, an able man,has for twenty years been a teacher at Harvard Univer- sity. His " workshop 47 " became famous. He had thewit to absorb many of the heady ideas of the New Move- ment and to pass these on diluted to his pupils. Hisso-called M workshop" thrived as have thrived all whoabsorbed and practised or taught these new ideas. Thata University is not primarily a place to train young gen- tlemen in the crafts of the stage did not occur to Harvarduntil too late. When it began to perceive this it beganto make it difficult for Professor Baker. He was thwartedon all sides. He was not allowed to swamp the Uni- versity with the Theatricals as he naturally wished to do.It is in the nature of Theatricals to innundate when itcan, and so Harvard's officials dammed the Theatricals onthe supposition that it is better to be late than never.Yale then came in for a one million dollar gift to urgeforward what Harvard had come to learn was best tocurb. Now l[what is the truth of all this ? I will notbeat about the bush but will come to the point. Theatricalsnot Drama. Theatricals are not strictly a fine art.Neither do they offer men of intellect (for whom Univer- sities are supposedly founded) anything to which they canapply their brains. Theatricals, as at present understood,are an easy sort of refined slap-stickery. Very much thebest thing in them is go-as-you-please, though to do thatto the extent of improvising a good play is not easy.Now to teach that one would suppose very thoroughactors were required. Yet we see that professors attemptit. Not even artists of the Theatre are called in;—thesethe Professor proposes to turn out. If you could turn out,fabricate, artists of the Theatre by the dozen as assuredlyyou can turn out educated men—men who will later onbecome doctors, engineers, barristers, historians, architectsand musicians, all would be much happier. But it is a miserable fact that at present there are no worth-whilelaws of Theatricals, and so strictly speaking no one canbe taught since there is nothing to teach.The laws of Architecture have all been clearly stated,written down and printed;—they may not make a geniusbut they certainly must be studied for a course of yearsby any one who proposes becoming an architect. Thelaws of Music are in existence, and after years of studyingthese from books and in practice a man can come tocompose sound. Whether it be music and great music orfine music is another matter.Not so have laws been written down for theatricals,and so it seems we are far from the point when it canbecome a serious study. It is still essentially an improvisedthing. A pretty weed but a weed. And to developethis, to let it grow and spread to any great extent in auniversity is, 1 consider, an error. It's hearty enough, thisstrange plant, this wild herb which (bless its heart) is forever springing where it is not wanted, yet which many ahuman being in extremity has known how to apply to hisbruised head or heel. And being what it is, and such ahearty wild thing, surely it needs no university training.Even like a breath of fresh air, a little of it can do noharm now and again in a place which has uncharitablybeen held to be a bit stuffy. But to allow it to growapace to the tune of 1,000,000 dollars inside the templesof learning—surely this is over-doing it for the universitiesand under-cooking it for the public.Suppose that in time these old Theatricals develope toa finer condition : suppose that they are able to formulatesome simple but well founded laws. That would besurely the day on which the honour of a place in theuniversities would be fitting. At present all is premature.It is not a good enough precedent. I see the dayshortly coming when boat-racing will be no longer a sportbut will have a new College built for the study of it inOxford, Yale and Cambridge ; and a while later on, thepretty game, having become an art or a science, will beplayed on a table; rivers will no longer be necessary to it.No, Sir, if I may for a moment be dogmatic,—keepyour Theatricals to your Theatres: let the Theatre be a littleworld by itself. We like it best that way—it thrives best so.And if you want to be advancing your theatricals, ifyou aim to bring them into the condition of a fine art,if you must do this, do it off your own bats ... and withyour own team.If millionaires, like the good Edward S. Harkness ofAmerica, have other millions to spare let them give themto the great artists and they will know how to portion thefunds out to those clever and energetic men and women tobe found in the world of the Theatre in as great numbersas clever and energetic men and women are to be foundin colleges and universities. But don't give your millions to killthese people;—and to give it to Universities is, alas, to do that.Faithfully yours, London. MOVING WITH THE TIMES Amos B. Cottle. To the Editor of The Mask•Sir:ANOTHER " Old Vic" ? why not ?Why not a dozen ?—London is big enough for adozen; they would mean employment for about 1200people who, without knowing exactly what it is they want,do not want to be tossed from theatre to theatre. They would be homes for the actor and actress who believe abit in playing with the same fellows, in the same playhouse,and for a regular fee, and to more or less the same spec- tators. Such theatres with such companies would bring of respectable brightness into the neighbourhood in whichthey were established. Many shy citizens of Shepherd'sBush, of Highgate and of Kensall Green would emergefrom their parlours, and, taking a fly, would be depositedat the festive portals of the local Old Vic, assured of aseemly welcome; a clean and comfortable seat reservedfor them in advance; nothing disorderly or in any wayunpleasant while in the building, and a guarantee of safetyfrom fire, pickpockets and the other nuisances too often,alas, associated with what we may, I think, call the moreworldly theatres,Old Vic theatres, if all presided over by Miss Baylis,would be sure to be run on perfectly safe and soundlines. Those Londoners who remember the old tea shopsof the past will recall that, as often as not, we had to takeour cup of tea in the bar parlour of the public house,or in some such place where indeed we might at anymoment come into touch with all sorts of strange cha- racters. Then came the A. B. C. which provided its tearooms, ... clean airy pleasant places, if rather lacking in whatis called character. Rogues and vagabonds of the Paris kindwere of course not allowed entry. The old London typeswere excluded, and these Old Vic tea rooms were animmense success. Plain teas for plain people.Run on the same lines the Old Vic playhouses couldbe just as successful; for this is just the kind of playhousethat suits London ; or rather I should say caters well fora certain number of Londoners. And cater is the rightword. Cater: to purvey food ; to provide amusement etc.says the Oxford Dictionary. And how important it isthat our food should be clean and healthy and that thereshould be no speculating with it. How equally importantthat our amusements should be like our food.Some there are who will say that to treat Londonerslike children, to cosset them,— don't eat this, don't eatthat,—and to wrap them up in the whitest of wool whentransporting them to the theatre and back home again, isto make fools of the Londoners. But then there willalways be people who believe that the world as it is isthe best school, and that the bumps and pains, the un- pleasant experiences, are the best tutors.For my part I welcome this second " Old VicAbranch might be established in Paris later on. Mr BenGreet recently shepherded a flock of astounding Shakespeareanplayers to Paris.At the moment" said Miss Lilian Baylis to a re- porter recently, " at the moment there, is not quite a bigenough Shakespearean public to permit of a show runningthrough a third week and still show a profit at the box office ".This is the experience of Miss Baylis who has formany years now been managing a Theatre in Londondevoted mainly to the production of Shakespeare's plays.One must be sympathetic and understand that MissBaylis does not say that there is not in England (or evenLondon) a public large enough to cram a big theatrewhere Shakespeare is presented in a surprising manner;what she modestly means us to understand is that for herway of presenting Shakespeare there is but a small public.And that she will not change her way of doing it all, is oursincere hope. She tries quite often to introduce, with theutmost tact, little touches which lend the whole performanceof a play a certain up-to-date air. Originality she wisely bansor avoids... and in so doing, proves her judgment to be sound. Neither jdoes she squander funds. Economy, that thing whichthe Russians boast as unknown to them, is understoodperfectly by Miss Baylis. No waste of energy, funds orgenius, shall be allowed to risk the life of her establishment.How sensible this is. The more I think of her, themore it seems obvious to me that here is the one figurein London with the necessary requirements for managingthe National Theatre of England.The fact that she is a woman should not, today, makeany difference. Is not Lady Astor a member of Parliament ?Were Miss Baylis to become director of our first Na- tional Theatre it would confirm many a suspicion I havehad as to the future of England ; suspicions founded uponmany a hope, but also on many a conviction, that weare at last breaking free from the old tyranny which heldso many of our arts captive in what are called for someunknown reason " the good old days" of Sheridan, ofKean, of Siddons and Lord Byron.I regret to think that on the day that Miss Baylis be- comes director of the National Theatre of Great BritainMr William Archer will not be there to see much of his good work come to flower. THE AMATEUR E. G. C. Dear Semar:THERE are quite a few people who believe that Ama- teur actors can bring better times to the professionalstage. But how ? by becoming professional! then where'syour amateur actor ?I can understand, I believe, that the true amatored'arte, the lover of the arts, the true connoisseur, can finda new path, by-path, lane, ... reduce its size and impor- tance how you will.*., leading to some unknown littleplateau higher up the mountain at whose base the TheatricalProfession loves to dwell with its expert professionalguides who now and again do climb to some purpose.But this true connoisseur, this amatore d'arte, verynearly always loses faith in his own small by-path: bemakes the mistake of mistakes ; he is bitten with the de- sire to show off; so he goes down to the foot of themountain and mingles with the professionals and finallyadopts their road, their well-known and too well wornroad round and round its base. He then settles downcontent to climb no more.Something of this was in the mind of Voltaire when,on that memorable first meeting with the young amateuractor Le Kain in 1750 he said, as he dismissed this be- ginner of twenty-one years : " Adieu, mon enfant; c'estmoi qui vous predis que vous aurez la voix que vous ferez un jour tous les plaisirs de Paris ; maispour Dieu, ne montez jamais sur un theatre public (1).Le Kain did exactly as Voltaire warned him not todo, with the result that, though he made an immensedisplay of his powers and became famous, he desertedthe interesting, and I believe promising, if risky, by-pathwhich he had discovered, and on which he had set outand found something unique, and so he discovered nomore. He repeated ; he went round and round the moun- tain base faster than any other actor. To show that par- ticular power a flat plain would have been even bettersuited. Why trouble to discover a difficult thing to climbif when you get there you are going to decline theinvitation ? Yours sincerely, Genova. (i) Le Kain. Memoirs. BOOK REVIEWS. DENKMALER DES THE A TERS.MONUMENTA SCENICA. TheArt of the Theatre. Stage Settings,Decorations, Theatrical Costumes, Pa- geants of all times and countries:From the Originals in the 44 Thea- trical Collection " of the Vienna Na- tional Library, the Albertina and otherVienna Collections.Price £ 8-8-0 per Volume.Volume I by L. O. Burnacini(1636-1797), Theatrical Engineerto Emperor Leopold I, £ 8-8-0. E. G. C. MONUMENTA SCENICA is amonument indeed. At presentI have seen only the first stone, butit is colossal. I reserve till the nextnumber of 44 The Mask " my reviewof it together with volume or stoneNo. 2, which promises to be readyshortly.In all there will be twelve volumes,and Mr E. P. Goldschmidt of 45Old Bond Street is the English re- presentative of the Viennese Gesells- chaft zur Herausgabe der Denkmalerdes Theaters.I was very glad to read the tributesto this work from Professor Max Rein- hardt and Dr Richard Strauss.In the first three volumes are thesecontents:—Volume I gives a selection of twentycostume-designs by L. O. Burnacini(1636-1707) Theatrical Engineer toEmperor Leopold I, painted in minia- ture, from a volume containing 160drawings of various costumes and fancy- dress for the Imperial Theatre, herereproduced in colours, gold and silver.These designs by Burnacini are someof the most splendid examples of Ba- roque-costume from the Wien Na- tional Library.Volume 11. contains Stage Architec- ture and Architectural Phantasies, some22 designs reproduced from waterco- lours, drawings and engravings of theseventeenth, eighteenth and nineteenthcenturies. And Volume 111 shows usthe Garden-Theatre in England, Franceand Spain, in the sixteenth and seven- teenth centuries, when the tendencywas to turn the garden into a theatre,either for actual performances or in thesense of making the garden itself ap- pear as an ideal theatre. And this isdemonstrated by views and prints ofthe period, notably a unique waterco- lour of an English seventeenth centurygarden in the Wien Collection, en- gravings of the Buen-Ritiro-gardens andother delights.All these wonders come from theWien National Library and are gi- ven to us for the first time. No onewho has a Theatrical Library of anyimportance can omit to add to itsuch an item, expensive though it be.I am told the price is rising, so nowis the most favourable moment to makearrangements with the publishers forsupplying it. I already see the volumesin my mind's eye in the collectionsof Mr Massey of Toronto, the BritishDrama League, and Sir JohnstoneForbes Robertson, ever so sympatheticto al! that is scenical. WIENER SZENISCHE KUNST.Die Theater decoration der letztendrei Jahrhundert nach stilprinzipiendargestellt. 60 plates and 8 designsin the text. by Dr Joseph Gregor.Wiener drudge. Wien. DR Gregor is the only man whocan tell us what we want tolearn about the theatre decors of thelast three hundred years as revealedin Wien because he is in Wien andhas at his command all the manuscriptsand books of the National Library.But it is one thing to arrive at soenviable a position; it is another toremember the Theatre when you getthere.To jog the elbow of anyone in theBritish Museum is a thing not to bedreamed of—but one sometimes imagines(for what reason I know not) that thePlayhouse and play acting are thingsso dear to humanity all the world overthat no one will forget to keep ourpublic well supplied with all thebooks it needs—and it needs all itcan get from the store-houses, the mu- seums and big public libraries, andwritten by their guardians.This book by Dr Gregor is a histo- rical work of importance which he il- lustrates by reproductions of the trea- sures which he guards so well at theNational Library in Wien : or Viennaas the strangers so strangely call it.I suppose that some day Londreswill make a real effort ... and then. You must get this book at once tosee for yourself how good it is:—l amnot going to make extracts nor revealmy ignorance by passing any opinion onthe work: for there are so many peoplelurking behind the bush, and the lesswe talk about what counts the betterjust now. Big things are about tohappen in the Theatrical world beforevery long, and I think that they arenot going to happen in England al- though Englishmen may help bringthem about.London continues to reveal evermore and more ignorance about Thea- trical matters.Mr Bernard Shaw's plays have theirfirst hearing in a small theatre in Bir- mingham. Mrs Patrick Campbell hasto stay in the provinces; Mr FredTerry also. These three facts aloneproclaim something of the ineptitude inLondon regarding Theatricals.And I leave you to make a list ofthose who have represented Englandin the new movement (a movementwhich is before long to come to some- thing worth while) and to ask your- selves what London has done to securethe services of these men.What does London do ? At mostit allows an 44 Old Vic "to exist; itthen urges a second 44 Old Vic" toexist; and while these two funny old- fashioned nothings are put up to scareaway the crows, the Phoenix Society,the Stage ditto, Pioneer ditto, threehundred ditto—and some ten or twelvemore little societies are all encouragedto get in each other's way.Let someone who knows what hewants appear and all the little socie- ties will wonder what is wrong withtheir gallant six hundred that theydon't ride back again.Well, Mr Ben Greet has been toParis so that's all right. Mr GordonCraig is not exhibiting any designs ormodels in the Paris Exhibition so thattoo is all right. And now let us waitfor the rain. SIMS REEVES by Charles E.Pearce.Stanley Paul. 16/—net.THE NEW WORLD OF THETHEATRE 1923-1924 by J. T.Grein. Hopkinson &amp; Co. 15/—net. THIS Sims Reeves is that singer towhom Berlioz, one of the royalline, gave the title of " the divineTenor". This was in 1848.Mr Chorley, the critic of the "Athe- neum ", on the other hand said that" the shake (indispensable to a Hand- elian grace) was missing" and that 14 it must be forthcoming if Mr Reevesintends to become our great oratoriosinger This also in 1848. It isin away the sort of thing Mr Grein,the author of 44 The New World ofthe Theatre " would write.Says Mr Pearce in his very enter- taining and well-done book, 44 MrChorley had at that period not shakenoff his pedantry ". He is as criticalof Handel as Shaw, when critic once,was of Shakespeare; calls the Judasoratorio 44 strangely patchy", 44 notone first class song in it "; considers44 See the conquering hero" one ofHandel's after-thoughts. This Chorleyasserts that Reeves employed falsetto.Oh, Choi ley is typical of that poorcritic terrified of his London ; that isa nasty word to fling at a fine tenorand Chorley flings itf ...and quicklyturns to pretend to be looking acrossthe road at something else.Again he tells London that onMarch 21 st Mr Reeves's methods ofproducing his tone and phrasing standin need of refinement and restraint.44 Chorleysays Mr Pearce, 44 wasprejudiced against Verdi, Schumannand Wagner ".Now were we to say that Mr Greinis prejudiced against some of the bestmen in the modern theatre—whatwould it amount to ? This: that he is%Jtrue critic.... another Chorley.you be prejudiced for andwhat use in the critical faculty?And what great use in criticism anyhow ?I fear very little.Yet Mr Grein brings out his bookas though it mattered a great deal.The truth is that critics, often beingwriters, (as was Chorley, as is MrGrein), take themselves a trifle tooseriously.Writing privately to Reeves theseriousness comes out.441 knowsays Chorley, 44 how44 disagreeable I must be sometimes, too44 thoroughly well, not to feel a very44 great pleasure in the cases where I44 know I am not misunderstood and44 not thought to be disagreeable out44 of a wicked disposition ".Thus Chorley in private ....devilishserious : he has to be 44 disagreeable " infront of his vast public of readers ...hehas to put on the critic. The salarydemands it ! the snobs expect it. Poorcritic; and this is all the work of thestupid part of a city: for were the wittypart to have its influence on a critic hecould but be ninety-nine per cent morehuman and make fun of himself whenhe feels he must be 44 disagreeable ".How entertaining Mr Pearce can bein his books. Everyone must know his 44 The Amazing Duchess 44 PollyPeachum ", and 44 Madame Vestris ";all three issued by Stanley Paul. Ifanyone reading this doesn't, let him getcopies ; they bristle with enjoyable pages.And of course Mr Grein, in his44 New World of the Theatre", hasdozens of enjoyable pages; but he isnot any happier than Chorley as acritic. He takes himself rather less se- riously, which is very much to be ableto say, but he takes his readers far lessseriously. He too often wastes our timeflattering the wrong people, and heseems not to be very well informedas to who's who in the 44 New Worldof the Theatre ".When not saying that he 44 canhark back well nigh half a century "to the time of Fanny Ellsler and Ta- glioni, he harks back to about 1900,and that's a quarter of a century; yethe calls his book 44 The New Worldof the Theatre ".When he does praise a modernplaywright or performer, he too oftenpicks out one of those who should notbe praised. He writes well of Bern- hardt, yet compares her to 44 her onlycontemporary peers .... Eleonora Duseand Clara Ziegler. " Mine the italics.Ristori, he says, compared with SarahBernhardt was of 44 the second plane ".As is only natural he is a firm ad- mirer of many a German performer,producer and writer: and in this heshows that when he likes he canwithstand the temptation to write whathis London public will like.Many a useful fact is recorded inhis book, and only now and again ishe incorrect; as, for example, whenhe refers to 44 the large means" putat the command of the late HerbertTrench when Lord Howard de Waldenand some others started the poet-dra- matist on his career at the HaymarketTheatre.He is firm about the necessity forsupporting home talent.On the day when he enjoyed 44 arare feast of art and education" hesays 44 all the numbers were devotedto our home-grown masters : Purcell,Quilter, Elgar, Sullivan, O'Neil, Co- wen, Germain". I don't like thatword 44 our". I once knew an En- glishman who for twenty years hadlived on and off in France. He wrotefor a journal. Mr Grein has lived atleast twenty years, on and off, in Eng- land, and writes for journals. Myfriend wrote of the Theatre ; but neveronce, (he told me this) was he sotactless as to speak of 44 our country ",44 our actors ", for, said he, 44 I am aguest in all countries but my own and I like to make a point of never for- getting this ".Mr Grein is a guest in England,whether he has become naturalized ornot, and it would become him to re- member it.His book is excellently printed andnicely bound* THE RETROSPECT OF FRAN- COIS VILLON by George Heyer.Oxford University Press. 4/6 net. TRANSLATION must be an art—itseems so easy and is, I suppose,abominably difficult.This translation has its originalFrench version printed side by side;and, knowing so few of the difficulties,I will ask why, in the 44 Ballade desDames du Temps Jadis" and 44 desSeigneurs " too, does our translatorM. Heyer miss that word 44 mais"which returns eight times in those lines,44 Mais ou sont les neiges d' autan "and 44 mais ou est le preux Charle- maigne ". Was Villon quite indifferentabout his placing of words when hewrote after a list of names,44 Ou sont ilz, Vierge souveraine ?Mais ou sont les neiges d'autan ?Does everyone write French likeVillon—has everyone the same con- tempt for pretty phrases ? It was doubt- less a disadvantage to him whenliving, this same ability to speak senseneither wittily nor lugubriously, but asit was intended to be spoken :—for towhat other purpose did the Gods givemankind speech ?How grave, how indifferent he isabout life; ...and how else did theGods intend man to look at this giftof theirs. And, if mankind found ithelped at all to destroy this wise beinggifted with the tongue of a man if notan angel, the Gods doubtless took himto them with a welcome and a 44 notso bad a guess, not so bad "•We get at something of this whenreading the French and popping acrossto see if the English helps : getting whatwe want—the hand at the stirrup, andthen back to the French. Quite atreat. And all for four and sixpence.How some authors roll in riches andhow some starve: how odd this is.G.B.S. Barrie, Villon. Four andsixpence! YANG KUEI-FEI. The most fa- mous beauty of China, by Mrs WuLein Ten, Brentano. London. 8/6. THIS is what we are told 44 Yang Kuei-Fei was the favou- rite of one of the greatest Emperors of the Tang Dynasty, and for twentyyears she was the power behind thethrone Which sounds impressiveand amounts to just a row of pins.For I have read the book and perceivethat she was merely the nuisancebehind the times.The times may perhaps some dayget on: at present owing to the se- veral escaped Yang Kuei-Feis andtheir increasing importance, the timesseem to be delaying a bit.This i 4 Chinese Cleopatra" as sheis called, appeals to Mrs Wu LienTen, who wishes to show that in mostmatters of importance, it is best toentrust women with practically nothingto do, to keep them from meddling,from becoming celebrated for meddling,even though it be to the unfortunateloss of a few fine poems such as LiPo's 44 The everlasting wrong" andShakespeare's 44Antony and Cleopatra ".But am I too hasty &gt; What else ofShakespeare's should we lose ? Notthe plays with Imogen, with Portia,with Beatrice and with Rosalind.Ah ...so it is possible for a poet tosing like a God or to frisk like aPixie without having as model a prettylady egoistically made for mischief.Let us see what we should lose.Not the Tempest, nor MidsummerNight's Dream, nor the Merry Wivesof Windsor; (Really, as 1 set out topen these lines I was assailed by fearslest Shakespeare would impeach me,—would bear false witness; would denythe sun, the moon and the.stars. Iwill go on).We should not lose those sevenmasterpieces which breathe out for usthe credo of humanity: or TwelfthNight, the Winter's Tale, Henry Vth,Romeo and Juliet, King Lear.... Weshould have to lose some, for some ofthese other plays assuredly sound likegroans and cries of frantic persons.Strange that this—something chaotic—should be the most that these womencan inspire ; for they are often womengreatly blessed, gifted and beautiful,full of loveliest qualities, ...and with itall a preposterous little ego—so little—gifted with a little vision yet 44 inspir- ed " ; a little brain, yet 44 very intel- ligent "; and so little sense of theridiculous that they fail to observe thateven when a great poem is writtenaround their little tragedy it ends byraising laughter.This is where I arrive on readingthe life story of this famous Yang-Kuei-Fei, first imperial concubine to theEmperor Ming Huang (circa 720 A.D.)Not at all a charming story—not aheroic one— not particularly entertaining; which contains nothing to surprise, to en- chant, or move us to pity or to bid ustremble. Yet Mr H. A. Giles in his briefForeword speaks of her 44 moving story ",of her 44 triumphs " and her 44 tragedy".Had she come even near to somethingfaintly promising triumph, had she beena figure truly tragic, we could laughand thrill with her exultation andgrieve at her death. That we do not,and that we forget her in a few hours,renders the whole history set forth withsuch pomp and circumstance not alittle ridiculous.For more tragic figures and moretriumphant ones too are to be met within the poor annals of the Europeanstage. Of poor little forgotten actressesand dancers, singers and chorus girls,lovelier histories could be written thanof this Imperial comedienne celebratedby her own countrymen as 44 the mostartful" beauty of China, 44 very fondof the wine cup", with notions ofmurder too, and, withal, an infernalnuisance.And out of this character the dra- matists of China have made a figurewhich we are told every Chineseactress is ambitious to personate.Mrs Wu Lein Ten has written usthe story with considerable skill andBrentanos have printed it well on finepaper, illustrated it sufficiently andbound it excellently; the price is notat all high; the type used is a largeone, and the book will serve its pur- pose in showing that, if ambition eversuits a woman, it should only be reservedfor those who are actresses and can putit off with their rouge and powderwhen they go home to their nice littlesupper with the family in Chelsea orClichy. THE CONSTANT NYMPH.Margaret Kennedy. Heinemann. 7j6. 44 A LL London is talking of it ". AllJLTJL London would. When shall weread on a - Publisher's list that allLondon is thinking of a book ? Thatwould be a good day indeed.And were but one whole street ofLondon to think about this charmingwork 1 do not believe that even MissKennedy would mind—which maysuggest to you that she lives in thatstreet; but she doesn't; she is theauthoress and she lives down in ourAlley.All London is talking of this bookabout a Nymph because it's well done ;and secondly because it is actually doneby some one in England.It is vivid, real; the personsges in the book really speak naturally, thoughnow and again one hears something ofa far-off voice from a strange anddear old house in Croisset.But take the book out of London- avoiding superficial Paris and NewYork: wander with it up here or downthere, and, while no one in his sensescould deny the authoress a genuinesalute, everyone will wonder what itis that London finds to talk about, toobject to, or to champion.Not the way it is written, to beginwith: no one can object to that.Certainly not its theme.... Its successpossibly ? yes, that is what mightastound London—it must marvel atHeinemann and Co for publishing withsuccess so excellently told a tale. Butthen did it marvel at Mr Heinemannbefore he became a Company for pub- lishing 44 Zuleika Dobson ", the besttale in the English Language after Ro- binson Crusoe, and far better written.Is it because Miss Kennedy's con- servative family, as the 44 New YorkEvening Post" puts it, feel outragedthat she should have written 44 such abook" ? Do you think it's that ? Ialmost believe that is the reason whyour great old London is talking aboutit. Still, after all what does it matterprovided Mr Gosse speaks well of it. OXFORD BOOKS ON THEFINE ARTS. Clarendon Press.Oxford. AS handsome a Catalogue as it ispossible to produce, with exqui- site illustrations. The half tones aresuperb and strengthen our belief thatit is still far and away the best pro- cess in the world by which to to repro- duce anything with exactness. MAGAZINES. THE CALENDAR Of ModemLetters. 1 Featherstone Buildings,High Holborn, London. /16 monthly. 44 HTHE Calendar " quite convincesA me of one thing. This:—thatunless a novelist be of an overwhelmingpersonality, a Dumas or a Dostoevsky,it is better to go immediately to schoolwith Flaubert, An ability to writeout your own personal experiences,to blab of persons you have casuallymet, half known and not troubledto know further, seems to me to beinsufficient to deserve the title of no- velist. The first numher of 44 The Calen- dar " is most interesting and lively,entertaining and carefully done ; and Ihope it will go on. I see noreason why it should not, except thatit lays down no programme. It statesthis quite clearly. This may be all tothe good—to the good long life be- fore it; but a programme has its uses.44 The Calendar" means, I suppose,that it wants to grow, and as it growswill leave on-lookers to guess what itis growing into, what for, and whereit will toddle when two years old andwhere stray when six. But can anyjournal ever be considered as quite soyoung as that ? and 44 The Calendar "is awful wise for its age.Can a journal with young men ofthirty-eight and forty as its standbys,be allowed to slip into the Arenawithout a ticket, without any statementof where it is going—and why itcomes in ?This first number contains the firstpart of a novel by D. H. Lawrencecalled 44 The Princess " ; three poemsby Robert Graves; an essay on Poe'sAnalysis of Inspiration by DouglasGarman : a scrutiny of Barrie by Rick- word ; nine pages about Dostoevskyand Pauline Souslow ; one of A. E.Coppard's short stories : a bit by Sieg- fried Sassoon: Comments and Reviews:one review being by Bertrand Russell:another by W. G. Turner: whileHuxley, Wyndham Lewis and DesmondMacCarthy are to figure later in theprogramme, at present, not declared.I do not know if the Literary worldcan be likened to the Theatrical world,but it seems to me that it must cost abit to bring out a Literary Magazine.It costs a bit to run ten Theatres,Suppose one magazine and one theatre,of what we will call the advanced andmore independent kind, each costs£5OO per year; and there are, I sup- pose, some six to twenty such literarymagazines in England, There must betwelve anyhow. There are I supposea like number of Theatres comparablewith these Literary Magazines. Advan- ced they are called; let us rather callthem good.Well, if there be twelve good ma- gazines, why ? Why not two ? Whydo not these men who have the energyto bring them out and pay for themcombine ? Why twelve good littletheatres and theatre groups ? why notcombine and create two ?Looking at 44 The Calendar " Ithought of how good it was: thoughtof the 44 Adelphi ", of the 44 Mercury ",of the44 Chapbook of the rest. Whynot combine? why this watertight com- partment business? And the twelvetheatres ? Bah THE DIAL : Monthly. $ 5. a year./52 West 13th St, New York- SEEING on the Contents List of arecent number of 44 The Dial "the announcement that I should findinside a gouache by Pablo Picasso onthe subject 4 King Lear *, 1 was asexcited as I should be were I seatedin a theatre awaiting the rise of thecurtain on a performance of a play byIrving.King Lear means King Lear, but to Pablo something less. In factnothing at all like King Lear. Whyshould 1 be made to recognize KingLear and his Fool in the 44 Dial "reproduction of a gouache by Pi- casso ? It represents a young man in abeard dressed in a tight-fitting crushed- strawberry coloured affair, seated, witha hand-organ in his lap, and at hisside by his feet sits a bit of a boy ofsome four to five years old dressed ina harlequin's suit, very neat and tidy,with a little frill of lace at the neck.Not King Lear and not his Fool.Why then call it King Lear ? Whynot call it Mr Barnum or Mrs Besant?Why not call it King Lear—exactly forthe reason that 4 The Dial ' is notcalled 44 The Cat" or 44 I he Mpnk" :Since any name wont do, this Lear(which I take it was never delibera- tely made to represent Lear) couldquite as easily have been labelled 44 Ata fair ", or 44 two figures ", or even4&lt; Goodbye my fancy ".The two woodcuts by Lucien Jac- ques seem to me to be uncommon!/poor. I have always felt that I coulddo that (if that's all that a woodcutmeans) very easily : so easily, that 1think at any rate it would be the firstphase of woodcutting and one I wouldI hope soon pass through get overand done with before exhibiting before offering for sale.To get a good woodcut I have toturn to the advertisements, and thereI find a tiny one by Masereel.But 44 The Dial " is not to be spo- ken ill of because a title is wrong andtwo woodcuts are dull. Not evenwill its dramatic Criticism make mefind fault. For 44 The Dial " is sooften full of very interesting things,and is so wellprinted, and makes forgood all round.Its Notes on the Theatre shouldperhaps be written by some one ableto find out something worth praising.Mr Seldes writes his bit nicely, but seems too bored by Theatricals totake pains to find some of the ge- nuine kind : and I'm sure if he look- ed somewhere out of New York he'dfind them. THE LITERARY DIGEST. 354-360 Fifth Avenue. New York• THIS journal is alway a delight.Whether it appeared earlier than44 Current Opinion " and the 44 Re- view of Reviews " I don't know.The three are all alike in their abi- lity to entertain. They are the threeVariety Shows of our English speak- ing Literary and Political world.The 44 Literary Digest " and 44 Re- view of Reviews " 1 like best, for Isee them regularly and that speaks foritself. I can't quite take to a journalI don't see. Why hide journalsbehind the hills ? It's the fault I findwith 44 The Mask ", a journal whichmight well be rechristened 44 TheViolet ".But 44 The Literary Digest " is mostamazingly well edited, ....done as wellas the London Coliseum is managed.Mr. King and Sir Oswald Stoll have thesame genius for doing a thing just aswell as it is possible to do it. THE BERMONDSEY BOOK.2s. Monthly. Heinemann. London&lt; THE BERMONDSEY BOOK ISnow in its second volume, and,beginning with its June number (Vol. 11,No. 3), is being published by Messrs.Heinemann.This last number contains a cartoon,44 The Boy ", by Max Beerbohm, anarticle by Yoi Maraini on EmilioCecchi, that Italian writer who has sooften served, both by his essays andtranslations, as a 44 link between Englishliterature and the Italian public ": acontribution by 44 Bonaventura " on thethird Biennial Exhibition in Roma,making special reference to the woodengravings of Mr. Gordon Craig; andother interesting items. EDITORIAL NOTES. DRAMA NOT THEATRE. WHEN we read of Universities andColleges including the study ofthe Drama in their curriculum wefancy we can understand the drift ofthe idea. But when we read of thesesame seats of learning undertaking thepractice of the Theatre, we are puzzled.For we see no use whatever in anybut craftsmen becoming skilled in theTheatric game.Once upon a time many of thegreat colleges of Italy, of Spain andFrance, did have theatres built fortheir students. And on these stagesthe young gentlemen rounded off someof their sharp corners; their mannersbecame more elegant. This was avery good use to put the stage to—but none of these young gentlemenever took up the work of the Theatreafterwards. That again was right asrain. Young gentlemen should be pre- served for different tasks.The Theatres in the Collegio dei No- bili seem to have been three to four ;when one was found out of date anew one was put in. The Jesuits* pu- pil teachers I think enjoyed playing attheatres—and the heads of the Col- lege found it really was of use to thefinal turned-out article.... the younggentleman..., which the College turnedout finally.To walk easily, to know how tocarry the head and the hands, hownot to fidget or shuffle, how to beeasy and always ready with a touch ofBravura, this was what was taught andlearned on those college stages. Inthose days Princes and young lordshad to really look like what theywere, besides being what they were.And speech, exact and fine, was muchliked in noble lords, so speaking hadto be learnt, ... and how acquire thatbetter than by acting the part of Be- lesarius king of Ethiopia or CalerathmusPrince of Barrabara.The Academies always did whatcommon sense could do to preservethe fine Italian speech.But beyond deportment and the grace of speech there is surely hothingelse that can be taught to gentlemen ina college theatre?Nowadays even these two things doot seem to be taught.If anything, slouching and slurredf peech is looked on as properer. Gor- ki's n Nachazil n or Tolstoi's n Do- main of Darkness n or some otherpiece calling for an imitation of lowlife, that's the order of the day incolleges.—That, and a thorough trai- ning as a scene painter, stage manager,carpenter, property maker, costumier andso forth.We see no use whatever in teach- ing these things to young gentlemenin colleges.... and presumably nonebut young gentlemen of the uppercircles are sent to college.For if young Grande or young Non- such wish to capitulate and go in forthe crafts which we artists favour, theymust sink to the third class. Knowledgein these crafts they can acquire in spe- cializing studios. Even wig-making canbe learned in a wig-maker's shop. Sowe wonder what queer kink of the brainhas brought these College and Univer- sity Dramatic Theatric branches intoexistence, THEATRE BOOKS. IN establishing a Library of booksdealing with the Drama, the BritishDrama League follows in the footstepsof France, Germany, Italy, Japan andAmerica.There have been superb collectionsmade of Theatrical books by many aprivate owner. Amongst them Farrenc,Fillippi, Schatz, Rasi, Kanzler.In our British Museum and Victoriaand Albert Museum are Libraries inwhich are to be found valuable bookson the Theatre, but you have to lookfor them, know what you want,—andthen, by jove, read them. That's apoint,We shall be curious to see theprinted catalogue of the books of theBritish Drama League Library whichhas room for 8000 books.We may expect from now onwardsfor London dramatic critics to writewith rather more information concerningmany a thing than was formerly con- sidered necessary, for now they needonly consult these books.But a subject catalogue will bave tobe prepared before anyone can beexpected to find what he is lookingfor .... granted that he himself firstknows. THE POOR PLAYWRIGHT. IN these days when one reads tragicarticles entitled 44 the Dramatist indanger " or 44 The Playwright mena- ced ", articles in which the writerstremble for the future of these goodallies of the stage, it is comforting tohear of even a modest success achievedby any one of them.Mr Cosmo Hamilton is returningfrom America having won to just sucha success and made £ 50,000 (fiftythousand pounds) in a single seasonthere, five or six plays of his runningsimultaneously in New York City.We have not heard of any actoror producer who ever took quite somuch out of the playhouse in oneseason. The awful fate in store forPlaywrights seems to be to die of suc- cess and rather too much money.Mr G. B. Shaw cannot surely be apoor man: Sir J. M. Barrie we can- not consider as at ail hard up: andhere is Mr Hamilton coming in agood third, with £ 50,000 in one year.And to think that this is all theproducer's fault: the producer who hasdone so much to queer the playwrights'pitch and to enrich himself while doingit ....what ? INCORRECT. THE DAILY MAIL, our favou- rite daily journal because of itsunderstanding of Signor Mussolini'spersonality, and our delight on accountof the way its pages are set up, iscuriously open to making glaring errorsabout Theatrical matters. Not longago it wrote of Madame Eleonora Duseas " the great operatic singer **, andmore recently (in April) it wrote of44 Sumurun ** which was put on theParis stage as 44 under the direction ofthe late Max Reinhardt " ; and laterin the same column it refers to himas " the wizard of scenic and coloureffects who but recently passed away ".But such things are not delibe- rate.... only accidentally incorrect, andwe wish the 44 Mail " more and moresuccesses by the million, for it was almostalone in taking the right view of SignorMussolini straight away and has keptto that view.If the Duce were one of the poli- ticians we should not venture to sayanything. But this is no politician,and he has no " politics " : he is agreat man of common sense, and theonly one in Europe who has whatwe call vision and is in power. BRITISH OPERA. DOES the British National OperaCompany produce British Operasand none but British Operas ? If not,what on earth is it doing masqueradingunder such a title?There are numbers of BritishOperas available ; not only 44 TheBeggar's Opera ". There are all Purcell'sOperas; and has not Delius writtenoperas?... Sullivan, Mackenzie, HamishMacCunn too, and Balfe?We think it a pity for Englishmento serve under a flag bearing thesplendid words 44 British National Ope- ra " when the operas being sung bythem are by mostly German, Russian,French and Italian Composers. It'sflying false colours isn't it? for translationsof the words into English do not makethe music English.And we hear that Mr FrederickAustin joined the concern not long ago.A leaflet issued presumably bythe Company and purposing to be amagazine, and called 44 Opera and theBallet ", seems to be proud of thisBritish National Opera Company. Wemust say we are not as proud of it aswe would like to be.To sing foreign Operas, and inEnglish, is no particular annoyance toanyone, and they are often a pleasureto hear. But for any Company tolabel itself the 4 British National OperaCompany* in order to do that seemsto us a little unnecessary. o AN OMISSION. o MANY people have written to usasking why the Foreign Notefrom Monza in the last (April) num- ber of " The Mask " had as one ofits head lines " Birds and Animals "when there was not a word about ananimal or a bird in the whole column.The fact is our Correspondent postedus two sheets, one of which was some- how mislaid. It referred to thebirds and animals kept at the bigSchool of Art which is today housedin the Royal Palace at Monza builtby Piermarini in 1780, and has aspecial interest for English readers,It may be remembered by someof those who took an in interest inthe establishment of the School for theArt of the Theatre by Mr. GordonCraig in 1913, that one of the itemsincluded in his plan wa3 that of" birds and animals, and food forsame *\Some short-sighted critics asked" why birds, why animals ? "To cook and to eat them " they assumed,and laughed heartily over their funnyjoke. As a matter of fact it was in- tended to study from them : to notetheir colours, forms, and their move- ments ; to draw them, and to derivefrom them something which only thesecreatures have to offer the artist.44 The School of Art at Monza "writes our Correspondent, 44 has a44 section of the grounds put aside for44 many fine birds and several animals.44 I noted some eight or ten well kept44 runs for finely marked birds of bril- -44 liant colouring. What the species44 was I was told but forgot to note ;44 if I remember aright there were rare44 pleasants, guinea fowls, peacochs,44 storks and flamingoes amongst them.44 There were also enclosures contai- -44 ning gazelles, deer, and other fleet44 footed animalsOur Correspondent was informedthat these delicate creatures served asmodels for the students.When Mr Craig's notion was an- nounced in London one of the paperscontained a headline 44 Comic methodsfor New Art School ", and a writerproceded to inform London that itwas a laughable idea to provide birdsand animals for students to studyfrom ; besides, it was calculated to be44 very costly ". Perhaps the samecritic and his following would hold itextravagant, 44 very costly " to providea School with a Library. A DRAMA LIBRARY. THE British Drama League is tobe congratulated on the additionof a Library to contain 8,000 booksto its premises at 8 Adelphi Terrace.Mr Geoffrey Whit worth the Secre- tary goes on well with his work doingjust what is needed.There are some people who willof course raise their hands and cryout against such a wicked extrava- gance. They will say it is a waste ofthe funds of the League.The only extravagance we can seehas been the waste of time in comingto a decision to establish such a library. UNWANTED. MR Robert Atkins, referred to inLondon journals as a genius ofa producer, is leaving the Old Vic.Is it his genius which is in the way,or does he wish to better himself ? Weask for we have never seen his workand have no notion what is the stan- dard of 1925 genius in London. Buit strikes us as not a little strange 6the Direction to allow even a touclof genius to leave a theatre whichfrom all we hear, is not overburdenecwith an excessive amount. LUCIEN GUITRY. J. S. IN the death of Lucien Guitry ever]theatre-goer who saw him act muslmourn the loss of a valuable membeiof the French stage.He was not a great actor therehave been few such in the past fift)years: Salvini and Irving stand wellabove their contemporaries and provesthat while Democracy may do muchto level many things which need le- velling, it cannot dwarf genius or raisetalent till they are as like as two Demo- cratic pins and worth a like sum.Guitry was a powerful actor andpower is a quality the European stagecan ill afford to lose at this moment,But other powerful actors will cometo fill his place. After they have ap- peared a great actor will appear. Itis an old trick of that goddess whomno one denies Nature. She playsthat trick to put the sententious in!place, to curb those who do not be- lieve that genius is really what it is,not having a capacity to recognize it.Too many of 44 Our Paris Corre- spondents " have snatched as a themethe death of this admirable actor todeliver one more kick on the shins ofGenius, Nature, the Gods, and trampleon the toes of everything and every- body except their old chums who arein the business, and the result has beenan unusual burst of error: 44 The Lastof the Titans 44 Our Paris Corres- pondent " of one newspaper callsGuitry; another 44 the greatest livingactor ". What a noise around a poor old grave. GIORGIO &amp; PIERO ALINARIPUBLISHERS. VIA STROZZI i, FLORENCE.GRAND COLLECTION OF PHOTOGRAPHS50.000 SUBJECTS OF ALL THE TOWNS OF ITALY. GREECE, PARIS, DRESDEN.PLATINUM, BROMIDE, CARBON PRINTS, ETC. ARTISTIC REPRODUCTIONSOF VIEWS, PICTURES, SCULPTURES, ARCHITECTURAL DETAILS, ETC.t:J If Mk%ill j* * * I Sfflßr / 'Mmm 'N.NAJFM A &amp; AI IHHHr -Amm: ft ,7 &lt;** ;r #* ILL Al4; i/JP &gt;IIV^&lt;rr:"-rlISM®■HHP « v■Bay%mn•' ...• ::I l/s3t.:kie;:™* 7JI\ "tmm1 PA View of the Ponte Vecchio. Florence.BOOK EDITIONS RECENTLY PUBLISHED,FLORENCEORIGINAL ETCHINGS BY ANTONIO CARBONATI WITH PREFACEBY VITTORIO PICA.ORIGINAL ALBUM ON JAPANESE PAPER; 100 COPIES NUMBERED ANDSIGNED, ENCLOSED IN A FINE LEATHER COVER.