The mask 2 10 11 12 April 1910 naau_1910-04_01 The mask 2 10 11 12 Untitled Image Illustration 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILL USTRATIONS. 2 Six Figures from the engraving by Israel von Mecheln. 1460-1470, See page 153. Illustration 3 THE ANCIENT ENGLISH MORRIS DANCE Francis Douce. 1807 cre 5-12 Untitled Image Illustration 5 Untitled Image Illustration 8 Figure from this window. Illustration 9 Untitled Image Illustration 11 Untitled Image Illustration 12 Untitled Music 7 ATTENTION, CHILDREN! J. S cre Arthur Symons cre 12 Untitled Image Illustration 12 THE ENEMIES OF TRADITION Jan van Holt cre 13 Untitled Image Illustration 13 TWO STAGE CHARACTERS Gilbert á Beckett cre 14-15; 17-18 Untitled Image Illustration 14 STAGE LOVERS BY GEORGE CRIUCKSHANK. Illustration 15 Untitled Image Illustration 17 Untitled Image Illustration 18 THE MANNERS OF THE STAGE La Bruyère. 1639=1696 cre 18 Untitled Image Illustration 18 FLAMMARION AND CROCE Allen Carric cre 19-20 reation is too complicated for anybody to understand It, (and this is 19-20 Untitled Image Illustration 19 HAMLET; A SUCCESS OR A FAILURE? A. F cre 20 Untitled Image Illustration 20 AGAINST FOOT LIGHTS. Leonardo da Vinci cre The Art of the Theatre. Gordon Craig. 1905 cre 20 PSYCHOLOGY AND THE DRAMA John Semar cre Nietzsche. Beyond Good cre Evil. Translated by Helen Zimmern. 1907 cre 21-22 Untitled Image Illustration 21 THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OF SHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS E. W. Godwin. F. R. S cre 23-28 Untitled Image Illustration 23 Untitled Image Illustration 24 Untitled Image Illustration 28 EMOTION IN THE THEATRE. La Bruyère. 1639-1696 cre 28 A MASK DESIGNED BY E. THESLEFF, ENGRAVED BY GORDON CRAIG. Illustration 29 "CHANTECLER" AND THE RETURN OF THE MASK. J. S cre 31-32 MALLARMÉ AND THE NEW DRAMA Allen Carric cre George Wolfe Plank cre 32-33 Untitled Image Illustration 32 Untitled Image Illustration 33 VENETIAN COSTUME TRANSLATED FROM THE BOOK OF CESARE VECCELLIO D. Nevile Lees cre 34-35; 37 Untitled Image Illustration 35 Untitled Image Illustration 35 Untitled Image Illustration 35 Untitled Image Illustration 35 Untitled Image Illustration 37 A FURTHER NOTE ON CHOPINES. 38 Untitled Image Illustration 38 Untitled Image Illustration 38 THE GERMANS John Balance cre 39 A NOTE ON "GREAT MEN" Rudolf Schmerz cre 40 ART AND THE JOY OF LIFE Gordon Craig cre 41 BOOK REVIEWS 42-47 Untitled Image Illustration 42 FLA YS, ACTING AND MUSIC by 42-43 THE MIND OF THE ARTIST. Thoughts 43-44 "THE LOST CABIN MINE." by 44-45 THE MAGNIFICENT MUMMER by 45 A JUSTIFICATION OF THE 45 MAKESHIFTS and Other Short Plays, by 45 THE VALLEY OF SHADO WS by Francis 45-46 HISTORY OF THEATRICAL ART by Dr 46 WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE by 46-47 MAURICE MAETERLINCK par Gerard 47 FOREIGN NOTES 47-49 Untitled Image Illustration 47 L O N D ON 47-48 PARIS J de S cre 48-49 LONDON. R. S cre 49 Untitled Image Illustration 49 EDITORIAL NOTES 49-56 Untitled Image Illustration 49 Hp he re are those who are In sympathy with 49-56 TO OUR READERS J. S cre 56 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 57 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 58 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 58 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 60 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 60 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 60 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 60 Vol. 2 N.° 10-12 APRIL 1910 THE MASKA QUARTERLY JOURNAL OFTHE ART OF THE THEATRE ARENA GOLDONI'FLORENCEITALY &amp; YEARLY SUBSCRIPTION FIFTEEN SHILLINGS, POST FREE. &amp; The MaskI 9 i o THE MORRISDANCE. &amp; THE MORRISDANCE. &amp; THEM ORRISDANCE. &amp; THE MORRISDANCE. &amp; THE MORRISDANCE. THE MORRISDANCE. THE MORRISDANCE. &amp; The Mask1910 THE STAGELOVER. &amp; THE STAGE SUPER. &amp; FLAMMARIONAND CROCE. PSYCHOLOGY&amp; THE DRAMA. OTHELLO. OTHELLO# TWO GENTLE- MEN OF VERONA. TWO GENTLE- MEN OP VERONA. The MaskI O I O "CHANTECLER." MALLARMg &amp;THE DRAMA. The Mashs s» i a VENETIANCOSTUME. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED &amp;I i iin ii inn I HI II II ii iiiriiini ti—r TTTT i—i—m-mr—TUTI i-'i i -n~M—r——■— rri'IITT-nmmnniiiiM mi HM—IWWNGerente responsabile, GIULIO VANZI A QUARTERLY JOURNAL OF THEART OF THE THEATRESWHY YOU SHOULD SUBSCRIBE TO THE MASKBECAUSE IT IS THE SUREST WAY TO RECEIVE IT REGULARLY, AND IT IS WORTHWHILE TO RECEIVE IT REGULARLY BECAUSE: (1) It Is " A very amusing and stimulating, as well as a most beautiful magazineTHE DAILY TELEGRAPH.(2) " There is not a page in it which is not interesting and stimulating in a fine way. "PALL MALL GAZETTE.(3) It is " A quite remarkable magazine, rich in intelligence. " WESTMINSTER GAZETTE.(4) It is 44 The most beautiful magazine published. " THE NEW AGE.(5) " By the delicacy of its format, the pleasantness and dignity of its types, the carefulexcellence with which its illustrations have been reproduced, the character of the illustra- tions themselves, and the curious distinction and sincerity of its literary contents, itseems to prove that the artistic centre of Europe has once again shifted to Italy. " &amp;LIVERPOOL COURIER.(6) It has " The rare attraction of abundant intellectual activity with aesthetic charm. Its44 freedom, its courage, its fecundity of ideas, its emphasis of vital potentialities in the" theatre, its ample horizon which aims to review the centuries as well as the seasons of"theatrical art, its earnest search for rational criteria, its championship of the poetic and44 creative in its own field,... these unusual qualities differentiate The Mask from that large44 class of art journals which are mere catalogues and tend to give it a perennial rather44than a momentary appeal. &amp; &amp; Mr PERCY MACKAYE.(7) It is 44 A vital review, the independence and intelligence of which is a rare comfort inthese days. &amp; JS&gt; &amp; &amp; Mr WILLIAM ROTHENSTEIN.HOW TO SUBSCRIBE TO THE M ASK~~&amp;&amp; Write your name and address on the adjoining card and post it to us today ; and thentoday or tomorrow or next week, or when we remind you, send the amount named belowaccording to the country in which you live. &amp; &amp; &amp; jmjr Cheques and postal orders should be made payable to the Proprietor of The Mask.In countries where paper money is in use this may be enclosed in a registered letter.YEARLY England, 15 Shillings America, 4 Dollars Russia, 8 Roubles POSTSUBSCRIPTION Germany, 15 Marks Italy, 15 Lire, France, 20 Francs. FREEthe "mask Offices, "arena goldoni, Tlorence. &amp; Printed for the Proprietor by Tipografia R. Lastrucci Yia Serragli, 104 Floreace and published at The Office of " The Mask *'Arena Goldoni. LITERARY CONTENTS. THE ANCIENT ENGLISH MORRIS DANCE by FRANCIS DOUCE. 1807. £&gt; ATTENTION,CHILDREN I A WORD ON SYMBOLISM. £&gt; THE ENEMIES OF TRADITION, by JAN VANHOLT. &amp; TWO STAGE CHARACTERS by GILBERT k BECKET. uS&gt; THE MANNERS OF THESTAGE. LA BRUYERE. FLAMMARION AND CROCE by ALLEN CARRIC. HAMLET, ASUCCESS OR A FAILURE? by A. F. 0A WORD AGAINST FOOTLIGHTS. PSYCHOLOGYAND THE DRAMA by JOHN SEMAR. 0 A WORD ON MASKS by NIETZSCHE. THEARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OF OTHELLO AND THE TWO GENTLEMEN OF VERONAby E. W. GODWIN. uS&gt; EMOTION IN THE THEATRE. LA BRUYERE. CHANTECLER ANDTHE RETURN OF THE MASK by J. S. MALLARMIS AND THE NEW DRAMA by ALLENCARRIC A NOTE ON THE ART OF THE THEATRE by G. WOLFE PLANK VENETIANCOSTUMES TRANSLATEDFROMTHE BOOK OF CESARE VECELLIO by D. NEVILE LEESA FURTHER NOTE ON CHOPINES THE GERMANS by JOHN BALANCE 0 A NOTE ONGREAT MEN by RUDOLF SCHMERZ &amp; ART AND THE JOY OF LIFE by GORDON CRAIGBOOK REVIEWS 0 FOREIGN NOTES £&gt; EDITORIAL NOTES ILL USTRATIONS. FRONTISPICE. SIX FIGURES OF MORRIS DANCERS FROM THE ENGRAVING by ISRAELVON MECHELN. 1460-1470. FIVE OTHER DESIGNS OF MORRIS DANCFRS AND ONE PIECEOF MORRIS MUSIC. J0 TWO ILLUSTRATIONS OF STAGE LOVERS by GEORGECRUICKSHANK. -&lt;S&gt; A MASK DESIGNED by E. THESLEFF AND ENGRAVED by GORDONCRAIG. FOUR DESIGNS OF VENETIAN COSTUME FROMTHE BOOK OF CESAREVECELLIO &amp;AN ILLUSTRATION OF A CHOPINE. j£f HEAD AND TAIL PIECESAND INITIALS FROM DESIGNS BY CHARLES BORROW, JULIUS OLIVER AND GORDONCRAIG Six Figures from the engraving by Israel von Mecheln. 1460-1470, See page 153. THE ANCIENT ENGLISH MORRISDANCE by Francis Douce. 1807. Figure fromthis window. Jt is the observation of an elegant writer that disquisitions concerning the manners andconduct of our species in early times, or indeed at any time, are always curious at leastand amusing. An investigation of the subject before us, if completely and successfullyperformed, would serve to fill up a chasm in the history of our popular antiquities; butthis must not be expected. The culpable indifference of historical writers to private man- ners, and more especially to the recreations and amusements of the common people, hasoccasioned the difficulties that always attend enquiries of this nature, many of which areinvolved in impenetrable darkness; whilst others can only receive illustration from detachedand scattered facts accompanied by judicious inferences and opinions. &amp;&amp; It will be necessary in the first place, to attempt some definition of what the morrisdance originally was: this may be best accomplished by the aid of etymology, which will generallybe found a faithful guide, when managed with discretion. It seems, however, on the presentoccasion, to have been too slightly treated in a work of considerable labour and ingenuity,the author of which has expressed an opinion that the Morris dance originated from thatpart of the ancient ceremony of the feast of fools, in which certain persons habited likebuffoons, with bells etc, joined in a dance. He then proceeds as follows, " The word Morrisapplied to the dance is usually derived from Morisco, which in the Spanish language signifiesa Moor, as if the dance had been taken from the Moors; but I cannot help consideringthis as a mistake, for it appears to me that the Morisce or Moor dance is exceedingly dif- ferent from the morris-dance formerly practised in this country; it being performed withthe castanets or rattles, at the ends of the fingers, and not with bells attached to variousparts of the dress, (i) I shall not pretend to investigate the derivation of the word Morris,though probably it might be found at home; it seems, however, to have been applied tothe dance in modern times, and, I trust, long after the festival to which it originally belongedwas done away and had nearly sunk into oblivion." (2) &amp; &amp;Now if the term in question had been exclusively used in England, there would havebeen some weight in these observations; but when we find it adopted by most of theEuropean nations to express a dance, the origin of which both English and foreign glos- saries uniformly ascribe to the Moors, we must pause at least before we consent to abandonthe only clue that presents itself to assist us. &amp; &lt;&amp;The genuine Moorish or Morisco dance was, no doubt, very different from the Englishmorris; but there is scarcely an instance in which a fashion or amusement that has beenborrowed from a distant region has not in its progress through other countries undergonesuch alterations as have much obscured its origin. This remark may be exemplified in chessand cards, which, beyond all doubt, were invented in India or China, and spread, by means of the Arabians, progressively throughout Spain, Italy, Prance, England, and the North ofEurope. But the above writer has cited a passage from the play of Variety, 1949, in whichthe Spanish Morrisco is mentioned; and this not only shows the legitimacy of the termmorris, but that the real and uncorrupted Moorish dance was to be found in Spain, whereit still continues to delight both natives and strangers under the name of the fandango.It may be likewise remarked, that the exquisitely pretty music to this lively dance isundoubtedly Moorish. (1) The Spanish morris was also danced at puppet-shows by a personhabited like a Moor, with castagnets; and Junius (Du Jon) has informed us that the morrisdancers usually blackened their faces with soot, that they might the better pass for Moors. (2)&amp; Some have sought the origin of the morris in the Pyrrhica saltatio of the ancients, amilitary dance which seems to have been invented by the Greeks, and was afterwards adoptedby the Salii or priests of Mars. This continued to be practised for many ages, till it becamecorrupted by figures and gesticulations foreign to its original purpose. Such a dance waswell known in France and Italy by the name of the dance of fools or Matachins, who werehabited in short jackets with gilt=paper helmets, long streamers tied to their shoulders,and bells to their legs. They carried in their hands a sword and buckler, with which theymade a clashing noise, and performed various quick and sprightly evolutions. (3) &amp;&amp; A species of this sword dance by some means or other got introduced into England,where it has generally and unaccountably been exhibited by women, whose dexterous featsof tumbling and dancing with swords at fairs, and in the minor theatres, are still remem- bered by many persons.A very learned writer, speaking of the Pyrrhica saltatio, informs us, that " The commonpeople in many parts of England still practise what they call a Morisco dance, In a wildmanner, and as it were in armour, at proper intervals striking upon each other's staves,etc. " (5) This might be found on enquiry to differ from the common morris, and to be amixture of the old Pyrrhic and Moorish dances. Such a one may be alluded to in "The secondpart of King Henry the Sixth," Act iii. Sc. I" I have seen himCaper upright like a wild Morisco,Shaking the bloody darts, as he his bells. "Before we proceed to an examination of the more immediate object of this essay, theEnglish morris, it may be as well to lay before the reader a short description of theuncorrupted morris dance, as practised in France about the middle of the sixteenth century. It has been preserved by Tabourot, the oldest and by far the most curious writerof any other on the art of dancing. (1) &amp; jg? &amp;He relates that in his youthful days it was the custom in good societies for a boy tocome into the hall when supper was finished, with his face blackened, his forehead boundwith white or yellow taffeta, and bells tied to his legs. He then proceeded to dance the Moriscothe whole length of the hall, backwards and forwards, to the great amusement of thecompany. (2) He hints that the bell might have been borrowed from the crotali of theancients in the Pyrrhic dance. He then describes the more modern morris dance, whichwas performed by striking the ground with the forepart of the feet; but, as this was foundto be too fatiguing, the motion was afterwards confined to the heel, the toes being keptfirm, by which means the dancer contrived to rattle his bells with more effect. He adds thatthis mode of dancing fell into disuse, as it was found to bring on gouty complaints. Thisis the air to which the last-mentioned morris was performed. It has been supposed that the morris dancewas first brought into England in the time ofEdward the Third, when John of Gaunt returnedfrom Spain; (3) but it is much more probablethat we had it from our Gallic neighbours, oreven from the Flemings. Few if any vestiges of it can be traced beyond the reign of Henry the Seventh; about which time, and particu- larly in that of Henry the Eighth, the churchwardens' accounts in several parishesafford materials that throw much light on the subject, and show that the morris dancemade a very considerable figure in the parochial festivals. &amp; &amp; &amp;j£/ A late valuable writer has remarked that in some places the May-games of Robin Hoodwere nothing more than a morris dance, in which Robin Hood, Little John, Maid Marian,and Frier Tuck were the principal personages, the others being a clown or fool, the hobby- horse, the taborer, and the dancers, who were more or less numerous; (4) but this seemsto be a mistake. The May games of Robin Hood appear to have been principally institutedfor the encouragement of archery, and were generally accompanied by morris dancers, who,nevertheless, formed but a subordinate part of the ceremony. It is by no means clear thatat any time Robin Hood and his companions were constituent characters in the morris.There were, besides, May-games of a more simple nature, being merely dances round aMay-pole, by the lads and lasses of the village, and the undoubted remains of the RomanFloralia. (5) We find also that other festivals and ceremonies had their morris, as Holy Thursday;the Whitsun-ales; the bride-ales, or weddings, (1) and a sort of play or pageant called thelord of misrule. Sheriffs too had their morris dance. (2) The reader may be amused withthe following account of the lord of misrule, as it contains a description of an attendantmorris. It has been fortunately handed down to us by a puritanical writer of the reign ofElizabeth, whose loud ravings against the fashionable excesses of his countrymen havecontributed to furnish posterity with the completest information respecting a considerableportion of the manners and custom of the above period that is any where to be found. Theseare his words:£? First, all the wilde heads of the parish, flocking together, chuse them a graund captaine"(of mischiefe) whome they innoble with the title of my Z,ord of misrule, and him they44 crowne with great solemnitie, and adopt him for their king. This king annoynted, chooseth"foorth twentie, fourtie, three-score or a hundred lustie guttes like to himselfe to waite44 upon his lordly majesty, and to guarde his noble person. Then every one of these his44 men, he investeth with his liveries of greene, yellow, or some other light wanton col- " lour. And as though that were not (bawdy) gawdy ynough, I should say, they bedecke"themselves with scarffes, ribbons and laces hanged all over with golde ringes, precious" stones; and other jewels, this done, they tie about either legge twentie or fourtie belles44 with rich handkerchiefe in their handes, and sometimes laide a crosse over their shoulders44 and neckes, borrowed for the most part of their pretie Mopsies and loving Bessies, for44 bussing them in the darke. Thus all things set in order, then have they their hobby- •4 horses, their dragons and other antiques, togither with their baudie pipers, and thundering44 drummers, to strike up the Devils Daunce withall: then martch this heathen company44 towards the church and church-yarde, their pypers pyping, their drummers thundering, 44 their stumpes dancing, their bells jyngling, their handkercheefes44 fluttering about their heades like madde men, their hobble horses,44 and other monsters skirmishing amongst the throng: and in this44sorte they goe to the church (though the minister be at prayer44 or preaching) dauncing and swinging their handkerchiefes over44 their heades in the church like Devils incarnate, with such a44 confused noise, that no man can heare his owne voice. Then the44 foolish people they looke, they stare, they laugh, they fleere, and44 mount upon formes and pewes, to see these goodly pageants so®44 lemnized in this sort. Then after this about the church they goe44 againe, and againe, and so foorth into the church yard, where they44 have commonly their sommer haules, their bowers, arbours, and44 banquetting houses set up, wherein they feast, banquet, and44 daunce all that day, and (peradventure) all that night too. And44 thus these terrestrial furies spend the Sabboth day. Another sort44 of fantastical! fooles bring to these helhoundes (the Lord of misrule 44 and his complices) some bread, some good ale, some new cheese, some olde cheese, some44 custardes, some cracknels, some cakes, some flaumes, some tartes, some creame, some44 meate, some one thing, some another; but if they knewe that as often as they bringe anye44 to the maintenance of these execrable pastimes, they offer sacrifice to the Devil and Sa- -44 thanas, they would repent and withdrawe their handes, which God graunt they may. (3) &amp;Another declaimer of the like kind, speaking of May games and morris dances, thus holdsforth; 44 The abuses which are committed in your may-games are infinite. The first whereof44 is this, that you doe use to attyre in womans apparrell whom you doe most commonly44 call may-marrions, whereby you infringe that straight commaundement whiche is given "in Deut. XXII 5, that men must not put on womens apparrell for fear of enormities. Nay*• I myself have seene in a may game a troupe, the greater part whereof hath been men, and&lt;f yet they have been attired so like unto women, that theyr faces being hidde (as they were" indeed) a map coulde not discerne them from women. The second abuse, which of all" others is the greatest, is this, that it hath been toulde that your morice dauncers have"daunced naked in nettes; what greater entisement unto naughtiness could have been"devised? The third abuse is, that you (because you will lose no tyme) doo use commonly"to runne into woods in the night time, amongst maidens, to fet bowes, in so much as I" have hearde of tenne maidens which went to fet May, and nine of them came home with" childe (1) He seems likewise to allude to a character of the Devil in the May games,of which no mention is els ewhere made. &amp;In the course of time these several recreations were blended together so as to becomealmost indistinguishable. It is however very certain that the May games of Robin Hood,accompanied with the morris, were at first a distinct ceremony from the simple morris,which when Warned lived was celebrated about the season of Easter, and before the Maygames: he thus speaks of them:" At Paske begun our morrise and ere Pentecost our May " (2)lt is probable that when the practise of archery declined, the May games of Robin Hoodwere discontinued, and that the morris dance was transferred to the celebration of Whit=suntide, either as connected with the Whitsun ales, or as a separate amusement. In thelatter instance it appears to have retained one or two of the characters in the Maypageants; but no uniformity was or possibly could be observed, as the arrangement wouldvary in different places according to the humour or convenience of the parties. &amp; The painted glass window belonging to George TollettEsqre at Betley,in Staffordshire, exhibits, in all probability, the most curious as well asthe oldest representation of an English May game and morris dance,that is anywhere to be found. (3) The learned possessor of this curiosity,to whom the readers of Shakespeare are much indebted not only for this,but for many other valuable communications, has supposed that thewindow might have been painted in the youthful days of Henry the Eighth,when he delighted in May games; but it must be observed that the dressesand costume of some of the figures are certainly of an older period,and may, without such hazard, be pronounced to belong to the reign of Edward the Fourth. &amp;&amp; Among other proofs that could be adduced, it will be sufficient to compare it with theannexed print of another morris dance. This is a copy from an exceedingly scarce engravingon copper by Israel Von Mecheln, or Meckemen, so named from the place of his nativity,a German village on the confines of Flanders, in which latter country this artist appearschiefly to have resided; and therefore in most of his prints we may observe the Flemishcostume of his time. From the pointed shoes that we see in one of the figures it must havebeen executed between the year 1460, and 1470; about which latter period the broad«toed4shoes came into fashion in France and Flanders. It seems to have been intended as a patternfor goldsmith's work, probably a cup or &amp; &amp;&amp; The artist, In a fancy representation of foliage, has introduced several figures belongingto a Flemish May game morris consisting of the lady of the May, the fool, the piper, twomorris dancers with bells and streamers, and four other dancing characters, for whichappropriate names will not easily be found. The similitude between some of the figures inthis print and others in Mr Tollett's window is very striking, and shows that the period ofexecution, as to both, was nearly the same. One objection fo this opinion will, no doubt, present itself to the skilful spectator, and that is the shape of the letters which form theinscription A MERRY MAY on the pane of glass No. 8. These are comparatively modern,and cannot be carried further back than the time of Elizabeth; but this will be accountedfor hereafter.The above curious painting has furnished the means of ascertaining some of the personagesof which the May games and morris consisted at the time of its execution. To trace theiroriginal forms and numbers, or the progressive changes they underwent, with any degreeof accuracy, would be perhaps impossible; because not only the materials for such an attemptare extremely few, but a variety of circumstances contributed to constitute their differenceseven during the same period. Wherever we turn, nothing but irregularity presents itself.Sometimes we have a Lady of The May, simply, with a friar Tuck; and in later times a MaidMarion remained without even a Robin Hood or a friar. But consistency is not to be lookedfor on these occasions, when we find, as has been remarked, that the May games, those ofRobin Hood, the ales, and morris dances, were blended together as convenience or capricehappened to dictate. (1The several characters that seem in more ancient times to have composed the May gameand morris were the following: Robin Hood, Little John, Friar Tuck, Maid Marian the queenor lady of the May, the fool, the piper, and several morris dancers habited, as it appears,in various modes. Afterwards a hobby horse, and a dragon were added. To avoid the confusionthat might otherwise ensue, it will be best to speak of each character by &amp;I. ROBIN HOOD. The history of this celebrated outlaw has been so ably and ingeniouslytreated by Mr Ritson, and every fact that relates to him so minutely developed, that itwill be long before any novelty shall be discovered of sufficient importance to deserveattention. It appears that in the May game he sometimes carried a painted standard. (2)11. LITTLE JOHN. The faithful companion of Robin Hood, but of whom little that isnot fabulous has been handed down to us. He is first mentioned, together with Robin Hood,by Fordurn the Scotish historian, who wrote in the fourteenth century, and who speaks ofthe celebration of the story of these persons in the theatrical performances of his time,and of the minstrels' songs relating to them, which he says the common people preferredto all other romances. (3)111. FRIAR TUCK. There is no very ancient mention of this person, whose history Isvery uncertain. Drayton has thus recorded him, among other companions of Robin Hood;44 Of Tuck the merry friar which many a sermon made.In praise of Robin Hood, his outlaws and their trade. " (4)He is known to have formed one of the characters in the May games during the reign ofHenry the Eighth, and had been probably introduced into them at a much earlier period.From the occurrence of this name on other occasions, there is good reason for supposingthat it was a sort of generic appellation tor any friar, and that it originated from the dress of the order, which was tucked or folded at the waist by means of a cord or girdle. ThusChaucer, in his prologue to the Canterbury tales, says of the Reve; &amp;44 Tucked he was, as is a frere aboute."4? And he describes one of the friars in the Sompnour' s tale: &amp; &amp; &amp;44 With scrippe and tipped staff, ytucked hie ".&amp; This friar maintained his situation in the morris under the reign of Elizabeth, beingthus mentioned in Warner' s Albion's England:44 Tho Robin Hood, liell Jon, frier Tucke and Marian deftly playbut is not heard of afterwards. In Ben Jonson ' s Masque of gipsies, the clown takes noticeof his omission in the dance. V. THE FOOL. This character in themorris was the same, in point of dress, asthe domestic buffoon of his time. In MrTollett's window he has additional bells tiedto his arms and ancles as a morris dancer,but is, in other respects, the English fool ofthe fifteenth century. Yet the habit of thiseccentric person was not the same in allcountries, nor even uniform in the samecountry. Accordingly he is very differentlyaccoutred in the Flemish print. He has a capor hood with asses' ears, and a row of bellsfor the crest; in his left hand he carries abauble, and over his right arm hangs a clothor napkin. He wears behind what seems intended for a purse or wallet, with which the fool in the old German prints is generallyexhibited. It is certain that there was only one fool in the morris, and therefore MrSteevens and Mr Tollett have erred in supposing the Figure No. i in the window to be theBavian fool with the bib. The former gentleman had apparently misconceived thefollowing passage in Fletcher's 44 Two Noble Kinsmen ",44 and next the fool,The Bavian, with long tail and eke long tool,"Here are not two fools described. The construction is, " next comes the fool, i.e. theBavian fool, etc. " This might have been the idiot fool, and so denominated from his wearinga bib, in French bavon, (i) because he drivelled. Thus in bonduca, Act V., Decius talksof a44 dull slavering" fooi." The tricks of the Bavian, his tumbling like a dog, suggestedperhaps by the conduct of Robert the Devil when disguised as a fool in his well knownand once popular romance, were peculiar to the morris dance described in 44 The Two NobleKinsmen ", which has some other characters that seem to have been introduced for stageeffect, and not to have belonged to the genuine morris. The tail was the fox tail that wassometimes worn by the morris fool; and the long tool will be best understood by referringto the cut of the idiot in the genuine copy of the dance of death usually, though improperly,ascribed to Holbein, and by reflecting on some peculiar properties and qualifications of theidiot character. &amp; &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;S&amp; What Mr Tollett has termed a bib was in fact no uncommon part of the male dress inthe fifteenth century. Some of the contemporary figures of the Beverley minstrels are so habited, as well as others in the representation of the Whitsun ale at Cirencester. (1)Whatever character the supposed Bavian of the window was, he is also found in the printby Israel on the left hand of the fool, not only in the same habit, but with his hands andfeet precisely in similar attitudes. &amp; &amp;£? There is no doubt that the morris dance was is some respects a sort of chironomy;and Higgins, the English editor of Junius's Nomenclator has actually translated the wordchironomia by 44 the morrise dance." (2) In the absense of some of the other charactersin the morris dance, the exertions of the fool appear to have been increased, as we learnfrom Ben Jonson ' s " Entertainment at AlthropeBut see the hobby-horse is forgot.Foole, it must be your lot,To supply his want with facesAnd some other buffon graces,You know h0w."...&amp; Coryat relates that near Montreuil he saw " a Whitsuntide foole, disguised like a foole,wearing a long coate, wherein there were many severall peeces of cloth of divers colours,at the corners whereof there hanged the tailes of squirrels: he bestowed a little peece/ of plate, wherein was expressed the effigies of the Virgin Mary, upon every one thatgave him money: for he begged money of all travellers for the benefite of the parishchurch. "(3) &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; The romance of " The spiritual Quixote " has a morris fool with a fox' s tail dependingfrom his cap, and a sheep bell attached to his hinder parts. In the modern morris dance thefool is continued, but his real character and dress appear to have been long since forgotten.In some places he is called the squire. A definition. &amp; The genuineMo risco • &amp; Its Origin. Its introductioninto England. The May games. The 140 rd ofMisrule. A protest. j&amp; The Betleywindow. A Flemish Maygame. &amp; The characters. s? A sort ofchironomy. s? A Whitsuntidefoole. jg? NO T E S.(1) This will hereafter appear to be a mistake.(2) Strutt's Sports and pastimes of the people of England, p. 171.(1) Three Figures from a stained glass window at Betley, Staffordshire; early 16th century. The Background is added from a designof the same date. NOTES.(J) Hist, of musick, vol. IV. 388, by Sir John Hawkins, who was clearly of opinion that themorris dance was derived from the Moors.(2) Etymologlcum Anglicanum. In further corroboration of this deduction of the morrisdance, the following words may be adduced; Moresque a kind of grotesque painting,sometimes called Arabesque, and used in embroidery and damasking. Moriscle, and Mouricle,a gold coin used in Spain by the Moors, and called in the barbarous Latin of the fourteenthcentury morikinus. See Carpentier, Suppl. and glossar. JDucangian. v. Morikinus.Morris wax, called likewise mores wax, In the Garbelling of spices, 1594, 4to. Tothese the morris-pike may perhaps be added. It is probable that the English termsmorris and morice have been corrupted from mores, the older and more genuineorthography.(3) Tabourot Orchesographie, 1589, 4*o, p. 97» where the several postures of this danceare described and represented. The Pyrrhic dance appears to have travelled from Greeceinto the North. See Olaus Magnus, De gentibus septentrionaiibus, lib XV. c. 23, 24,25, 26, 27.(4) It Is remarkable that the same practise should be found in the island of Ceylon. Knoxtells us that " A woman takes two naked swords, under each arm one, and another sheholds in her mouth, then fetcheth a run and turns clean over, and never touchesthe ground till she lights on her feet again holding all her swords fast." Hist, ofCeylon, p. 99.(5) Wise's •• Enquiries concerning the first inhabitants, language, etc. of Europe." p. 51. N*o T E S .(1) Jean Tabourot, canon and official of the cathedral of Lengres, published his 44 Qrcheso- graphie et traicte an forme de dialogue par lequel toutes personnes peuvent facilementapprendre et pratiquer 1' honneste exercise des dances'" 1589, 4to, under the anagram- matized name of 44 Thoinot Arbeau." He died in 1595, at the age of 66. His work isequally curious and uncommon.(2) But the French morris can be traced to a much earlier period. Among other instancesof the prodigality of Messire Gilles de Raiz, in 1440, morris dancers are specified.Lobineau, Hist, de Bretagne, ii. 1069. In the accounts of Olivier de Roux, treasurer toArthur 111. duke of Bretagne in 1457* is this article. 44 h certais cempaignons qui avoientfait plusiers esbatemens de morisques et eutres jeux devant le due h Tours vi. escus."Id. 1205. At a splendid feast given by Gaston de Foix at Venddme in 1458, 44 foure yongladdes and a damosell attired like savages daunced (by good direction) an excellentMorisco, before the assembly. " Favines 44 Theater of honour " p. 345, and seeCarpentier, 44 Suppl. ad glossar. Ducangian. v. MorikinusCoquillart, a French poetwho wrote about 1470, says that the Swiss danced the Morisco to the beat of the drum,44 Oeuvres, p. 127.(3) Peck's 44 Memoirs of Milton", 135. What this writer has added on the subject of the morrisdance is not very interesting; but he is certainly mistaken In his explanation of five, seven,or nine men ' s morris.(4) Rltson 's 44 Robin Hood I. cfi.(5) See particularly Stubbes 44 Anatomie of abuses p. 109, edit. 1595, 4to. NOTES.(1) In Laneham's "Letter from Kenilworth or Killingworth castle", a bride-ale is described,in which mention is made of "a lively Moris dauns, according too the aunciant manner:six dauncerz, Mawdmarion, and the fool."(2) See Stowe' s 44 Survey of London ", 1618, 4to, p. 161.(3) Stubbes 's 44 Anatomle of abuses p. 107* NOTES.(1) Fetherston' s " Dialogue agaynst light, lewde, and lascivious dauncing, 1582, 2010, sign.D. 7. See a passage to the same purpose In Northbrooke*s "Treatise against dancing" etc.1597, 4to, fo. 68 b.(2) Albion's England, 1612, p. 121.(3) Steeven's " Shakespeare at the end of the play of " King Henry IV. part I. NOTES.(1) There is a remarkable instance of the corruption that has been gradually introduced intopopular ceremonies, in the celebration of the gunpowder-plot; in which, formerly, Guy Fauxwas ignominiously carted, in company with the Pope and the Devil, all of whom wereafterwards consigned to the flames, whereas at present we have only the image of a fellow,or sometimes a real boy bedizened with gilded rags, ruffles, and powdered periwig, underthe appellation of Poor Guy, for whom the attendants seem to crave charity. The Pope hadbeen long dismissed by proclamation or act of parliament; and the Devil is probably forgottenby some, or become an object of too much terror with others to be sported with.(2) Churchwarden's accounts at Kingston, in Lyson's 44 Environs of London vol. p. 227. Thelearned author of this interesting work has remarked that he had found no entries atKingston, relating to the May games, after the 29, Hen. 8; but they certainly continued, asparochial ceremonies, in other places to a much later period. In the churchwardens'accounts of Great Marlow it appears that dresses for the morris dance were lent to neighbouringparishes so late as 1629. See Langley's 44 Antiquities of Desborough 4to, 1797.(3) Fordun' 544 Scotichronicon 1759, folio, torn ii. p 194.(4) Polyolbion, song xxvi. NOTES.(1) Bavon or bavette, is from bave, spittle. Hence the middle age Latin term for a fool,bavosus. See Ducange Gloss. This is a very plausible etymology, and might stand wellenough by itself; but it must not be concealed that in some of the Northern languages baviansignifies a monkey or baboon. Whether Fletcher, who seems the only writer that hasmade use of this word, applied it to the fool in question on account of the monckey tricksthat he played, remains to be ascertained. If we could discover the names of the charactersIn a French, Dutch, or German morris of this time, some light might be thrown on the subject. NOTES.(1) See Carter's "Specimens of ancient sculpture and painting", vol ii. pi xiii, Nos.5 and 13, and pi. xxxvi.(2) Edit. 7585, i2mo, p. 299. See likewise the article chironomus in p. 521.(3) Coryat's 44 Crudities ", 1611 4to, p. 9 ATTENTION, CHILDREN! J. S. Arthur Symons. now=a=days makes too frequent use of literature. Instead of illustrating poems orlegends, 44 it should use symbols, complete in themselves, and clear without written text."Auguste Rodin. 1910.W»en a great and celebrated artist makes such a statement young artists can take offtheir caps, listen, and try to understand.Do the boy workers in the theatre realise what the above order from Rodin implies? Change he word 'poems' to 'plays', and think it over. &amp; &amp; nro use symbol, and not to use it in the surprising and inevitable way of the poet, is to fall into the dry, impotent sin of allegory. THE ENEMIES OF TRADITION by Jan van Holt. | nzy actors (and most actors are more or less lazy, according to whether they areEnglishmen, Frenchmen or Germans,) want the theatre to go on doing the same oldthing that it has always done year after year, and are always telling the enthusiaststhat what was good enough for John Kemble or Talma or Schroder is good enough forthem. They only make use of these names because they know nothing about the men. Ifthey enquired they would find that these were the very men who were the enthusiastsof their times, and that these were the very men that worked to preserve the ancienttraditions of the stage, but who were helpless to fight against the stupidity of the lazyactors of their generation. &amp; Talma, for Instance; listen to Talma:.... &amp;&amp;In Mdlle. George's "Memoirs" she says,44 How many times have I seen him (Talma) in" righteous wrath against this bad taste and stinginess (alluding to the scenery)." "Youmake us look like fools with your paltry meanness." So said Talma. And Mdlle. Georgegoes on to add, " Poor Talma, he was so much in love with classicism that he wanted tore-establish the chorus in 4 (Bdipus \ " Music, he said, 44 elevates the soul and poetises it, but44 to speak of it to these dunderheads is trouble lost." 44 See," he said to me, 44 Stow they44 are encrusted in their old habits. They think I am introducing a red cap when I speak of44 innovation so necessary to our art.&amp; Here is a picture indeed; what a queer state of affairs! Talma, the greatest Influencein the French theatre of his time, helplessly throwing up his hands because the dunderheadswill not let him revive some of the noblest traditions of the stage ! It is pitiful. It revealsin a moment the cold-blooded determination of the men of the theatre to prevent theirhome being refreshed by any innovation. Innovation ? Why, it is not even that which theyprevent and have always prevented. They have even prevented the return to fine traditions.Here is Talma desiring the return of the chorus and they accuse him of innovation ! z?&amp; Is there anything to say after this ? No, but there is something to be done, that is tosweep these people out of the theatre, and until the theatre is quite free from them,it will never recover its vitality for you cannot expect vitality in a charnal housewhere dead things are preserved and honoured by worms, bats and the rest. £? &amp;But I think they are in for it this century. I think the thing has got to be settled oneway or another. They have either to go out of the theatre or they have to let vitality intothe theatre. Everything is undergoing this process of reform and revolution and it doesnot matter much which method we apply to the theatre, the reform or revolution willcome.The thing people have to get out of their heads is this, that the playwrights haveanything to do either with reform or revolution in the theatre. The playwright steps intothe theatre only if he is invited in and always after the theatre has been revived orreborn. It is because people do not realize this that they invariably look in the directionof the playwrights when speaking of the possible reform of the theatre. They believe thatthe matter lies in the hands of the playwrights, but if you will think for a moment youwill see that what I say is true and that the playwrights can never reform the theatre norgive it a new birth.A new family going into an already furnished house cannot change the entire appearanceof that house. It is only the landlord who can do this, and the playwrights are not thelandlords of the stage. It is the stage managers and the actors who are the landlords.Today the stage manager is more powerful than he was a century ago or even thirtyyears ago. It is the stage manager who will reform the theatre or who will give it re- birth. &amp; Talma. A qn cc 1Condition. The remedy. An error. TWO STAGE CHARACTERS by Gilbert á Beckett. STAGE LOVERS BY GEORGE CRIUCKSHANK. CD THE STAGE LOVER he passion of love developes itself on the stage In various ways, andevery different species of dramatic production has a peculiar kind ofStage Lover. The tragedy lover is addicted to the very inconvenientpractice of loving above his station, and he is continually going aboutasking the woods, the. groves, the valleys, and the hills why he was" lowly born," a question which the said woods, groves, valleys, andhills are not in the habit of answering. He usually rushes to the wars, and comes home with a colonel' s commission ; bragging, that he has crushedthe haughty Ottomite, or rolled the audacious Libyan in the dust of his native desert.In consequence of this crushing and rolling he offers his hand with confidenceto the high«born maid, who had previously spurned him from her foot; and hegenerally chooses the occasion of a banquet given in honour of her intended marriageto somebody else, as the most fitting opportunity of popping the question. Havingsucceeded In his suit he frequently sets out to crush some more Ottomites, or roll theaudacious Libyan In some more dust, when he allows himself to be made very jealous byanonymous letters, and he abruptly leaves the army to lead itself, in order that he may gohome and tax his wife with her infidelity. On arriving chez lui the tragedy lover notunfrequently finds his wife engaged in conversation with her own brother, who won't sayhe is her brother, but prefers fighting a duel with the tragedy lover; and the latter returnsto his wife with a fatal wound just in time to die in her arms, which sends her raving mad;while the brother, in a fit of remorse, commits suicide. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; The operatic lover bears some resemblance to the lover we have just disposed of; thoughhe usually confines his violence to tearing up marriage contracts, stamping on the bits,shaking his fist in his rival's face, and rushing out with a drawn sword, shrieking as he makeshis exit to the highest pitch of his falsetto. When the course of his love happens to runtolerably smooth, he indulges in poetic declarations of his affection, which he comparesto a variety of objects in a strain resembling the following:— &amp;Like to the golden orb of day,Which sets upon the main;Going awhile at night away,And coming back again.Or like the little polar star,That guides the ship at sea:The constant friend of ev' ry tar-Such is my love for thee.A beacon to a fainting crew,To point the way to land;A drop of precious mountain dewOn Afric's burning sand.The avalanche which ne'er can fall,Wherever it may be,Without its overwhelming all—Such is my love for thee.The lover of the ballet belongs to quite another class. He usually expresses his affec=lion by pirouettes; and having heard that it is love which makes the world go round, hethinks probably that his spinning may be taken as a proof of his sincerity. The lover inthe ballet evinces his affection very frequently by allowing the object of his choice to dropinto his arms with one of her legs in the air, or to fall suddenly with all her weight intohis open hand, while he, supported on only one knee, bears the burden with a smilethough every muscle is on the strain, and it costs him the most intense exertion to main--' tain his equilibrium. The lovers in a ballet are generally torn apart by the rude hands ofparents, who, however, wait for the conclusion of a pas de deux before they interpose theirauthority, which they take care to exercise within proper Terpsichorean iimits—alwaysgiving the young couple time to fall into a graceful attitude, and receive whatever applausethe public may seem disposed to bestow on it. &amp; jg? &amp;lhe comedy lover goes by the technical name of the "walking gentleman," a titleprobably derived from his always having his hat in his hand, as if he would shortly haveto walk off at the instigation of some unreasonable father or testy guardian. The comedylover is very much addicted to ducks and dissatisfaction, wearing white trousers in allweathers, and finding fault upon all occasions with the object of his choice, without anyreason for doing so. If the lady is in good spirits, the following is the sort of speech thecomedy lover will address to her:— " Nay, Laura, I do not like this gaiety. The volatilehead bespeaks the hollow heart; and if you would smile on me to-day, you might bestowyour sunshine on another to-morrow. Believe me', Laura, that though we may admire thegadfly for its wings, we shall never seek it for its society, and though we may chase thebutterfly for its colours, we cherish the canary for its constancy. You weep, Laura—nay,I did not mean to distress you, though I had rather bring tears from your eyes than allowlevity to remain at your heart, for steadiness of character is a brighter gem than the mostglittering gewgaw. I will leave you now, Laura, and remember, that even should fatedivide us, you have no truer friend than Arthur Turniptop. " jg? The farce lover is the lowest in the dramatic scale, for he is not unfrequently a scamp,and it would sometimes be difficult to distinguish him from a swindler. He is usuallywholly destitute of means, and quite averse to any respectable occupation. He seldomenters a house like a gentleman, but sneaks in by the assistance of a pert and dishonestmaid, or comes like a thief over a garden wall or through an open window. If the masterof the house should be heard approaching, the farce lover gets under the table, or cramshimself into a cupboard already full of crockery, some of which he begins to break as if tomake the place of his concealment known to the " old man, " who, instead of going at onceto ascertain the cause, walks away to fetch a blunderbus, a red-hot poker, or some otherequally murderous instrument, which he would certainly be hanged for making effectiveuse of. While he is gone the farce lover takes the opportunity of leaping from the window,instead of quietly going out at the door, and the " old man," after threatening to fire intothe cupboard, bursts it open, and concludes that, as there is no one there, a mouse musthave made all the noise and done all the mischief. The farce lover usually parts from theobject of his affections with great spirit and vivacity, although he has just before beenlisping out something very sentimental about fate presenting " inthuperable obthtacles "to his union. THE STAGE SUPERNUMERARY. here is not in the whole range of dramatic character a more striking instance of theweakness of theatrical human nature, than is presented by the Supernumerary whosecareer, from the last bar of the overture to the speaking of the 44 tag " is one conti- nued course of feeble-minded vacillation, abject subservience, or abominable treachery. He isled away by a bit of bombast from any ranting hero who will ask him if he is a man or aBriton, or a Roman, or whether the blood of his ancestors runs through his recreant veins;and he will agree, at a moment's notice, to take part in any desperate enterprise. He willappear at one moment as the friend of freedom, dressed in green baize, pointing with aproperty sword to the sky borders, and joining some twenty others In an oath to rid hiscountry of the tyrant: but he will be found five minutes afterwards rigged out in cottonvelvet as a seedy noble in the very identical tyrant's suite. He will swear allegiance to theHouse of Hapsburg at half-past seven, and by the time the second price comes in, he willbe marching as one of a select party of the friends of freedom who have taken an oath toroll the House of Hapsburg in the dust. Perhaps, like a perfidious villain as he is he willbe carrying a banner inscribed with the words, "Down with the oppressor," on one side,while on the other—which he keeps artfully out of sight in order to hide his treachery from the audience—are emblazoned the arms of the House of ffapsburg, of which thealleged oppressor Is the chief. On the field of battle the conduct of the Stage Supernumeraryis contemptible In the extreme, for he either falls down before he is hit, or takes amean advantage of a fallen foe by striking an attitude, with his foot resting on the chestof one of the vanquished enemy. &amp; jg? &amp; &amp;&amp; Sometimes the Supernumerary gives himself up from seven until ten to a reckless careerof crime, carousing In a canvas cave, or plundering pasteboard caravans, except at intervalsduring the evening when, perhaps, to swamp the voice of conscience, he drinks half»and=»half in the dressing=room, with his wicked accomplices. The face of the Supernumerarygenerally shows the traces of a long career of crime and burnt cork; nor is there a featureupon which remorse or rouge has not committed ravages. He frequently has his arms andlegs bare, but, as if he had shrunk within himself, his skin or fleshing is frequently toolarge for him, and forms folds of a most extraordinary kind at the Joints of his knees orelbows. Sometimes his chest is left bare, and his skin, as far as the neck, appears to be ofa rich orange colour; but the throat, which is cut off, as it were, by a distinct line, is of adifferent shade altogether. Sometimes, when the scene Is laid In India, the Supernumeraryhas his skin tied on to him, from which it would seem to be a theatrical theory that thedarkness of colour peculiar to the negro race is owing to the use of leggings and waistcoatsof black worsted.&amp; The Stage Supernumerary is. something like the antelope in his facility of descending- precipices, and he will make his.way with the greatest ©ase among rocks that appearinaccessible. lie will come from the very highest mountain=pass in two or three minutesand he undertakes needless difficulty by going a roundabout way and traversing the sameground several times over; though he knows that the remotest peak is not a minute's walkfrom the footlights. &amp;Though the Stage Supernumerary is frequently a ruffian while upon the scene, he isexceedingly harmless and humble directly he gets to the wing, when he is glad to creepinto any quiet corner to avoid being ordered out of the way by the prompter, tumbled overby the call=boy, and sworn at as well as knocked down with a blow from a flat by one ortwo of the carpenters. The operaticIjOVCt. &amp; &amp; The BalletI/over, &amp; &amp; The comedyLover, JZ? JZ? The FarceLover, JZ? A quick change. His appearance. &amp; When off the stage, &amp; &amp; THE MANNERS OF THE STAGE La Bruyère. 1639=1696 t is not enough that the manners of the stage are not bad, they ought also to beseemly and instructive. Some of the things one sees there are either so lowand gross, or so dull and poor in themselves, that they are not worthy a poet'sattention, nor can any audience be diverted by them. The peasant or thedrunkard may be made a subject for a comic farce but ought never to enter into the action of a true comedy. u Butsays someone, " these characters are natural."44 Yes, hut by the same rule our attention might be engaged by bringing on the stage awhistling lackey or a drunkard sick and snoring; there is nothing more natural". &amp;Is is the custom of an effeminate youth to rise late and spend the best part of the dayover his toilet; looking at himself in his mirror, perfuming, powdering, and laying on hispatches, then receiving his love notes, and replying to them. But try putting this role onthe stage; as the play goes pn from act to act, the truer to nature, the more life-like it seems, but the more dull and stupid it also becomes. FLAMMARION AND CROCE by Allen Carric. reation is too complicated for anybody to understand It, (and this isstill being proved) but its voice is at least so clear and so simple thatnobody can fail to understand what it is saying. You have only got tolook around to understand the voice of Nature; but ferret about, dig,enquire, search, put two and two together, compare, and go on inces«santly with the study of creation and you will only get further awayfrom any solution. &amp; &amp; &amp; It therefore seems strange that instead of using their senses people should use theirbrains so much. I am speaking of a brain that is at war with the senses, a brain thattries to master the finer senses.For instance, 1 am no clearer after reading a chapter of Croce' s " Aesthetic " than 1was after having worked for a year or two towards creating a work of art, but I am verymuch clearer after reading a chapter of Flammarion on Astronomy than I was after contem®plating those beautiful worlds for a life time. There must be something very wrong withCroce and very right with Flammarion. Why should the stars be easier to apprehend than"Aesthetic?" Flammarion, that man whose very name spunds like the whirl of a comet,makes everything clear to us; he gives us the stars, sun, moon, and all, whereas Crocegives us nothing, not even " Aesthetic." Flammarion respects the problem and bows toit as beyond solution: Croce attempts to solve the riddle by much argument. He does notmake a straightforward appeal to our senses, or a subtle appeal to our mind, neither doeshe insinuate himself into us by any magic way of his own: he does not charm us, he doesnot whisper, he does not shout; he simply goes on, on, on we leave him to goon His book is a mass of words, words, words. It is another instance of not beingable to see the wood for the trees. In this instance the trees are so closely packed togetherthat it is impossible to go through &amp; &amp;&amp; How strange it is that men who wish to write on such subjects as Croce has chosen,on the Aesthetic, on Logic and on the Philosophy of the Practical, do not first see thewisdom of being born poets, for only poets can explain these extraordinary things to us.Reading a page of Whitman or Shakespeare you will be aware of more Logic, Aesthetic andPhilosoply of the Practical than in the whole of Croce' s work. &amp; &amp; &amp;Croce' s translator tells us that he (Croce) "is ready to meet any one on equal terms"and try with them to get at the truth on any subject, be it historical, literary or" philosophical." Again how extraordinary that he overlooked the importance of beingborn a poet! &amp;Poets and Dreamers solve problems and show us how simple is the solution of everyproblem. Columbus solved a problem but Croce solves no problem. Had he been sittingopposite Columbus at the table when the celebrated egg was produced he would have begunto talk about the inside of the egg, and how later on the chicken, if allowed to emerge,would have stood on its own legs, which is extremely clever but right away from thepoint. The point was how, then and there, to make that egg stand up; and any ordinarylittle painter of twenty years experience is able to tell us more vital truths about "Aesthetic"because of his technical knowledge of one craft than Croce with all his theory which hehas gathered together about Art. Croce is an example of modern degeneration. I think it is hardly possible that a booksuch as his could have been written when Leonardo da Vinci was alive. In those dayspeople talked about things after they had done them; and, when you come to think of it,of what use is the opinion of any one but that man whose practise has revealed to himwhat is true and what is false?&amp; The innumerable books that have been written about the theatre, of what value arethey unless written by a man who has practised that which he defines? These theoristsare all utterly unpractical and it is amazing how people will listen to them, for these same people refuse to have anything to do with the theory of carpentering unless expoundedby a carpenter; they have a rooted objection to their chairs giving way under them; theyare horrified at the idea of any theory which might affect them unpleasantly in theirdaily life. Fancy theorising about bread and butter, for example!.... how to make good bread,how to keep butter fresh; and the question of art is no different from this; you make awork of art precisely as you snake a loaf of bread,... you make it well or you make it badly;you can experiment with new material iff you think you can create a new species of loaf,but until you have made a new loaf or are perfectly sure of making it you had betterkeep your theory to yourself.Flammarion in his book on Astronomy almost persuades one that he could create anew star he seems to know them all so well; but he does not propose doing so though heis probably quite prepared to point out to us a hundred that we have not yet observed. Two attitudes. Columbus andCroce. Mod erndegeneration, jet The theoiists. &amp; HAMLET; A SUCCESS OR A FAILURE? A. F. Id Hamlet succeed in his designs? Did he accomplish his task? You have a companyof very intelligent actors. If you were to ask them one and all what do you thinktheir answer would be? &amp;Bo They would say he failed. &amp; ® jg? A. Yes. They think that he is a weak character; I think the contrary. 1 think he is oneof the strongest that has ever been drawn by the poet. And yet he has always been played,not as a dreamer, for a dreamer is perhaps the strongest of all men if he is capable of dream- 3ng strong dreams; but he has been played like a sullen and degenerate school boy as inMunich ; or as an aesthetic prince with a touch of madness as in England, or as a veritableJunatic as in France. &amp; A&amp; &amp; &amp;But consider what he achieved ; look at the play and see how it takes him less time tosucceed than it has taken a modern English reformer to reform England, . . England, wherethe heart of the court is pure, compared with Denmark where it was impure. "Wake up,England, " cries the Prince of Wales for six years without avail, while Hamlet awakensDenmark in a few months when once he applies himself to the task. &lt;£&amp; B. Yes, awakens it and dies in doing so! jg? &amp;A. His method, of achieving his end, that is all. ag? &amp; &amp; &amp;B. &amp; But the whole thing is an accident. He broods and meditates until everythinghappens by itself. £&gt;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;A. Is that so ? Yet brooding and meditation is by no means guaranteed even to bringoff an accident; rather does it preclude any chance of action of any kind. &lt;£? &amp;You seem to think that Hamlet' s meditations are the meditations of Guildenstern. But ifyou read carefully you will see that Hamlet" s meditations are upon justice. Hamlet' sresolves are like those of all the rest of the world. He resolves to do evil to achieve good.And it is only during those meditations at which we are not present that he resolves notto do evil, and it is these resolutions which restrain him from hasty action and which assist fate, not accident, to guide Fortinbras to Denmark at the psychological moment. AGAINST FOOT LIGHTS. Leonardo da Vinci. The Art of the Theatre. Gordon Craig. 1905. all let the figures that you paint have sufficient light and from above, that is,all living persons whom you paint, for the people whom you see in the streets are alllighted from above; and I would have you know that you have no acquaintance so intimatebut that if the light fell on him from below you would find it difficult to recognise him. "And there's a row of lamps, my eye !"How they do blaze .... / wonder whyfC they keep them on the ground "."Rejected Addresses."" That was in 18121 and we are still wondering". PSYCHOLOGY AND THE DRAMA by John Semar. Nietzsche. Beyond Good and Evil. Translated by Helen Zimmern. 1907 o long as people continue to believe that drama can be revealedthrough psychology, so long the theatre will remain where it hasbeen for the last hundred years. This dependence upon psychology ischaracteristic of men who have turned their art Into a business.It shows plainly that they realize the importance of quick returns.Psychology is a beautiful word, and, when applied to the thea- tre, confusing enough to baffle the outsider. When the art of tmusichas sunk to its lowest point of development we shall be hearing about the psychology of music. We shall hear about the psychology of everything wheneverything is pointing to decay.&amp; What need is there to bring this word " psychology" Into this simple and beautifulmatter at all ? What has it got to do with it ? We are concerned with an art and a craft.Our work is essentially a practical osse. jZ? &amp;«£? All art is the result of something Intensely practical, and we are trying to confuse itand make it indirect and mysterious by the use of this word psychology. jZ?&lt;£? Nothing strikes two or more beholders in the same manner except those very simplethings which are most direct in their appeal, Set us almost say the commonplace things.Thus none of the beholders will see one and the same thing in that which they behold.jZ? It is never to be forgotten that in the theatre we make our appeal to some thousandsof different people. Appealing to their minds we shall impress each one differently.Appealing to anything but their common sense we shall fall. &amp;We must call a spade a spade, and in two words, not in twenty, and it Is absolutelyimmaterial to us whether it is explained to us that the spade is rounded or square at theedge. It is quite unnecessary whether we are given to understand that there is a littlemud on the blade which suggests that the spade comes from Wiltshire, or whether there isa trade mark on the handle which shows that it was made in America. These details explainedat length with great subtlety will not make us recognize the spade any better, because thespecial mud from Wiltshire and the American trade mark convey little; but, if it is a goldenspade or a silver spade that everybody will recognize, it is unnecessary then to explain it.It has appealed to our common sense; in short it is quit© unnecessary even to call it aspade. &amp; zz? zz? &amp; zz? &amp; zz?&amp; And so it is with acting. Everything must be direct and simple in its appeal. Whetherit be in tragedy or comedy, the appeal must be through the senses, not through thebrain, for when we begin to think about the tragic or the comic we shall neither weepnor laugh.jZ? jz? &amp; &amp; jgr jZ? &amp;So whether we are actors, stage managers or even scene painters, our study must behow to reach everyone in the theatre simultaneously so that they may respond simul- taneously. When we know how to do this we shall know how to deal in essentials andnot in details, and the details will be thrown out into the scene dock. For instance let ustake a single example. The scene is a large waiting-room in which are seated the nearfriends and relations of one who is dying in the next room. With the dying man are hisnearest relations and one friend, a woman. Very soon this woman has to come into theroom where the friends and relations are all gathered and convey to them that the man isdead. How shall she do this in the most direct way, so that there shall be no mistake, nooffence? how, in short, shall she call a spade a spade to our satisfaction? You may say thereare many ways. Can you think of one? If she goes on to the stage and commences to talka great deal it is quite likely that many of us may be confused as to what she has to say.If she remains silent we are still left in doubt. In what way can she convey the event tous? By an action. But what action? What action shall convey the sorrow of the fact andshall be so solemn that it prevents the flood-gates of sentiment breaking loose ? It is tocreate such action that the actor has been born; it is to avoid the trouble of it that hehas made an alliance with psychology. Psychology will not help him because these things must-be created hot. &amp;" All art continually strives towards the condition of music." Think how far from thecondition of music our art will go if it is led by psychology ! &lt;£? &amp;It is far better for all the arts, until they arrive at that condition, to travel along aloneand to concern themselves with nothing but the way their mere bodies are constructed.Let them get hold of THAT first. There is plenty of time afterwards for the study of thesoul. &amp; &amp;Thus let the actor study how to walk about on the stage so beautifully that by hiswalking the feelings of the people shall warm and be set in motion. Let the actor thinkhow he can make the sound of his voice beautiful so that on hearing it people shall wantto listen to the sound. Let him not think that life can say that which is light or profoundif his voice is never to float or fall, to glide or to leap, to run and to pull up abruptly.These and thousands of other moods and changes. And let him not think that he can makegestures and movements which shall be understood until he can make the movements whichcan be felt. Let him not concern himself about the meaning; let him only concern himselfwith the manner. And in order to do this he must feel the earth under his feet. As hetreads the stage his whole body must be alive and his feet like those of Mercury. It is allthis that made Edmund Kean a greater actor than any other English actor. It was throughphysical feeling, not by thinking or by reason. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; It is only by feeling that you will be able to tell me what movement the woman whomI have told you about should make when she comes into the room to tell the others oftheir loss. Can anybody tell me what that movement should be ? JZ? &amp; &amp; A WORD ON MASKS. Jgverything that is profound loves the mask; the profoundest things have a hatred evenof image and likeness. Should not the contrary only be the right disguise for the shameof a God to go about in ? A question worthy asking!.... it would be strange if somemystic has not already ventured on the same kind of thing. There are proceedings of §ucha delicate nature that it is well to overwhelm them with coarseness and make themunrecognisable; there are actions of love and of an extravagant magnanimity after whichnothing can be wiser than to take a stick and thrash the witness soundly: one therebyobscures his recollection. Many a one is able to obscure and abuse his own memory inorder at least to have vengeance on this sole party in the secret: shame is inventive.They are not the worst things of which one is most ashamed: there is not only deceitbehind a mask.... there is so much goodness in craft. I could imagine that a man withsomething fragile and costly to conceal, would roll through life clumsily and rotundlylike an old, green, heavily»cooped wine=cask: the refinement of his shame requiring it to beso. A man who has depths in his shame meets his destiny and his delicate decisions uponpaths which few ever reach, and with regard to the existence of which his nearest andmost intimate friends may be ignorant; his mortal danger conceals itself from their eyes,and equally so his regained security. £/ &amp;Such a hidden nature, which instinctively employs speech for silence and concealment,and is inexhaustible in evasion of communication, desires and insists that a mask of himselfshall occupy his place in the hearts and heads of his friends; and supposing he does notdesire it, his eyes will some day be opened to the fact that there is nevertheless a maskof him there .... and that it is well to be so. Every profound spirit needs a mask; nay, more, around every profound spirit therecontinually grows a mask, owing to the constantly false, that is to say, superficialinterpretation of every word he utters, every step he takes, every sign of life hemanifests.Occasionally folly itself is the mask of an unfortunate over*&gt;assured knowledge.... Fromwhich it follows that it is a part of a more refined humanity to have reverence u forthe mask and hot to shake use of psychology and curiosity in the wrong place. &amp; &amp; A practicalWOlka Acting. &amp; An example. What to study. THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUMEOF SHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS by E. W. Godwin. F. R. S. OTHELLO Jn the Italian Group we find that with two exceptions—Othello and the Two Gentlemenof Verona—there is nothing In the text of any of them indicative of time other thanthat of the period at which Shakespere wrote them. In Othello there is a scene laid inCyprus, which is never acted, consisting of these six lines:—Othello. These letters give, lago, to the pilot;And, by him, do my duties to the Senate;That done, I will be walking on the works,—Repair there to me.lago. Well, my good lord, I'll do't,Othello. This fortification, gentlemen, shall we see ' t ?Gentlemen. We' 11 wait upon your lordship. (Exeunt.)This is alone sufficient to show that Cyprus was not only garrisoned by Venetian troopsbut that the port where Othello lived was being fortified during the period of the action.Now, as Cyprus was taken by the Turks in 1570, and the Venetian garrison was first quarteredthere in 1471, we must seek between these years the time for Othello' s occupation. &amp;From 1471 to 1489 the island, although defended by Venetian soldiers, was nominallyruled by Catherine Cornaro; but in the year last mentioned she resigned all her rights infavour of the Republic, and Venice maintained peaceful possession until the Cyprian wars,which ended (after Othello's death) with the Turkish victory of May 1570. War, however,has been declared before the play opens, for in the very first scene, lago, speaking of Othellosays: s s.. he's embark'dWith such loud reason to the Cyprus' wars,(Which even now stand in act,)....And in the third scene we learn that the Turks, with a fleet counting between one and twohundred galleys, had been seen "bearing up to Cyprus," but had changed their course" toward the isle of Rhodes, " and there, Joined by a second fleet of thirty sail, were seen to.... restemTheir backward course bearing with frank appearanceTheir purposes towards Cyprus.jg? This expedition, however, came to grief, for a " desperate tempest" scattered the fleetand brought it to entire or " mere perdition," as the Venetian Herald calls it. But thecourse described in the text exactly tallies with that which was actually pursued in theearly part of the year 1570 under the Ottoman leader, Mustapha, who, after weatheringthe equinoxial gales, made his successful attack on Cyprus in the following May. We maytherefore conclude that the play refers us to the Spring of 1570, or thirty=two years before it was first acted. This brings us so near to Shakespere's own day that it is scarcelynecessary for us to make any distinction between the costume of this play and that of theMerchant of Venice, which I purpose to describe in detail. (1) It may be noted, however,that there are still remains of mediaeval buildings sufficient to show that the town ofFamagusta.... doubtless the sea«port where Othello lived, and which the Venetians werefortifying in 1570.... was a place of Importance In an architectural point of view longbefore the Venetian occupation of the island. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; The play off Othello contains fifteen scenes, three exhibiting the architecture of Veniceand the other twelve that of Famagusta. We need only look at them as they are placedIn the text to see how easily they may be modified to suit the modern fashion of a setscene for nearly each act.The first Act consists of three scenes In Venice.1. A street. 2. Another street.3. A council chamber: Duke and senators sitting; officers attending.•&lt;£? The first street or place is opposite the palace of the Magnifico Brabantio. The secondis close to the arsenal, the sagittary or sagitarius being a piece of sculpture marking (mostVenetian houses had their special marks) the entrance to the residences or quarters of thesuperior officers. This second street might serve quite well for the first scene if, in cuttingthe text to prepare it for modern acting, our stage editors would finish the scene at thatspeech of lago' s beginning with the words,Call up her father,Rouse him: make after him, poison his delight,Then exit Roderigo. lago, retiring in an opposite direction, meets Othello, and so returnsfor the second scene. (2) This scene may be rendered very effective if arranged as shown in the diagram, where A shows the proscenium,B the canal, C the court=yard ot the "sagit«tary," and D the way to the Duke' s andBrabantio * s Palaces, although Cassio or Bra*bantio, or both, may be supposed to arriveby gondola at the quay E. Boundary walls,gateways, and low towers, with a backgroundof ships of war, would form the elementsof this scene, and the style of the buildingsmay include old brick walls as well as new stone work, the latter of course being in the Renaissance style of the Library of St. Mark orof the Vandramini, Grimani, or the old Cornaro palaces, built or designed between 1520 and2350. A scene set like this would necessitate the fall of the curtain in order to prepare thelast and the most sumptuous scene in the whole play; viz, the Council Chamber in the Doge'spalace. For this, however, I refer my readers to my notes on The Merchant of Venice. For therest of this play we are in Cyprus. In the second Act we have three scenes, but thereappears to me no reason why one scene should not suffice for all. The text gives 1. A seaport town in Cyprus.2. A street.3. A hall in the castle.J? The first direction is very vague, and we must therefore go to the text to seek a definitemeaning for it. There we find that the first scene is a kind of open or public courtyardto the citadel or castle, that close outside it is the harbour or bay with the quay or landing"place, and that the castle or the residence of the commander or governor of the island ison one side of it. Standing in this halfpublic sort of courtyard we hear the shouts of thepeople who line the brow o' the sea; "we see the blocks of stone scattered about, andthe new works "in all the usual confusion of builders' mess and muddle. Here, on theright, through an archway newly built, with the lion of St. Mark roughed out on its friezewe see the hill that leads to the town on one side of it. At the back of the scene rises the fifteenth century castle with its broad stairs leading to the great entrance doorway, fromthe castle to the other side of the scene stretches the sixteenth century fortified wall, halfbuilt, outside which steps conduct down to the lower line of fortification and the quaybeyond; through a tower gateway on the extreme left we get a glimpse of furtherfortifications and the new works thereof, and there, too, is the guard-room with an openarcade, under which, in the third scene, the drinking party would begin their revels. Insuch a scene as this 1 have thus roughly and very imperfectly sketched, if properly set,composed and painted, the whole of the second and third acts may be represented. I saythe third, because the short second scene, which is the only one inside the castle, mightjust as well be before the castle as not. The fourth act contains three scenes: 1. Before the castle.2. A room in the castle.3. Another room In the castle.There is no reason that I can discover why there should be two different rooms for thesecond and third scenes, nor can I see why the first scene should not be inside instead ofbefore the castle, except for the presence of Bianca the courtezan, and this may be renderedas possible to an interior as to the courtyard if we make the room open through a cloister,corridor, or double arcade to the courtyard at the back. Bianca might then ascend by twoor three steps just under the arches without in any way violating the probabilities, andthus a set scene for the whole of the fourth act could be secured. This interior might beGothic or Renaissance; if the first, we must bear in mind the fact that the Gothic of Cyprushad nothing whatever to do with Venetian Gothic, but was more like that of Jerusalemand even of Central and Northern France. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; The fifth act contains two scenes:....1. A street. 2. A bedchamber.It is impossible in the last Act to do with less than two scenes. The street here isclearly in the town, and so we may indulge our fancy so far as to group together theRenaissance of Italy, the Gothic of Syria, the Romanesque of Byzantium, and the ruins ofpre-Christian times.&amp; We come now to the last scene. And here we find the text agreeing withthe ordinary construction of the bedchamber of the sixteenth century, so that weneed not go out of our way to copy the double stage apparatus of the Elizabethan Theatre.Desdemona' s bedroom was in plan nothing more nor less than what we still see in manymodern houses on the continent, i.e. the bed-place was an alcove or recess, or, if youprefer to call it so, a small room with one side open to the chamber proper. Across thisopen side, which might be arched, curtains were suspended, and the floor or the bed-placemight be raised three or four steps above the chamber floor. This apartment would naturallybe placed in the best part of the castle, and would therefore be Renaissance work of thecharacter already mentioned.The costume of the Venetians in 1570, or twenty years before the date of the Merchantof Venice, was so like that I propose to describe when 1 come to treat of this last-mentionedplay, that it is unnecessary to dwell on it here. The inhabitants of Cyprus....Othello' s oldacquaintance of the isle....were more or less men of warlike character, and were habitedlike Greeks or Persians rather than like western Europeans. The cavalry of the islandwere really Greek, and were called Stratigari or Estradiots; they wore tall turban-like hatswith a feather stuck upright in the front, tight guarded or braided bodies, long looseskirts of a different colour, tight under sleevs, a rich sash, and a sabre suspended behindby a belt across the right shoulder: one of their sabres may be seen in the collection atGoodrich Castle.One word as to the music. Amidst the drinking songs and the old ballad of " Willow "may not room be found for those charming compositions of Luca Marenzio (1570) and G*o- - (1560) which were known to Shakspere and the Court of Elizabeth of England aswell as they were in Florence and Venice? In the intervals of lago' s rough songs It wouldform a pleasing contrast to hear from the castle the distant harmonies of Cynthia thySong, &amp;c.," "So saith my fair and beautiful Lygoris," or «« Lady see on every side," &amp;c. TWO GENTLEMEN OF VERONA. be chronologically correct I ought to have placed this play before Othello, for thedate of the action must be taken to be prior to 1535, because In that year died FrancescoSforza, the last Duke who ruled nominally as an independent prince, although reallyunder the Empire. After Francesco's death the Emperors, Charles V. and Francis 1.,carried on their contention for the possession of the Duchy, which, in 1540, Charlesadded to his other possessions. In 1555 he, however, gave up all to his son Philip, who hehad already created Duke of Milan, and the title became from this a mere appanage of theImperial Crown. The tone of the play is thoroughly peaceful, and we have to make ourchoice between the later quiet time of 1529=1535, that is, after the treaty of Cambrai, andearlier period of quiet, such as that which followed the battle of Pavia. The references inthe text to Shakespeare's own time incline me to adopt the later period. jg? The architectural scenery is divided between Verona and Milan, and may be thussummarised;—Verona.—An open place, Act i. Sc. 1; Act ii, Sc. 3.Julia's house; exterior, Act i. Sc. 2.~ „ interior, Act ii. Sc. 2 and 7.Antonio's house; interior, Act i. Sc. 3.Milan.— The Duke's Palace. Interiors: Act ii., sc. 1, 4, and 6;Act ii!.; Act iv., sc. 2, 3, and 4; Act v., sc. 2.An alley; Act v., sc. 1. A street; Act ii., sc. 5.The three remaining scenes are laid in the forest near Mantua.Now, although the Verona of Julia must have been different from the Verona ofJuliet, yet the difference created in the two centuries, which elapsed between the datesof the two stories, was felt, perhaps, as little there as in any town in Italy. The greatestchange was due to the fortifications erected from the designs of San Michele, who diedin 1549, and who was between 40 and 50 years old at the time I have accepted as the periodof the story of the Two Gentlemen of Verona. But, for a full century before this, the styleof the Renaissance had been practised at the great architectural centre on the other sideof the Apennines, for the Riccardi palace at Florence was begun in 1430, and the Pitt!palace only five years later. Nearer Julia's home we find that the Vandramini palace atVenice was begun before she was able to toddle about alone, whilst at Milan the northwing of the great hospital was commenced as early as 1456 by one Filarete, an architectof Florence. But whether we " trudge about through fair Verona " or peruse the streets ofMilan, we shall find the builders more or less busy with the fashionable style, pulling downold walls of Romanesque and Early Pointed character, and setting up in their places a veryfree translation of the Classic Orders. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;The open place, square, or wide street of the first scene of Act i. and the third sceneof Act ii., might show, not only the Renaissance, but the other three great phases ofarchitecture through which Verona had passed. One or two new buildings in the FreeClassic style of the hour would give us, so to speak, the time of day; and the long historyof the little aristocratic town might be traced through Pointed arch and Romanesque shaftup to the pilasters and friezes of the time of Theodoric the Goth, and so to the stillearlier work of his predecessor. For the general character of these buildings I refer thereader to my notes on the play of Romeo and Juliet, in the Architect for November 14,1874. (1) The two houses introduced in the first and second acts are, I need hardly say, palatialin character, for that Antonio is a nobleman, and Julia the daughter of a nobleman, arefacts settled for us by the text. We may perhaps be allowed to go further and say thatAntonio is an old-fashioned nobleman, for he has kept his son Proteus at home, untilimportuned to send him away by his brother, the prior probably of that Franciscan housewhere our old friend Friar Lawrence once busied himself in toxicology. Antonio'sservant too is allowed to hold free converse with his 6t lordship," and to counsel his masterin family affairs: from all of which It may not unreasonably be supposed that his palace orhouse would be of some age, and if we only give It 200 years we shall find it a fully- developed Gothic structure, with 0. G. trefoils to the window-heads, marble balconies, and all the other charming detail which Mr. G. E. Street has so well Illustrated in his hookon 46 The Brick and Marble Architecture of Italy." The lady Julia might dwell in a stillolder house for, unlike the lady of Belmont, she does not appear to have been a verydesirable match in a financial point of view, for Proteus feared to show his father Julia'sletter lest Antonio should take exception to his love. True It is she lias some landed property,as well as a house full of goods and chattels, but they are not so great as to prevent herleaving them at the complete disposal of her maid Lucetta. &amp; &amp; &amp;In Milan we have a street, an 44 abbey, " and the ducal palace. The short scene of twelvelines which begins the fifth Act might well be transposed, and thus the 44 abbey " got ridof altogether. If St be retained we must remember that It Is a convent of friars, andconsequently not an abbey like that of St. Ambrogio, but a priory of one of the four orders,Dominicans, Franciscans, Carmelites, or Augustinfans. The streets of a place like Milan in153S would be brilliant with new cut stone and marble in the style of the Renaissance,many palaces and houses would have already been built, and many others would be in courseof erection, the place would be quite gay with the fashions of the time, and crowds of newdresses would be backed up by crowds of new &lt;o&gt;As Bath is to Wells, or Cheltenham to Gloucester, so Milan was to Verona, and thescene painter who omits to show us this distinction is guilty of gross neglect altogetherunpardonable in days when real fire-engines, broughams, and such like gear are broughton the stage with a view to completeness In the realisation of a scene in some fleetingsensational entertainment. Of the ducal palace, in the rooms and courts of which so muchof the action of the Two Gentlemen of Verona is carried on, we have no remains to guideus, except the tower of the mediaeval palace erected by Azzo Visconti about 1330. Giotto(ob. 1336) certainly painted the walls of some of its rooms; and, although portions wererebuilt during the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries, the fourteenth century was still stronglymarked 011 it up to the time when Gothic and Renaissance together fell before what wecall 44 the hand of modern improvement." The architecture, therefore, of the Milan Palacemay be Gothic of 1330, or Early Renaissance, or both.&lt;£? The costume of the youths who attended the Imperial Court, of the Emperor—whomight be seen in procession though not found in the dramatis persone—of the Duke ofMilan, of the lords and ladies of Milan and Verona, of Gentlemen from the courts ofFrancis or of Henry, of artists from Florence and merchants from Venice—may be soughtin paintings, contemporary MSS., drawings, engravings, and sculpture. But wherever thetheatrical manager may be led to seek for his authorities, it is to be hoped he will beconsistent, and not expect Giorgione, who died in 1511, to furnish him with the costumeof 1530. He must or ought to know that whatever later painters, looking to the past, mayhave done, it is impossible that painters who died years before the period we attempt toillustrate can be fairly regarded as authorities for the fashions of that period. For instance,Veronese can scarcely be quoted on the costume of 1530, since he was a tiny boy onlywhen Proteus married Julia. On the other hand, Tintoretto, who was a young man,and Titian, who had reached a ripe age, may be implicitly followed. But Titian is morethan an authority for us in this play. As a favourite artist .with the Emperor, he mightvery possibly have received a summons to attend Charles at Milan, so that we may wellhave among the figures in our background the great colourist of Venice. The text of theTwo Gentlemen of Verona supplies many references to costume, e. g.f Thurior's "jerking"is a doublet; Thurio's servants have 44 bare liveries;" Julia's hair is knit up in silkenstrings with 44 odd-connected true-love knots;" and the particular cut of her trunk hose isspecified. Mention is also made of gloves—then manufactured extensively in Italy—sun- expelling masks, purses, periwigs, high boots, and long cloaks. &amp;&amp; The list of moveables includes trenchers, looking-glasses, pictures, salts, a rope ladderwith grappling or 44 anchoring" hooks, tablets (of ivory), and musical] instruments. Andalthough no doubt the words refer to articles Shakespeare had himself seen, yet there isnothing inconsistent with the date I have selected for the action, for although the lookingglass was not commonly used until after 1664, when the glass mirror makers of Muranowere incorporated as a distinct guild, we have it on record that in 1507 two men of Muranoclaimed before the Council of Ten to have Invented away of making good mirrors of crystal glass, and had a monopoly granted them for twenty years. The " bare liveries " of Thurios'servants is explained by this passage in the Merchant of Venice—" Give him a livery moreguarded than his fellows, " the guards being the horizontal bars of lace or braid, as weshould now call it, which more or less covered the front of the doublet, and withoutwhich any livery must, by comparison with others, have indeed looked bare. As to thegeneral fashion of the costume, I refer the reader to the remarks already made on thecostume of this period in my notes on Henry VIII. (1) In our National Gallery we have a portraitof a lady of Genoa by Paris Bordone (1500-71) which might be copied for Silvia, althoughthe colour of the hair in the painting is like Jiulia's—" a perfect yellow." Silvia's hair was auburn, and her forehead was low, while Julia's was high, so that we get quite acharming contrast in the two ladies of the play, whose only point of resemblance seems tohave been In the eyes, which in both were as " grey as glass " (/.e. the glass of Shakespere'sday). Angelo Bronzino(iso2 -72) has supplied us with more than one portrait of the time,and the actress is free to choose between him and Bordone. We have also by Pontorno(1494-1556) a life-size full length portrait of a boy in crimson and black, which, merely as apiece of colonr, would be invaluable in a stage picture. Then, again, from the hand ofSebastiano del Piombo (1485-1547) we have a likeness of himself, the Cardinal Ippolitode' Medici, and the lady Giulla Gonzaga of Mantua. At the Kensington Museum thereis also much from which we may derive valuable information in any endeavour to realisethe aspect of persons and things In Northern Italy during the period under consideration.There we can find almost everything which was required to furnish a palace—chests- cabinets, chairs, tables, hangings, candlesticks, candelabra, brackets for lights, lamps,lanterns, chandeliers, caskets, picture-frames, inkstands, books, musical instruments, and- irons, fireirons, bellows, mirrors of polished steel, glass, statuary, materials for dress, swords,and numerous other examples of the armourer's art, and last, though not least, a finecollection of specimens of the work of the gold and colour still preserved, some woodcarving from the panelled ceiling of one of the Renaissance rooms of the Ducal Palace atMilan, and even carved columns and pilasters. And yet, with this wealth of authority atour very doors, is there one theatrical or stage manager in London who takes sufficientinterest in art or education to use even one department of this admirable collection ? Cyprus. Fifteen scenes. A seaport town. The fourth act. The costume. &amp; The Music. (1) The articles on this play were reprinted in The Mask, May, June and July, 1908.(2) lago's last speech in this scene might be joined to that " Call up her father " etc. &amp; The scenery. Verona. &amp; The Archi- tecture. &amp; £&gt; j&amp; &amp; Milan. &amp; Costume. The moveables Silvia and Julia Furniture. (1) This article will be shortly reprinted in " The Mask " (1) This article will be shortly reprinted in The Mask. EMOTION IN THE THEATRE. La Bruyère. 1639-1696. ls the reason that people laugh so easily, yet are ashamed to weep at a theatre? Isnature more easily swayed to mirth than moved to pity ? or Is It the disfigurement oftears which keeps them back ? Immoderate laughter is more unseemly than the bitterestgrief and we ought to be as much ashamed to let others see us laugh as cry. Are we afraidto be thought soft-hearted, or weak-minded, or easily imposed on by unreal things? Weshall not take into account those strong-minded persons who never give way to eitherexcessive laughter or to tears, but let us consider for what reason we go to listen to atragedy. Is it to laugh? Is truth not as vividly portrayed there as In comedy? Will anythingbut truth, let it be in comedy or tragedy, move the soul ? Will people be satisfied withthe improbable ? Therefore, as it is no unusual thing for a theatre to ring with spontaneouslaughter at some amusing hit in a comedy, so also the violent efforts people make tocontrol their tears and break into forced laughter at some touch of pathos, clearly provethat giving way to natural emotion should cause no other embarassment than that of dryingour eyes, and having agreed to indulge our feelings in this way, experience will teach usthat there is less fear of being moved to tears at a play than of being made to feel ashamed. A MASK DESIGNED BY E. THESLEFF, ENGRAVED BY GORDON CRAIG. "CHANTECLER" AND THE RETURNOF THE MASK. J. S. The triumph of « Chantecler 7is the triumph of the Mask. Paris, the modern Athens, pronoun- ces that Rostand, having written a play of animal life, played by actors in animal masks,has made it plausible. Paris is enthusiastic about the masks; even Paris, which could notunderstand before, now understands. It understands that, though the mask conceals the face,facial expression has triumphed for the first time since the 16th century, (i) The Maskhas pointed out the importance of masks replacing the face of the actor from its com- mencement.The fact that ' Chantecler 7 is played with masks and that Paris has accepted them issatisfactory. It is not always the unexpected which happens; it is sometimes the expected.We in the street are amazed at comets, but the astronomers know of these things long beforethey appear and take their appearance all as a matter of course. Those in the street onceupon a time believed that the sun moved round the earth, but an eccentric gentleman calledGalileo knew that the earth went round the sun. So of course, when it was asserted timeafter time in The Mask that masks were the only fit means of expressing those emotionsof the sou! which are registered on the face, those who asserted this were put down as lunatics.Here again it is the expected that happens. &amp;And now we are going to take another step forward and you will see that what is predictedwill come to pass.&amp; Before the art of the stage can revive women must have passed off the boards. Nooriginality is claimed for this idea; it is an idea as old as the hills; it has been tried, and,like the hills, it was never known to fail, whereas the actress, for many reasons, as I hopeto show in a forthcoming number, has been known to fail lamentably. In saying this I in noway imply the failure of woman; it is a failure due to circumstances against which nature andother powerful things oppose themselves.JS? A section of English women who have banded themselves together are preparing the wayfor the exodus of the woman from the theatre. These ladies are called the Suffragettes, andin doing a little wrong to themselves they are doing a great right to their sisters in thetheatre. They are opening hundreds of other doors through which the women will enter,and, In entering these, will leave the stage.Thousands of women who want something to do go 011 to the stage; thousands of womenwho want to make a little money go on the stage; but the Suffragettes, by their agitation,are going to make it possible for these same women to go somewhere else; they are goingto train a new kind of woman, and the new kind of woman will not take kindly to paintingher face since she will have learned by her superior intelligence that paint hurts the skin;neither will she know how to play those feminine roles which the poets always choose towrite because these characters will be composed of a mass of things which she is opposedto and which will no longer interest her. Instead of pretending to be the stupid Ophelia shewill have joined some society for saving those who would have committed suicide by drowning;a far more useful occupation than imitating a drowned lady, instead of pretending to be agirl who through some spontaneous sweetness of disposition stands up to a Jew in the lawcourts of Venice she will be far better occupied in the law courts of Fleet Street. In fact,when woman lives in the real world, she will leave the mimic world. &lt;£?jg? If it is suggested that men have not done this though men are in the real world, theanswer is that men take themselves very seridusly as artists and the mimic world becomesfor them the real world. With women it is quite different. And besides, what men andwomen do and feel is always different; the two can never be compared. Until I perceivedall this I had less sympathy with the Suffragettes than I have at present when I see thegood they are going to do the theatre, and that these ladies, by doing a little wrong achieve this great right..... a masculine theatre And then the masks ...! &lt;£? Do you see the connection ? The triumplTof 4Chantecler' is the triumph of the Mask. A step forward, Women &amp; theStage. The Suffragettes Their influence. An impossiblecomparison, (1) 01 course it may be said that some of the masks may have been raised and have thereby exposed the faces of the acto.s; but, the playhaving been written for masks, this would only p.ove the stupidity of the actors against which the poet had contended in vain. To wear amask and a face at the same time and to wear the first on the top of the head was a triumph even then. It only needs a short slip forthe mask to descend and cover that abomination oI the theatre, the expressionless expression of the actor's lace. MALLARMÉ AND THE NEW DRAMA by Allen Carric. George Wolfe Plank. Qne night I ventured to ask him what new work he was producing. &amp;j&amp; "A drama", he replied with visible pride.&amp; That evening our talk was of the theatre and he reproached Victor Hugo for wishingto revive Shakespearean drama in Alexandrine verse."Then, your play, Is not at all like "Kernani?"" Not at all " he replied with the howl of a dog whose tail has been stepped on."ln how many acts is your play, Master ? " " Three ". " How many characters ? "" Two; myself and the wind".To question the Master about his scenario which, moreover, must have been of thegreatest simplicity, would have seemed impolite. I waited for him to speak."A young man, the last of his race, is dreaming in his ruined castle. Dreams," dreams ... he dreams of battles, duels, adventures in distant forests .... of Life" itself.... his life.... he makes plan after plan and prays his ancestors to direct his" course. But always it is the wind in the old tower which answers, which tries to answer," for it is a tribute to the genius of the French language that the wind in an old tower" always desires to whisper the word OU ... I (oui, yes). " And the dreamer listens without ever being sure if it is " yes " that the wind wishes to say.Mallarme spoke again and again to me of his play, and when I would ask him wherehe wished to give it, in what theatre, he would always speak of travelling in a caravan,and of himself playing the role of his hero in all the fairs of France. He would growenthusiastic over the idea that the poet should be his own mountebank. &amp;is a passage from a charming " Souvenir sur Mallarme by Qeorge Moore,a translation of which appeared in the " Butterfly" (i) last summer; and after theword " Mountebank " there is the following footnote: " J ' emploie le mot saltimbanqueplutot qu ' interprete, parce que Mallarme airnait ce mot. " &amp;£/ Now, what the truly wise man will ask, even at the risk of being thought dull, whathe will whisper to us (2) is, was Mallarme right in speaking of his creation as drama ?Was he right in feeling it to be so ? if he was right then may be " The Mask " after allhas not been not entirely wrong."In how many acts is your play, Master? " " Three " .... " How many characters ? ..."Two, myself and the wind". "What does the wind say?" "It desires to whisper the word," 0u... i". Not one single murder, not one intrigue, you see. No actuality, no personality;merely the soul of a man and the soul of the wind. &amp;Now, what would Mr William Archer say of this ? He is a professional critic; he Is supposedto know his business; he is an expert, which is about the best thing a man can be. And MrMax Beerbohm, what would he say? What would Mr Walkley and what would Mr Spencesay? What would Carados say?,... for after all, when all is said and done, this is the importantpoint. All these gentleman stand for the wisdom of the English stage; they are the guidingslapping, pinching nurses, prim or jolly, of the English drama.Would Sir Oracle weigh the whole matter ? Would Miss Prim pick holes? would Caradoslaugh the whole thing off as a good joke? Yes, that is just what they would do. And yetthere ,is nothing to weigh, there is no hole to pick, there is nothing to laugh about in what(1) Published Quarterly, 1136 Walnut St. Philadelphia.(2) " Wisdom, that Immensely complicated thing, cannot be shouted. " Max Beerbohm. Saturday Review: Vol 180. Page 749. Mallarme says is the essence of the new drama. &amp; &amp;&amp; What he proposed to do would have created a new theatre. 44 He would always speak oftravelling in a caravan, and of himself playing In the role of his hero in all the fairs ofFrance. He would grow enthusiastic over the idea that the poet should be his ownmountebank." He is fond of the word mountebank and knows how to pronounce it. Nowadaysactors shudder when they are called mountebanks, so that we see both the drama andthe theatre are reversed today.Which among these critics would accept the travelling caravan with the poet in itperforming for an hour ? Which of them would see in that caravan a more honest, a morestraight-forward cradle for the drama than the ridiculous theatres in which they waste theirnights each week ? jg? &amp; &amp; jg? Alas! Everyone must arrive at the conclusion that these gentlemen are essentiallyunpractical. They know that there are but a few years in a life time, and they waste theseyears bolstering up that which they do not believe in, enjoying themselves in the mostdismal fetters. Chained by the waist to journals which gave up the ghost long ago they arecontent to exist at the end of a tether which is played out in the evening as far as anorchestra stall and pulled back in the morning. Truly, gentlemen, 44 your content is yourbest having. "&amp;?/z&gt;jg?jg?£?jg?jg&gt;jg?jg?j&amp;&amp; I remember asking one of these gentlemen why he did not seize the opportunity ofwriting in his journal and exposing the whole stupidity of the English theatre; and hisreply was, " I think that should be left to somebody younger than myself ". So we mustaccept him at his own estimate: he considers himself an old man. The lines from TheWasps " of Aristophanes sing in our ears," What is the use of old men now ?Useless are we, useless are we;Jeered as we walk along the street,Supers are we to every one.Elderly affidavits, (i)Mr Bernard Shaw wrote lately in The Mask; " Anything is better for the artist than thesolitary despotism of his own temperament", and added that it was " Irving' s isolation,his attempt to live on and by himself alone, that led to the downfall of his theatre. " Ishould say that this downfall came about for precisely the opposite reason, and that hadhe lived as much on himself and by himself as Mallarme his theatre would be a living onetoday. I suppose Mallarme is one of those artists whom Mr Bernard Shaw would call " moreor less idiots" and we can safely leave Mallarme and Bernard Shaw to settle thissubtle difference between them. nphe Art of the Theatre, being, as it is, a child among the arts, has no desire to clothe Itselfin the rags of the Theatre, nor inhale Its musty odours. It is a grave mistake to consider theArt of the Theatre an evolution of the Theatre, for the new Art is striving for an expres- sion of new things and not the mere selection of questionable accomplishments. Some day,perhaps, the Art will find a name for itself, a name to express its spiritual meaning. Weare concerned at present with the prelude to the Art, and to understand these intimationswe must strip ourselves of all sophistries and regard it with the same unaffected delightas the pure music of the shepherd * s pipe. J would see its first steps on some high green hill; see it with clean, fresh, healthy eyesunder the most natural conditions and spontaneous impulses. As needs present themselvesthey will be met from within and not from the poisonous places which have turned us tosuch ardent desires. If walls and a roof are needed for the man-grown Art they willappear as a part of the Art, not as a cage. Heaven defend us from borrowed artificialitieswhen those closer ones which shadow us require our eternal vigilance I Mallarmespeaks. &amp; His idea. Was he right ? The Critics. Old men. er Mallarme &amp;Bernard Shaw. I) Cambridge 1909. VENETIAN COSTUMETRANSLATED FROM THE BOOK OF CESARE VECCELLIO by D. Nevile Lees. 2y|any of the merchants and well»td=do shop keepers of the city of Venice wear the robewith elbow sleeves like the nobles, but the majority adopt the short costume, with thecloak of serge, cloth, camlet, silk brocade or other material, heavier or lighter accordingto the season. And they wear the high cap called 44 h tozzo " some wearing it also 44 atagliare ", with a narrow brim and with a veil round it; but this latter is rather the capfor quiet and mature persons and that other adapted for young men. &amp;In like manner with the elderly persons, though not all, it is customary to wear underthe cloak the long robes which are called Romane or Pretine; the former, as has been saidelsewhere, (i) with the open collar, the latter fastened at the collar as is here seen. Andmany, whatever the robe may be, make the collar of it project over the cloak or over- garment and gird it with a silken girdle. And their greatest splendour is the most covered,because their doublets which are usually of satin, are covered by the robe and scarcelyanything but the sleeves Is seen. And these gowns that we speak of, of camlet, as theyusually are in summer, in winter are lined with fur of greater or less value according tothe wish and wealth of the wearer. &amp; &lt;£?In summer they wear only slippers on their feet, but in winter they add shoes, and ontheir legs it is much the custom to wear siik stockings. &amp; &amp;In this costume I have seen at ail times shine most honourably and ornamentally MesserPaolo dello Struzzo, a virtuous youth endowed with every rare quality, possessed of thefinest talent, who in the profession of pharmacy cedes to no one in keeping choice goodsand preparing antidotes for poison. Nor will I be silent in regard to Messer BernardinoPillotto who, in addition to owning his most famous shop, is a man of the highest good- ness and courtesy and takes delight in many virtues, and both of these have a greatnumber of pictures and many other ornaments. £?great and most note-worthy decorum is the manner of bringing up noble maidensIn Venice; for they are so well looked after and guarded in the paternal houses that veryoften not even their closest relatives see them except when they are married, and it is nosecret that many of them up to the time of their marriage, conforming with reverentobedience to the will of their parents, are without any ornaments at all.These girls, when they begin to grow up, very rarely leave the house, and almost neverif not to go to Mass and other divine offices In church, and then they wear on the head aveil of white silk which they call a fazzwo/o, of ample width, and with this they coverthe face and breast. They wear at this time a few ornaments of pearls and some littlenecklace of gold of small value. &amp; &amp;£/ Their are usually of roan or black, of light wool or camlet or other cheapmaterial although underneath they are dressed in colours, and they are girded with oneof those little silken nets which they call poste: but when they are fully grown they godressed in black with a black veil called a cappa of the finest silk, very wide and large,fastened and pinned, which is of great value, and thus they cover their faces so that theyare not seen and yet see others.&amp; But the nobles and those of great family rarely go out of the house except on the principlefestivals and holy days.It began some time since to be the custom among the brides of Venice that, before theassembly for giving the ring or the troth, and while between the bridegroom and brideonly visits pass* the bride Is visited one day by all male friends and kinsmen and onanother by the women, and then they go out to some amusement, well escorted. &amp;&amp; It is the custom then for them to wear a black silken veil called a Cappa, the whichis very fine and covers the face, but not the breast, and although it is not very closelyfastened it does not allow of the veiled face being recognised. &amp; &amp; &amp; On this occasion they go much adorned with pearls and gold, wearing, in fact, many ofthose ornaments which they did not wear previous to being promised in marriage. Andbecause this veil only covers the face they wear the corsage and sleeves of some colour,and for the most part of white silk, with the opening of the corsage laced loosely acrosswith a silken cord as is seen in the picture. This opening used to be of gold and embroideredin needlework, but now it is simple and without other ornament.They wear perfumed gloves, in winter covering the whole hand, and in summer cut offat the middle of the fingers, and they use bracelets and other ornaments and jewels. Theyare girded with a golden jewelled girdle reaching to the ground, and all the rest of thedress is black, and long to the ground, with a little train. &amp;brides, after their marriages are made known, and when already the pa.renta.di (asthey call in Venice a kind of nuptial ceremony) are being celebrated, are wont for somedays to occupy themselves in dancing and in showing themselves and in receiving with cheerfulcountenance all their relations.&amp; And to this end they have Dancing Masters of whom they avail themselves in thosedays; and these are elderly men, and In the days of the Pareniade both of the men andof the women, (which are usually held seperately) they are wont to lead the brides forthfrom their chambers into the Portico into the presence of the relatives and of all the restof the gathering who are seated there, and show them how to do reverence to all. Andthen to the sound of divers instruments they perform some dances and return Into theichamber where are many women who robe them, and, often changing their costumes, theyshow themselves so decked out and well adorned that, these ornaments added to theirnatural beauties, of which Mother Nature is usually very liberal to them, they appear asso many suns.JZ? For the actual marriage they go to church with a large company of men and women,kinsfolk both of the bridegroom and of the bride, with music before them and torches car- ried by servants which are lighted while the mass is being said, at which they assist withmuch pomp, there being carpets laid down and cushions upon which to lean and kneel. Themass over, and having received the blessing of the priests, they (the brides) go away andare led to their husband' s house where the feasting Is renewed. &amp; sz?&amp; For nearly a year they continue to dress in that fashion, with their hair flowing overtheir shoulders, and the golden head-dress, and an ornament on the head like a circleladen with jewels of great value; and they all display, some by nature and some by exquisitediligence in art, tresses of the colour of gold with curls according to custom; and wear manyjewels and pendants of great value at their ears, and at the neck strings of pearls insteadof necklaces, which are a marvel to see. &amp;&lt;£? During this time the greater number of them go dressed In white or other silk, accordingto the season, showing their faith, and chastity. In the past they wore simple whitewithout other trimming, with adornment of curled hair round the forehead; and little frillson the collars and shoulder pieces and also at the wrist, as is seen in the afore-shown costume.But now for the last six years they have much altered things and in their mode ofdressing the hair they use horns, skilfully twisted of the hair, wishing to imitate the God- dess of Chastity. Their dresses are white, but most finely made and the high upstanding lacecollars have the finest net work, as have also the shoulder pieces. And on the bodice theyuse a stomacher reaching to the extremity of the body, with the usual ornaments, ratherof greater than of less value, as in the following Illustration may be seen. And when theygo out they are accompanied by many matrons of the parentade and by a great numberof servants, wearing to their dresses a train of no small length. &amp; Merchants of Venice. ZP Venetian Girls. &amp; Brides before Marriage Brides aftermarriage, The Marriage. Their Costume. (1) The Mask Feb: No: 1909. A FURTHER NOTE ON CHOPINES. The following reprint from the Illustrations of Shakespeareand of Ancient Manneis " by Francis Douce, will be ofinterest to our readers, as giving further information aboutthese high-soled boots which, in earlier days, played so impor- tant a part in the actor ' s costume. &amp; &amp; &amp;For by the Greek tragedy-actors such shoes were worn toadd to the dignity of their presence, and, by increasing theirheight, to render it proportionate with the large head piecesand masks and the padded clothes which they assumed.It is, however, chiefly with the " chopines " as worn bythe Italian ladies that the following extract is concerned.Hamlet. " Your ladyship is nearer to heaven, than when Isaw you last, by the altitude of a chopine ". &amp; &amp;jn Raymond's "Voyage through Italy," 1648, i2mo, a workwhich is said to have been partly written by Dr Bargrave,prebendary of Canterbury, the following curious account ofthe chopine occurs. " This place (Venice) is much frequentedby the walking may poles, I meane the women. They wearetheir coats halfe too long for their bodies, being mounted on their chippeens, (which are as high as a man's leg) they walk between two handmaids,majestickly deliberating of every step they take. This fashion was invented and appropriatedto the noble Venetian wives, to bee constant to distinguish them from the courtesans, whogoe covered in a vaile of white taffety." £?■&lt;&amp; James Howell, speaking of the Venetian women, says, " They are low and of small staturesfor the most part, which makes them to rayse their bodies upon high shoes called chapins,which gave one occasion to say that the Venetian ladies were made of three things, onepart of them was wood, meaning their chapins, another part was their apparell, and thethird part was a woman; The Senat hath often endeavoured to take away the wearing ofthose high shoes, but all women are so passionately delighted with this kind of state thatno law can weane them from itSome have supposed that the jealousy of Italian husbands gave rise to the inventionof the chopine. Lirnojon de Saint Didier, a lively French writer on the republic of Venice,mentions a conversation with some of the Doge ' s counsellors of state on this subject, inwhich it was remarked that smaller shoes would certainly be found more convenient; whichinduced one of the counsellors to say, putting on at the same time a very austere look," pur troppo commodi, pur troppo." (i) The first ladies who rejected the use of the chopinewere the daughters of the Doge Dominico Contareno, about the year 1670. It was impossibleto set one foot before the other without leaning on the shouldets of two waiting women,and those who used them must have stalked along like boys on stilts. &amp; &amp; &amp;The choppine or some kind of high shoe was occasionally used in England. Bulwer in his"Artificial changling" p 550, complains of this fashion as a monstrous affectation, and saysthat his countrywomen therein imitated the Venetian and Persian ladies. In Sandys' stravels, 1615, there is a figure of a Turkish lady with chopines; and it is not improbablethat the Venetians might have borrowed them from the Greek islands in the Archipelago.We know that something similar was in use among the ancient Greeks. Xenophon inhis ceconomics, introduced the wife of Ischomachus, as having high shoes for the purposeof increasing her stature. They are still worn by the women in many parts of Turkey, butmore particularly at Aleppo. As the figure of an object is often better than twenty pagesof description, one is here given from a real Venetian chopine. &amp; &amp; Francis Douce.1807. James Howell. (!) Meaning, "Only too convenient!" THE GERMANS by John Balance. 'Jphe Germans are always interesting and I find myself always thinking and writing aboutthem. I know them a little; their energy is superb, their sense of economy first class;they waste neither time, space nor money; they understand these three things. In onething only do they forget to use economy and in that thing they run riot, become spend- thrifts and are altogether quite unseemly. This is when they attempt to create works ofart: then they become really dangerous. Their practical cities that they build can do noone harm and do themselves much good. In like manner their mighty ships about whichwe in England pretend to be so frightened; their army,... all these could do no one harm.There is only one point in which the Germans are really dangerous;... that is in their art.j5? One of the men that England can most fear is Dr Richard Strauss. 45? 45?&amp; Dr Richard Strauss is not an artist; he is a practical German who would have very wellemployed his energy in making engines for war but who is horribly employed in makingpeaceful music. The reader must correct me if I am wrong in imagining that the Fine Artsare created in honour of the Goddess of Peace. Some how or other I remember the phrase,44 the Arts of War or Peace?z? &amp;? ?2? &amp; 45? &amp; £? jS?45? Now, instead of being of any value to us in a state of peace, Dr Richard Strauss's 44 Elektra"should be played by the military band when the Germans set out on their next campaign.I defy anyone to stand up against it; it would be overwhelming. The good honest Europeanor American soldiers would be mowed down by it with more effect than with a thousandMaxim guns; even the Asiatic would tremble as once he did before those horrible maskswhich the Japanese invented to frighten the enemy; it is just such another thing as thosehorrible masks. 4s?&amp;?£?4s?jg?&amp;?j&amp;4&amp;&lt;£?j£?45? For example, conceive the sound of drums beaten with rods and of triangles hurled atgongs. Both these 44 effects" the German Doctor has introduced into his " Elektra ". Thesound of every animal Is also reproduced; the cracking of whips on the backs of slaves, theshrieks of the tortured, the blows of a hatchet upon human flesh, all these noises belchout from the orchestra, the orchestra of Strauss,.... and cause the beholder at the Operano fear whatever. But think what they might be on the field of battle I jS? 45? j£?j£? Of course Strauss believes that his sounds strike terror, but I ask him for one evening,instead of looking at his score, to turn his eyes towards the audience. He will find themshivering with pleasure. What a wise man you are, Doctor, not to have anticipated all thisbefore you began! You tell yourself that you are moving your audience as in the old daysAeschylus moved his audience, but you forget that the conditions are quite different. Allyou do is to amaze and to amuse. Nobody was ever anything but amused or amazed bythe comic entertainer who gives imitations of natural sounds. I remember a man who used to beable to imitate a pig by shutting one eye and blowing out of one nostril. He brought the housedown just as you probably will this year at Covent Garden. It is just a trick like anythingelse, even as all art is a trick or as eating your breakfast is a trick; but a trick should becharmingly done, and should be recognised as a trick, done stylishly. jg? £? 45?I could almost swear, judging from 44 Elektra, " that you bolt your food, Doctor; thatyou eat alone, that you grumble that the food is cold while worrying about these lifeproblems which really do not concern you and which you are quite unable to solve.45? It is only when a man bolts his food that he returns to the Murder of Agamemnon as atheme upon which to write a modern opera. Now what the murder of Agamemnon has todo with you, Doctor, God only knows. You know perfectly well that it has nothing to dowith anybody today. I grant you that it is a theme for a military band and it is all themore strange that His Imperial Highness the German Emperor is so critical about yourmusic, for it seems the very thing for him ! He is the one man on earth who could put it toits right use. Perhaps he fears that it would occupy so many fighting men ' s time thatthere would be none over to do the shooting, but I dare say you could settle that be- tween you. 45?jg?jg?4g?£?45?45?jg?4(?j&amp;jg? By the bye, Doctor, did yqu ever hear about Plain Song jg? 45? j&amp; 45? &amp; Di. RichaidStrauss. Some of his" Effects. " &amp; &amp; The comicEntertainei. A Question. *£? A NOTE ON "GREAT MEN" by Rudolf Schmerz. \yhat is it which distinguishes a great man ? I am always wanting to see a great man,but somehow very few are to be found. Is a great writer a great man? Can he be a greatwriter unless he is a great man ? It has never been ciearly stated what constitutes a great manand I do not propose to attempt the solution of the problem here. But I have been setthinking about all this by reading about M. Maeterlinck. £? &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;He writes for the theatre, although, so far as I know, he has no special friendship forthe theatre I mean this poor old dilapidated modern theatre and I am a littlebit surprised at this. To embrace the theatre for what it is or to reproach the theatre forwhat it is not, either of these attitudes denotes affection for it; but to treat it with indif- ference seems to me unworthy in a man who uses the theatre for his own purposes.&amp; Again, the theatre concerns itself with ceremony. The essence of the theatre is ceremony,yet one finds M. Maeterlinck frightened to death of ceremony. He writes to a friend inBrussels who has invited him to dinner that he will accept 44 On condition that you receiveme with absolute simplicity. Every sort of ceremony dismaj s me; I am a peasant".This is all the more curious because we know that if there is a thing that pleases apeasant it is ceremony; if there is a thing which pleases the open=&gt;alr man it is ceremony.As for the theatre, they adore it; so M. Maeterlinck cannot be a peasant because he hasthe whole country side against him on this score. The peasants are by no means dismayedby the theatre or by the village procession or by the courteous and distinguished gathe- rings in which they delight. Nothing that I can think of can be more ceremonious andshow a better sense of fine ceremony than fie peasant. Thus this claiming to be a peasant onM. Maeterlinck's part is a little affectation. Perhaps it is also affectation, this pretendeddisregard for the theatre.&amp; And M. Maeterlinck pretends to hate interviews. Writing to a friend he says, 44 / be~seech you in all sincerity, in all sincerity, if you can prevent the interviews of which youspeak, for the love of God do it I I begin to be frightfully weary of it all. Yesterday, whileI was dining, two reporters tumbled into my soup". &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;Now for my part I can think of nothing nicer than to spend half an hour conversing withtwo gentlemen who have undertaken the very difficult task of writing reviews for ajournal.... reviews of the great, reviews of the middle sized, and reviews of the small and should I happen to be at dinner when an interviewer called on me what could be agreater pleasure for me than to offer him a seat at my table ? There is always somethingto be said to those good fellows and if one does not speak of symbolism to children theyare none the less welcome at the table. &amp;&amp; I wonder If a really great man would have written about ceremony and interviewers asM.Maeterlinck has done? I am almost of the opinion that had Socrates let himself get intothe position of M. Maeterlinck by writing plays appealing to the public at large he wouldhave received interviewers without grumbling and would have known exactly what to sayto them. There are many people who object to receiving interviewers, but if it is conside- red for a moment, what is there against the interviewer? What awful crime has he com- mitted that he is to be treated like an outcast ? On the other hand we find that all thegreat men do not treat this excellent servant of the public in this way. For instance thereis Walt Whitman and there is Mark Twain, and neither has manifested an unhealthy fearof the interviewer, and yet I should say that Walt Whitman was far more of a peasantthan Maeterlinck, and a real adorer of the theatre &amp; ■£? &amp;&amp; Although M. Maeterlinck has set me thinking as to what a great man might be, I cannotcome anywhere nearer by thinking of his attitude towards those two things, the theatreand ceremony. He does not help me to a conclusion. &lt;&amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; In his writings he aims to be simple; in his life he is affected while he continues to laysuch stress upon being a simple peasant who hates ceremony and Ignores the theatre; for,while he professes this hatred and this indifference, he yet makes a reputation and a fatincome from the theatre, and strives year after year to write more, not less, actable plays. M. Maeterlinck. His fear ofce lemony. &amp; &amp; And ofinietviews. &amp; Somecomparisons. ART AND THE JOY OF LIFE by Gordon Craig. this heading an excelient article appeared in 44 The Times" two days after theLondon production of Mr Galsworthy's drama 44 Justice The article was shortly followedby an admirable note by Sir H. Beerbohm Tree. The writer of the article begs our artiststo " give us a touch of the joie de vivre " and is puzzled to understand how it is thatthis joie is absent from our art.I have read his carefully written article carefully, it is excellently done; it Is verytolerantly and very clearly written; he tries to find excuses for the artist, and he findsplenty, but they are the wrong ones. In fact excuses are not needed. Explanation he cannotgive because he is in a puzzled condition. He cannot understand why the artists of todayavoid the martyrdom which all artists who have expressed true joie de vivre haveundergone at the hands of the English public and critics and public servants. &lt;£&gt;I have not the pleasure of knowing Mr Galsworthy' s work; but that he cautiously avoidsthe path taken by Shelley, William Blake, Keats, Byron and Chatterton is not surprising. 1am not writing a second 44 Book of Martyrs " or I should complete the list, with full detailsadded of each individual torture, but readers of this note will easily call to mind theindignities which these men whom I have named were called upon to suffer in the causeof the Joy of Life.^&amp; The writer in 44 The Times " is none the less right when he says that 44 art that does44 not express the Joy of Life in some way, with some exultation of laughter or tears, is not44 art at all, and in sacrificing everything to truth, tells a lie." 3 have noticed that most ofthe writers in "The Mask" have said this again and again. &lt;£?&amp; But what would you have in England ? England, the freshest sweetest landon earth is the victim of Fog. The very buttercups and daisies themselves are dying out,for nobody notices them. Love may only be whispered of In bated breath. God may onlybe worshipped by white bearded men, and women, in churches; youth may not expressitself openly until it becomes age; where then can the joie de vivre come from ? £?The Joy of Life has a joyous way of expressing itself, but in England it may only expressitself one way,.... sadly. 44 The Times " has helped us into this condition, for it and manyother journals have sided with the gloomy and the aged, and whenever a rash young loverof life has leapt to his feet and begun to dance Bacchic dances 44 The Times " and the othershave instantly plotted to destroy him. &amp; &amp;In London today there are living many artists who are possessed with this Joy of Lifeand whose work is full of it, and yet44 The Times " seems to be ignorant of the fact. I knowthe names of these men and will be only too happy to inform "The Times" on the point anytime it may condescend to enquire.They answer to the description given by the writer of the article; they are not shy, theyare entirely at their ease, they dislike no one, they are not on their guard. They createwonderful works of art and all but a few people detest them heartily for not giving themwarning.jg? If Shakespeare or Aristophanes were living in London today and were to write "Measurefor Measure ", 44 King Lear ", 44 Othello ", or that famous Greek satire on Votes for Women,*London would manage to be rid of these writers in less than six months. Neither wouldfind a publisher who would dare to print, neither would be able to produce his play exceptat a Sunday evening private performance. &amp;I have never been in favour of the removal of the Censor in Modern London because hisremoval would not remove the prejudice against the beauty of life which London today ispleased to call the immorality of life. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;There is only one solution to all this if you want the joie de vivre to return in Art. Youmust accept the young people and you must be glad of their courage and encourage it; youmust accept their blunders, their stupidity, their lack of caution, and you must win theirconfidence by a nobler attitude towards their superb virtues and their lamentable sins; forit is only the young men and women who can alter this state of gloom, it is only they whocan bring you once more the Joy of Life, An excellentarticle. &amp; The victim ofFog. Some joyousaitists. &amp; The solution, jg? BOOK REVIEWS FLA YS, ACTING AND MUSIC byArthur Symons. Constable. net.'"phis book of critical essays on Plays, Actingand Music contains much which was inclu- ded in a former volume but also much thatis new. We welcome it as we ever do MrArthur Symon ' s work, not only for the fineand rhythmic prose in which he expresseshimself or for the keen delight in beautywith which all his work is charged, butbecause he is always the friend of the theatre;and, though it is certain that had he had theopportunity for closer connection with it hewould have come to different conclusions,he is yet often very sweet in his way ofwriting about it.Besides, whether one agrees with all hisopinions or not one is bound to listen to MrSymon' s criticism because one knows thatit is a poet who is speaking; and it is thisfact which differentiates him from some ofthe famous critics of the day. &amp;The book Is divided into three sections,on "Plays and Acting", on "Drama" and on44 Music" and includes studies of SarahBernhardt, Eleonora Duse, Yvette Guilbert,The Question of the Censorship, The Speakingof Verse, The Sicilian Actors and Techniqueand the Artist.But there are two subjects upon which theauthor touches which are of especial interestto us, and these are 4 Masks' and 4 Mario- nettes '.In relation to the former what he says issuggestive rather than explicit; indeed, wedo not think Mr Symons is aware himself towhat extent he is advocating the return ofthe mask to the theatre when he praisesthat which, if not a mask, has the qualitiesof a mask, and falls short of perfection onlyin so far as it has not attained to the per- fection of the real mask. &amp; &amp;This is what he writes of Coquelin Aine;44 In 4Tartuffe' Coquelin stands motionless44 for five minutes at a time, without change 44 of expression, and yet nothing could be44 more expressive than his face at those44 moments It is that power of44 sustaining an expression unchanged, and44 yet always full of living significance, that441 find in Coquelin.lt is a part of his eco- -44 nomy of the artist. The iniproviser disdains44 economy as much as the artist cherishes it.44 Coquelin has some half-dozen complete va- -44 riations of the face he has composed for44 Tartuffe; no more than that, with no44 insignificance of expression thrown away:44 but each variation is a new point of view,44 from which we see the whole character. "And he traces this same mask-like quality inIrving when, describing his representationof Coriolanus he writes, 44 Restrained in44 scorn, he kept throughout an attitude of44 disdainful pride, the face, the eyes, set,44 while only his mouth twitched, seeming to44 chew his words, with the disgust of one44 swallowing a painful morsel." And again,as Mephistopheles.44The image with its solemn44 mask lives in a kind of galvanic life of Its44 own, seductively, with some mocking sug- -44 gestion of his 4 cousin the snake ": and yetonce more relating to a performance ofMarionettes, he asserts that 44 Losing, as we44 do, something of the particularity of these44 painted faces, we are able to enjoy all the44 better what it is certainly important we44 should appreciate, if we are truly to ap=44 preciate our puppets. This is nothing less44 than a fantastic, yet a direct, return, to44 the masks of the Greeks: that learned44 artifice by which tragedy and comedy were44 assisted in speaking to the world with the44 universal voice, by this deliberate genera- -44 lislng of emotion. It will be a lesson to44 some of our modern notions; and it may be44 instructive for us to consider that we could44 not give a play of Ibsen's to marionettes,44 but that we could give them the 44 Aga- -44 memnon".&amp; How interesting it is to find Mr Symonsexpressing such views as these, and yet moreso to find him writing as he does in his44 Apology for Puppets" on the subject of themarionette. On the very first page of thisessay he strikes at the roots of one of theworst and most growing evils of the modern*theatre, the personality of the actor whichrenders it impossible to bring a work of artupon the stage. JZ? &amp;44 After seeing a ballet, a farce, and the44 fragment of an opera performed by the at the Costanzi Theatre in44 Rome " he writes, 441 am inclined to askmyself why we require the intervention44 of any less perfect medium between the44 meaning of a piece, as the author conceived44 it, and that other meaning which it derives44 from our reception of it. &amp; &amp;" The living actor, even when he conde44 cends to subordinate himself to the*4 requirements of pantomime, has always44 what he is proud to call his tempe*44 rament; in other words, so much personal44 caprice, which for the most part means44 wilful misunderstanding; and in seeing his44 acting you have to consider this intrusive44 little personality of his as well as the44 author's." &amp; &amp;As he is painted, so will he smile;as the wires lift or lower his hands,so will his gestures be; and he willdance when his legs are set in motion.44 The marionette may be relied upon. He will44 respond to an indication without reserve44 or revolt; an error on his part (we are all44 human) will certainly be the fault of the au- -44 thor; he can be trained to perfection... Abo*44 all, for we need it above all, let the ma- -44 rionettes remind us that the art of the44 theatre should be beautiful first, and then44 indeed what you will afterwards. Gesture44 on the stage is the equivalent of rhythm44 in verse, and it can convey, as a perfect44 rhythm should, not a little of the inner44 meaning of words, a meaning perhaps44 more latent in things'Does not gesture indeed make emotion,44 more certainly and more immediately than44 emotion makes gesture? You may feel that„ you may suppress emotion: but assume a44 smile, lifted eyebrows, a clenched fist, and4' it is impossible for you not to assume44 along with the gesture, if but for a mo- -44 ment, the emotion to which that gesture44 corresponds. &amp; &amp; &amp; In our marionettes, then, we get perso*44 nified gesture and the gesture, like all44 other forms of emotion, generalised. The44 appeal in what seems to you these childish44 manoeuvres is to a finer, because to a more44 intimately poetic, sense of things than the44 merely rationalistic appeal of very modern44 plays. If at times we laugh, it is with won*44 der at seeing humanity so gay, heroic and44 untiring. There is the romantic suggestion 44 of magic in this beauty. &amp; &amp; JZ?44 Maeterlinck wrote on the title=page of one44 of his volumes 44 Drames pour marionettes,"44 no doubt to intimate his sense of the sym=&gt;* bolic value, in the interpretation of a pror*4 found inner meaning of that external nullity44 which the marionette by its very nature44 emphasises. And so I find my puppets,44 where the extremes meet, ready to inter*44 pret not only the 4&lt;Agamemnon", but 44La44 Mort de Tintagiles"; for the soul, which44 is to make, we may suppose, the drama ofthe future, is content with as simple a44 mouthpiece as Fate and the great passions,44 which were the classic drama.&amp; When we have more such theatrical criticsas Mr Arthur Symons we shall find in thecritics the friend of the Art of the Theatre,and not the enemy, the hinderer of progress,the upholder of bad work, the supporter offalse estimates and ideals which he too oftenproves himself today.Of course, as we said, Mr Symons is a poet;but then only the poets should be allowedto criticise poets and artists...... which wouldmean a thinning of the ranks,.... and aninestimable benefit to the Art. &lt;£? THE MIND OF THE ARTIST. Thoughts&amp; Sayings collected and arranged by MrsLaurence Binyon. Chatto &amp; Windus.'Jphfs is a very charming book made up ofa collection of the thoughts and sayingsof painters and sculptors on their art andother matters. Leonardo speaks about light;Biake upon earthly fame; Millais takes oathsabout 44 having never consciously placed anidle touch upon canvas"; Ford Maddox Brownhas something to say on the incompletenessof nature; Wangwei tells us of the joys ofpainting in the fifth century, and this iswhat SungTi writes:*&amp; 44 You should choose an old tumble*down44 wall and throw over it a piece of white44 silk. Then morning and evening you should44 gaze at it until at length you can see the44 ruin through the silk,....its prominences, its44 levels, its zigzags and its curvages, storing44 them up in the mind and fixing them in44 the eye. Make the prominences your moun- -44 tains, the lower parts your water, the44 hollows your ravines, the cracks your44 streams, the lighter parts your nearer44 points, the darker parts your distant points. " Get all these thoroughly into you, and"soon you will see men, birds, plants and"trees, flying and moving among them. You" may then apply your brush according to" your fancy, and the result will be of" Heaven, not of men." To which the obviousreply of the modern critic is " How veryeccentricl"^jg? The London critic of course knows quitewell that only if the artist purchases a studioIn St. John's Wood and fits It up with bric- a-brac and easels and canvases prepared byRoberson &amp; Son, and starts work at 8 in themorning until 12, and then reads his pressnotices, has a nice afternoon tea, goes outto dinner to Lady Thingmebobs, and thento bed, postponing the painting of landscapesuntil he can get down to a spot like Win- dermere, on a rainy day, or Haddon Hall inAutumn,.... the critic knows perfectly wellthis is the only real way to paint, this isthe only honourable way for the artist to act.What has an old tumble-down wall with apiece of white silk over it to do with art,painting, or imagination ? Why, it is prepo- sterous 1 &amp;&amp; And yet see what Leonardo da Vinci sayson the same page:- " By looking attentively" at old walls or stones and veined marble" of various colours, you may fancy that you"see in them several compositions.... land- " scapes, battles, figures in quick motion,"strange countenances and dresses, as well" as an infinity of other objects. By these" confused lines inventive genius is excited"to new exertions." &amp;But what can these two masters knowabout painting beside the more profoundthinkers in London ?&amp; Mrs. Laurence Binyon is a very nice ladyto have collected these thoughts and sayings.She has done something far more thanuseful. &amp; &amp; "THE LOST CABIN MINE." byFrederick Niven. (John Lane &amp;Co.)'Jphis is a very good story with a lot of kil- ling in it, but it Is not the goodness ofthe book about which we can write so muchas the awfulness of the cover. &amp;The cover is the most disgraceful thingthat has been seen for a long time. Vulgarcolouring, bad lettering, a conventional ideaof all that is horrid in effect, a potboiler by one who has no need to boil pots.But there Is something even more dreadfulthan the design and that is the initials in the corner. The initials are G. R. and standfor Graham Robertson. It is nothing short ofdreadful that so wealthy a man as GrahamRobertson, a man reported to have the finestcollection of the original drawings of Win.Blake, should go in for the vulgar art of potboiling. £? ■&amp; £&gt;In designing this cover what has Mr.Graham Robertson been guilty of ? First hemay be said to have filched L. 3.0.0. from thepocket of a professional book-cover designerand perhaps a man of talent, for if Mr.Robertson had not been so ready to comeforward with a pot boiler Mr. the youngprofessional book-cover designer, would haveto have made if, and being for Mr. JohnLane, whose book covers were once socharming and distinguished, the designerwould have had a chance. &amp; &amp;£? Then the second thing that Mr. GrahamRobertson is guilty of Is actually copyingthe type of book cover which the other youngfellow would have been sure to have avoided.The cloth is a sickly kind of bluegreen. The third thing that Mr. Robertson doesis to forget to apologize for it. He lets theawful thing go out to the public without aword of regret. &amp;Heaven knows how many thousands ayear Mr. Graham Robertson is credited with,but it seems hardly any excuse for acting insuch a manner.JZ? And he seems to be setting a fashionHe recently had a sort of fairy play on inLondon In which amateurs were performinginstead of professionals. This may be all rightfor the well established professional actorswho can take care of themselves, but it Is avery bad precedent to establish where thepoorer members are concerned. Thus the ex- pert is pushed aside and the amateur flouri- shes. And the worst of it is that the amate- urs are rather proud of themselves for havingto do this, and if one of them happens to be amillionaire he is immensely proud of himself,expecially, it seems, if he can do somebodyelse out of a job. &amp; &amp; &amp;Can Mr. Robertson be ignorant of thefact that what we say is literally the truth ICan he be aware that some young fellow towhom L. 3,0.0 is a very Important matter hashad that L. 3.0.0 taken away from him by aman who has possibly from L. 10,000.0.0. toL. 20,000.0.0 a year ? It matters not whetherRobertson is paid or not:... the other fellowisn't. 4* If Mr, Robertson had done an exquisitecover all would be well. The author wouldhave been done credit to; the publishers aiso;the public would have had a beautiful designfor their money; the young man would havehad a high standard to set him an example;and Mr. Robertson would have had somesatisfaction. As it is everybody is the loser,and none loses so much as Mr. Robertson.&amp; Mr. Robertson approves of the principleof pot boiling and thereby loses the esteemof artists. &amp;&amp;&amp;?&amp;£? THE MAGNIFICENT MUMMER byHorace Wyndham. F. V. White and Co.//- net.'Jphis little book of " Reflections on theTwentieth Century Stage " contains chap- ters on the Actor-Manager, Theatrical Jour- nalism, Theatrical Novelists, Musical Comedy,Critics and Criticism, and various othersubjects relating to the modern theatre.We have already in earlier numbers ofThe Mask drawn attention to the absurd andtrivial paragraphs of " uninforming infor- mation " about actors and actresses whichfill the columns of theatrical and societypapers and are glad to see Mr Wyndhamholding this same folly up to ridicule. &amp;&amp; We wish that more actors took thesensible view which he quotes as expressedby Mr H.B. Irving, "An actor should never" let himself be beguiled into the belief that" society, generally speaking, is seriously" interested In what he does but we fearthat the majority hold an entirely oppositeview &amp;This seems to us a pity, for as in "Alicein Wonderland " the Duchess ' s baby " madea dreadfully ugly child " but " a ratherhandsome pig ", so, vice versa, a very goodactor may make a rather poor society man.Indeed, it was a discriminating member ofthe theatrical profession who said, " of late" years it has been the aim and object of cer- " tain actors to get into society..... once let" society get the upper hand, and the actor" develops into a snob of the most pronoun- " ced order." The clever actor, however, knows how toavoid both extremes; he is just as simple asany other artist, and wins respect for the artwith which he is associated by being entirelyunassuming off the stage. £? &amp; A JUSTIFICATION OF THECENSORSHIP OF PLAYS. Heine- mann. 6d'Jphis is a poor pamphlet by an anonymouswriter but is presented to us by MrGalsworthy in a " Prefatory Note " in whichhe declares it to be so far as he can discern,"flawless in logic" &amp; &amp;We could point on page 17 to at least onegrave flaw in the mental attitude of a writerwho can see any analogy between Politicsand the Drama and can question whetherthere exist " essential difference betweenthe Drama and this branch of the publicservice". We should have thought was therewas no question. &amp;However, now the Censorship discussion Isover, the matter settled, and this pamphlet,with much other similar matter called forthby the controversy, will sink into thatquiet oblivion from which only associationwith Mr Galsworthy's name lifted it, butwhich it well deserves.. MAKESHIFTS and Other Short Plays, byGertrude Robins. Werner Laurie. 2/6 net.little volume contains five short playssuitable as " Curtain-raisers ", of whichthe first, which gives its name to the book,has already been successfully played at theCoronet Theatre. Miss Robins displays obser- vation, versatility, and humour, and thiscollection will doubtless be welcomed bymany amateurs on the look-out for shortplays for which not too many actors arerequired. &amp; &amp; &amp; THE VALLEY OF SHADO WS by FrancisGrierson. Constable. 6j- net.jy|r Grierson is already known to us as theauthor of " Modern Mysticism " and "TheCeltic Temperament" of which latter booka poet once wrote, " He has in his bettermoments that most rare gift of casting cer- tain shafts, or a light, simple and decisive,upon some of the most difficult, obscure andunlooked for points in Art, Morality andPsychology, " adding that Mr Grierson ' sessays are among the most subtle and themost substantial known to him.JZ? In the present volume the author hasbroken fresh ground, turning to Illinois in thedays of Abraham Lincoln and throwing a newlight upon American Puritanism, lendingromance to It by the charm and distinctionof his style.But the chapter which stands out for us as the most interesting is that descriptive ofthe Dance of Death,... one of those strangeceremonies found among all primitive peoplesand yet surviving in certain races; ceremonialswhich correspond with those religious ritesin which the theatre in all lands has hadits origin.&amp; 44A11 the preparations" writes Mr Grierson,44 had been made beforehand, and things44 went as by clockwork. Far out on the plains44 a long row of flickering lights could be seen.44 At last the Indians arrived at the dancing44 grounds, carrying small torches made of44 pine knots, and gathered in a huge circle,44 without noise or confusion, as if each Indian44 had rehearsed the scene scores of times and44 knew the exact position to take." Disguisedas wolves, bears and buffalos, groups of In- dians then executed a strange rhythmic dan- -4 4 ce, moving in perfect order three stepsforward, then one step in retreat, repeatingthis again and again all the animalskeeping silence." And, he adds, 44 All whohad eyes could understand for themselves."Perfect preparation, perfect order, perfectsilence; these threo things characterised theperformance,... a performance so direct inits appeal,so complete in its symbolism thatwithout any use of the spoken word 44 allwho had eyes could understand for them- selves" . &amp; &amp; &amp; HISTORY OF THEATRICAL ART by DrKarl Mantzius, Duckworth.latest volume of Karl Mantzius's Historyof Theatrical Art is as good as his first,although the great actors of the i6th centuryA. D. are hardly so interesting a topic as thegreat dramatists of the fourth century B. C.The first part of the book is more or lessnew to English readers. &amp; &amp;It is a queer story, this of the Germanactors and their travelling companies, andthere is something very interesting about It.£* Ekhof,.... Schroeder,... Iffland; theircareers are undoubtedly of interest, and it isonly the quarrels between the actors andactresses, of which there are plenty recordedin the three lives, which are uninteresting.Lack of money and conceit seem to havegiven rise to most of these quarrels and thesame story goes on and on right through thehistory of the French and English schools ofthis period. &lt;&amp;&amp;&amp;&lt;&amp;&amp; Adrienne Lecouvre, Betterton, Cibber,Garrick, it is the same thing; one long inces- sant squabble about nothing. One wonderswhether at some later date the record ofSlenr3' Irving' s period will contain the sameidiotic history of differences. We hardly thinkso, at least not on the score of money, forIrving was shrewder than all these otheractors in that, before employing anybody, hefirst purchased them. The necessity for thisis not creditable to those who enter theprofession but it is none the less horriblytrue.&amp; There was no training school for theactors who wished to enter Irving's theatreand therefore any beginner wishing to enterIrving's school would have to be prepared toput himself entirely at the mercy of Irving'smethod and perhaps six out of three hundredof those that must have been with Irvingcould have understood anything of what thatmethod stood for. &amp;Mr Granville Barker has been saying latelythat Irving left no school of acting behindhim. If this is the case it was the fault ofthe pupils, for Irving' s teaching was purelyby suggestion and presupposed receptiveability. Even so, for those who take thetrouble to enquire, it can be ascertained thata school has been created by this actor.Ekhof, Schroeder and Iffland certainly neverleft such schools; Betterton, Cibber, Garrick?we doubt if they did either, and this bookby Dr Mantzius makes it rather plainer. Infact they belonged to a school, the old- fashioned school, from which they broke awaynow and then in timid little bursts, whereasIrving may one day be recognised as having,✓by suggestion, been instrumental in foundingthe great school of acting of the future. WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE byDr Wallace, Harper's MagazineMarch 1910,Jn our opinion the Shakespeare Discoveriesmade by Dr Wallace and given to us forthe first time In Harper's Monthly Magazineare interesting because, as the discoverersays, 44 the documents have lifted the veil44 for a moment and shown us a man among44 men, whom we call poet and seer and know44 as friend ". But at the same time we feelthat it needed a poet to make the intro- duction, and Dr Wallace Is not even a poetin prose.The occasion was worthy of somethingless drily sentimental and moreWe think that had we been clever enough to have discovered these documents we shouldhave felt impelled before publishing them tolay the facts before the first English poet ofour day as being the man whom it wouldmost delight to get the first glimpse of themaster poet, and as also being the one manmost surely entitled to that first glimpse.^?Imagine the pleasure which Keats orSwinburne would have received from such avisit! Either of these poets would have sungfor joy, and we should thereby have had thenews heralded by the right man in theright way. &amp;Dr Wallace's legal right to introduce thediscovery is indisputable, but the introductionis not up to the man whose hand he offersus. Only poetry could have done full justiceto the occasion, and so, alas, the receptionto which we were invited may be said to havegone off with a fizzle.If anyone else discovers anything as inte- resting about Shakespeare we hope hewill introduce it to the world with just alittle more dash. None the less, Dr Wallacecommands our admiration because of hisextraordinary capacity for taking so muchpains to find these documents, and he canjustly feel as pleased as Punch about it all. MAURICE MAETERLINCK par GerardHarry &amp;CAMILLE LEMONNIBR par Maurice desOmbiaux. Charles Carrington. Brussels.Frs 2, 50.jfyjr Charles Carrington is to be congratula- ted on his happy idea in Initiating thisseries of monographs on the French writersof Belgium, of which series the above-namedvolumes are the two first to be published.Among those shortly to follow are studiesof the life and work of Emile Verhaeren,Edmond Pacard, Georges Eckhoud, AlbertGiraud, and about forty other Belgian writersof prose and poetry whom the Editor in hispreface fells us that he hopes to include inthe series. &amp;&amp; These monographs will form a valuableaddition to the libraries of all those interestedin contemporary European literature, for,with the exception of Maeterlinck, theseBelgian writers are too little known toEnglish readers. Of this last-named writer M.Gerard Harry gives us an interesting study,(i) and both volumes are well printed and il- lustrated, and bear the stamp of that affec- tionate care and craftsmanship which distin- guishes all books issuing from the St. Ca- therine's Press at Bruges and bearingMr Carrington's name. (1) An article relating to certain passages in this book will befound on pg 178 of the present number of The Mask. Ed: FOREIGN NOTES L O N D ON ''jphere are lots of reports going about hereconcerning Mr. Frohman's Repertory Thea- tre the reports are probably quite untrue;still, they are wonderfully like Mr. Frohman...wonderfully. &amp;&amp; It is rumoured that Mr. Frohman hasemployed Messrs. Shaw, Barrie and Barker toset the ball arolling, and that his wealth, (ofcourse we mean the wealth of Mr. Frohman,)has turned, literally turned their heads; theydo not know what to do with it, and so theyhave set themselves to think of every con- ceivable means by which they can run up theexpenses.&amp; Report has it that they have hit upon anexcellent plan; which is to engage the artistswhose prices are prohibitive, and then to givethem more or less nothing to do. Report,indeed, has it that the men whom they areafter are not actors at all; it is said, for in- stance, that a very celebrated Actor Managerhas been offered a part in one of Mr. Barrie'splays, the part of a business man, and thatthe talented Mr. Wilhelm, whose executeddesigns for costumes have won him suchwell-deserved celebrity, is to be engaged forthe part of a shop-walker in a millinery stores.You see the connection, ... millinery .. .costumes ... most realistic! &amp; What was the role destined for Mr. GordonCraig has not yet been ascertained, but wepresume that the offer to him of a part inMr. Barker's new play was based on the sameprinciple.... it must have been the part ofa Stage Manager that he was to have played.And yet it is quite a curious innovation,this, for we all know that Mr. Craig, althoughhe has been an actor that he might pass from that on to the other side of the theatre,has not acted for ten or twelve years, andwe should be as astounded to see him act aswe should to see Mr. Wilhelm act, or, let ussay, Mr. William Archer or Mr Lloyd George.I suppose that this idea is going to bethoroughly developed by Messrs. Frohman,Barrie, Shaw and Barker. It has undoubtedpossibilities. It may prove the last word inRealism, satisfying even those conscientiousspirits who require that everything should beas well as seem to be.I suppose that when these gentlemenrequire to fill the part of a typist they willengage the lady who is writing this paragraphfor me. 1 suppose that any one applyingfor a clerical part will need to satisfy themanagement of his acquaintance with andacceptance of the Thirty Nine Articles, andthat when a Member of Parliament is to berepresented on the stage they will go to theHouse of Commons for one, selecting, for pre- ference, an Irish Member! I suppose whena painter is required they will go to Mr.James Pryde, or they may even aim so highas to go for a Royal Academician; indeed thatwould probably be their cheapest way, butperhaps for that reason it would hardly suitthem, considering they are so keen onspending the Frohman money. £/ &amp;I hear that the gentlemen are very se- rious about this new theatrical move, andthat they have taken greatly to heart therefusal of a famous Admiral ( I will not di- vulge his name) to undertake the smallpart of Cabin Boy in Mr. Barker's new play.Really, they are quite right to take thismatter seriously, and it is quite right to beoffended with the famous Admiral becausehe does not understand the high honour Mr,Barker proposes for him. For what reason doesthe Navy exist except in order to sup- ply the stage with walkers-on ? what is theHouse of Parliament but a nursery for stagesupers ? We all look forward to the daywhen the nobility and dignity of the stageshall be firmly established, and whatbetter way to establish it than the .way cho- sen by Messrs. Shaw, Barker and Barrie?The Irving idea was an ordinary, poorone, after all, by the side of such brilliantideas as those conceived by these threeemployees of Mr. Frohman. The Irving ideawas merely to found a School of Acting, tokeep the theatre in the theatre. The newidea is wider in scope; it is to take the thea- tre out of the theatre,..,, but who shall say44 Lo, behold, the cat is out of the bag " ?A PUPPET PERFORMANCE.interesting revival of the ancient puppetperformances, which one trusts will serveas the fore-runner of many more, was givenon March 7th and Bth in the quaint littleold Clifford' s Inn Hall, the piece chosen forrepresentation being 44 The Prodigious andLamentable History of Dr Johannes Faust."Before the performance Mr. Wicksteedspoke on the subject of the old Germanstreet plays, tracing their influence uponMarlowe in the writing of his 44 Dr Faustus",and showing the reflex influence of this pieceupon the Germans in inspiring other Faustplays, until the legend found its most famouspoet in Goethe. In fact the present translationhad its origin, according to one of those whomade it, In the desire to realise the toydrama that Goethe witnessed as a boy, andafter seeing which, as he tells us in 44Wahrheitund Dichtung", 4the marionette fable of Faustmurmured with many voices in my soul.'£? In the 18th and early 19th centuries themarionette theatre was, as is well known,an institution in Germany, and 44Faust," asplayed in it, was a true folk play, largelyunwritten, varying in form in differentdistricts, but true in its main lines to acommon type. &amp; &amp;On the present occasion the puppets playedtheir parts delightfully, and the four hiddenladies in obedience to whom they moved, MrLeonard Crawshaw who acted as UnseenReader, the translators, stage managers andall those who assisted In this revival areheartily to be congratulated. £/One only wishes that the marionettes,having 4come to town', had not left againquite so quickly, for these wonderful littlepeople are ever welcome, and their stay onthis occasion has been all too short. Let usat least hope that they will return at anearly date. (1) PARIS J de S. jt is announced that M. Rostand has verynearly completed a play on the subject of44 The Stage ". It is a subject which he willbe able to invest with charm, but it is alsoa subject for his irony. No one knows whatthe plot is to be or who will act in it or when it will be produced. One only wonderswhy it is that the road from the farm yardleads straight through into the theatre. Whatshall we get after dogs and cats, cocks andhens?... what Is left? (1) In relation to this performance it is interesting to note MrArthur Symons' description of a performance he witnessed inRome. See Book Reviews. The Mask, pg 180. Ed. LONDON. R. S. Mr Bernard Shaw's Debate,((Misalliance ". rjphis place was reserved for Mr Shaw but hewas unable to accept the invitation. Itwill always be left empty for Mr Shaw In thehope that he may feel urged to honour theMuse at some future &amp; The Art of the Theatre,o thing has been lately heard of the where- abouts of this thing In London. I regretbeing unable to send you any better news. EDITORIAL NOTES Hp he re are those who are In sympathy withthe movement which &lt;4The Mask" has seton foot to create a new theatre, there areothers who are entirely out of sympathywith it. Those who are out of sympathy willin time learn to come round to a moresympathetic point of view. These are by nomeans the worst enemies to the new theatre.It Is the others, the sympathisers, who caneither prove a help or a hindrance to themovement by getting their minds a littleclearer and more confident as to our methods. The other day in London one of theleaders of this movement was a little surprisedto find a very sympathetic supporter askinga strange question. He had taken a piece ofwork to show which was part and parcel ofthe body of this new theatre, and afterhaving shown it the conversation sprangupon the road of theory; questions werepoured In upon him, questions which neededfacts to answer them properly. There he wasdisplaying a very modest piece of work (butcertainly an actual piece of work; no theorybut a thing accomplished), and the deardelightful unpractical person kept urginghim into the unknown. &amp; &amp; &amp;NOW this is very strange, for all the timeevery question was punctuated by anotherquestion, 44 tell me practicallyßut thereis no such thing as telling a person practicallyof a thing which does not exist and it isquite impossible to put into practise a hun- dred things in the space of an hour. On thinking it over one comes to theconclusion that the questioner was theunpractical person and the other the practical,for there was the artist trying by the aid ofhis little piece of work to prove that untilthe next step could be taken it would beimpossible to prove the practicality of thatstep. But, he said, he had full belief that thedirection he was taking was the right direc- tion because all the tests practised led upto that conclusion.The final question of the charming and un»practical one was, 44 after you have got yourtheatre what are you going to put into it ?You speak of a new material, of a new sceneof a new kind of acting, of a new kind ofactor and a new kind of drama; what is goingto be in that drama ?" &amp; &amp;There is obviously no reply to such aquestion as this. Possibly the Creator of theworld knew exactly to a T what the nineteenthcentury would produce, but there are peoplewho doubt that he knew anything of thekind. There are people who believe that thesethings grow, and that they grow in the like- ness of the Creator. &amp;&amp; If this is so then our theatre will grow inthe likeness of its creator and will begin toshow some definite form so soon as thematerials necessary to its creation begin toadhere one to another. &amp;Now probably we shall not be wrong insaying that it takes some time to discovernew material and to unite that material; andto fill it with the divine spirit is either a monstrously difficult thing or as easy asthrowing up a ball, but such a thing asthat must be left to the will of the divine;so far as we know it has never yet failed tomake its appearance in due time, and it iscurious that age after age when it has ap- peared people have failed to be aware of Ituntil it had been with them quite a while.&lt;£? It would be so easy to gull the sympatheticpublic and to amaze the unsympathetic, byproducing a new drama within a year. Theworld is in just the state to receive such afraud and it is for this reason that we donot intend to humour the world. &lt;£? £?Let the others amuse themselves at thatprofitable game. They will be found out intime. Doubtless within the next ten years weshall have a new folk-drama, manufacturedin London, derived from Berlin, Moscow,Krakow and New York: or we shall have anew dumb show, faked in precisely the sameway: or we shall have a religious drama, soappetising, so indigestible.But you who are sympathetic towards usmust not assist this forward by hastilyrushing at our pupils and ourselves anddemanding what this new drama is going tobe. Nobody on earth can know until it is here.Hardly anybody can be aware when it iscoming or how it has come. It will be therein the midst of us before you are aware andwhen you least expect it and it will comethrough practical technical knowledge of thetheatre. All theories will be burnt up by itspresence, all "wise men" will be confoundedby its irrefutable 10gic,... and you knowwhat we mean by its "irrefutable logic"; wemean its beauty. &amp;Then what possible use is it to continueto ask us any further questions about so greata wonder which grows out of nothing andcomes from nowhere? &amp;pollowing upon the successes of "Julia'sBureau " comes a useful innovation in theestablishment of 44 Pecunia ' s Bureau " forcalling up the spirits of dead authors to givejudgement upon the dramatisation of theirb00k5,.... an innovation interesting forus and doubtless of immense relief to adefunct writer who is burning to find somemedium through which to transmit his viewsupon the liberties taken with his works.&lt;£? Indeed, it was quite an enterprising moveon the part of the Editor of the "New Age"(3) to send his 'Mystherynstead' to interview,not Mr Comyns Carr or Mr 11. B. Irving, but the spirit of Robert Louis Stevenson uponthe recent production of 44 Dr Jekyl and MrHyde." jgr &amp;For, after all, who should have a right toexpress an opinion if not the author withwhose work an unpardonable liberty hasbeen taken after his own bodily presencewith its capacity for sturdy resistence hasbeen removed ?We do not wonder that R. L.S. was 44 hostile to the play from his firstmention of it", and we welcome anothersupporter, whether in or out of the body, ofour conviction that works of literature haveno place upon the stage. jg?It is really not to be wondered at that thepassion of the author, who had no body of hisown through which to manifest his feelings,"violently agitated" that of the medium whiletransmitting the story of his wrongs; for isnot anyone justified in feeling outraged whensome busy-body takes upon himself to provideone's bachelor hero with a blind wife, tointroduce a comic charwoman into the story,to corrupt the morals of an " aged andbeautiful gentlemen ", a 44 beloved character44 who in one's own hands had seemed to44 breathe such an innocent and old-world44 kindness of disposition, yet with something44 high, too, as of a well-founded content " ?&amp; Think of finding this blameless personrepresented as a "double-lived, dirty repro- bate of a diplomat married to an unfaithfulwife " ! Even spirits will turn if provoked toofar; and now that Bureaus are being openedto enable them to communicate their opinionsto the Press, we would counsel Mr ComynsCarr and those guilty of similar indiscre- tions to walk warily and not rush in wherethe angelic creators themselves feared, ordid not wish... to tread. &amp; &amp;&amp; R. L. S. strikes us as having expressedhimself very sensibly on the matter when,referring to his book, he said, 441 do not44 think that it can ever be dramatised satis- -44 factoriiy. The story relies on the reader's44 imagination for its effect: the sense of44 mystery is awakened and its curiosity sus- -44 tallied by the fact that the identity of Jekyl" and Hyde is not established until nearly the44 end of the book. A performance, no matter" how clever, leaves nothing to the imagina- -44 tion; it is a literal rendering of the physical44 facts; and it is impossible to pile mystery44 on mystery when both characters are visible44 in one person. The secret is kept in the44 book, but it cannot be kept in the play. "We hope R. L. S, will often revisit "Pecunia's bureau" if he comes to expresshimself so sapiently. Those words, "A perfor- mance, no matter how clever, leaves nothingto the imagination; it is a literal renderingof the physical facts ", sum up very clearlyone of the principal objections to the Intro- duction of masterpieces of literature uponthe stage.&amp; The literary artist expresses himselfthrough one medium, the theatrical throughanother. Each has his own material and hisown technique. The atmosphere, the sense ofmystery, of strange, dim, beautiful and subtlethings which the poet can create by his lovingand joyous use of the words which are hisInstrument cannot be translated on to thestage by limelight, canvas and paint. &amp;Mystery broods within the covers of a book,lurks between the lines; some magic seemsto pass through our eyes to our brain fromthe strange pattern woven on the white paperby those little hieroglyphs which are thesilent symbols of the poet' s thought; butall this is lost when those dim mysterious sug- gestions, that sympathy of the heart of thereader with the heart of the poet, areexchanged for a " literal rendering of physi- cal facts ".^Mr Arthur Symons draws attention tojust this same loss when writing about aperformance of Ibsen's "Lady from theSea": &amp; &amp;" The sea calls to the blood of this woman,"who has married into an inland home; and" the sea-cry, which is the desire of more" abundant life, of unlimited freedom, of an" unknown ecstasy, takes form in a vague" Stranger, who has talked to her of the sea- " birds in a voice like their own, and whose" eyes seem to her to have the green changes" of the sea." It is an admirable symbol, but when a" bearded gentleman with a knapsack on his" back climbs over the garden wall and says," I have come for you; are you coming?" and" then tells the woman that he has read of" her marriage in the newspaper, It seemed" as If the symbol had lost a good deal of" its meaning in the gross act of taking"flesh."Some day the literary men will realisethis and will keep out of the theatre, contentto wander in their own ample fields: at pre- sent it is for them a kind of Tom Tiddler'sground where they are all hustling forhalfpence. jg?It is undoubtedly to their loss and to the loss of their work; but, after all, they arealive and able to take care of themselves;whereas In the case of a dead author, whohas been dragged In against his will whileother hands gather up the percentages wonby his creation,.... material gains which hisspirit fingers can no longer hold, well, all our sympathy is with R. L. S. &amp; MR FROHMAN'S NEW VENTUREmust reserve expression of any opinionas to this new venture until we seewhether those connected with it are in ear- nest or not about that which they haveundertaken. If they are there can fee nothingbut praise for them and our gratitude willknow how to express itself. jg? There seems to be 110 reason why MrFrohman, (given one more chance), shouldnot prove himself to be capable of masteringhis masters. If he remains loyal to Mr Shaw,Mr Barrie and Messrs Barker and Co andbrings his unruly sub-directors to heel,...those sub-directors whose names seem onlyto be known to the " New York DramaticMirror "... he will have proved himself a finefellow and the little indiscretions of hismiddle age will be passd over as thoughthey belonged to his youthful period.And if Mr Shaw, Mr Barrie, and MessrsBarker and Co act loyally towards Mr Froh- man by heroically attempting to bring abreath of fresh poetry Into the play-houseand by barricading the doors against thatancient and commonplace fraud. Realism,they will have proved themselves to be menof sense,... fine sense.... and their efforts afterabout ten years more will begin to tell.jg? We are able to congratulate Mr Shaw ona pretty considerable success already, forhas he not achieved something of his desirein becoming liberated from "the solitarydespotism of his own temperament" ?(i). Byuniting with Mr Frohman, Mr Barrie andMessrs Barker and Co he can become less ofan idiot (vide Mr Shaw's article in " TheMask Volume 2,Page 84) less what Molierebecame when the Comedie cameinto being, less isolated; less what Schillerand Goethe became when they Isolated them- selves from the "discipline of committees". wish to draw attention to an adver- tisement appearing on the outside coverof this number, in the hope that it may bringus some copies of the book advertised for.The book was issued in 1905 and the entiretwo editions were soon sold out. No singlecopy is able to be obtained from the Publishersand in spite of an advertisement which hasappeared in the Publishers' Circular for overa year no copy has been secured.^This fact somewhat does away with thebelief that books on the theatre have no sale.We have often seen it stated by Publishersthat, except for Biographies of Actors, bookson the Theatre are a drug in the market,...that there is no Public for them. We cannotmake this statement agree with the facts ofthis particular case and we are inclined tothink that the publishers might do worsethan to reconsider the matter. For our ownpart we believe that serious works on theTheatre are more and more in demand. Weare on the eve of the most remarkable deve- lopment of the Art of the Theatre that hastaken place since its inception, and thosepublishers who do not realise this should givethe matter their careful consideration.Already a few very important works haveappeared. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; One of the most important is " TheMediaeval Stage " by E. K. Chambers; a mostthorough book published in 1903 at theClarendon Press, Oxford. Another interestingif less scholarly work is Dr Karl Manzius' sHistory of Theatrical Art", the fifth volumeof which has lately appeared and is reviewedelsewhere in our &amp;#-eg? "The Play House and the Play" by PercyMackaye, published by Messrs Macmillan, anddealing with the modern Theatre is anothervaluable book, (1) for it puts so many ques- tions to us which, if not new, have certainlynever before been put so tersely and whichhave never yet been satisfactorily answered.Mr Arthur Symons's works, "Plays, Actingand Music", (a reprint of which is reviewedin this number), and " Studies in SevenArts " (Constable) have an importance whichwill some day be better understood. &lt;£?j? Still, there Is room for many more books©ll this difficult subject, and it must be placedto the credit of Germany that the "foolish"booksellers step in and publish many moreworks on the Theatre than their "angelic"brothers do in England. A new book 011 anyserious subject relating to the Theatre is in(1) Reviewed in The Mask. Oct 1909. Germany welcomed by the public with eager- ness; in fact the German publishers areentirely awake to the presence of the nearfuture, and English publishers would do wellto study, not their methods but theirmadness, which is balanced by plenty ofmethod. &amp;We have often heard it asserted that thePublic Is to blame, that the Public Is asleep,and that in consequence the publishershave to supply It with trash. St does notseem to be realised that the publishers area part of the Public, that they are at onceits servants and its masters and that theirduty is to act as such. &amp;jg? As it is some of them look on the Publicas their paying guest and study how to makeit pay for trash. St is a bad method. Surelyno man in his senses becomes a publisher tomake money. If he has sense he makes moneyby some money-making trade, but the pub- lishing of books is not considered a trade bythe strict business man .. It Is an Interestingand most honourable way of assisting in theGovernment of the Nation. &amp;The publishers have the choice of poisoningor refreshing the minds of thousands of readersand there are a few publishers who make thenobler choice. &amp; &amp; &amp;But for the most part after a few yearsof following what they think is an ideal theydescend to meaner methods and put allthe blame on " The Public&amp; It Is most extraordinary that men, (espe- cially Englishmen) should get tired of workingfor an ideal in their daily labours. This is avery serious fault, this growing tired offighting for an ideal standard in the work towhich one has devoted one's life. It is tanta- mount to admitting that one's life is avalueless thing. The Germans are far lesscontent to give way an inch in such mattersthan we are to give way a mile. We haveseen this too clearly with our own eyes todoubt it, and are of the opinion that thisIdealism of the Germans is going to tell againstus as a nation,.... that it is already tellingagainst us. We are perhaps doing our best, but ourbest has become poorer, has lost its oldposition, since other peoples can find abetter best. &amp; &amp; &amp;''jphere have been always men who have con- sidered that Shakespeare's plays were notfor the stage. Goethe thought so; and in ourown day those more closely connected withthe stage think the same. Thus, four years ago, in " The Art of the Theatre " Mr. GordonCraig wrote, "'Hamlet7 has not the nature"of a stage representation. 'Hamlet' and"the other plays of Shakespeare have so vast" and so complete a form when read, that" they can but lose heavily when presented" to us after having undergone stage treat- " ment. &amp;That they were acted in Shakespeare's" day proves nothing. Had these plays" been made to be acted we should find them" incomplete when we read them. Now, no" one will say that they find 'Hamlet' dull" or incomplete when they read it, yet there" are many who will feel sorry after witnes- " sing a performance of the play; saying 'No," that is not Shakespeare's Hamlet'. When" no further addition can be made so as to" better a work of art, it can be spoken of" as ' finished it is complete. ' Hamlet' was" finished, was complete, when Shakespeare" wrote the last word of his blank verse," and for us to add to it by gesture, scene," costume or dance is to hint that it is" incomplete and therefore needs these addi- " tions.... What then, you ask, should 'Hamlet" never be performed? To what purpose" would it be if I replied, ' Yes'? Hamlet will" go on being performed for some time yet," and the duty of the interpreters is to put" their best work at its service But" the theatre must not for ever rely upon" having a play to perform, but must in time" perform pieces of its own art. "&amp; This opinion expressed by Mr Craig fouryears ago he has since repeated many timesin his writings in " The Mask ", and it Isgood now to see Mr Laurence Irving comingto the same conclusion and expressing suchviews as he has lately done in Apierica onthe subject.It is true that Laurence Irving, GordonCraig and Goethe look at the matter fromdifferent points of view, but they all threecome to the same conclusion. Goethe finds theplays ruined by the theatre; Irving finds thetheatre ruined by the plays; and Craig findsboth play and theatre ruined each by theother. If, as The Mask has often suggested, itwere to be proposed that all plays weredetrimental to the theatre and its art, andthe theatre very detrimental to all plays,what an outcry there would be. Yet sooneror later this must be the verdict passed uponthe absurd traffic between playwright andstage manager. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;By " sooner or later" we really meanlater; for it is not to be supposed that ina couple of years or in a score of years anysuch verdict can be arrived at. &amp;The worst of The Mask is, (and here weconfess it with the deepest regret), thatsome youngsters reading its columns andimagining that they are heaven- sent genius- es, and fooling themselves that genius dropsdown from heaven instead of being built upslowly on earth, will rush into this dangerof haste and so exterminate themselves andbring discredit to the art which they are sup- posed to respect. They will make rash inno- vations, building upon the old artificialitywithout foundations and without form. Yetit is better to run even this risk than sitsilently and in idleness leaving present thingsto take their course. &amp; &amp;The public is, after all, a discerning mon- ster, and may be left to forward in its ownparticular way the Renaissance when thedue time for it is come. JZ? JZ?&amp; " How long do you think it will take? "asked an enquirer the other day of one ofthe leaders of the movement, who repliedthat he thought about two hundred years."So long as that"? We are inclined tothink quite as long, only we do not mea- sure time in precisely the same way asothers. Indeed, the measurement of time mustalways be a relative thing, for to people of onetemperament a year would be the equivalentof twenty years while to others twenty yearswould be as long as a hundred. &amp;Therefore, to curb rashness yet preventdespair we would urge those who are opti- mistic and think the trick can be done in atwinkling of an eye to allow thirty or fortyyears for the miracle; those who are despai- ring and pessimistic to allow it five years,and perhaps by this means some better senseof perspective and some juster sense of pro- portion will come to rule. &amp; &amp;Frederick Whelen is one of the excep- tional business men who for somereason or other quite unknown to everyoneconnects himself with the theatre and lendsdistinction to a hitherto very undistinguishedbranch of the stage... .the business side. Hehas never yet had his opportunity to showhis capacity although he has originated orbeen connected with many interesting move- ments in the London theatre. &lt;£? &amp; There was the Stage Society, once upona time, and to those who know the difflcul- ties attached to such an enterprise it has beenclear all along that of those associated withthe work, whether as dramatist, actor ormember of the committee, the most valuablewas Mr Whelen. One felt that if only therehad been any one man of taste, rich enoughin ideas, whether he had been dramatist, actoror stage manager, connected with the StageSociety, and with a definite plan in his head,Mr Whelen was the man of sense, (commonsense in distinction to the finer senses) whocould see to it that there should be no failureof public acceptance. But as that man didnot appear the Stage Society is what it isand Mr Whelen has won some experiencebut nothing else. &amp; &amp; &amp;And now the Opera Society has been formed,a new Society to provide an organisationcapable of dealing with any opportunities thatmay present themselves or be created, for theproduction in London of (i) original EnglishOperas, (2) Foreign Operas of distinction (3)Operas refused by the censor but which in thejudgement of the committee should not to beprohibited on the English stage, jg/ &amp;This sounds very admirable, all except thepassage about the Censor, which seems tosome of us ridiculous, However, that does notconcern us for the moment though the com- mittee expresses a hope that Strauss'bannedOpera, "Salome," will be the first productionunder the Aegis of the Society. &lt;£?Why the committee puts as the Society'sfirst reason for existence the production oforiginal English opera and then hopes thatthe first production will be " Salome" israther difficult to understand. On studyingthe announcement one sees the same hesita- tion which branded the Stage Society. Theyhave no programme, they have no singlenessof idea. &amp; How will they get certain masters ofEnglish music to connect their names andtheir work with a society which starts offwith the nonsensical "Salome" by Dr RichardStrauss? The committees of such societies inEngland always labour under a grave misap- prehension, which is that artists will associatethemselves with any society provided it willbring them into public notice: that they willdo anything to get their works heard or seen.&amp; If this committe, which met at LordHoward de Walden's house in Belgravia, hadannounced the names of a few Englishcomposers and had also announced the inten- tion of producing nothing but English works,even as in Germany with some wealthy young man's assistance societies are formed toproduce nothing but German works, it wouldhave been more politic and more us? A German society which proposed to inau- gurate its programme by giving a foreignwork would be laughed out of existence anddoomed to oblivion from the day the announ- cement was made. What is it which makesus in England so unfortunate in this respect?However, things are improving in Londonand there is a large section of the Englishnation today that expresses*itself quite plainlyon the principle of foisting on them bad workunder a pretentious name.For example, to judge from some of thejournals and a certain sleepy section of thepublic, one would imagine that the " BlueBird" was a great success. It was not. It wasa great failure, a very great failure indeed.You have only to speak of it to the poets, pain- ters, and best known critics and leading menIn other branches of art and science for themto express in very definite terms their abhor- rence of the whole production. •£?It was an artistic failure. Commercially itmay be a great success, but this has yet tobe The general feeling is, what can a manlike Mr Trench do who, at the commence- ment, cripples his resources by having to payannually a rent L. 10,000.0.0 especially for histheatre? The taking of the Haymarket is aconcession to snobbery. He buys the goldencage and then looks for the Blue Bird, andas he knows the " Blue Bird " he ought toknow that only black birds, brown birds andother birds can be found. As to the realBlue Bird, no amount of golden cages willprove a lure. There again, in producing the"Blue Bird" in the first year of his manage- ment, this manager who is supposed to standfor the advancement of the stage proves theweakness of his programme. &amp;&lt;£* Is not Mr Yeats alive, and are not all thefairies his friends ? Is not Mr Binyon aliveand Mr Barrie ?It is always the same with these societiesor new movements. They protest they are*founded in the cause of Art and they arefounded in the cause of something else, either for commerce or for social reform orthrough the vanity of some seeker for publicnotice. And so, alas, they can do no goodwhatever. They only make it more difficultfor the public to discern real from falsediamonds. &amp; &amp;&amp; But perhaps some day Mr Whelen will wake up more thoroughly to the situation,avoiding the amateurishness of societies onthe one hand and the snobbishness of profes- sionalism on the other, allying his capabilitiesas managing director to something moreworthy of his metal, to something a little lesscheap. &amp; &amp;His association with Sir Herbert Tree isanother matter. The Head of a profession isalways a thing apart. Like the President ofthe Royal Academy Sir Herbert Tree acts upona higher and more wonderful stage than anyof those made of mere boards and trestles.&amp; This last passage in a flawless EditorialNote is both its weakest and its strongest!everybody will feel this. . . But whatcan we do when we have no desire to giveoffence .... ? £?|n the last number of The Mask it was sta- ted that this number would contain fur- ther information about Mr Gordon Craig'sScene for the Poetic Drama which will beused in his forthcoming production of44 Hamlet" in Moscow and which Miss EllenTerry and the Directors of the Irish NationalTheatre are also preparing to use for va- rious pieces. &amp; &amp; &amp;The material relating to this Scene has,however, proved so abundant and so Inte- resting that, rather than treat of it brieflyand insuffiently in this number, we havewished to defer writing about it furtheruntil we can do so more fully. Indeed, a bookupon this subject is now in preparation andfurther details about this will be givenin an early number of The Mask. &amp; &amp;Jn addition to this book about Mr Craig'sinvention, ail students of the Art of theTheatre will be interested to learn that twobooks by himself are to be published thisyear In St Petersberg, one of which will bean edition of 44 Hamlet " illustrated and an- notated by Mr Craig.This volume, which will be superbly printed,will appear next autumn simultaneously withhis production of the play at the MoscowArt Theatre, and cannot but be of the greatestvalue to all stage managers, actors andtheatrical students as setting forth, by meansof both designs and notes, Mr Craig'smethods in the interpretation of a Shakes- pearean play. &amp; &amp; &amp;one ever realises the value of criticismuntil he begins to criticise; then it is toolate to reform. &amp; If at the tender age of two or four we could understand what on earth our elders, betters,wlsers, and all the bigger folk are talking tous about, and why on earth they are talkingso much, we should act far better than bysquealing, upsetting the soup and the house,and turning the world Into a joke. If only we could do it! 44 We will be good!(squeak,) we won't never do it again, (howl)N0... no, (whine), Yessss (yelp) Ohhhhh!!!"and all without having understood wherein we have erred and without the advantageof yet knowing that apt quotation, 44 To erris human, to forgive divine ". &amp; &amp;■£? We think that seldom have we risen toheights of fancy as in what we have justwritten! We are tempted to continue thestrain, fading at last to something concer- ning the connection of married persons withthe Art of the Theatre. But then we shouldbe misunderstood, and we have no desire tobe so great as that. &amp; &amp;&amp; Our wish is merely to acknowledge thatwe are aware of the value of criticism, theoretically it is priceless, practically it isnot worth a farthing. &amp; &amp;We often fall into criticism ourselves. Of whatvalue is It ? None. The bright boys whom welash with the tongue angelic are utterly in- capable of understanding what we mean. They44 will be good " they promise, but they can'tbe good, so the promise is worthless. &amp;&amp; But, as we have said, we wish to acknow- ledge that we understand that theoreticallycriticism is of great value, and to proposethat we should make a trial on ourselves tosee whether it cannot also become practical.&amp; We have been criticised, and we want tounderstand, and then to do better next time.The Pall Mall Gazette has taken us to taskand we will submit ourselves (as befits ouryears,...our two years) to the superior intel- ligence of our tutor.&amp; This sounds just a little too humble, butafter all It is the best mood to be in! We couldbrazen it out, you know. We could, forinstance, refer our tutor the 44Pa11 Mall" tothe 44 Westminster Gazette, " which says weare a vastly entertaining youngster; or wemight even turn to an earlier number of thePall Mall itself and quote its own words, whichrun exactly like this: 44There is not a page init which is not interesting and stimulatingin a fine way." &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Or we might say peevishly that we don'tvalue London criticism, and that the Floren- tine criticism in "The Herald" is good enoughfor us, especially when the writer is so talented a man as its Editor, Mr AlgarThorold.Jo? However we are not dealing with uniquecriticism but only with ordinary criticism,and it is the ordinary switch that tells .. Someday the distinguished Editor of the "FlorenceHerald " will sink into the chair of some or- dinary rag like 44 The Times .... we meanno offence, we only wish to draw a distinction... .and then we shall be without pleasurablecriticism.&amp; But to the point. &amp;&amp; We have had a smart rap over the knucklesfrom H. M. W., our tutor on the "Pall MallGazette". &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; We thought we were doing rather well,but he tells us we are doing very ill. He saysthat we are "far too much occupied with oldmatter or dull matter"; that the old matterby Schlegel, Godwin, Gilbert hBecket and Vecellio is far too old or not oldenough,.... (we are a little vague which hemeans, for Vecellio is s6th century, Schlegellate ißth century and the rest 19th century.)He then tells us that the Gordon Craig Dia- logue is "du11"... "appallingly dull" he says,bless him. 45? &amp;jp Nov/ we had thought over this matter ofreprinting old matter for quite a long time andw© also considered as long as possible whetherMrGordon Craig was to be relied upon to writefor us anything at all likely to be appreciatedby our readers. And we decided that boththe old masters and the new masters werevastly better worth listening to than anynumber of those 44 able men and women"who have mastered nothing but the ears ofa few editors. But it appears we were wrong.The age of our journal is but two brief andhappy years and it is quite likely that we arcwrong. Mr H. M. W. of the Pall Mall suggeststhe remedy; he tells us that as 44 the aims andtemper of The Mask are so fine" (we ratherlike that passage) 44 there must be scores ofable men and women who would be only toohappy" (a heavenly passage!) 44 to write forit honoris causa" &amp;This is certainly a happy idea: a score (wedo not look for scores) of able men and womenready to write brilliantly upon the Art of theTheatre so that our tutor may smile. &amp;We turn to our pages of contents and wefind, ah?... exactly a score! Mr John Balance,Mr Jan van Holt, Mr Allen Carrie, Mr Alex- ander Hevesi, Mr Schildenfeld Schiller, MrGunnar Castren, Mr Furst; Mr GrahamRobertson, Sir H. Beerbohm Tree, SignerSalvini, Mr Willem Rooyards, Mr Klaassen, Mr Percy Mackaye, Mr Bernard Shaw, MrMartin Harvey, Mr E. F. Spence, Mr HerbertTrench, Mr W. Pritchard Eaton, Miss D. Nevil©Lees, Miss Ellen Terry, Mr Edward Hutton,Mr George Norman, Mr Paul Cooper, (alas,we are running into two score!) Mr SidneyGrundy, M. Antoine, Mr Arthur Symons, MissLoie Fuller, M. Andr6 Beaunier, Mr HaldaneMacfall, Madame Yvette Guilbert, M. Duques- nel, Mr Horace Wyndham, Herr Hugo vonHofmannsthal, Mr Gordon Craig and the pre- sent writer,... very nearly two score. Is itpossible? We did not realise that we had somany friends.&amp; What are we to say to our tutor? Let usbehave ourselves, and let us ask him foranother score. That, and that only, is ouranswer.Now, have we taken his lecture in theright way ? Don ' t you think there is hopefor us ? Say you are pleased with us, Mr H.Mo W., and send, oh send, the names of onescore of "able men and women" without delay!And next time attack Mr Allen Carrie, MrJohn Balance, Mr Adolf Furst or even theoccupant of the editorial chair; but don't,don't say that Mr Gordon Craig's essays are64 appallingly dull"! For he it is who hasprevailed over us to treat our good, ourlearned tutor with tolerance; he it is whoagrees with you though in vain you attemptto disagree with him, and ...... all this makessuch a difference you know. &amp; (1) The New Age. Feb. 10. 1910, (1) As it is far from our intention to offend we make use ofMr Shaw's own words and use them in the same connection asdid Mr Shaw himself in The Mask, October 1909. And thoughwe congratulate Mr Shaw as we should congratulate any manwho gets his own way we cannot congratulate any one else; forMr Shaw was something while he was isolated, whereas he is so- mething else now that he is under the thumb of a committee. TO OUR READERS J. S. W«th this number The Mask com- pletes its second volume,and we arehappy to be able to repeat what we sa- id at the conclusion of the first,....First, that whereas most people de- clared in the beginning that such a jour- nal could not live three months, it hasnow lived and flourishd for two years,and will continue to live as long as wewish: second, that another year's expe- rience has but proved afresh that TheMask has many true friends, all of whomwe thank from our heart,.... the sub- scribers, the contributors and the cri- tics, and third, that we shall try to do yot better in the coming year. 455■3s*srar*I*eaQ££S£tUSEA»&gt;SWANFOUNTAINPENAND DISCARD ALL ANTIQUATED METHODSFountain pens are Necessities to modern men and women—Shorthand writers especially-who value their time and comfort and saving of expense. The Best Fountain Pen is agreater necessity than any second best.THE "SWAN" FOUNTPENis Best because it has the highest grade gold nib ever put in a fountain pen. It hasa sure feed—by feed we mean an ink conductor and air compensator. Ink is fed to bothsides of the nib, so that the light writer or the heavy hand has the right supply of inkNot these characteristics alone, but—"LE TOUT ENSEMBLE " makes the PERFECT PEN Sold by Stationers and Jewellers Everywhere. INSIST ON "SWAN" IBRANCHES:93, Cheapside, E. C ; 95a, Regent Street W.3, Exchange Street, Manchester.10, Rue Neuve, Brussels.Brentano's, 37, Ave, de l'Opera, Paris.And at New York, Bale, Chicago and Sydney.TMABIE, TODD &amp; CO.("SWAN" Fountpen Makers,)79 &amp; 80, HIGH HOLBORN, LONDON, W. C.PRICES: English:- 10 | 6 - French Fes• 15.00 - Italian - Eire 15.00 upwards.Write for Catalogue, post free.SWAN PEN AL &amp; SON'SOLD FASHIONED FABRICS FORCURTAINS &amp; LOOSE COVERS.t%BB ra 22 /X Wi*. JV HdWt,VJlIf k.Chintzes, Printed Linens &amp; Printed Cottons, Write for, illustrated Booklet 44 M" with photographs &amp; prices.&amp; Son have special materials for CasementCurtains. Booklet 44 K" with small patterns sent postfree.TOTTENHAM COURT ROAD, LONDON Fine Illustrated Edition of&amp; OSCAR WILDES &amp;The Picture of Dorian Grey." Each man sees his own sins In Dorian Gray. What DorianGray's sins are no one knows. He who finds them hasbrought them."— OSCAR WILDE. (ILetter, 9th July,lB9o).Sm. 4to Vol. Pages VI. &amp; 312. Hf. bd. gilt top, with Sevenfull-paged Wood Engravings by PAUL THIRIAT(of Paris)Price 12.s 6d. Net.ALSO A POPULAR EDITIONPages VI. &amp;316. Sm. Bvo. (not illustrated), neat clothbinding. Price 2s. 6d. Net.j* FURTHER, AN EDITION &amp;(Pages YJL &amp; 353)Uniform in Style and Binding with Messrs. Methuen'sFive Shilling Edition of 44 OSCAR WILDE'S WORKS. "Price ss. Net.Published by Charles10. Rue de la Tribune, Brussels, Belgium. ANTONIO FRILLIPURVEYOR TO raIMPERIAL * ROYALFAMILIES # #FLORENCEVia dei Fossi 4(ESTABLISHED i860) MAWARDED PRIZESAT 48 NATIONAL *INTERNATIONALEXHIBITIONSThe largest Establishment of Sculpture inMarble Reproductions from the Antique&amp; Original Works. Portraits. Monuments,Mantels, Pedestals, Garden Seats,Vases Fountains Flower-stands, etc:ESTIMATES GIVEN ON APPLICATIONST tours MOGRAND PRIX19041 TWO YEARS OLD TODAY!With this Number THE MASKcompletes its second volume andits second year of happy life.Those who wish itMANY HAPPY RETURNScan do so in no better way thanby sending us today a post cardauthorising us to enter theirnames or the names theirfriends upon our ofsubscriber's listfor the comingyear.TURN THE PAGE FOR FULL PARTICULARS. THE MASKBOUND VOLUMES.'Jphe first two Volumes of The Mask,March 1908-February 1909, March 1909-April 1910, bound in the best Florentinevellum, may be had at twenty shillings,(Francs 25,00, Marks 20, Dollars 5.) acopy post free, from this office.ARENA GOLDONI, FLORENCE.ITALY. &amp; WANTED &amp; THE ART OF THE THEATRE.(First Dialogue) by Edward GordonCraig. j&amp; j£t &amp;Published by T. N. Foulis &amp; Co, 1905.Publishers of The Mask are pre-pared to purchase any number of co-pies of the above book which they can ob-tain at the original published price. Twoeditions were issued in English. One ingrey paper covers with woodcut in co-lours price iand one in black buckramboards and gold lettering, price 2j6.The Publishers of The Mask.Arena Goldoni, Florence.Italy. TYPEWRITING OFFICE.TRANSLATIONS IN ALL LANGUAGE S.0 0 FLORENCE - Via Vecchietti 6, - FLORENCE. j£&gt; &amp;