Bruno's Weekly 1 10 September 22th, MCMXV naaq_1915-09-22_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 1 10 GETHSEMANE Michael Monahan cre 1 "Sonia," Gigantic Drama with Music, Thursday, Friday and Saturday, at the Little Thimble 1-3 Russian Secret Service Guido Bruno cre 3 Disc Concerts on the Square 4 Toys for Children's Hour 4 Charlotte James at the Thimble Theatre. 4-5 Milligan Place Illustration 5 Greenwich Village Street Names 5 Greenwich Village The Romance of One Night Guido Bruno cre 6-7 Peacocks' Tails D. Molby cre 7 To Clara Tice H. Elliott cre 8 Tears, by Clara Tice Illustration 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 BRUNO'S WEEKLY Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square No. 10 SEPTEMBER 22nd, MCMXV Vol. I Copyright 1915 by Quido SBruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. (to be continued) BRUNO'S WEEKLY. (Continued from last issue) BRUNO'S WEEKLY. (to be continued) BRUNO'S WEEKLY. Bruno's Weekly, edited, written, published by Guido Bruno, at53 Washington Square, New York. Subscription Price $1 yearly. GETHSEMANE Michael Monahan In every man's life pilgrimage, however unblest, there are holyplaces where he is made to feel his kinship with the Divine;where the Heavens bend low his head and angels come andminister unto him.These are the places of sacrifice, the meeting ground of mortaland immortal, the tents of trial wherin are waged the greatspiritual combats of man's life. Here are the tears and agoniesand the bloody sweat of Gethsemane. Happy the man who, look- ing back, can say of himself: "Here, too, was the victory! "Sonia," Gigantic Drama with Music,Thursday, Friday and Saturday, at theLittle Thimble on? of those creations of the human mind, which are inspiredby tremendous elementary occurences, by tragedies that areso gigantic that they are quite outside of the sphere of thefeeling and comprehension of the individual, was submitted toMr. Charles Edison a few days ago: a tune picture which speaksto the ear—like those old canvases in the endless picture galleryin the palace of Versailles, to the eye, where one wall after an- other is filled with nothing but battlefields and military scenes.The shadowy skies and backgrounds, the glaring colors of uni- forms and of the red blood of smitten bodies, the cadavers ofhorses and the glaring of wind-swelled standards, standing outlike the symbol and leitmotif among the new columns of freshtroops marching towards sure death, the bigness of the can- vases, the tragedy of the inevitable fills us with horror, with anunspeakable terror—fills us so completely that we forget pity,disgust, sympathy, and admiration of heroism. We just wantto leave these rooms. We want to leave behind us those grue- some pictures. We want to go out into God's own freedom,back to our quiet homes, back to those that we love.Ellen Svala went through the horrors of the present war.A descendant of an old Hugenot family, born on the banksof the Rhine, her relatives occupying high official positions inthe churches, states and armies of the different countries ofEurope, had, after fifteen months of wandering to France, toHolland, to Germany and from Germany to Belgium and toEngland, one desire: back home, back where there is peace,and people live sanely as twenty centuries of civilization hadtaught them to live. She came to America, to New York. Thepeaceful dreaminess of the Squares, of our residential districts, the healthy busy life and the life of our streets down-town, thefathers who return home to their families every evening, motherswho are taking their children to the schools now at the begin- ning of the school season—all this daily life in our country,free from the barbarous bacillus of hatred, of belligerency,was the contrast which brought about in her a big reaction.She wrote "Sonia," a Wordless Drama, meant to be a giganticspectacular show with its music as main feature. The love ofpeople for their homes, for the customs handed down fromgeneration to generation, and the cloud that hovers abovetheir ' heads and may burst open any day in an all-destroyinghurricane, are pictured in all their beauty and in all theirtragedy.The play is laid in neutral Scandinavia, and the phantom ofterror that hovers menacingly over the heads of all expressedthrough Phantom Reindeer.The reindeer plays in the life of the Scandinavian of the highNorth a very big part; it gives him meat, skin, horn and boneswhich he utilizes and it plays an important part in themythology of the country. The Laplander and_ Esquimauxbelieve today that after their death they enter a spacious Tundra,a sort of an Oasis where they lead in the community of theirreindeer an eternal happy life. Misfortune and disaster arealways predicted by the appearance of a Reindeer Phantom.Around the figure of Sonia, this Northern heroine, is wovena drama which pictures all the wonderful customs of home life,of the Scandinavian people—preserved by them from time im- memorial— customs whose influence has been felt through Cen- tral and Western Europe to this day.The scenes of animal and bird life, as an allegory of thepastime of the peaceful man at home, are in grotesque contrastto the constant fear before this unknown something, this dis- turber of happiness predicted by the reindeer phantom.The curtain rises in a blinding snow-storm. Distant voices,church bells, old Scandinavian folk-songs, people going abouttheir daily life, irresistably humorous happenings, huntingscenes, weddings, play and work—and then the phantom, pre- dicting tragedy and terrifying everybody. .....The end is tragic. But it is the tragedy that ends the livesof all of us: death. And so big, so crushing, so merciless is thisend that we feel its reality, that we feel it is not the end ofa drama that could have been solved in a more pleasant way.It is the end that so many have seen over there in blood- stenched Europe and that hovers above the head of everyoneright now, right here in this our own country.Ellen Svala is the author of many books and she was char- acterized by France's greatest historic painter. Puvis de Chav- anne as, "a help to all who suffer, and an angel to the fallen."A synopsis of this drama with music whose performancewould afford her an orchestra as large as the one in Bayreuthand a chorus as large as the one in Reinhardt's Miracle, inLondon, will be produced in Charles Edison's Little ThimbleTheatre on Thursday, Friday and Saturday of this week. Mr. Conal O'Cuirc Quirke, choirmaster for Reinhardt's Mira- cle, in London, arranged the music of the four acts of the playand it will be as vivid and poignant as the use of pianos andthe limited number of voices will permit.Ellen Svala took active part in the rehearsals and will bepresent at the performances.Miss Kirsten Nielsen and Miss Beatrice Zacharie will singa few of the solos and Mr. Gerald Woodcock Reidy will playthe violin intermezzo while Miss James will assist Mr. Quirkeat the piano. Russian Secret Service Guido Bruno (Scene: Private office in Police Headquarters.)PRESIDENT OF POLICE: If you join our forces anddecide to be a detective instead of a revolutionist, you will befreed immediately! Otherwise you will be hanged today! Yourdeath-warrant is as good as signed.REVOLUTIONIST: All right, I accept!LIEUTENANT OF POLICE (thinking for himself) :I have to report this immediately to the revolutionary com- mittee ! Such a wretched traitor!PRESIDENT OF POLICE: We are offering you 1,000rubles if you betray to us the plots of all the assassinationsplanned at present.POLICE SARGEANT: (thinking for himself): O, Lord:if he only does not betray me!REVOLUTIONIST: They are preparing to kill the villagepriest.POLICE SARGEANT (Thinking) : Blessed be the Lord:he doesn't seem to know anvthing about our plot!REVOLUTIONIST: Dimitri Nicolaitsch was chosen tokill him.POLICEMAN AT THE DOOR: (thinking): He evidentlyknows what he is talking about. The name is correct.REVOLUTIONIST: Everything will be ready tomorrowevening at 8 o'clock. Then the priest will be killed.PRESIDENT'S SECRETARY (thinking) : In yesterday'smeeting we postponed it till the day after tomorrow.PRESIDENT OF POLICE (in terrible rage, to the revolu- tionist) : Ha! Scoundrel! So you are going to betray theplans of our revolution! To hell with you! (He fires ashot without injuring him.)REVOLUTIONIST: Place him under arrest! I am the Sec- retary of Police!A SCRUBBING WOMAN: Then you must die! (Throw- ing herself against his big frame she buries a stiletto in hisheart.)POLICEMAN AT THE DOOR (trying to overpower her) :Nikolisch! What did you do that for! (The house is blowninto the air because the letter-carrier stumbled over a bomb ashe came through the main entrance.) Disc Concerts on the Square A SELECTION of war music of all nations, followed by thepeace songs of all nations will be the program of theDiamond Disc Concerts on Washington Square on Tuesdayand Friday nights at 8:15. The concerts are not only an attrac- tion for the dwellers of Greenwich Village back of WashingtonSquare, but now during these beautiful late summer eveningsthe diners of the old hotels are frequent visitors to the benchesof the finest Square in the world, and are habitues of theconcerts. Toys for Children's Hour THE big children had all the fun connected with the prepara- tions for the coming school year. Those little and bigthings which are essential for the school-bags were purchasedand the serious work in the class-room begun again. Only thelittle ones who are not yet old enough for school are comingdown to the Children's Hour on Wednesday afternoons, whileSaturday sees the old crowd, merry as ever and ready to giveleave to the lure of the rhythm of marches and waltzes and suchmusic as fox-trot and one-step and two-step—rather foreignto the severe old trees on the Square and the dignified facadesof New York's oldest mansions.They have a new friend now, one enthusiast of Charles Edi- son's work in Greenwich Village and one who believes that deedsare better than just praise and appreciation, one who likes tocontribute in his own way to the merriment and to the happi- ness—in many cases the only hours of laughter and of joy—in the lives of those little tots from the tenement houses ofGreenwich Village."Don't mention my name," he said, "Just say_ an Austrianfriend sends these toys and things to the Italian lads andlasses of Greenwich Village." And big dry-goods boxes filledwith the finest playthings and things that would make to beatquicker the heart of every boy and every girl. While the bigboys and the big girls have their books, the small ones' will re- ceive, through the kindness of their Austrian friend, Teddybears and automobiles that run themselves, and animals, anddolls that talk, and rifles and guns and drums and even bri- gades of German and French and English soldiers in glaringcolors.These toys will be distributed among Charles Edison's ownchildren of the Children's Hour on Wednesday, the 29th ofSeptember, at 3:30 in the afternoon, providing the sun willsend his approving rays and it is clear and dry weather. Charlotte James at the Thimble Theatre. MISS CHARLOTTE JAMES is another feature of thisweek's program in Charles Edison's Little ThimbleTheatre, Miss James arrived several days ago from Coloradoand aims ito conclude her musical studies in New York. She is a piano soloist of great promise. While interpretation ofthe great masters is the one object of Miss James' presentstudies, she is trying Ito find a chance to bring her own com- positions before a large public. She will play Thursday, Fri- day and Saturday nights a selection from her own work. Her''improvisations" contain a few strong motives which unmis- takably were conceived out there in that real America of theWest Her "Sea Song" and the "Prelude" and "Fuge in DMinor," by Bach, are other numbers of her program. Milligan Place Greenwich Village Street Names Waverly Place Waverly Place was thus designated in 1833 on the petitionof the owners of the private residences erected at that timeon the north side of Washington Square in honor of Sir WalterScott.The appreciation, for being gratifying, could not be taxedwith undue haste; almost twenty years had passed since"Waverly or Tis Sixty Years Since" had first been published. Bank Street Bank Street dates from the time of the fever epedemic in1822, when numerous wooden buildings were erected here andelsewhere as temporary banks and offices for the use of businessmen.Such was the panic-inspired rapidity with which these struc- tures were raised that an eye-witness told Historian Devoe hesaw corn growing on the corner of Hammond (now WestEleventh) and the Fourth Streets on a Saturday morning andby the following Monday morning Sykes and Niblo had a hous*erected on the spot capable of accommodating 300 boarders, Greenwich Village The Romance of One Night By Guido Bruno "To your apartment?" she seemed shocked. But I didn'tintend to spend any more time in a depot and so I thrust my armunder hers and led her out of the station to a 'bus that waswaiting in front of the main entrance."You trusted me," I said, "with your story, and I will trustyou, take you with me home, and give you a chance to do all thosethings you say you want to do. You mustn't raise the question ofa woman going home with a stranger if you don't want me toraise the question of a man taking home a strange woman. Youknow me just as well as I know you. You told me that youhave money and jewelry, that you belong to the same class asI and all that sort of thing because you wanted me to help you.It might be true and it might not. I don't care. The fact is,you are homeless at present. I am willing to help you and soI place faith in you. But when I start a thing I usually carryit through as I see fit. I was 'game,' as you mentioned in thestart of our conversation. Now isn't it up to you to be game? andyou have to be game because there is no backing out for you.Its mighty dangerous to accost men in New York with propo- sitions as you accosted me and I would not run the risk tolet you try it with another one."It was then that she seemed to realize the severity of thestep she had taken. I felt the hesitation and a little bit ofterror that went through her body, but she was game. Weboarded the top of the 'bus and we were the only passengers.The night was cold but refreshing. We turned into FifthAvenue and that wonderful boulevard lay dead before us. Thetwo long rows of white lights seemed to meet somewhere far,far away. Very few vehicles crossed over to some side-streetsand the footsteps of solitary passersby resounded in the quiet- ness of the night. We passed the church near Twelfth Streetas she spoke to me again. She said, "I do trust you."She trembled just a little bit following me into the unlightedcorridor of the old building that years ago had served as amansion of a respectable family, but was utilized now by theestate of this family as an apartment house. It sheltered manyartists and writers and others who preferred the charm of highceilings and open fireplaces to modern elevators and ice-chests. Ilighted the gas in my sittingroom and the lamp in my coffeepercolator, asked her to take off her coat, but by all means tokeep on her veil.She did not look very comfortable in her evening gown, withhat and veil on her head. She looked grotesque. She was sittingin an armchair, a hand on each arm. I loved her hands. Thewater in the percolator was boiling. I poked the fire in the fire- place."I am the daughter of one of the richest men in this city,"she began, her hands now clasping her knees, and looking into the glistering flames. "I just came from college. I am expectedto be a debutante this season. I saw a little of life, ofcourse, not very much, but just a little more than the averagewell-chaperoned girl you generally see, and I cannot go backto the life I am expected to lead. Silly society chatter, re- ceptions, teas, charity work, and perhaps marry some day a man,after I get tired and bored. And then, to continue to live inthe same fashion until I die? I cannot do it!""Look at my shoes. They cost eighteen dollars. Threesales girls in one of our department stores work for that amountone week. A man slaves from morning until night for that samemoney and supports a wife and children. I had lunch this noonin a tea room. I paid for a cup of tea with some biscuits andjelly, enough to keep a man from starving for a week, and Igave the waitress a tip that would have brought a homelessman tonight a lodging.""I can't enjoy the food I eat, the clothes I wear becauseof all the others who have to do without them. Now I am notsilly, 1 know that if my father would give away all his money anddistribute it among the people, the world would not be much betteroff. There would still be starvation and homeless men andwomen on the streets. The only excuse for us to sit inrestaurants and eat when thousands are hungry, and to wearnice clothes while millions are shabby, is the consciousnessthat we work for the money with which we pay and that the onlydifference between us in a warm and cosy home and thosewretched figures on the park benches, is merely the fact thatwe have had a chance and they did not." Peacocks' Tails By D. Molby. TPHE peacock's tail is designed the way it is just for thepurpose of showing people how much of an impressionit is possible for a tail to make. So far as usefulness is con- cerned, it could be smaller and plainer. And it need not bein the shape of a fan, for it is so heavy he can't work it fastenough to make a breeze. It is made like a fan and the feathersarranged according to length so that all the brilliant parts, andnothing else, will show.Ordinarily the peacock has his tail down, but as soon asanybody comes around making any kind of pretences,—he doesn'tcare who they are or what they have—he puts up his tail andshows them what a fine tail he has. And they stand and lookat it and they remark about it and in their hearts they envyhim. It is tiresome for him to hold the feathers up, but he doesnot mind so long as they look at him. He likes to look at ithimself and sometimes he puts it up just for his own enjoyment.It is not so much the tail that people admire but the peacockhimself because he can have such a good tail. And when thetnil is taken off and put somewhere else it looks out of place.The glory is not there. For the glory is in the peacock whenthe tail is on him and he has it up. To Clara Tice H. Elliott Inspired by her Drawings in Bruno's Weekly.With pantaloons,in gay festoonson figure lithewith spirit blithe—Ah, dear Miss Tice,it is not nicethus to effacetheir rhythmic grace,and make your nudessuch silly prudeswith pantaloons! Tears, by Clara Tice This Week's Performances and ConcertsCharles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, Situatedat No. 10 Fifth Avenue, Greenwich Village,N.Y.C.Quido Bruno, J&amp;CanagerTuesday, 8:00 p. m.Wednesday, 2:00 p. m.Thursday, 8 :15 p. m.Friday,8:00 p. m.8 :15 p. m.Saturday, 2 :00 p. m.rr8 :15 p. m.Disc Concert on the Square.Children's Hour and Disc Concert onthe Square.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Disc Concert on the Square.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Children's Hour and Disc Concert onthe Square.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Ask or write for ticketLittle Thimble Theatreare free of charge.of admission to Theperformances. They