The mask 4 4 April 1912 naau_1912-04_01 The mask 4 4 Untitled Image Illustration 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRATIONS. 2 Sir Henry Irving as "Mephistopleles", by Paul Renouard. (See page 281.) Illustration 6 EPILOGUE. APRIL 1912. 7-8 Untitled Image Illustration 7 Untitled Image Illustration 7 Untitled Image Illustration 7 THE SIBYL TO EDWARD GORDON CRAIG: "ON THE ART OF THE THEATRE". Percy Mackaye cre 9-11 Untitled Image Illustration 9 NAKED WOMEN ON THE STAGE. 12-17 Untitled Image Illustration 17 THE FUTURISTS. 17-21 Untitled Image Illustration 20 HENRY IRVING. A Note. O. p cre 21-22 Untitled Image Illustration 22 JEZABEL. An Unpublished Stony Oscar Wilde cre 23-25 Untitled Image Illustration 23 Untitled Image Illustration 25 THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OF SHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS TWELFTH NIGHT. E.W. Godwin. 1875 cre 26-28 Untitled Image Illustration 26 Untitled Image Illustration 28 A WORD ON SHAKESPEARE, Translated from the Conversations of Goethe as recorded Eckermann, 1822-1833 cre 29 SOME FURTHER DEFINITIONS FROM AN 1825 DICTIONARY Translated by Pierre Ramés cre P. R cre 30-32 Untitled Image Illustration 30 A THEATRE HALL, Described Joseph Furtenbach, 1663, With a Biographical Note upon the Author cre 33-38 Untitled Image Illustration 33 Untitled Image Illustration 38 ON COLOUR IN STAGE SCENERY. Goethe cre From the "Conversations with Hckermann." 1822=1832 cre 38 Untitled Image Illustration 39 SOME NOTES UPON ANCIENT PUPPETS, by "Yorick" with art Introductory Word Translator cre 41-48 Untitled Image Illustration 41 Untitled Image Illustration 48 A CONFESSION OF FAITH Anatole France cre "La Vie Littéraire cre 48 THE DRAMA IN JAPAN Sheko Tsubouchi cre 49-60 Untitled Image Illustration 49 Untitled Image Illustration 60 A WORD ABOUT ART Victor Hugo cre 60-61 Untitled Image Illustration 61 VENETIAN COSTUME Translated from the Book of Cesare Vecellio. 1589. D. Nevile Lees cre 62-64 Untitled Image Illustration 64 Untitled Image Illustration 65 Untitled Image Illustration 67 Untitled Image Illustration 69 Untitled Image Illustration 71 A DISCOURSE UPON RHYTHM. 73-76 Untitled Image Illustration 73 Untitled Image Illustration 76 THE THREE PRINCES OF SALERNO. A Scenario(1) of the Commedia dell'Arte. 77-81 Untitled Image Illustration 77 DOMENICO BIANCOLELLI. A Biographical Note. 82-83; 85 The Actor, Domenico Biancolelli. Illustration 83 Untitled Image Illustration 85 BOOK REVIEWS. 86-95 Untitled Image Illustration 86 PLA YS FOR AN IRISH THE A TRE 86-87 SHAKESPEARE. A STUDY, by 87-88 . AN ACTOR'S NOTE BOOKS 88-89 THE FLIGHT OF THE DRAGON 89-90 JAMES MCNEILL WHISTLER 90 ON THE ART OF THE THEATRE 90-91 MOVING P I C T U RE S, by 91-92 THE S/INIT Y OF ART by Bernard 92-93 BOUGHT BOOKS. 93 A DIGIT OF THE MOON. Price 93-94 ZULE1KA DOBSON by Max 94-95 A HISTORY OF PANTOMIME 95 Untitled Image Illustration 95 THE THEATRE. 96-98 Untitled Image Illustration 96 IN GERMANY, HOLLAND, RUSSIA, ENGLAND AND FRANCE. A Series of Letters from Gordon Craig cre Arivederci....! Gordon Craig cre 96-98 FOREIGN NOTES 99-100 Untitled Image Illustration 99 PARIS. 99-100 Greekerys of the "Pasters J. de S cre 99 Rouge and...... a New Religion. H. L cre 99-100 LONDON R. S cre 100 EDITORIAL NOTES 101-102 Untitled Image Illustration 101 FUTURISTS AND OTHERS. 101-102 A THIRD EDITION. J. S cre 102 WHICH ERA ? An Additional Editorial Note. 103 Untitled Image Illustration 103 AN AMAZING STATE OF AFFAIRS J. S cre 103 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 3 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 3 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 3 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 4 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 4 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 4 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 106 THE MASKA QUARTERLY JOURNAL OFTHE ART OF THE THEATRE Volume Four. Number Four. APRIL1.9 12 ARENA GOLDONIFLORENCEITALYYEARLY SUBSCRIPTION PIFTEEN • SINGLE COPY PRICE FOUR SHILLINGS NET. TRADE AGENTS.S I MPK I N, MARSHALL, HAMILTON, KENT &amp; CO. LONDON. THE MASK. APRIL 1912. TPhe Editor will be glad to consider MSS relative to the Art and History of theTheatre, but would point out that he can only make use of articles written bysuch as have a real knowledge of the subjects treated. &amp;All possible care will be taken, but he cannot hold himself responsible for theaccidental loss of MSS. These must In every case be accompanied by a stamped andaddressed envelope as otherwise they cannot be returned.*Communications should be addressed to the Arena Goldoni. Florence. Italy. THE MASK. EPILO G UE. THE SIBYL THE SIBYL NAKED WOMEN ON THE STAGE. NAKED WOMEN ON THE STAGE. NAKED WOMEN ON THE STAGE. &amp; NAKED WOMEN ON THE STAGE. NAKED WOMEN ON THE STAGE THE FUTURISTS. THE FUTURISTS. THE FUTURISTS. THE FUTURISTS. &gt; HENRY IRVING. . JEZABEL. JEZABEL. 7 WELFTH NIGHT. TWELFTH NIGHT. THE A TRICAL DEFINITIONS THEATRICAL DEFINITIONS THE THEATRE HALL. THE THEATRE HALL. THE THEATRE . THE THEATRE HALL. THE THEATRE HALL. . NOTES ON ANCIENT PUPPETS NOTES ON ANCIENT PUPPETS , NOTES ON ANCIENT PUPPETS NOTES ON ANCIENT PUPPETS NOTES ON ANCIENT PUPPETS NOTES ON ANCIENT PUPPETS NOTES ON ANCIENT PUPPETS THE DRAMA IN JAPAN THE DRAMA IN JAPAN THE DRAMA IN JAPAN THE DRAMA IN JAPAN THE DRAMA IN JAPAN &gt; THE DRAMA IN JAPAN . THE DRAMA IN JAPAN THE DRAMA IN JAPAN THE DRAMA IN JAPAN . THE DRAMA IN JAPAN THE DRAMA IN JAPAN A WORD ABOUT ART VENETIAN COSTUME VENETIAN COSTUME A DISCOURSE UPON RHYTHM. A DISCOURSE UPON RHYTHM. A DISCOURSE UPON . THE THREE PRINCES OF SALERNO THE THREE PRINCES OF SALERNO. THE THREE PRINCES OF SALERNO, THE THREE PRINCES OF SALERNO. flt t MASK .April 1912 DO MEN ICO BIA NCOLELLI BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK RE V / E WS. BOOK R E VI E V/ S . BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS. A LETTER FROM PARIS. A LETTER FROM PARIS. foreign NOTES EDITORIAL NOTES ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Gerente Responsabile. Giulio Vanzl r * 6 ■ ——■ —|iANNOUNCEMENTS; FROM " THE MASK PRESS " IIARENA GOLD ON I. FLORENCE . ||the mask, new series, volume pour. £&gt; Iof the new Volume, beginning with the July number 1911, Three jEditions are published, and the yearly subscriptions, post free, Ito these Editions are respectively as follows. IPopular Edition. . . . Shillings 15. Dollars 4.00 IJfeqpP Large Paper Edition (60 .) „ 20. „ 5.00 IEdition de Luxe. (15 copies.) 65, 16.00 ITHE MASK. OLD SERIES. 1908.... 1909.... 1910.... |Unbound Sets, Vol. i. Shillings 30* dollars 7*50 IWfSjwK Vo!" a* »» " 3s* •» »» 6«so I" ** ao* •' ,f 5,00Bound in Vellum. Vol. 1. „ „ 35. „ „ 8.50 Iv°'« 2« »» »» 30. „ „ 7.50 IVol. 3. ,, „ 35. „ „ 6.50I . r? | &amp; A PORTFOLIO OF ETCHINGS by GORDON CRAIG. X? IH «!■ « I 'T'hese Etchings were made by the Artist in 1907 at Florence and !M I represent his most serious work. Connected with his dream of an: Ideal Theatre, they have nothing in common with the Modern stage,«S$jegygM j0 Only Thirty Portfolios were issued. Of these a few remain.Each contains twelve Designs mounted on grey card, and withu I' I a Preface by the Artist. .0 &amp; j&amp;mif Size of Portfolio. 48x30 ctms. Price Twenty five Guineas.f Dollars 132, Marks 525. Francs 630.BOOK PLATES. £&gt; j&amp; I&amp; Designed, Engraved and Printed by the Engra. Ivers of San Leonardos Arena Ooldoni, Florence, Italy. IFrom the first design to the last print the work is executedand supervised by artists, and therefore Book-lovers may be confi-dent that in sending to us they are ensuring for themselves aTmfgyLPg* work which shall be as careful in Its execution as beautiful anddistinguished in Its design.I HERE IS SOMETHING FOR THE IPictures from Gordon Craig's " Book of Penny Toys. " IThis book of colour drawings of the most representative IEnglish, Dutch and German wooden toys with accompanying Iverses was published in 1899 and proved so popular that copiesare rarely to be found.A FEW SETS OF THE TWENTY LARGE ILLUSTRATIONSPrinted on thick art paper are still to be had, price fourguineas, (dollars 2i. Marks 82.00. Francs . &amp; &amp;_&amp; The Mask Publishers, Arena Goldoni. Florence. Italy*wmmmmmmmmKmmmmummmmmmmmwmmscMeaJsaamK£*mauumimBacmmmmmBaEB3mmsmssammmBmm\\\ 1 ■■in— fMissmmmmmammmmmmmmmmwmmwmmmmmsmmmmmmswamam wmmmmmmmmmmomm n ■■■■»■ mm i mßmummummmmmmmmmmammmmmmmmsPdated for the Propricter hj Tipogrtfia R. Lastraeci, Via de Ser/agii,l W Floreaoe tad published at The Office oi " The Mask " Areas GeldooiN LITERARY CONTENTS. EPILOGUE. APRIL 1912 a67*THE SIBYL Percy MacKaye. . . . 269.NAKED WOMEN ON THE STAGE 373*THE FUTURISTS * 3?7.HENRY IRVING. A Note O. P 281.JEZABEL Oscar Wilde . . . , 283.THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OFTWELFTH NIGHT E. W. Godwin . . . 286.A WORD ON SHAKESPEARE .... Goethe 289.SOME FURTHER DEFINITIONS FROMAN 1825 DICTIONARY Pierre Ramds . . . 290.A THEATRE HALL Joseph Furtenbach 1663 . 293.ON COLOUR IN STAGE SCENERY . . . Goethe 298.SOME NOTES UPON ANCIENT PUPPETS. . Yorick. , 301.A CONFESSION OF FAITH Anatole France . . . 308.THE DRAMA IN JAPAN Sheko Tsubouchi . . . 309.A WORD ABOUT ART Victor Hugo .... 320.VENETIAN COSTUME Cesare Vecellio. 1589 . • 322A DISCOURSE ABOUT RHYTHM 331.THE THREE PRINCES OF SALERNO : AScenario ....* 335*DOMENICO BIANCOLELLI. A BiographicalNote . «.....y. ... ... 340.A LETTER FROM PARIS ON THE THEATRE . Gordon Craig 352.BOOK REVIEWS. FOREIGN NOTES. &amp; EDITORIAL NOTES ILLUSTRATIONS. HENRY IRVING AS MEPHISTOPHELES. . Paul Renouard.Frontispiece. PLAN OF A THEATRE HALL .... Joseph Furtenbach Face 398.FOUR VENETIAN COSTUME DESIQNS . . Cesare Vecellio 331,335,337,339.DOMENICO BIANCOLELLI Face 340.HEAD AND TALE PIECES by Gordon Craig, Oliver, Borrow, and others. Sir Henry Irving as "Mephistopleles", by Paul Renouard. (See page 281.) EPILOGUE. APRIL 1912. e have reached the end of the fourth year of publication.And we have reached it without compromise. £? &amp;£/ The ancient feud between beauty and stupidity hasbeen refought in our numbers, and, although It is saidthat against stupidity the very Gods themselves contend in vain, we have managed to make some way.£&gt;&amp; Some of the managers in London are waking up or are at anyrate calling out in their sleep. "One two : why, then 'tis time todo't ". But they do nothing; "Hell is murky " they mutter: and solet us leave them to their muttering. How far off it sounds I Why, itwas actually so long ago as 1911. How time flies to be sure I &amp; &amp; 11 fact we are in a new century....... and we advance out ofhearing of all the mutterings and have done with that deadperiod of Dramatic Drollery for ever. We shall in future onlyrefer to it as one refers to the worst period of the MiddleAges. It was like that period; stocked with the midd!e=aged it lumbered along like a tumbril on its way to the gallows. It was awretched time, ....wretches lied from high places in the then theatricalworld in order to secure a half full house, while tricksters madeeveryone's life in the Theatre of London unbearable. Here and therewere to be found a sprinkling of finer men and women, but theirweaknesses were their undoing : Friday night undid them. (i).jg? However, that was long ag0,... in the dark limbo of things forgotten ,and as it is so long ago let's hope it wasn't true. £?£*£?We advance into the open air.... breathing at last.... exhilerated to be ahead with the times. No longer having to fight anyone hut ourselves,no longer doubtful of success since it is won. Fhe new Theatre is esta=blished, and nothing but age can overturn it; and as it's foundationsrest upon the basis of youth and life it is indestructable. &amp; The fact that the actor has passed into the museum amongst thecuriosities was anticipated by us . some time ago. We even assisted topay the carriage of the goods. But that was in the nature of things. Hehad to go :... he has gone. Bless him.&amp; Even so far back as 1911 Reinhardt proved how he could produce themost wonderful drama with but a crowd of untrained supers bald=headed tramps and an incompetent dancer or so and one superband totally inexperienced amateur, the lovely lady VollmßHer &amp;And at that time the chronicles state that the London committee of the"Actors' League for Protection against Time and the Hour" were wastingtheir minutes protesting secretly against the innovation instead ofsensibly becoming amateurs themselves at wages of two guineas a week.That was the actor's weakness which drove him to the Museum. Infact it was found on opening the case, (just as was found when theslightly earlier examples of Babylonian civilization were secured), thatthe pockets of the poor creature were literally lined with golden coins.lt is said that an actor in those days (1911) received as much as anArchbishop. Hall states in his "Actors in Ancient Times " that one actor, (he calls this histrion an " actormanger " but does not explainthe meaning of the word), was so well off that he indulged his strangetemperament by destroying works of art which he had the good fortuneto possess for a time. &amp;£? Altogether the history of the actor at that period was an interestingone; and, in fact, Professor Wilkinsan the archeologist, who is at presentengaged in some excavating on the spot where formerly the old Haymar=ket joined with Pall Mall, promises the Museum some interesting finds.&amp; We are happy In being able to announce that Professor Wilkinsanhas promised to inform us of any particularly illuminating proofs in sup=port of our doubts as to whether these old actors used hares' feet withwhich to put on the rouge, and whether any statue of Heerbolt Dreewas erected,., and, if any, where. &amp; (1) Salaries are paid on Friday night. THE SIBYL TO EDWARD GORDON CRAIG: "ON THE ART OF THE THEATRE". by Percy Mackaye. vast, the caverned stageGlows with twilight,... Where are they :Ribald love, and conscious rage,Joyless banter, captious quibble,Brass and bauble of Broadway ?What are such to her.... the Sibyl,Where she dreams beside her solemnSingle columnIn the quiet ?....Bats in swoon,Gnats in riot,Midgets swarming 'gainst the moon :Such are theyBeneath the graceAnd the rapture of her face.She will waken. Long she's slumberedThrough the noisy years unnumbered,Since her radiant limbs withdrew....Swift, adept,Divinely calm....From the leering satyrs' viewTo the vlsioned silencesWhere she slept, Pillowed In her bended armOn the starred Acropolis.She has wakened! She has smiledWith a tender, large delightAt the spell-charms of her child,Her own spirit's acolyte.At his wand-touch she has risenIn the mind of man... her prisonAnd her temple. Lo,Sensuous, with form of fable,Most divinely reasonable,Not the comets through the ether,Not the planets in their groovesTread a more harmonious measureThan she paces, In her pleasure,On the silences beneath her.For the silences are thrummingAs with heart-beats at her coming,And the Passions pause aghastAt the glorious decisionOf her movements, as they markWild vivaces of her vision,Deep andantes of her dark ;And her gestures... as she liftsPillared vistas of the past,Spacious visions of the marchesOf To-morrow, gracious archesThrough whose riftsBeauty beckons,... hold no mirrorTo the errorAnd the grossness of the age,Mimic notWhims and gropings of emotion, Atrophies and tricks of thought,But her rapture is the rageOf man's spirit in its fullness,Purged of accident and dullness ;And her music, born of motion,Recreates the spirit's trance.Weaving symphonies of sunlight,Waking chorals from the wan lightOf the Pleiads in their dance.Through her cloudy, caverned stageBursts the morning: And she standsIn the quiet, by her solemnShining column.Gazing forth, serenely glad,On the roaring, dazzled lands,Where the little children, cladiIn the garments of her spirit,On enchanted feet come streaming,For she knows they shall inheritAll the ages of her dreaming.Then the sated ones and blinded,And the timid, callous minded.* , ■ i *: \ yClutch the chlldrens' sleeves, and stare,{Crying: ** What behold you there ?There is nothing!"... But the lover,And the young of soul, his friend,And the artist, follow afterThe children in their laughter,And the daring half discover,And the happy comprehend. NAKED WOMEN ON THE STAGE. ■yVTe have from time to time in this journal spoken, probably with pre- judice, in favour of the use of Masks. As veils for the face, hiding itsweaknesses and revealing what is In the soul of the poet, masks havealways seemed to us a gain. And at the same time we have alwaysregretted (probably with prejudice) the gradual unveiling of the bodiesof persons on the stage, which practise we failed to see brought anygain to the Art.£&gt; The ladies in pink tights had grown into a convention and suggestedthe Farce of things, but ladies without them grew objectionable andsuggested nothing but the bathroom and "La Vie Parisienne-', a charm- ing little journal to be found at the hearth of every cocotte. -&lt;£&gt;£? And if the ladies and gentlemen who take off their shirts, stockings,trowsers, und so weiter, for us on the stage gave us frankly tounderstand that a new episode in " La Vie Parislenne " was about tobe revealed to us for our amusement we should be better able to acceptthe performances. &amp; &amp; &amp;#But this is anything but the case. There is much solemnity aboutthese undressings. Gods are evoked, masters of music, painting andsculpture are dragged In to perform the parts of high priest, and thenthe victim sacrifices herself in all the solemn splendour of the cafdchantant.&amp; And all this is done; it Is said, in the cause of Beauty and Art.Now to see what it has led to. I quote from the Daily Mail of March9th in full.FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. BERLIN, FRIDAY." The Parisian dancer Adoree Villany, who dances without clothing, and" who was charged with giving an immoral performance, was prosecuted" by the Munich police in connection with a series of performances given" lust November before an Invited audience of painters, sculptors and" Academicians. The final performance was broken up by the police, who" invaded the theatre and carried off the dancer to the station. 00 " The case came up for trial yesterday, and ended in the acquittal of" Mile. Villany and her theatrical managers, the co-defendants. The jury" held that Mile. Villany was serving " the higher interests of art" 44 and the question of an offence against public morais was therefore" irrelevant." Half a dozen of the most eminent artists of Munich went into the44 witness-box to testify to the artistic satisfaction which they derived44 from watching Mile. Villany. 44 Professor Kaulbach, the most celebrated German portrait painter,* #44 described the dancer's performance as 44 thoroughly artistic and res*44 pectable. " The professor had taken his wife to the performance, and44 she, too, found it unobjectionable. Professor Petersen, president of the44 Munich Artists' Society, said that he would be happy when such per- -4t forniances could be given for the masses, instead of to a select artistic44 audience. Such an advance in culture would be a universal blessing,44 and public morals would not be jeopardised by giving the public an44 opportunity of admiring the beauty of the human figure.44 Professor Keller, another Academician, flouted the 44 ignoble conduct4&lt; of the police in interfering with 44 so chaste a seance. " He said that44 the action of the police was equivalent to placing artists beyond the44 pale of moral society. 44 The public prosecutor asked the Court to fine the dancer and the44 two managers L. 10.0.0 each, and to send them to gaol for twenty days44 each, but their acquittal followed after the jury had been out only a44 few minutes.Now no one upon earth is going to pretend that this sort of thingwill benefit Art one scrap, and we are not going into the question asto whether it is good for our morals. The whole episode is a re\elatlonof the extent the tremblers will go to for the sake of money andcivic pride. On the one hand we have the Dancer, her theatrical managers, andtheir witnesses, Professor Kaulbach, and his wife, Professor PetersenPresident of the Munich Artists' Society, and Professor Keiler. These areout to make money. On the other hand we have the Judge and jury composed of Bavarianswild with anger but prepared to go to any length rather than admitthat Berlin and the Kaiser were right. &amp; &amp; Neither side was out for truth. And now let us glance at each of these amazing groups piecemeal,&amp; (I) Miss Villany Evidently a pretty young woman; evi- dently a perfect painter's 41 model " ;evidently quite honest In her desire tomake as much splash, noise and moneyas possible without the bore of posingto one man.&amp;(2) The Theatrical Managers. These business men are not workingfor Art or Philanthropy. You cannotblame them for exhibiting a nakedwoman. They are at liberty to go evenfurther In this line if it is not illegal.Why not ? and who is going to find faultwith them ? &amp; &amp; &amp;*&amp;(3)The Witnesses, Professors In our opinion it is these gentlemen whoKaulbach, Keller and Petersen, are obviously through and through cul- pable. To begin with they ought to knowthat a painting of a naked woman andthe exhibition of a naked woman inpublic are two quite different things;but if they don't know that it is only amatter of ignorance. They ought to knowthat the masses,.... that even a selectaudience do not understand suchexhibitions. They ought to know thatanything so obviously out to make moneyby such means cannot be quite honest.&amp; But may be, as I say, these witnesses are ignorant. &amp; &amp;Is it from Ignorance that they gave such vile evidence ? Let us looka little closer into the matter.How do Messrs Kaulbach, Keller, Petersen and Co make their money?Let us realise that and we shall find the weak spot at once. j0Messrs Kaulbach, Keller and Petersen make money by painting orcarving nude figures. Most artists paint or carve nude figures; it is anold custom handed down to us from ancient times when men and women dressed so that the human form was in part revealed. It is a customutterly out of date and out of place; but no matter; let us accept it asa custom which has been kept up.Now these Munich Professors when called as witnesses were up againsta difficult proposition. If they said that naked ladies should not showthemselves in public the jury would ask them why that which could notbe shown in Public could be shown when Painted by the said Professors:and of course these particular Professors would not know what to answerto such a question ; and, though there is an answer, and an entirelysatisfying one, had it been given the jury could never have grasped itsmeaning. &amp; The Professors saw this clearly. They had patronized the performanceof the naked dancer; they must therefore say it was great art or allwould be lost commissions reputation life itself.So they swore it was " thoroughly artistic and respectable " (respec- table old Munchen kerls); that they had (one of them) taken theirwives to see the show (for their wives like to live also and like todress prettily (queer) .and entertain ; all this takes money) and that itwas '* ignoble " of the police to interfere with "so chaste a seance":and the jury opened their mouths and sang of one accord, "It is in theInterests of the Highest Art". &amp; &amp;INTEREST.That's it. Pure per £?&amp; And the Judge and jury, ...why did they also sing this tune ? &amp;&amp; Well, do you know Germany ? 1 was there the whole of last year andfound out one curious thing about it which is not sufficiently realizedin England. &amp;In Germany there are many states, and two states in particular;Prussia and Bavaria. Prussia is in the north, and chilly; Bavaria is inthe south, and warm.... (if wet). Yes, Bavaria, Munich in particular, isclammy.Well, Berliners and Muncheners just hate each other and the Munichman loves nothing so well as to jeer at the Berlin man's exaggerated" morality ", at his lack of ** temperament ", at his ignorance of whatis Art. So whenever he can he tells the whole of Germany what Art Is and how it is not the " proper " thing that Berlin and the German Kaiserwould have it. j-je may be right.... or wrong. That is not the point here. But he hasmade iVXunich the Paris of Germany and he has to thinK like a Parisian...even if inspired by the Caf&lt;s Lultpoldjg? go when it comes to such a question as this where a naked womanIs concerned, professors, jury, judge and all, turning their superior facestowards the north with significant sniffs toward Friedrichstrasse pronouncethe exhibition " moral... artistic... Humpf ". &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Could it have been prevented ? Could Munich have been saved havingto decide ? It could: and the weakness of the whole episode is the weakness ofmany other such episodes in the history of this pretty town. &amp;Let me explain. &amp; &amp;Whenever a cute business man or woman has wanted to make moneyin Germany by exhibiting, in public, parts or the whole of some dancer'sor model's person they have one method and one only. They go toMunich; they see reporters; they announce that they have a great ARTwork to show.They then take their bait, the said model or dancer, and lay itbefore the chief Professor of Art in the town. They find him at hisstudio; he is possibly painting from a model at the time. They ask theProfessor if they may see his pictures:... " oh, how noble! what power,what beauty!". They then humbly ask permission to be allowed to showthe Professor their art... and the girl is thereupon trotted out and per- forms her nude or semi-nude dance before the Professor. 0&amp; He, being painter or sculptor, sees in the girl a fine specimen ofphysical beauty, and, as he Is used to such exhibition in his privatestudio, he sees nothing unusual in what is before him. &amp;&amp; The girl then fascinates the artist and asks him if he will form oneof a committee for the small informal meeting of artists to be held atthe Kunstler Haus or Artists' Club before which she desires to perform." Certainly, my dear " he answers, and lends his name to the thing.&amp; The impresario now packs the Gladstone bag and proceeds with theProfessor's promise to see other Professors. &amp; 4&gt; They fall into the trap more easily. " Has Professor lent hisname to it ? then certainly so will 1 ". Five or six names are collected ;the performance is announced ; the reporters are seen again ; are toldwhat the Professors have said ; all goes well; the town is caught. Theperformance takes place; the police come in; the Professors areindignant; the impresario chuckles; the girl is enjoying the luxury ofsuccess. 4/ 4/ 4? jg?4? But this is not Art: this is smart business at the expense ofpublic, artists and art alike. This is one of the most monstrous tyrannieswe are obliged to put up with because Professors have forgotten thatArt is not nature nor nature Art and that what is seemly here is outof place there. 4?4?4?4?jZ?4?4?4?4? But it is a good thing that the Daily Mail brought up the matter,for the methods employed by these travelling performers who trafficin nudity under the guise of it being Fine Art needed being revealed. THE FUTURISTS. "And when I love thee not, chaos is come again ". [Shakespeare. ————i—i—»m—ruriir—t—wmrr——— n—nm»n—rmni«ii»»i JIMI iwmm w MI ■ ■ «nin■ iimn —n —■i■■ m■ miww—\yhat is a Futurist ? Who knows and who can explain without makingus angry or without sending us to sleep ? I for one cannot, of that1 feel sure. Because I think I can explain the phenomenon of the Futu- rists, and I think my explanation will convict more than a hemisphere ofpeople, and that is bound to make some people angry and weary others.The history of this group of poets and painters and others is unknownto us. We know that a certain young man, Signor Marlnetti, is theirleader. Who inspired Signor Marinetti is at present a secret: it is oftenthat we only find the original man, back of the leader, about fifteen yearslater in the game. 4? 4/ 4? 4? 4? 4? 4?&amp; Of Signor Marlnetti much is obscure. He is a wealthy young man whohas not had too much responsability and therefore Is inexperienced insome of the simplest things,... no doubt to his regret. He has publisheda quantity of literature,... poems, prose poems, essays, and has probably been able to pay well lor the verses and prose submitted to him by theyounger Italian writers. &amp; This seems to me to be the first point In favour of Signor Marinetti.It is pleasant to know that with the birth of Futurism at least twentyor thirty more living writers are in a position to pay for their clothesand food.The question of money Is not usually reckoned into the account,but that is because reckless people like Lord Rosebery are reported togo about preaching that penury produces the, best poems and prose.Oh, my Lord ! for shame * &amp; And possibly Signor Marinetti's gold is badly spent; probably the workof the Futurists is abominable art.That may be or may not be. A fairly rich man can be just as good anartist as one who Is harrassed to find two pounds to get along with forthe coming fortnight But let us get on.Signor Marlnetti having published much literature goes further andexhibits a number of paintings. These have been lately seen in &amp; Everyone thought that the previous group called the " Post Impres- sionists" had given the "world of art" (by the bye» who coined this title?)a shock which was to last a long time. But the appearance of the Futuristshas staggered them all far more. &amp; &amp;4? At Bernheim's in Paris Signor Marinetti was good enough to speakbefore an assembly of selected Parisians who, as we all know, are thekindest of people and interest themselves in all sorts of difficult co- nundrums. £&gt;After Signor Marinetti had spoken saying that all the pictures andthe other miracles of genius at the Louvre ought to be burnt becausethey were bad, an amiable gentleman rose and asked Signor Marinettiwhether he had ever examined the works at the Louvre. On this it ap- pears that Signor Marinetti kicked him. There was an uproar, the policewere called In and the room cleared. &amp; &amp; ■£? &amp;Now all this agrees admirably with what I am sure is the exactexplanation of this extraordinary uprising known as Futurism. Most ofthose who speak or write about this newest group of Artists search for some complicated explanation. They get no nearer to truth. AH of themconnect the phenomenon with Art; whereas it has no connectionwith Art. /Z? /ft /zt This is not written in any antagonistic spirit whatever. There hasbeen a positive need for the Futurists ever since the first ass waggedits tail before the portrait of a carrot. /&amp; JZ?The name Futurist is a mask under which the most up to date refor- mers approach their prelude of destruction. He who laughs at them laughsat the whole farcical fabric of modern life. He who criticises them mustfirst criticise modern civilization : in short if the Futurists are dam- "Vnable,.... and they are.... then modern life is damnable. JZ?How paradoxical you people are. (i) How gullible you are, how weakand how comic 1... . Now watch yourselves. /Z? /Z? JZ? *z?JS? YOU dress in the silliest of costumes,... uncomfortable, stiff, unpre- possessing, (except to the handsomest of people, and they'd look lovely inanything). You are not obliged to dress in that way and you don't to itbecause you want to. You do it because " everyone " does it. Who iseveryone ? what is everyone ? Heavens, what an awful question to an- swer! After you have dressed yourselves up like monkeys you catch holdof someone,... a man, or a woman, or a child.... and you drag them outinto the street with you. You do this in a civilized way and it looks easyand natural. The tyranny of dependence is never natural. JZ/ ZZ?JZ? When you get out into the street what do you do ? Do you burst outlaughing ? Do you run terrified into the house again ? ...Or do you loseyour reason and become mad ? No, you swim there like ducks.On every side of you shrill noises like the horns of Hell and a murmurlike a Satanic choir. Around you the flashing by of objects lawfully letloose to damn the day or to make night hideous. High up in the skysweet things concerning Pills and Milk, and beyond them the little flyingships of the true Futurists parodying the birds.&amp; And you get into a brutality called a Taximeter and you say " Driveto Bernheim's. You shout at each other all the way so as to be heard,and on arriving at the picture gallery you get out and if you re greatswells you haggle with the driver over twopence. You probably have him arrested by a policeman on account of this twopence and then you enterthe Gallery.£/ At sight of the first picture you burst out laughing ; at the second youalmost run terrified away, and at the third you nearly lose your reason.The Futurists have shown you the external world you live in andyou hate them for it Naturally.&amp; But why didn't you think of that before? Why didn't you protestagainst your world being cut up into noises, jerks and squirms?&amp; You didn't notice it, you say? I know, that's exactly what I'm gettingat. You have been cheated slowly day after day for centuries : cheatedby a great fool (2) who had a knack for saving you trouble. We call himthe business man. You'll do anything to save yourself trouble and soyou' 11 overlook the gradual catastrophe which is creeping upon you.It is only when you get a picture of it that you revolt. The nerve hasbeen touched at last.&amp; Poor dear people, thinking all the while of yourselves instead of allthe time of the others, you have become self-sufficient; just that and nomore, and a very little mentality is sufficient for your self. All the Fu=turists together make up one modern Rabelais What a monster theyhave given birth to ! -*£&gt;■ rt still lives.... walking in the shadow it passes unharmed for all thebubble and the trouble brewing in the abyss of Life,., brewed by theMaterialist-Fool. Art still lives on as it flourished once.... in the Idealists. In an earlier age it was they who made Life look aud sound likewhat it was and it ever will be.... beautiful. They did this because theyloved the earth and you but you slowly tired of the truth and askedfor different things ; you asked for lies. You have them now: they willsober you to a certainty, but it is you who will have to pay for them.So, all the King in man is gone, all his royalty gone. Like the poorLear he has divided his kingdom and given it away to his Daughters.Blow, winds, and crack your cheeks! rage! blow !You cataracts, and hurricanoes spout,Till you have drench'd our steeples, drown'd the cocks!You sulph'rous and thought-executing fires, Vaunt-couriers of oak-cleaving thunder-bolts,Singe niy white head ! And thou all-shaking thunder,Strike flat the thick rotundity o' th' world !Crack nature's moulds, all germens spill at once,That makes ungrateful man 1Rumble thy bellyful i Spit, Fire 1 spout, Rain !Nor Rain, Wind, Thunder, Fire, are my daughters:I tax you not, you Elements, with unkindness ;I never gave you Kingdom, call'd you Children,You owe me no subscription. Then, let fallYour horrible pleasure. Here 1 stand, your slave,A poor, infirm, weak, and despis'd old man;....£? On this spectacle of today's misery, seen by a Prophet from afar, letus quietly lower the curtain. &amp; (1) Artists, you need read no further: the rest does not concern you* (2) " The fool hath said in his heart, 'there is no God That is the fool alluded to. HENRY IRVING. A Note. O. p. Our Frontispiece this quarter is a reproduction from a Collec- tion in our possession of a series of drawings of Sir Henry Irvingmade by M. Paul Renouard, who drew them on the Lyceum stageor in Sir Henry Irving's dressing room at the time of the firstproduction of the piece. The collection of Af. drawingsincludes several of Sir George Alexander. &amp; &amp; &amp; Che told me he was quite a wonderful man....but she couldn't say howor why he was so wonderful. " This to me from a friend today.We were speaking of Miss Ruth St Denis and her apprenticeshipunder this wonderful man ".... a foreign stage manager. And 1 repliedthat I believed these stage managers had away of walking on to thestage at the rehearsal and seeming to remould the world ; and that itwas this which made them seem so wonderful. At their appearance the whole staff awakens to attention, and tnisit Is which makes us say, " what a wonderful man ". If he were bossof some factory it would not be the same. Here in a theatre he is sur- rounded by such a glamour, and he faces the stage, his back turned ............. ■ ».,„r»« rir-r... ;r'"? ~ "™"""i •vtxr triflstcri ir othe appearance y clearly why or how he was„ Like Miss St Denis . rea.ly cannot c.ear.y so extraordinary ; so that I am iar which is published nownote to accompany the ver,, inter s „g - for the first time. And though the of a|,of Irving it Is hardly that stage phase which ..ot irving l. ai| the weakness of humanitythen his face became like a waxen the seemed banished. &amp; man.(.er even the actor-ma- &amp; This little sketch gives us the sag ' ..that would« ctive The soul of the man is not here, nager, off the stag . Rast|en Lepage portrait It is absent,be too much to ask; even in wav whichbut in both we have a certain Hkenessj&gt;f the man; '1 qulU a llttfc collecUon of drawings by the same artist of* TISC 4 . rever yet been published and which oughtthis amazing actor which the mQSt part representto be preserved by some museum. y t||e knl([htIrving as -ph,stopbe.es an o« .« T* Tn rrtTress and v'ery charming he iooks. . am toid that it is• &lt;• wt re*nf sir Henrv in this particular role,the only drawing in existence of Sir Henry in JEZABEL. An Unpublished Stony by Oscar Wilde. &amp; This story was told by Wilde to Miss Aimee Lowiher when achild and wi itien GUL by her. A Tew copies were privately ,but this is the first time it has been given to the public. &amp;&amp; Another story of the same series appeared in the January num- hor of 7*Zfe Afas/c; und others will he given in subsequent numbers. he queen stood on her marble terrace gazing on the fair landswhich lay far and wide around her palace. Her blood-red hairhung in thick braids on each side of her white face. She was wrapped from head to foot in a robe of woven gold, and long strands ofemeralds coiled about her, flashing and glinting in the twilight like greensnakes at play. Her long pale hands were circled with gems, and shelooked like some marvellous idol in her gorgeous and deadly beauty.&amp; She sighed a deep and heavy sigh, and Ahab the king said to her:,..&amp; " Wherefore slghest thou, oh Queen of Beauty, is there ought onheaven or on earth, which lacking, thy heart doth desire ? Hast thounot all that gold can buy and that men can make with the labour oftheir hands? But if there be ought else that thy soul desireth, am I nothere to give It thee; for am I not thy slave, though I be the King ofSyria? " &amp;•&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; And the queen answered, and with slow and languid accents did shespeak, as one who is wearied with a great weariness and stricken untodeath with the satiety of fulfilled desires. us?&amp; ... Tis true, oh king! that I have all that the earth can give, gems,and gold, and garments of tyrian purple and woven silver, and marblepalaces filled with slaves and with dancing girls; all these are mine.Also have I rose gardens, and palm trees, and orange groves, where thescent lies heavy at noon. JS?^&amp; And the camels with their swinging tread ceaselessly do cross thegreat desert heavy laden with perfumes and treasures for my delight.And every man is my slave, for 1 am almighty in my beauty. Even thou,oh king, dost bow before me unto the dust, and thou art Ahab, theking of Syria.But at my palace gate there is a vineyard, the grass is green, andthe doves fly there, and it belongs to another; therefore do 1 sigh. &amp; And Ahab said: "Sigh not, oh Isabel, for most surely shalt thouhave the vineyard, where the grass is green, and the doves do fly. It isthe field of Naboth, my standard=bearer, and the friend of my bosom,for he hath twice saved my life in battle. &amp;&amp; Then sent he for Naboth the Syrian.Now Naboth was a youth of twenty years, and good to look upon, ashe stood before the king in all his strength and stature. &amp;&amp; And the king said : " The queen doth desire thy vineyard. I willtherefore cover it with gold pieces, and with precious gems, which thoushalt take in the place of the land, or whatsoever else thou shalt appointeither in honours or in treasure, that shalt thou have, for the queendoth desire thy vineyard. " &amp; But Naboth said : 44 Nay, king, my vineyard was the vineyard of myfathers. Their heritage to me, all I have, and I may not part with it;nay, not for all the treasure upon the earthThen Isabel, the queen, spake, and her voice was low and soft, likeunto the summer breeze at evening: "Do not trouble him, the vineyardis his, and should not be taken from him, suffer him to go in peace. "£? And Ahab went forth, and likewise Naboth.^&amp; But later on that day Isabel did call for Naboth, and he stoodbefore her. &amp; &amp;Then said she unto him,: "Come hither, and seat thyself beside meon this throne of ivory and gold. " &amp; &amp;jC? But Naboth said : " Nay, queen, that may I not do, for the throne ofivory and gold is the throne of Ahab, the king of Syria, and on it mayno man sit beside thee, save only the king. " &amp; &amp;But the queen answered: 44 1 am Isabel, the Queen, and 1 commandthee to be seated ' . JZ? &amp; &amp; &amp;And he sat beside her on the throne of ivory and gold. &amp;j&amp;&gt; Then the queen said to Naboth: 44 Here is a drinking cup carven froma single amethyst, drink from it." JZ?But Naboth said: 44 Nay, for It is the drinking cup of Ahab, the kingof Syria, and from it should no man drink save the king alone. " &amp;zz?But the queen answered: 441 am Isabel, the queen, and 1 commandyou to drink from it".&amp; JZ? &amp; £? And he drank from the drinking cup that was carved from a singleamethyst. £?Z? Then the queen said to Naboth: " I am very fair. There is none otherso fair on ail the earth. Kiss me S" zz/ £? &amp;&amp; But Naboth said : " Thou art the wife of Ahab, the king of Syria ; noman may kiss thee but the king." &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;And the queen said: "I am Isabel, the queen, and thou shalt kiss me".u&amp;&gt; And she twined her ivory arms around his neck, so that he couldnot go. And then she cried with a loud voice, saying: "Ahab! Ahab!"£? And the king did hear her, and coming, did see her lips on the lipsof Naboth, and her ivory arms twined around his neck. JZ?And mad with blind wroth, he ran his spear through the bodyof Naboth, the Syrian, who died, and fell in his blood upon the marblefloor.Then when the king saw the friend of his bosom lying in his blood,killed by his hand, his wrath left him and his heart was filled withremorse and his soul with anguish. JZ&gt; JZ? JZ&gt;&amp;" oh Naboth! my standard-bearer and friend of my bosom, whotwice didst save my life in battle, have I with these hands indeed killedthee, and is the blood upon them indeed thy young heart's blood?Would that it were mine own, and that I were lying in mine own bloodwhere thou art now 1 " And his grief eat into his very soul, and his lamentations filled the air.But Isabel, the Queen, smiled a'strange sweet smile, and said, withher voice which was like the sighing of the summer breeze at evening,so low and soft " Nay king, thy lamentations are foolish and thy tearsare vain: rather sbould'st thou laugh, for now the vineyard where thegrass is green and where the doves fly is mine &amp; &amp; THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OF SHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS TWELFTH NIGHT. by E.W. Godwin. 1875. Ithough the action of 44 What You Will" Is directed ordescribed as taking place in a city of " Illyrla " thereare but few words in the text which give anything likea Dalmation complexion. If we accept " Illyria" wehave a city or seaport of the Venetian Republic underthe local government of a duke, or, more correctly, a count, this last being the title given him by the law officer who arrestsAntonio. TSvo passages... one referring to this arrest, the other to theCount's galleys and a sea-fight in which they were engaged... are almostthe only things, apart from the proper names, which could interfere withthe action if we preferred to remove it to England, for the spirit of thisplay as compared with the other Italian plays is thoroughly English.Although, however, the contrast between the Earl of Southampton anda boozing English knight might be really as great as that between thepolished Italian noble and Sir Toby Belch, yet the apparent contrast isno doubt greater in the latter by virtue of the difference of nationality.&amp; The time of the action is that of the production of the work, whichmust have been between 1598 and February, 1602. &amp; &amp; There are in ali eighteen scenes, including four in Olivia's garden andtwo at the sea-coast; this reduces the architectural scenes to twelve,from which, setting aside the repetitions, we have 1. An inferior in the Count's palace.1* An Interior In Olivia's house.3* A street before Olivia's house*4. Another street.It Is quite possible to treat this play for the modern stage as i havealready treated some others... that is to say, dividing It into acts, eachcontaining one set scene, as thus.... &amp;Act 1. Olivia's house.... an interior. (Act i. Sc. 3 and 5 ; Act ii. Sc. 3.)Act 11. The Count Orslno's palace... an interior. (Act ii. Sc. 2 and 4.)Act ill. Olivia's house... exterior and garden, with a garden-house,(Act ii. Sc. 5 5 Act iii. Sc. 1, 2, and 4 ; Act iv. Sc. 2.) Act VI. The street before Olivia's house. (Act iv. Sc. i and 3; Act v.)The sea-coast scenes and those in the Count's palace, not here included,may be described, so far as they relate to the plot, either by the charac- ters or in a prologue, or the coast scenes may be retained in their en- tirety where there is a good proscenium, and acted before the curtain oract-drop, which should then of course be painted for the purpose. uZr£? The architecture of the palace of Orsino and of the Lady Olivia'shouse may be Renaissance or Gothic or both. We have no special localityor town to consider, and, therefore, we cannot strictly follow any oldexamples. Our business in Twelfth Night is to compose or design thearchitecture in harmony with that which obtained in Venetian towns onthe Eastern coast of the Adriatic about the year 1600. This is the workof an architect as well as of an antiquary, and there are various ways ofdoing it; but there is more than this, for in planning the scenes It isnecessary that the architect should understand some thing of the require- ments of the stage, and of the business of the action, or the best%design in the world may result in failure. Stage management, or the" business, " as it is technically called, is one of the colours on whichthe dramatic picture depends; scenery is another; costume another; andthe choicest tints, the high lights, the jewels of the picture are to befound... or should be found... in the expression of the actor's voice, face,and figure. But the whole batch of colours and tints must be as one intheir treatment if we wish to see a play rendered fitly. For one man todesign an interior for Olivia's house with no control of or understandingas to the stage management; another to arrange the business of theaction in total ignorance of the inner arrangement of an Italian mansion,or of the uses of its several parts ; for one to paint the walls knowingnothing of the colours of the costume ; another to design the dressesutterly indifferent to the colours of his background ; are the happy-go- lucky processes usually employed on the English stage, and any successthat may result from the adoption of such ways and means must neces- sarily be of the nature of a fluke. If we really want to progress in thosematters, the first step is to accept the dictum of Macready... "No actorshould be a manager". This strikes at the very root of the compoundsystem of ignorance, mystery, envy, and egotism under which the dra- matic and histrionic arts languish, flickering up now and then by thespecial help of some exceptional individual with, 1 will not say false, butmisleading brightness. &amp; &amp; &amp;The costume need not detain us long. Vecellio will still be a faithfulservant to us here as before if we only treat him properly. The text, too.refers to a number of interesting details. We are told that Sir TobyBelch Is dressed in a rough country style; having on his feet strappedboots, and Sir Andrew Ague-cheek has a weakness for dark crimson(damask) stockings. In the sth Scene of the first Act we see one of theuses of the lady's veil that occurs so frequently in the illustrations ofVecellio. The steward Malvolio has a gold or silver-gilt chain, a "branchedvelvet gown", i.e., one with a broad branch pattern, a watch, rich jewelsand yellow stockings cross gartered, although in the beginning of theaction his stockings, trunk hose, and doublet would probably have beenblack. Besides this we have a doublet of changeable tafata, cheveril orkid gloves, and miniature portraits worn as jewels. There is a specialreference to the great bed of Ware ; mention also is made of the extra- vagant!} carved chests of the time... "trunks o'erflourish'd by the devil,"the relics of the town, its "memorials and things of fame" are recordedas worthy examination, and there is just one touch on architecture inthe Scene where Malvolio, locked in the inner room, complains of itshideous darkness, and the clown replies " why It hath bay windows,transparent as barricades, and the clear-stories towardes the south-northare as lustrous as ebony." &amp; ✓(1) Many costume designs by Vecellio have appeared in previous numbers of The Mask. A WORD ON SHAKESPEARE, Translated from the Conversations of Goethe as recorded by Eckermann, 1822-1833, Qoethe then showed me a remarkable English work which reproducesall Shakespeare in engravings. Each page comprised one play in sixlittle designs under each of which were written some verses, so that theeyes perceived immediately the principal thought and the most interes- twig situations. All these immortal tragedies and comedies thus passedbefore the mind like a procession of masques.One is astounded when one sees all these vignettes, said Goethe. Oneperceives then the infinite richness and the infinite greatness of Shakes- peare ! There is not a single situation of human life which he has notpainted and expressed I And with what facility, what freedom 1£? it is impossible to speak of Shakespeare, everything is inadequate.In my " Wilhelm Meister " I have moved around him trying to touchhim here and there but what I have said has no great significance. &amp;%£? He is not a dramatic poet; he never thought of the stage. It wasmuch too narrow for his great spirit: the whole visible world was itselftoo narrow for him. In him there is really too much richness and power!A creative mind ought not to read each year more than one of his playsif it does not want to find in him its ruin.Shakespeare presents us with apples of gold in cups of silver. Instudying his plays we know well how to take from him his silver cups,but we only know how to put into them apples of earth (potatoes);that is the misfortune !&amp; i consider "Macbeth" as the best play of Shakespeare for the theatre ;it is there that be has best understood the exigencies of the stage. Butif you want to understand the freedom of his spirit, read " Troilus andCressida " where he has treated in his own way the subject of the Iliad.In the poet and in the artist there is the infinite. It is this ingredient,the infinite, which gives to this kind of genius the irreducible grandeur.Victor Hugo. " William Shakespeare. " 0) A play on the words " Pomme d'or " and " Pomme de terre SOME FURTHER DEFINITIONS FROM AN 1825 DICTIONARY Translated by Pierre Ramés. P. R. hese Definitions, like those in the two preceding numbersof The Mask, are taken from that French TheatricalDictionary or Book of "Twelve hundred and thirty three" truths about the Directors, Regisseurs, Actors, Actres- " ses, and Employes of the Various Theatres, with Con- 44 fidences upon the Production of Illusion, Examination of the Dramatictc Vocabulary. A Qlanco at the Material and Morals of the Performances,44 etc, etc,99 which was compiled nearly a century ago by an anonymouswriter, whose intelligent outlook on the situation may be fairly guagedby even so isolated an example as his protest against Footlights as a systemof lighting which gave the impression that 44 the earth Is luminous .For the rest, the intrigues and caprices, the mechanical tricks andartifices which he describes have hitherto found so safe a shelter in theTheatre that the modern Manager and Actor seem, if they have changedat all, to have changed merely in so far as they have learned to 44Committhe oldest sins the newest kind of way " and there is unfortunately buttoo little that Is out of date in these Definitions of a hundred years ago. ACCIDENTS. A long chapter In the history of the Theatre. &amp; 0 APPLICATIONS. (Personal). &amp; " Have I not acted my part well?" "Youare a man of talent much above the average ". " You are a charmingwoman", etc, These are little formulas which an author should not ne- glect to place in all his works. They are directed towards the leaderof the party responsible for stirring up enthusiasm, and eacli of them isgreeted with a long burst of applause. This kind of little cabal is veryf einnocent; it greatly pleases the actor, whose seif=love it flatters, and itprocures for the author a few more performances. &amp; BOX OFFICE, A place where tickets are sold every evening to thatportion of the public which has neither entrance by right nor entranceby favour nor entrance on suffrance, nor tickets from the managementnor police tickets, nor author's tickets bought at half price or gratui»tously conceded. j£? &amp; CAPRICES. &amp; The actors have few of them; the actresses have none ! 1 EDUCATION. In the greater number of the actors whose memory hasbeen preserved in theatrical annals a happy instinct supplied the placeof the education which they lacked. Some comedians of our own daybring forward this fact in reply to the reproach brought against themof being, not merely little learned, but downright ignorant. The argu- ment would be excellent if these comedians had the instinct and talentof their predecessors. JS/ &amp; FOOTLIGHTS. They light the proscenium and so distribute their lightthat the face of the actor is shadowed from the bottom to the top whichgreatly spoils the appearance at the same time as it sins against truth.The Opera, which seeks all means of perfecting theatrical illusion, shouldoccupy itself first with getting rid of the footlights and replacing them,...faith ! I don't know by what, but by some sort of artificial sun whichdoes not project upon the person moving on the stage rays of such a kindas to give the impression that the earth is luminous.LIGHTING. The system is very faulty: it calls for a perfection wthoutwhich the illusion will always be imperfect. The disposition of the footlightsand their opposition to the upper and side lamps puts the actor and thescene between two equally false lights. &amp; LIGHTNING. The wave in the distance heaves; the north winds, let loose,announce a violent storm. Iphigenia hastens to re-enter the temple ofDiana. The tempest Is about to burst. The stage hand upon whom theoffice of Jupiter has in part devolved waves in the upper arch a torchfed by spirits-of-wine upon which is burnt, with much flashing, the lyco=podium which is projected upon the flame by a pair of bellows madefor that purpose. The air is rent by the fugitive brlliance of this dust,and the priestess, who is in the secret of the pyrotechnist, comes to thefront of the stage to tel! us a great lie and talk to us of lightning andthunder k propos of a fusee and a pinch of black resin.^ NIGHT. A half turn to the tap of the gas=pipe; a twist to the lamps in the wings ; a veil of blue muslin in front of the footlights ; colouredglasses on the lamps, mutes on all the string instruments in theorchestra, play of harps, tenor violins and vlolincellos; upon the stage asolemn'silence, and in the boxes conversations in keeping with the mys- terious light in which the hall is wrapped ; such are the means, theindications and the consequences of night upon the stage. &amp; RAIN. You hear the thunder rumble, and the sound of the rain strikesyou at the same time. You ask the secret of this somewhat ingeniousimitation: follow me behind the scenes. Do you see those two workmenmoving alternately those long oblong boxes? Well, those boxes containscraps of old iron and crockery. All this debris, in falling from one endof the box to the other, passes over a certain number of gratings, andit is the cascade-like sound which these broken fragments make in fallingfrom grating to grating, which simulates rain and which has given youfor an instant the illusion. &amp; JZ? &amp; SPIRIT OF INTRIGUE. The spirit of intrigue is the familiar spirit ofthe theatre: party spirit reigns there as a tyrant and recognises as itsministers the business spirit and the spirit of association. &amp; £/ STORM. JZ? A noise which arises in the pit at the performance of a badplay, at the debut of a bad actor, or at the unforeseen change of thepiece. The applause of the claquers provokes it; the admonishments of thecommissary of police make it break out; the presence of the police nevercalms it; the fall of the curtain quiets It.That is the storm in the auditorium ; now let us see it on the stage.The light of the chandelier and of the argand lamps visibly decreases ;the strips of painted cloth which represent the sea rock; blackenedgauzes rise and fall on all sides; the lycopodium flashes on spirits ofwine; the machinist makes the thunder roll on its moveable plank, thefiddles grow excited in the orchestra, supers cross the stage, runningquickly and with their hands protecting their heads which no rain threa- tens; the lighted fuse runs across the stage following the prepared train;some explosions are heard and the thunder bolt strikes its victim. &amp; (i) Lycopodium. The club-moss: a yellow powder in the spores which burns with a bright flash. Nuttall's Stan- dard Dictionary. A THEATRE HALL, Described by JosephFurtenbach, 1663, With a Biographical Noteupon the Author. e take the following account of an ingenious method forpresenting to an audience four scenes upon four succes«sive stages from an old German book published in 1663and compiled by the architect Joseph Furtenbach, orFurttenbach, as the name is sometimes written. Born in 1591 at Leutkirch in Svevia where his father had a seat in themagistracy, the boy went at the age of fifteen to Milan to learn the Ita- lian language and spent nearly twenty years In Italy before returninghome. During this time he occupied himself principally with architecture,frequenting the company of the most celebrated architects of the day.On his return to Germany he settled in Ulm, where he obtained theposition of city architect, subsequently holding many other offices ofimportance until his death on January 17, 1667, and leaving to the citymany buildings which were constructed according to his designs andunder his direction.A lover of the curious as well as of the beautiful, he possessed a vastcollection of all kinds of curiosities besides works of art, and an illu- strated catalogue of these was published in 1660.A description of his own house in Ulm, which was published in 1641,gives proof of his ability and good taste, and to the same work he addeda chapter of instruction as to how to polish mother-of-pearl, shells andcoral and how to employ these in the construction of grottos.Among his many works are Treatises on civil, naval, military andprivate architecture, the construction of churches, peasants' houses,garden pavilions; a "New Voyage in Italy " and many interesting in- structions for the Invention and manipulation of mechanical devices fortheatrical performances, (1) a subject upon which it seems not unlikelythat his interest had been quickened during his stay in Italy, of whichcountry the " Festival Artists " had long been and still were deservedlyfamous for their achievements. The two plans which accompany the text of the following article weredesigned by Furtenbach himself and etched by his son Joseph, who de- voted his life to studies similar to those which occupied his father, andwho died on March 8, 1655. jzr &amp; DESCRIPTION OF THE THEATRE HALL. rriie inner hall represented in the drawing by the figures 69 to m. andx to b has a measurement of 75 feet, and in this space there is ahanging stage with pillars so arranged that they do not stand in thelight of, or obstruct the view of, the spectators. '1 his eight cornered, oroctagonal building is denoted by the figures, /, p, r, v, 8, x, s, t. £&gt;&amp; At points FFFFFFFF there are high windows, like those of a church.Figure A represents the principal entrance, leading by a broad stairwayto the hall above, and figure w the exit, where there is a correspondingflight of steps. This theatre hall may be made available for variouspurposes, such as tournaments, fencing displays, dancing, assemblies,marriage celebrations, banquets and the like, and for such events thetwo wings marked y and p can be used as buffets, something after themanner described in the drawing No. 19 1° my "Architectura Recreationisand fully explained on page 58 thereof. Above this buffet there is agallery for musicians and singers. &amp; With regard first to the buffet marked yit has two doors, which,when opened, disclose the various viands and other dishes provided forthe entertainment, and these can be readily carried to the guest tablewithout any one being aware from whence they have come. An innerdividing wall or partition marked II has also two doors, which may beopened, and the additional space on the other side "be used forservice. zZ? jZ? &amp;&amp; At the point marked K there is a table, or sideboard, whereon toplace dishes of food and to keep them warm and ready till required.This provision room, or larder, is of the utmost convenience because bya stairway marked k the dining hall can be reached from the kitchen,which is below and is so constructed that the hall is kept free fromsmoke, steam and risk of fire.What has now been said with respect to the buffet on the right applies equally to the one on the left, marked p and above this secondbuffet there is another gallery, such as has been already described, forthe accomodation of trumpeters, cornet players, trombone players,organists, and instrumentalists generally, as well as of singers, who havethere every opportunity of making music. And, as in the case of thebuffet, the two doors h marked can be thrown open and everythingneedful be brought in and placed on the banqueting table and afterwardsbe taken back to the kitchen by the stairway /.In this manner, and by means of these two appliances, the buffet andthe larder, refreshments of every kind can be easily and noiselesslyserved and be fust as easily and conveniently removed. The buffet shouldbe covered with a suitable cloth and all drinking vessels and glass aswell as silver should be placed thereon and be so arranged as to producethe best effect.£? At the spot denoted by the figure u there must be a round table forguests, as will hereafter be explained with more besides, and on thistable the feast is to be served. On the occasion of a marriage celebrationthe table may be put on one side after the feast or banquet, and theopen space be utilised for dancing. &amp;Should the building be required for theatrical plays, a part, or cornerof it only need be opened, namely from to V and from rto I and fromV to I on the east side. Between r and V is the gallery; letters a andb define the front pit and letters b to f show the first scene, or stage,which is 28 feet deep and 33 feet wide, with three movable scenes oneach side, marked C. E and O, which can be turned or changed accordingto the necessities of the play that is being presented.&amp; Between the letters f and f is the apparatus whereby the scenerycan be moved and adjusted to suit circumstances. The line marked gdenotes the back screen, behind which the actors are able to move freelywithout being seen and at h h, by means of steps, a lower floor can bereached where they can put on and take off their dresses and thenre-ascend for the purposes of their business.£7 At n n n n on both sides are windows, but in what manner a may be lighted with lamps, the scenery be changed and actions by waterand land be presented is clearly set forth in the copperplate impressions and descriptions Nos. 11, II ip, 12 and 13, to which, in all respects, 1would refer all those who are interested in such things. (1) £/ &amp;&amp; The theatre hall being now arranged for the production of plays,and the necessary seats having been placed in position, many hundredsmay find accomodation in the space between r and / and between V andX without inconvenience and enjoy with the keenest pleasure not alonethe acting, but also tho music proceeding from the galleries over thebuffets or refreshment department. On the occasion of some princely orspecially distinguished banquet, at which also the performance of someplay is to take place, four theatres may be arranged, the first towardsthe east representing the air A, The second towards the south, fire B. athird towards the west, water C. and a fourth towards the north theearth Z&gt;. all being set out in every respect like the first. £/jg? These four theatres must at first be closed, that is to say the Hangingcurtains in front of them, namely r to V, 8 to X, s to t and /' to /?,must be drawn together so that prior to the commencement of the p«ay,no one may know what is hidden behind them. Now that the four theatres are furnished, a round table must beplaced in the middle of the hall, in size so that twelve persons can sitat it. -S?&amp; This round table, together with the seats, must rest upon a revolvingcircular platform, 13 feet in diameter, which, by the action of mechanicalappliances below, can be gently turned without the motion being noticed.&amp;At this table twelve persons, as already said, can be comfortablyseated, but If it were desired to entertain persons of specially highrank on the occasion of some great feast or festival, the half only ofthe table may be used, thus presenting the appearance of a crescent orhalf moon, and in that case six only of such distinguished guestsshould be seated there, care being taken so to place them they allfaced, and had a clear view of, the theatre without any interveningobstruction.These persons would thus have their faces directed towards the mainentrance 4 and be sitting with a buffet both to their right and left, andhaving above them in the clouds, or galleries, trumpeters, trombone players, kettle drummers, cornet instrumentalists and singers, none ofwhom should be seen during the banquet, but only their music be heard,until the time arrived for the actors to perform their parts. &amp;In the course of the repast many unexpected things would happen,as for example the curtain between r and V would be suddenly drawnback and disclose to view the east or first scene A with lights or invisibleoil lamps, throwing a great light like unto that of day in the directionof the hall and this should be accompanied by a cool, refreshing air asthough coming from the Orient, rosy tipped clouds would be floatingabove and many birds be seen flying around, and then the curtains wouldbe dropped and the whole scene be hidden from view. &amp;And now, so quietly as to be almost imperceptible, the table u withthe guests is, by means of the mechanism below, already described,turned slowly round towards the south, so that the guests are broughtin face of another stage, marked m, the curtains in front of which from8 to X are presently drawn aside to disclose the second scene, which Isthat of Mount Etna or Volcano, with such other objects as are incidentalto southern or tropical countries, natives of the land in their nativepicturesque dresses, animals of different kinds, fruit trees and so forth.On the completion of this picture or panorama the curtains are closedagain as before.The platform with its table and guests is now revolved again untilthe faces of the company are turned to the west and towards a thirdtheatre, with a view, when the curtains between t and s are drawn back,of a sea, calm at first and then stormy with huge waves, some of therenowned western mariners being seen in their ships and here and theregreat fishes such as whales. Later the sea becomes calm again. Finallytwo ships are shown in naval combat and therewith the scene comes toan end by the closing of curtains as before.The table, or rather the platform, now revolves for the fourth timetowards the north. The curtains in front of the stage or theatre atthat point, namely from / to p are treated as in the other cases and thelast scene is presented of a fruitful land with corn fields, trees andshady woods. Peasantry are tilling the soil, the gardener is planting trees,the huntsman is following the chase and other occupations usual in nor- them countries are being actively carried on, when the curtains fallagain, hiding everything from sight and restoring the hall to its firstcondition, without either scenery or actors. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;The entertainment being now concluded, a tournament, fencing displayor a dance may be given according to the wishes and pleasure of theassembled guests, (i) •£? (1) Some of these will be published in future numbers oi The Mask. (1) These will be given in a future number. (1) On the following page is given the plan of the Theatre Hall here described. ON COLOUR IN STAGE SCENERY. Goethe. From the "Conversationswith Hckermann." 1822=1832. we spoke of scenery and costumes for the theatre. These were theconclusions of our conversation : &amp;« In general scenery ought to be of a tint favourable to the costumeswhich move before it as the scenery of Beutlier, which always tendsmore or less to dun colour and lets the stuffs of the dresses stand outin all their freshness. £? ■£? &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;■&amp;£? if the scene painter is obliged to forsake this indefinite and veryfa=vourable tone, if it is necessary for him to paint a hall red or yellow,or a tent white or a garden green, the actors ought in this case to takethe precaution to avoid these colours in their costumes. If an actor witha red coat and green trousers walks across a red room, the upper partof his body disappears, and one only sees his legs ; if he walks in the samecostume in a green garden, it is his legs which disappear, only the upperpart of his body remains. I have seen an actor in a white coat and verydark trousers who thus disappeared half way in standing against a whitetent or a dark background. And even when the scene painter representsa red or yellow room, or grass, he ought always to keep his tints ratherlow and aerial, so that the costumes can harmonise v/ith them and pro*duce their effect. *&amp; SOME NOTES UPON ANCIENT PUPPETS, by "Yorick" with art Introductory Word by the Translator nown underj his nom de plume of "Yorick" the late P.Ferrignl, for many years the dramatic critic of the Flo- • {rentine Nazione, has been called the "Gautier of Italy".&gt;So keen was his love of the theatre, so earnest andenthusiastic was he in his writings about It that a con- temporary journal, the Ri vista Europea, published In 1880 its opinionthat, if an Editor should set himself to collect in a single volume the44 amazing series " of dramatic essays and criticisms which had been forso long appearing in the Nazione, he would be raising a splendid mo- nument to the history of the Italian Theatre. Steps were taken to putthis proposal into effect, a long series of volumes being planned, ofwhich at least one saw the light successfully,.... the 44 Storia dei Burat- tini", the History of Marionettes.And no more interesting volume by the writer could perhaps havebeen Issued, since here, if ever, he was in love with his subject.His own words, descriptive of his long and earnest studies, of the wayin which he devoted his spare hours and moments to his researches,testify to this. With a lofty conception of the greatness of his subjectand a modest estimate of himself he sets to his work; with a little fear,however, that having enumerated the names of his predecessors in the&gt;»same study, having pointed out the historical importance of the puppetsand their many vicissitudes in many lands, he may have induced in thereader the impression that the subject is too serious for treatment by a44 scrittorello ", a 44 little writer" like himself. But he consoles himselfwith the hope that the lovers of puppets may extend their indul- gence even to the historian of the puppets, and declares it his aim to44 precede in his researches and to conduct his narrative with so much44 simplicity of ideas, with such sincerity of purpose, such ingenuousness44 of form and with such great and full good faith " that 44 in the end44 the courteous reader may take me, too, for a puppet " and 44 applaudmy History as he applauded the last performance of marionettes I &amp; That he has brought thoroughness and earnestness to his work isproved by his own account of the researches which have carried him toail the sources, both the great rivers of knowledge and the little streams;the books and monographs and manuscripts and journals he has exami- ned ; the " chllometers of dust " he has swallowed in the libraries inhis desire to see all, arrange all in right order, verify all references,all examples, all quotations. 44 You cannot imagine " he writes in hisPreface, 44 the enormous mass of printed or written paper that I havegone over, that I have turned the leaves of, page by page; that I havecut up Into notes, entries, extracts, schedules, catalogues, to glean allthat was possible upon the subject of puppets".He then goes on to enumerate some of the authorities which he hasconsulted, and whose names are given here for the assistance of otherstudents.&amp; Magnin's learned work, serving as a general example and guide, servedhim also in particular for information relative to the French marionettesof other periods and to those of Italy.For the puppets of the ancients, the Egyptians, Greeks and Romanshe turned to Plato, Aristotle, Junius Senafonte, Girolamo Cardano,Adriano Turneo, Dlodoro Siculo, Carlo d'Aquino, Horace, Plutarch,Ateneo, Callistratus. Father Kircher, Father Anton Maria Lupi, IgnazloPaterno Castello, Ottofredo Muller and hundreds of others whom for verybrevity's sake he omits to name. &amp;&amp; The Spanish puppets obliged him to resort to Covarruvlas, to Strada,to Polo de Medina, to Figuerroa, to Cervantes, to Francesco de Übeda.For the English puppets he turned to Shakespeare, Addison, Hawkins,Whalley, Payne-ColHer, Ned Ward, Drake, Wright, Gifford, Chalmer, andto all the reviews from the Cornhill Magazine of London to Liplncott'sMagazine of Philadelphia. &amp; &amp;Hoffman, Grimm, Abraham, Santa Clara, Graff, Casparson, Von derHagen, Prutz, Bruckmann, Martin Luther, Leutvecher, Hormayr, Frlsch,Fioegel, Leitner, Schlager, Schutze revealed to him "many hidden thingsabout the German marionettes", while for the Italian he gleaned a little inall directions, since everywhere, In all the theatres of all the nations,were to be recognised some traces of the puppets and puppet-showmen of 1ta1y,... that is, the Italy of the ancient times and of the middleages and, for the subject of puppets in general to add yet a few morefrom the list of those who have occupied themselves with these littlepeople, Marcus Aurelius, Qalen, Apuleus, Tertullian, Sinesio, AlbertusMagnus, St Thomas Aquinas, Cervantes, Ben Jonson, MoliSre, Hamilton,Pope, Swift, Fielding, Voltaire, Goethe, Byron, B3ranger.All this material, he tells us, he has studied and sifted, gatheringtogether the most and the best that he could within the compass of hislittle book, and always studying to correct errors, to fill up blanks, torectify dates, to straighten out wrong judgements, and, aiding himself bythe work of his predecessors, to raise his edifice upon the base of his ownInvestigations, his own criteria, his own observations and his own ideas.] cannot, he declares, ** invent facts, for ge dates, play at ball withnames, falsify testimonies, create quotations, invoke miracles, silence theliving and make the dead speak. I study the History of the Puppets. Iam by no means writing the History of the Popes " I &amp; And this history of puppets which he studies is inseparable from thehistory of the theatre. &amp; This being so It is of their life in the theatre rather than in thetomb or the temple that he writes chiefly, although in the extracts heregiven from the opening chapters of his book it is of the great imageswhich took their part In the solemn religious ceremonies of Egypt, thosedivine ancestors of the modern marionette of whom Mr Gordon Craigand Mr Adolf Furst have already written in Mask, that he speaks.In future numbers of the journal will be given further and more detai*led essays on the Marionettes of England, Italy, Spain and other coun=tries by the same writer, but here is merely added, to the many alreadygiven, one more testimony to the lofty origin of the puppets, " thedescendants of a great and noble family of Images, Images which weremade in the likeness of God". &amp;&amp;&amp;■&amp;&amp;&amp; THE LINEAGE OF THE PUPPET. 'Thirty centuries of public life, three thousand years of uninterruptedtradition; do these suffice to prove the nobility of lineage in thefamily of the Marionettes? How many are the illustrious houses, the princely families which have a right to a place in the Almanach of Gotha,which can boast a genealogical tree planted in the soil of history so longas thirty centuries ago ? &amp;But what am I saying ? thirty centuries ? Have we not all read, In theeighteenth canto of Homer's Iliad, the description of the golden tripodsconstructed by Vulcan, which went of themselves to the assembly of theGods and of themselves returned to take their place in the caverns oftheir native mountain ? Have we not all found, in the first book of the" Politica " of Aristotle, the mention of the famous statues of Dedolus(of which Diodoro Siculo, Suida and Callistratus also spoke), real puppetsof wood with articulated members, capable of moving themselves, ofwalking at a sign from the great artificer before the astonished eyes ofthe profane ? The Jupiter Ammon, the Apollo of Heliopolis, the Theban*Venus, the Twin Fortunes of Anzlo, were not these perhaps hierarchicalpuppets, moved by strings and caused to speak with the voice of thepriest hidden within the hollow breast of the image «&lt;£? &amp;In Etruria and Lazium, where priestly cunning studied the art ofmiracle with the aim of obtaining dominion, the moving figures of theGods filled the temples and gave a mysteriously religious character tothe pomp of the public festivals. Yet this was no longer a novelty. Theexample had come from Egypt, where the assembled mummies and theidols of Thebes and Memphis had inaugurated, many centuries before,the religious custom of articulated puppets.And had the Egyptians perhaps themselves invented, at an alreadyfar advanced period of civilization, those little figures of bone, of wood,of potter's earth, clumsily modelled, which the wise researches and dili- gent excavations of Champolllon, of Rosellini, of Mariette have once morebrought forth to the light of the sun ?&amp; Were they then a truly indiglnous product, a first manifestation oflocal art, those formless, roughly shaped models, those splinters of gra- nite and jade, those wooden pegs scarcely fashioned at all, whichpoorly imitate, by means of four marks laboriously engraved, the materialaspect and the uncertain outline of a beast or of a man ?the actual state of our knowledge relative to the history of thehuman race we are inclined to believe in the Egyptian origin simply because we are not able to trace further back than Egypt in the inter- minable course of centuries. &amp; &amp;&amp; But if our supposition were in accordance with the truth, if the firstreligious idol, the first hieratic image, so simple, so rude, so clumsy,were indeed to be attributed to the aborigines of the valley of the Nile,to what epoch, I ask, would it be fitting to make the first appearance ofthe sacred puppets on the face of the earth date back ? &amp;Let us make a few calculations if you have no objection. &amp;&amp; Manete, the warrior king, the wise legislator, who founded the cityof Memphis and raised the first temple to the God Pta, lived, accordingto the most probably exact calculations, five thousand eight hundredyears before the Christian era. But at that time Egyptian art had alreadyattained to a marvellous The temple, erected by the head of the first Dynasty, attested to thedegree of perfection attained by the architecture of the country. Thestatue of the God, an enormous monolith, fashioned not without majestyand grace, furnishes a very high criterion of the progress of sculptureat that period. &amp; jZ? &amp; &amp;&amp; Add to that the fact that Manete was the reformer of customs, thegreat innovator who liberated the peoples of the Delta from the yoke ofthe sacerdotal caste. How many years could one not therefore count intracing backward from the great statue of Fta to the first Egyptian idolfashioned by the hand of man ? or, rather, to the first religious puppetmodelled by the Industrious fingers of some neophyte and set up by thecunning of a priest for the adoration of the ingenuous and fearfulmultitude&amp; Nor must it be said that, by making calculations in this way, 1 deli- berately confound the puppets with the idols, while the two things are,in reality, very different the one from the other. The latter, compact,massive, all in one piece, all of one material; more like statues destinedto remain perpetually in the same place and in the same attitude . theformer flexible, articulated, formed of pieces ingeniously fashioned andjoined together, and so arranged as to produce the illusion of gesture,of action, of vital movement. &amp; jz? zz?&amp; It win be subsequently seen that such a confusion, merely apparent oa my part, Is not in any sense my work, and you will quickly realisethat this answers perfectly to historical truth and to the logic of factand Ideas.&amp; The ancient idols, the visible images of the mysterious, superhumanforces and powers, controllers of worldly phenomena, had not always, infact had not for a long time, immobility and stability as their characteristicsign; above all among ignorant peoples, among whom the knowledge ofphysical laws and the practise ®f mechanical artifices constituted, forthe sacerdotal caste, one of the best preserved secrets, one of the mostefficacious and most certain means of dominion.The fearful and colossal figures of the gods with animal's heads, withhuge limbs; with a hundred monstrous arms armed with instru°ments of destruction, would not have inculcated such great terror intothe minds of the first believers nor inspired such admiration in the fierceand restless multitudes of the first centres of habitation if they hadcontinued to remain motionless on their pedestal, inert and cumbersomemasses against which every lack of respect, every violence, every over- bearing act could flatter itself that it was directed with impunity. &amp;The idea of supernatural power must not in that epoch have alwaysremained disassociated from the idea of action, of movement, of loco- motion, of material force, and the pontiffs, the priests, the founders ofthe most ancient theocracies, were too wise not to understand andtoo cunning not to turn to advantage the tendency of the multitudestowards the marvellous, the strange, and the inexplicable. &amp; £&gt;&amp; And thus it came about that, in Egypt, from the times anterior tothe first dynasty of the Pharoahs, all that had any relation, either closelyor distantly, with the State religion, grew rapidly, and attained to ithemost unlimited proportions; all took a grave, enigmatic, mysteriouscharacter, and among the silent shadows of the temples, under the re- sounding vaults of the granite catacombs, in the subterranean galleriesof the pyramids, in the uncertain and smoky light of the torches, thestatues of the Gods, moved by mysterious contrivances of levers andchains, by hidden combinations of wheels and pulleys, moved their heads,opened their eyes, opened their mouths, raised their arms and spreadout menacing hands above the heads of the awestruck believers. &amp; They were enormous puppets, created to inculcate a salutary fear ;but they were always puppets, induced to play a part in the great humancomedy, manipulated by knowing men who held their strings and regu- lated their movements, to master the natures, set free the Instincts, firethe enthusiasms, and strengthen the passions of a people greedy forspectacles and delighting in stately ceremonies,&amp; Later, when religion ceased to be at one with the government of thepeoples, when learning was no longer the privilege of a dominant class,when the Gods of Greece and Rome mingled with the divinities of Egyptall to be presently precipitated together into the great conflagration ofall the ancient cosmogonies ; when the mystery was revealed, when thesecret was uncovered ; when, beside the temple, arose the theatre ; whensatirical chatter succeeded to silent fear, when the audacious hand ofAristophanes dragged the Gods on to the stage and the timele; when forthe shapeless and fearful colossi were substituted the divinely beautiful«statues of Phidias and Praxitlles, animated by the creative and vivifyingbreath of art and no longer by the scientific hoards of internal mecha- nism ; when form triumphed and fear was held back by 10ve,... then theshattered idols let issue forth from their huge broken bodies the myriadof useless and creaking parts, the colossi dwindled miserably, and themonstrous divinities transformed themselves into caricatures and intoplaythings to amuse children and to delight the common people, &amp;From these begins the new life and the new history of the puppets,which over-spread all the world, penetrated into every most remoteangle of the earth, dispersed themselves among the houses, gatheredtogether in the sepulchres, mounted upon the stage, descended into thepublic squares, occupied markets and fairs, constructed for themselves astage of their own, had a special repertory, and, in short, exercised aninfluence very different from, but in no wise less than, formerly.Were they born from the dramatic form or was the dramatic. formborn from them ? In other words, did the flesh and blood actors precedethe puppets or did the puppets precede the flesh and blood actors onthe stage ? An insoluble problem 1 This only can we assert with certainty:that both the one and the other lived contemporaneously; that in thesame time and often in the same place, and before the same spectators the marionettes performed tragedy, comedy and farce, daring to stir upthe same most grave social questions, seeking the solution of the sameproblems of morality, of politics, of legislation ; lauding to the skies orturning into ridicule the same persons 5 arousing, like the real actors,terror, pity, indignation, laughter, applause; and stirring up, and controll- ing by their talent, the expression of all the human sentiments. &amp; A CONFESSION OF FAITH by Anatole France. "La Vie Littéraire." I do not fear, for my part, to formulate my creed. I believe in theimmortal soul of Polichlnelle. I believe in the majesty of marionettesand dolls. Doubtless there Is nothing human according to the flesh inthese little personnages of wood or cardboard; but there is in themsomething of the divine, however little it.may be. They do not live likeourselves, yet they do live. They live with the life of the immortal gods.&amp; If I were a savant I should endeavour to assign a place to theirsymbols as Guigniaut attempted, after Creutzer, the symbol of the divl- nities of ancient Greece. &amp;£? Assuredly the dolls and marionettes are very little gods, but still theyare gods. See also: they resemble the small idols of antiquity. Theyresemble yet more the rude figures by which the savages assayed toshow the invisible. And to what are they like if not to idols since theyare themselves idols? Their function is absolutely religious. They bring%to little children the only vision of the divine which is Intelligible tothem. They represent all the religion accessible to the most tender age*They are the cause of our first dreams. They inspire our first fears andour first hopes. Pierrot and Pollchinelle contain as much divine anthro- pomorphism as brains scarcely formed and already terribly active canconceive of. They are the Hermes and the Zeus of our babies. And everydoll is yet a Proserpine, a Cora for our little girls. 1 would wish thesewords to be taken in their most literal sense. THE DRAMA IN JAPAN by Sheko Tsubouchi. t is gratifying for us Japanese to know that you wester- ners entertain such a kind respect for the Japanese arts.But I fear that our arts do noLalways deserve your respect.Time has changed, and we can no longer feel the samecharm and dignity that our forefathers felt, towards ourpast arts. And when you admire them, it appears to us asthough you are admiring their ghosts, the empty shadowsof what, for us, have been dead long since. Many picturesand statues of the past are before us unmodified ; andeven In drama, we can sometimes see old plays played as they were played in the past. But we feel that they are things of thepast, that they are not what we want for the modernized Japan, thatthey are the old bottles into which new wine cannot be put.&amp; I was repeatedly asked by would-be admirers of the Japanese arts,why do we study and imitate the western arts while we have the admi- rable arts of our own ? The question is impertinent. We cannot, nor dowe want to reproduce the western arts in the country of a very differentculture. But, on the other hand, we cannot remain the slaves of ourpast. We cannot produce arts that satisfy our new demands by patchingup the lifeless remnants of the past arts. I might as well ask theseadmirers to rebuild the Black-Friar and the Globe of the Elizabethanage in the midst of the city of London, in order to keep the beauty ofthe Shakespearian drama living in your brilliant twenty century society.Is it not better that the past should die its life without influencing us,than it should stifle our fresh spirit. If the past is to influence us at allit must first be Influenced by the spirit of the new age. It is for thisreason that we study and imitate your arts, Our demand is differentfrom yours. And so, we draw inspiration from your arts, while you drawinspiration from ours./f&gt; To be sure, we do not mean to abandon our past arts. We are stri- ving to assimilate them to the new spirit. You see that our problem istwo-fold. We have first to assimilate your arts to our national taste,and then turn back to our past arts with a fresh spirit and from a newpoint of view, and make them influence us in turn. Only thus can anew national art be created. As a matter of fact, we have not yet assimilated either the westernarts to our national taste, or our own past arts to our new demand.These two heterogeneous arts are merely juxtaposed. In painting, insculpture, and in literature, the modern Japan has nothing but thejuxtaposition of these two elements. And this juxtaposition is most mar«ked in drama. Our most ancient and sacred drama is played side by sidewith the plays of Ibsen. 44 No " drama, the most characteristically Japa°nese and medieval, and of which I am going to speak presently at length,is played in the one corner of a street; and in the other, you see Shaw'splays reproduced without any modifications at all. We are looking for agenius who can assimilate these two heterogeneous elements into onenew art that will be our national art. &amp; &amp;I need not explain to you how we have tried, and still are trying, toreproduce plays of Ibsen and Shaw and other German and Russian plays,without much success. In order to reproduce these plays, our actors havefirst to become westernized, before they can impersonate the charactersof the plays. This is almost an impossible task, and it is no wonder thatthe original charm and dignity of these plays that we get by readingthem, are lost when they are reproduced on the Japanese stage. Thus44 Hamlet ", 44 Merchant of Venice ", " Doll's House ", and 44 LonelyLives" were reproduced and ended in failure. One way that has beensuggested to reproduce western plays on our stage is to translate thecharacters and the situations of these plays Into the corresponding Ja»panese characters and situations. But when we try to do this, we soonfind that many customs and sentiments and even key phrases of theoriginals, are incompatible with our mode of life. When we eliminate theseincompatibilities and reproduce the original plots in new Japanese set*tings, we scon find that, Instead of reproducing them, we are writingnew plays. Nothing short of this will succeed. 44 Hamlet 44 Othello "and 44Monna Vanna " were presented with Japanese characters and inJapanese settings, but they failed, because the contents of the playsthemselves were not modified at all. You see how it is Impossible toreproduce your plays on our stages successfully. The only things thatwe can learn from your drama, I think, are its technique and principle.And even the technique and principle of your drama must be carefully compared with those of our drama, before they can be successfullyadopted for our purpose to render the new passions and the new situa- tions of our special life in the dramatic form.&amp; While some are thus striving to express the fresh pulsation of oursocial life by the technique and the principle of your drama, the oldJapanese drama is still worthily represented by others and appeals toour deep-rooted national sentiments. Whether it will remain as an in- dependent national art for a long future, or will be assimilated into thenew dramatic form, it is an 'element that no successful Japanese play- wright of the future can afford to ignore. Let me explain to you in broadoutlines, what this old drama is.&amp; The origin of Japan can be traced as far back as three thousand years.And In our earliest records, we read frequently about 44 Mai44 Mai "means dance. These dances were, for the most part, played before thepatriarchal fathers, to soften their sorrows or to celebrate their goodfortunes, especially after a triumphal battle. They were merely a part ofthe entertainment of these occasions and have nothing to do with theJapanese drama that developed later in our history. About two thousandyears ago, Japan began to communicate with China through Korea.This intercommunication, as it became more frequent and active, broughtto us the civilizations of India, China and Korea, their arts and religions.Their religions were, of course, Buddhism, different in some details, butthe same in their main spirits. Their arts were more varied ; but theone that suited most to our national taste and is still preserved is44 Bugaku ". 44 Bugaku " is not a kind of drama, It is a kind of dance. Itis our oldest theatrical art. I think that it originated in India, but beforeit was introduced to us through China and Korea, it must have beenmodified to a great extent. And after it was introduced to us it suffereda still greater modification according to our national taste. It was refi- ned and became the most favourite court dance. I think that it is nottoo much to say that, when it was at its best, it was the most delicateart that the world has seen. There are about two hundred dances of thiskind. One represents eight white storks alighting on a sacred mountainof India. Another represents an old Chinese patriarch dancing alonecarried by the spirit of wine. Another is the dance of four Japanese courtesans in the garden of Spring under cherry trees* Another is thedance in which appear four triumphant*soldiers in succession and finallydance together a dance of swords. The music that accompanies thesedances Is produced by such simple instruments as flute, harp, and kinko,and by songs, the tune of which mostly consists of prolonged weak vowelsounds. Simple as its music and its action are, this art is infinitely de=licate. In some of these dances, dancers wore masks. Often, the expres- sions of these masks are very poetical, and surpass in their symbolicexpressiveness those of Greek masks and our later "No" masks. As thesedances were played in the shrine before the altar, no special backgroundwas used. 1 said that they were the most favourite court dances. Soonthey became the sacred dances played only as a ceremony to our ancestralspirits in their shrines. In other words, Bugaku became a sacred art. Thevulgar could not see it easily, and it was utterly Impossible for them tolearn it. It is so even now. Considered from the point of view of ourdrama, this is, indeed, unfortunate; but it is owing to this sacredcharacter of this art that It has been preserved intact to this day. Andwhen we think that even now we can see it, though very rarely, weought to be grateful for our unchanged imperial dynasty that haspreserved it.&amp; "Bugaku" is as 1 said, the oldest Japanese theatrical art preserved tothis day. From it we ought to learn the delicacy and freedom of actionana the symbolic beauty of its masks and dresses. Two other arts thatare much more dramatic than "Bugaku" have developed in our later history.They are "No" drama and "Kabuki" drama. The periods in which thesetwo arts developed and the present period in which the influence of thewestern drama is predominant may be considered as the three main pe- riods in the development of our drama. jg?"No " is our next oldest theatrical art. Compared with " Bugaku "which is nothing but a kind of dance, " No " is much more dramatic. Itcan be called drama. It originated in the.age of Hojo Shogunate, in thefourteenth century. After " Bugaku " became the sacred art of the Courtfsomewhat similar but less dignified art that had been practised in localshrines was developing in its own independent way. As Buddhism thatwas introduced to us almost together with " Bugaku ", began to gain Infuence upon Japan life, it made use of this local art and finally deve- loped it into 44 No The writers of 44 No " drama were, therefore, allBuddhists. In the age of Hojo and Ashikaga, Japan was ruled not byemperors or by courtesans, but by warriors, by so-called Shoguns andtheir followers. The lives of the warriors of this age were especiallyhazardous and uncertain. The friends of yesterday became the enemiesof today. They were never certain what the fortunes of tomorrow would■turn out to be. Their lives were in constant danger. Living under suchcircumstances, they were naturally attracted by the religion that taughtthat life is a dream and deed is vanity; that salvation consists in freeingyour soul from the chain of existence. It is also natural that they foundKatharsls of their motions in " No" drama that was based upon theteaching of Buddhism. Take any of three hundred " No " plays, and youfind in It Invariably ghosts or lost souls or souls that have attainedNirvana. Its dialogue, if there is any, is invariably about the chain ofexistence or the attainment of Arahatship. As Buddhism no longer ap- peals to our spiritual life, so 44 No " drama no longer satisfies our emo- tional demand. You see that we cannot revive this drama, the tone ofwhich is pessimistic through and through. Moreover, this pessimisticdrama is monotonous. The same plot and the same thought run throughits three hundred plays. Further, its dialogue consists of old Chinese andJapanese sayings patched up hap-hazard. &amp; &amp;%£/ Though the works of these 44 No " writers are not very valuable forus, the ways in which these plays are presented are very instructive. Atpresent, they are often played in the evening on a stage lighted by gasor electricity. But until several years ago, they were played only in daytime. Having developed out of a kind of 44 Bugaku " that was played inthe shrines, 44 No " drama, like Bugaku is presented on a stage that hasno background and no curtain. There is in the back of the stage a plank- wall, on which are painted large pine trees. This may be called thebackground of the stage, but this background is never changed, no matterwhat play may be presented before it. It is, therefore, rather a part ofthe permanent decoration of the stage. Ihe floor of the stage and itssurrounding walls are made of planks of Hinoki tree. The stage is rec- ,tangular, and at its four corners stand four posts. These four posts are regarded as the symbols of the four corners of the earth, and stageitself as a small world. Under the floor are buried four or five largeempty vases, which serve as a sort of resonater to the sound of thefootsteps, and of the harps and the flutes that are played on the stage.Towards the left of the stage is what is called Hashigakari. This is anarrow path leading from the dressing room to the stage. It is made oplanks and is really a part of the stage. 44 No » actors play on it as theyco through it to the stage. Between the stage and the seat of the spec- tators lies an unoccupied space covered with sand. This space is meantto mark the separation of the sacred stage from the vulgar seat of espectators. It is a kind of proscenium, but its meaning is more religious,m this sandy space, along the Hashigakari, are planted three pine trees.1 am not sure what they mean : but 1 think that both they and the pinetrees painted on the back wall symbolise purity and piety or some suchreligious virtues. &amp; &amp; The music of 44 No " drama, like the music of 44 Bugaku " is verysimple. In the front of the back wall sit five persons leaving an intervalof about one foot and a half between them. One is a flute-player, threeare hand-drum players (that Is, the drum played with hands), and theremaining one is stick-drum player (that is, the drum played with sticks).On the right side of the stage sit several singers who make no gesturewhatever, turning their backs to the spectators of the right side of thestage, and their left shoulders to the spectators of the front of the stage.The number of these singers are usually eight, though it is not inva- riable. These singers make the chorus of 44 No" drama, and the fourpersons in the front of the back wall make the orchestra of this drama.The duty of the orchestra is to guide the singing of the chorus andthe players. The song of the chorus sometimes expresses the emotionsof the chief character, and sometimes the criticism of the spectators.Occasionally, it explains what the players are doing. When too heavy atask in acting falls on a player, the chorus sing for him what otherwisehe himself would sing. This is what we do not notice in the chorus ofthe Greek theatre, which has often been compared with the chorus of«* No " drama.&amp; It takes about one hour to play one play of 44 No" drama and usually from three to five plays are presented in one day. In the interval isinvariably inserted a short farce called " Kyogen This farce givesrelief to the emotion of the spectator that is apt to be heightened ordepressed too much by the sublime tone of " No " drama. The players ofit were always men of the second rate. JZ? &amp;£? Not all players of 44 No " drama wear masks. Masks are worn onlyby the players playing the part of a ghost or a woman or a monster.These masks resemble to the Greek masks, very much more so than dothe masks of 44 Bugaku ". Good masks are valued very highly by theconnoisseur of 44 No " drama. We hear very often the stories of mask- makers who abandoned their families and spent several years of privationand hardship, in order to make one good mask. Such men were not rarein the past. Not only mask-makers but also players regarded their artwith a sort of religious reverence. And when the occasion came to exhibittheir art before the Shogon, the head of the warriors and ruler .of theage... they devoted seven days for preparation, taking cold baths everyday, and choosing their food with the utmost care, and purifying theirsouls with right words and actions. They were prepared to commit theso-called Harakiri, if they failed in the day of the solemn trial. Thestories are reported of players who, on such occasions, prepared andworked on such a high pitch of tension that, as soon as they came backto their private rooms from the stage, they died from hemorrhage ofthe heart. The first rate "No" players did not play more than twice Ina month ; but when they played, they played with such sublime deter- mination. Most of the spectators were warriors, and while the play wasbeing played, not a sound, even of a sigh, was heard from the spectators.And when it came to the end, they showed their approval, not by theclapping of hands, but by silence. In silence they returned to theirhomes. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Most of the works of the writers of 44 No " drama are preserved, andsome of them are played even to-day. But both the players and thespectators of to-day have almost nothing of this sublimity of the past.44 No" drama, as it is presented to-day, is a mere shadow of the past.For the players and the spectators, whose lives are no longer influencedby the teaching of Buddhism, this decadence is, indeed, inevitable. But at the same time, we cannot help admiring the sublime attitude of thepast players and spectators. &amp;Before I turn to the next subject, let me add a few remarks aboutthe dresses and other small furnitures used in this drama. Everythingthat we see in this drama is touched with masculine dignity, which maybe called the pervasive quality of "No Women are not fit to take partIn It. Female characters of the play were, and even now are, played bymen. Men playing the part of women wear masks of women and imitatefemale attitude, especially in the way of walking. But they do not imi=tate female voice. You see that this art, though pessimistic, as are allarts influenced by Buddhism, is an art especially designed for warriors,and its masculine character not only excluded women from taking partin it, but also suffused dresses and other small furnitures with masculinecolour. The colour of dresses is sometimes gold or even red ; but its redand gold are not feminine. Their brilliancy is subdued by the so-calledNo" tone, and kept within masculine dignity. The same subdued tonethat appears in the colour appears also in characters of plays, who laughbefore death, and do not show tears when they weep. This is the cha- racteristic tone of the mediaeval Japan. Another masculine quality issimplicity. This quality appears especially in the furnitures of the stage,and aided by the natural pre=direction of the Japanese aesthetic mindtowards symbolism, gives a peculiar charm to them. A boat is repre- sented by bamboo arranged to show its mere outline. A high tower isrepresented also by bamboo-work, the height of which scarcely reachesto the waist of the player. The cottage of the fisherman is nothing butfour bamboo pillars planted on a square base, and a piece of cloth stret- ched round them. These furnitures are carried to the stage through" Hashigakari " by two men, after the orchestra and the chorus havetaken their seats. You may laugh at the simplicity and childishness ofail these, but they are surely more artistic than the stage of the Eliza- bethan age, where a battlefield was indicated by a placard on which oneread: "This is the battlefield of so and so". To say the least, thesesymbols of " No " drama are suggestive, they leave room for the play ofimagination. It is not impossible to enjoy these symbols even after seeinggorgeously furnished modern stages, where our imagination is choked by the fulness of details, JZ? JZ? £?&amp; At present, everybody can see "No " plays; but until thirty yearsago the vulgar were not permitted to see them. "No", then, was theart exclusively for warriors. " Bugaku " having become the sacred artof the court and 44 No " having been appropriated by the warriors, thevulgar turned to a new art, which has developed since the seventeenthcentury, about three centuries after the rise of 44 No " art. This new artis 44 Kabuki " drama. On the history of its development as well as In itscontent as an art, this new drama is much more complex than "Bugaku"and " No ". But having spent more pages for " No " art than I intended,1 have to be very brief in the treatment of this subject.jZ? As you remember, there was a close relation between " Bugaku " and'• No " arts ; but " Kabuki" has no relation at all with 44 Bugaku ". Itsrelation with 44 No ", is, however, very close. Early 4* Kabuki " playswere played on the stage that was almost the same as the stage of 44N0drama. The plays themselves were similar to the "Kyogen". But to these44 Kyogen's " were added local dances which were played with the musicof 44 Samisen ", the Japanized instrument of the Chinese Dablsen importedat that time. 44 Kabuki ", then was something of the nature of yourmusical comedy. By the way, a very interesting fact is that the authorof 44 Kyogen ", the prototype of 44 Kabuki ", was a woman called Okuni.Before her, many women, no doubt, danced and sang in private banquetsbut Okuni was the first woman who, assisted by her followers, exhibitedher art before public. There was no ballet-girl :n 44 Bugaku , and Nodid not permit women to take part. After Okuni, many actresses ap- peared and exhibited their arts in this new drama. There were manystar actresses. But at that time, the rulers of the country were Puritans.The influence of female players was not considered wholesome. Accor- dingly, about two hundred years ago, after some agitation on both sides,women were prohibited to play. Since then, the art of impersonatingfemale characters by male players has been studied with the care thatwould astonish you. At present, we have many actresses; and the go- vernment does not show the least intention of interfering with them.But even to-day, male players of female characters are very oftenpreferred to female players, for the reason of their superior art. " Kabuki " drama has, also, a very close relation with the puppetshow that was the most popular entertainment of the people of thelower class. When the famous singer of the puppet show, called Qidayu,and our greatest playwright called Chicamatsu, worked together, "Kabuki"drama reached the highest stage of its development. This great play- wright lived in the eighteenth century, he is sometimes called theShakespeare of the East. He had Shakespeare's gift of wide sympathy, ofthorough acquaintance with all phases of the human passion, and hisability to render what he felt into poetic phrases. He wrote first for thepuppet show, but afterwards for " Kabuki Those " Kabuki " plays ofhis in which he depicted contemporary events and passions, are called *" Sewamono It is in these " Sewamono " that his delicate sympathywith human passions is shown. He also wrote many historical plays, butthey are less successful. He lacked Shakespeare's gift of appropriatinghistorical situations for the purpose of depicting universal human pas- sions, Not only his historical plays alone, but almost all historical playsof " Kabuki " are failures. &amp;£? The stage of the earl} " Kabuki " drama was, as I have already re- marked, very similar to the stage of "No " drama. But as this dramadeveloped more and more, aided by the genius of Chicamatso and others,its stage also developed into something very different from the stage of44 No " drama. In the later Kabuki-stage, there is no sandy place. Thesize of the stage Itself became twice or three times as large as that ofthe 44 No " stage. 44 Hashigakari " alone remains under a different name,Hanamichi (flower path). The earlier flower path led from the stagethrough the middle of the seats of the spectators into their back, whichis very similar to the back of the pit of the English theatre. It is justlike what Prof. Reinhardt tried in 44 Sumurun ". The later flower pathhowever, leads through somewhat left of the middle line, and in manytheatres, there is another narrower flower path leading through the seatsof the spectators, some distance to the right of the middle line. The nar- rower flower path is rarely used, except when two players coming fromdifferent roads happen to meet on the stage.&amp; The seats of the spectators extend only to the front of the stage, theydo not surround the three sides of the stage, as in the "No " theatre. Therefore, the curtain can be used, (the curtain of the ,4Kabuki" theatrewas used to be drawn from the left to the right or from the right tothe left by a man. At present they are using the western curtain, butin the past, the curtain that Is drawn up and down was considered fitonly for the second and the third rate theatres. When the curtain isdrawn, the flower path is the only stage left; and we often see a playermarching through it towards the back, after the curtain was drawn. Theflower path is used not merely to go to or from the stage, but sometimesa very serious action is performed on it, and sometimes key passages ofthe whole play are uttered on it. &amp;£? Another characteristic feature of the " Kabuki " stage is the rotatingfloor. When the illumination of the stage was not developed as it is now,and other stage arrangements were awkward, this rotating floor was avery valuable and necessary arrangement. The middle part of the stagefloor is cut into a large circle; while a scene Is being played in the frontsemi=circle of this circular floor, another scene, or even two, are ar- ranged in the back of it. And when the time comes, they are turned tothe front by rotating this large circular floor from underneath the floor.1 think that this arrangement with some improvement may be used forthe theatre of the future.£? The stage of "Kabuki" drama is more realistic. It has a proper back- ground. Other furnitures are made to look like real things. This reali- stic arrangement of the stage is necessary to satisfy the demand of theunimaginative people of the lower class. It is not to be credited to thedevelopment of our stagecraft; this is shown by the fact that the faceof the player playing the part of a good historical character is alwayspainted white, while that of the player playing the part of a bad cha- racter is invariably painted red, in order to help the understanding ofignorant spectators. The stage was lighted by candlesticks. The spec- tators sit before such a stage from ten o'clock in the morning or earlier,until evening, eating and drinking, some lying on laps of women, allshowing their approval and disapproval of the players in noisy and di- sorderly manner. During this long time, from three to five plays areplayed. First, a historical play that takes four or five hours, is played ;then a short piece is played for half an hour or so ; then comes a so- called "Sewamono" play. The day's programme may end here, or a short,dance may be added. The players of those days played many parts duringa day. One man frequently played the parts of a hero, a heroine, and aghost, and even danced, during one day. We wonder at both the energyof these players and the patience of tnese spectators. There are many interesting things to say about the ballet of "kabuki"but it requires another article to treat it adequately. Though this is asubject In which I have a special interest I must put it off to some otheroccasion. jg? j0The plays of the modern " Kabuki " are not different from tiiose ofthe age of Chicamatsu, but the mode of playing and the arrangement ofthe stage of the modern " Kabuki " are very different from those of thepast. We have at present two or three "Kabuki" theatres as large as theNew Theatre of New York, and built in the European style. &amp; &amp;&amp; « Bugaku ", " No " and " Kabuki " are three old Japanese theatricalarts. Whatever our future drama is going to be, these are the fundsupon which we ought to build .«£?■ &amp; &amp; A WORD ABOUT ART by Victor Hugo. taken as Art, and in itself, goes neither forwards nor backwards.The transformations of poetry are but the undulations of the Beautiful,useful to human movement. Art is not susceptible of intrinsic progress.From Phidias to Rembrandt there is onward movement, but not progress.neither decline, nor revival, nor plagiary, nor repetition, norimitation. Identity of heart, difference of mind : that is all. Each greatartist (we have said so already) takes, stamps art anew after his ownimage, Hamlet is Orestes after the effigy of Shakespeare. Figaro is Scapin,with the effigy of Beaumarchais. Grangousier is Silenus, after the effigyof Rabelais. &amp; Everything re-begins with the new poet, and at the same time no- thing is interrupted. Each new genius is abyss, yet there is tradition.Tradition from abyss to abyss, such is, in art as in the firmament, the mystery; and men of genius communicate by their effluvia, like thestars. What have they in common? Nothing. Everything.From that pit that is called Ezekiel to that precipice that is calledJuvenal, there Is no solution of continuity for the thinker. Lean overthis anathema, or over that satire, and the same vertigo is whirlingaround both. The Apocalypse reverberates on the polar sea of ice, andyou have that aurora borealis, the N The Edda replies tothe Vedas. &amp;Hence this, our starting-point, to which we are returning: art is notperfectible. «Z/ JZ? ZZ? z? &amp; &amp;Z7 No possible decline for poetry, no possible improvement. We lose ourtime when we say, nescio quid majus nascitur " Art is sub- ject neither to diminution nor enlarging. Art has its seasons, itsclouds, its eclipses, even its stains, which are splendours, perhaps itsinterpositions of sudden opacity for which it is not responsible ; but, atthe end, it is always with the same intensity that ,it brings light intothe human soul. It remains the same furnace giving the same brilliancy.Homer does not grow cold.jg? Let us insist, moreover, on this inasmuch as the emulation of mindsis the life of the beautiful, O poets, the first rank is ever free. Let usremove everything which may disconcert daring minds and break theirwings: art is a species of valour. To deny that men of genius yet tocome may be peers with men of genius of the past would be to deny theever-working power of God. z? z? Z? z? Z? Z?&amp; Yes, and often do we return, and shall return again, to this necessaryencouragement. Emulation is almost creation. Yes, ,those men or geniusthat cannot be suppassed may be equalled.Z? How ?By being different. Z? Z? Z* Z? Z? VENETIAN COSTUME Translated from the Book of Cesare Vecellio. 1589. by D. Nevile Lees. &amp; &amp; FOREIGN PRINCES AND BARONS IN VENICE. £/ . &amp;'"po the most illustrious city of Venice there usually come in variousseasons of the year many Princes, who for their amusement, and tosee the great splendours and notable things of this marvellous city, re- sort there from various countries, both near and distant, and who weardresses of great value. &amp; The costumes of those Princes or Barons is, on the head a cap of velvetadorned with some rich jewel or medal, and a doublet of satin or silkbuttoned with most beautiful gold buttons, and adorned with beautifullace likewise of gold, with chains around their neck made of enamelledgold, finely worked and enriched with costly jewels. &amp; &amp;&amp; They wear a kind of trousers or breeches of velvet, very fashionable,and most richly embroidered, the linings of which, as also of the doublets,are of cloth of gold or brocade, which is seen through slashes which are,with wonderful skill, made in both breeches and doublet. Their stockingsare of the finest silk, elaborately embroidered and usually black orsilver, and on their feet they wear shoes of blacK leather. Over thisdress they put cloaks of silk, brocade or other stuff, and also of blackFlorentine serge of the finest quality. And this costume is used, withlittle difference, all over Italy by Nobles and other wealthy persons ofposition.| n winter the ladies in many houses in the city use long furs In theRoman style, which are very convenient, and leave the body free forevery kind of work. Many of them wear satin, watered silk and otherstuffs, with linings of martin, and other costly furs.JZ? Some wear these robes over their shifts, and under them a kind ofpetticoat of coloured silk, also lined with fur, and the opening, which isin front, laced together with fine cords or fastened with buttons. Thesepetticoats are usually striped with various colours, the elaborate em- broideries which formerly adorned them having been given up. &amp;But to return to the robe. It has long narrow sleeves reaching to theground, and they gird themselves with that network of silk called posts or else with a silken girdle which at the ends has two buttons or twobows. JE/ &amp; And, even more than among other women this dress is In use amongthe Courtesans, who also have their petticoats more elaborately adornedthan others. It is forbidden these women to wear pearls in the house,and none the less they wear them, It is said, with bracelets and costlypendants at their ears, and they continually stand at the windows tomake love with this one and with that one according to their custom:and, with astute cunning, if for a time they have relations with someVenetian Noble, they usurp the surname of his house, which is thereason that many Foreigners are deceived and believe that they are Ve=netian gentlewomen : and the bawds also strengthen this belief yetmore, for when they have on their hands some Foreigner who desires awoman to amuse himself with, they take one from the public places, and,having decked her out magnificently, they lead her to a secret place,and cause it to be believed that she is a Gentlewoman. Thus it comesabout that the Foreigners, not perceiving the deception, boast of thatwhich Is very far from the truth, the Venetian Gentlewomen being asa rule most jealous of their honour, and mirrors of honesty and modesty.£&gt; &amp; HOUSE-COSTUME OF WOMEN OF RANK. &amp; &amp;of rank, while in the house, usually wear different colouredsilks and brocades made in various fashions. They are also in thehabit of decking themselves with pearls, bracelets, rings and other or- naments. But the Courtesans show themselves about the house muchmore dressed up and more magnificent.&amp; These latter, to increase the charm of their faces, assist it by theartifice of cosmetics and various waters and bleaches. It is easy to reco- gnise this proceeding, because both in the house and out they showthemselves most bold, by displaying not only their faces but a large partof the breast, whitened and painted, and also a part of the embroideredstockings which cover their legs. But between these and the honourablewomen one sees, as in manners, so in adornments, much .difference, itnot being permitted to them by the well ordered laws of the City ofVenice to wear ornaments of pearls like honest womeu : although someof them under some pretext wear them, and they generally wear this present costume, and adopt it like any respectable women of good fa- mily.&amp; RECTOR OP THE UNIVERSITY OF SCHOLARS OF PADUA. u£?A 11 the great Universities have the custom of electing a head who iscalled the Rector, and who is much esteemed and honoured by thescholars and by others ; and the one of Padua, of whom I now intend tospeak, holds the rank of Cavalier and Venetian Nobie so long as he re- tains that position, and at his solemn installation many triumphs andfestivals are held, such as throwing money to the people, banquettingand like things, with a great clamour of voices crying "viva, viva ilRettore!" and calling him by the name of his own country. &amp; 0This Rector covers his head with a cap of black tvelvet, made withpoints similar to that of priests, and a little wider behind. His gown isof gold brocade, with a hood, which goes over the shoulders and is linedwith marten's fur. Beneath this he wears a doublet of satin or othercrimson silk with gold embroidery, and braid or lace also of gold. He hasbreeches to match, and crimson stockings of embroidered silk workedwith the needle; he wears red shoes, and when he goes out he is accom- panied by a great number of scholars.&amp; He often dresses entirely in crimson ; either in velvet, damask orsatin, with great pomp. &amp;I will not stop to tell of the custom of his coming to Venice to pre- sent himself to the most Serene Prince, with the Signoria; when, withmany ceremonies, he is made Cavalier. The prince presents him withthe sword and his Cavalier puts on his golden spurs, and the Rector,having asked.his Serenity to confirm him In the usual privileges and otherthings pertaining to his rank; returns to his appartment with the soundof trumpets, accompanied by the followers of his Serenity and by hisown with a great concourse of people following after. And for the Rectorof the law students as for those of the Arts it is done as here related. A DISCOURSE UPON RHYTHM. 'The following Essay upon Rhythm is taken from a little Frenchbook published anonymously in Amsterdam in 1777 with the title," Discourses on the subject and Condition of Grecian Music towards theMiddle of the Fourth Century before the Common Era JZ? JZ?The Author writes his book in the form of Dialogues which are sup~posed to be held between a stranger arriving in Athens about 360 B. C.and an Athenian disciple of Plato on the subject of music, he having, forthe accomplishment of his purpose made, he tells us, a careful study ofthe works of that period and also of those which treat of the same periodthough written at a later date. JZ? JZ? J3hythm, in general, is a movement, successive and subject to certainproportions. You can distinguish it in the flight of a bird, in thepulsations of an artery, in the steps of a dancer and in the periods orpauses of a speech. In poetry it is the relative duration of the instantstaken in pronouncing the syllables of a verse, and in music, the relativeduration of the various sounds that enter into the composition of a song.Originally the rhythm of music was modeled exactly on that of poetry.You know that In our language every syllable is either long or short.It takes an instant for the pronunciation of a short syllable and two forthat of a long one. The conjunction of several syllables, long and short,forms the beat, or time, and the union of a number of beats, the mea- sure or metre of the verse. Every beat has a motion, a rhythm, dividedInto two periods, the one for the rise and the other for the fall. Homerand the poets, who were his contemporaries, adopted, generally, theheroic style of verse, of which six beats or steps formed the compass, orlength, each of them consisting of two long, or one long and two shortsyllables. Thus four syllabilical instants constitute the duration of eachbeat, and twenty four of these instants the time of the too uniform, that many expressive and sonorous words were excludedbecause they could not be subject to it and that others, in order to berepresented, had to depend upon an adjacent word. An effort, was there- fore, made to introduce new rhythms in poetry.The number has been considerably increased since that time, owingchiefly to the attention bestowed upon the subject by Archilochus, Al- |,V.* , . &gt; . J caeus, Sappho and other poets. They are classed to-day under three mainheads. In the first the rise is equal to the fall. That is the two-timemetre. In the second the duration of the rise is double that of the fail.That Is described as the unequal two time metre, or the equal threetime. In the third the rise is, in its relation to the fall, as 3 is to 2; inother words, supposing the notes to be equal, there would be 3 forthe one time and 2 for the other.' A fourth system is known, in whichthe relation of the time is as 3 to 4, but very little use Is made of it.&amp; Besides this difference of system, there is a still more important one,arising from the number of syllables affected by each time, or period,of rhythm. Thus in the first system the rise and fall may each be formedof one syllabilic instant, or by one short syllable, but this can also happenJr «• Awith 2. 4. 6, and even 8 syllabilic instants, and the effect Is to givesometimes to the complete metre a combination of long and short syl- lables equivalent to 16 syllabilic instants. In the second system thiscombination may even provide 18 of these instants. In the third one*'. A 5/ ,r of the periods may receive from 3 shorts up to is, and the others from* f ' *I short up to 10, or their equivalents, so that the whole measure, com- prising 25 syllabilic instants, exceeds, by one of these instants, thecompass, or range, of epic verse, and may include up to 18 long or shortsyllables. 0 j&amp; If to the variety that this more or less rapid flow of instants givesto rhythm, you add that which arises from the mingling and Interlacingof rhythms, and that which springs from the musician's caprice, when,according to the nature of the passions he desires to express, he eitherraises or drops the metre, without in the least altering the proportions,you will readily understand that, in a concert, our ears must be un- '' " V*.ceasingly agitated by the movements submitted, which both excite and■V, ' &gt; - 'astonish us. Lines placed at the head of a piece of music indicate itsrhythm, and the Leader, or Conductor, announces it from an elevatedposition in the Orchestra to the musicians and dancers, who are conti- nually watching his actions. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; I have observed, I remarked, that Choirmasters beat time, sometimeswith the hand and at others with the foot. I have even seen one ofthem, whose shoes were soled with iron, and 1 can avouch that, in hiscase, the beating of time by the feet, and the noise that it made, con- siderably interfered with my attention and pleasure. Philotime smiled and continued.Plato compares poetry when separated from song, to a face, that losesits beauty when it loses the flower of its youth. I should compare songwithout rhythm to regular features without soul and without expres- sion. It is, above all, in this way that music excites the emotions we allexperience. The musician has, so to speak, nothing more than the meritof choice; all rhythms have inherent and distinct properties. Let thetrumpet sound a loud and lively and impetuous rhythm, and you canfancy that you hear the cries of the combatants and conquerors. Youwill have noticed this in our valiant songs and warlike dances. Again*let a number of voices transmit to your ear, In a simple modulation,sounds following slowly one upon another, and you will fall, naturally,into meditation. Should these songs Include the praise of the Gods, youwill be impressed with the feeling of respect, which their presence in- spires ; it is that which guides the rhythm, and which, in our religiousceremonies, directs both hymns and dance. &amp; &amp;&amp; The character of rhythm is determined in that the transposition of asingle syllable is sufficient to change it. We often, in versification, admittwo fundamentals, the " iambus" and the ''trochee", both equally com- posed of one long and one short syllable, with this difference, that the« iambus " begins with a short and the 44 trochee " with a long one. Theone suits the gravity of a rustic dance, the other the warmth of an ani- mated discussion. As at every step, the 44 iambus " seems to redouble itsardour, and the 44 trochee" to lose it, it is with the first that satyricwriters pursue their enemies, and with the second that dramatistssometimes excite and stir up choirs of aged men on the There is no motion, whether In nature or In our passion, that doesnot find, in the diverse kinds of rhythm, movements that correspondwith them, and become their image, or counterpart. These relations areso fixed that a song loses all Its charm if the time is confused, and ifour minds do not receive, in accordance with well understood conditions,a periodical succession or sequence, or sensations that they expect. Thusthe directors of our plays and of our festivals are never weary in train- ing different actors and others, to whose skill and care they entrusttheir glory. THE THREE PRINCES OF SALERNO. A Scenario(1) of the Commedia dell'Arte. &amp; CHARACTERS.Oronte. Captain and soldiers.Fabio Brothers. Cola, servant to Lionello.Leonello. Stoppino.Briseida, Oronte's wife. Ghost of Brlseida.Rosetta servant. Ghost of Leonello.Pandolfo. Ghost of Rosetta.Übaldo. Counsellors.Dottore.The scene takes place In Salerno. &amp; ACT 1. SCENE 1. &amp;Oronte and Counsellors.Oronte discourses about the revolted city of Says that the army isready ; asks counsel as to whether he should go himself or send oneof his brothers. The counsellors exhort him to go himself. He consents,and in this &amp; &amp;SCENE 2. &amp;Fabio and the aforesaid.&amp; He (Pablo) tells Oronte that he has thought to march against therebels. Oronte wishes to go himself and that Fabio remain to govern.Gives him orders as to the administration, and all go out. SCENE 3.Rosetta and Cola.&amp; Act a love scene. Speak of going to the war. Cola does not want togo. Afterwards they plight their faith as sposi. &amp; &amp; &amp; 0 SCENE0 Fabio and Übaldo. A Room.He desires her and orders Übaldo to go and speak to her and withintwo hours to conduct her to his rooms i and says that if he does not doso he will be punished with death. Übaldo goes out troubled. a0 SCENE 0Leonello and Cola•They act a scene about the war and that Cola is to hold himself inreadiness to go with his master under pain of death because Leonellowants to follow Oronte; He goes off and Cola remains. &amp; &amp;0 SCENE 6. 0Ubaldo and Cola.0 Übaldo acts a scene about the two hours ; declaims against the Prince.In this Cola acts a scene at cross purposes. Übaldo about having topersuade Briseida, Cola about the war. In the end they understand eachother. Übaldo begs Cola that he say nothing to anyone. He promises notto speak. Goes away to tell his master. Übaldo remains, and in this 0 SCENE 7. 00 Übaldo and Fabio.0 Fabio asks Übaldo if he has spoken to Briseida. Says that letters havecome to Fabio from her husband; that she must therefore go to fetchthem. Calls, and in this 0 0 0 0 &amp; *0 SCENE 8. 00 Rosetta, Briseida, and Übaldo and .0 Rosetta acts a scene with Übaldo; afterwards calls Briseida. Übaldosays that letters have arrived from her husband ; therefore she must goto Fabio. She goes out gaily and all go off. 0 0 &amp; &amp;0 SCENE 9. 00 Leonello and Cola.0 Leonello asks if he has prepared himself to go to the war. Cola tellsabout Fabio and Briseida. Leonello goes fout indignant. *0 SCENE 10. 00 Fabio and then Leonello and Cola and Briseida. Room and Bed.0 Fabio reveals his love to Briseida. She is unwilling. He acts with vio- lence. In this Leonello prevents him. Pablo goes out angry saying thathe who treats him so may take the consequences. Briseida goes off ;thanks Leonello, who has no fear.&amp; END OF ACT 1. &amp;ACT 2. SCENE 1. &amp;Fabio, Pandolfo, Übaldo, and Cola at the side.Pablo declares that whoever shall kill Leonello shall have a hundredthousand scudos as reward and that this be proclaimed. They protestagainst the cruelty of Pablo and all go out.&amp; SCENE 2. &amp; Leonello, Rosetta,Cola and Briseida.Leonello speaks about his brother's cruelty. Cola says that there isthe reward of a hundred thousand scudos. He laments. Knocks at Bri- seida's house. Rosetta comes. Lazzi with Cola. Calls Briseida. Leonellosays that for her safety and her honour it is necessary that she go toher husband's camp. She must therefore dress herself as a man and goout through the garden door so as not to be seen. They agree. Rosettadoes the same with Cola, and all go out.• SCENE 3.Stoppino, Fabio,Captain and two others. Pablo proclaims the price set on Leonello's life and orders these twounknown men to kill Briseida, Rosetta, Leonello and Cola and not todoubt that he will protect them; goes out. they to take theirplaces in the garden and all about •&amp;' SCENE 4.&amp; Briseida, Rosetta and aforesaid.&lt;£&gt; They (the men) see these two coming; believe them to be Leonelloand Cola. Slay them. Afterwards see them to be Briseida and Rosetta. Gooff to meet Fabio. £?&amp;&amp;&amp;£&gt;&amp;£&gt;SCENE 5.&amp; Pandolfo and Leonello.Leonello says that he does not know how to escape from his brother'swrath. Wants to take refuge in Pandolfo's house, he (Pandolfo) says thatto do so would ruin him. He enters by force. Pandolfo remains. SCENECola, Fabio, Captain and others and Pandolfo.£/ Cola relates how he has been pursued so as to be killed. Seeks hismaster. In this he sees Fabio and runs away. Fabio says that he hassearched for his brother; has suspected that he may be in Pandolio'shouse. Questions him (Pandolfo). He denies. Fabio wants to clear thematter up. Sends the Captain Into the house, he goes in and then comesout frightened because Leonello has beaten him. Fabio goes in becausehe wants to kill him (Leonello) with his own hands. They presently comeout quarrelling. Leonello falls. They go away. Leonello iying on the groundenlarges on his brother's cruelty. In this SCENE 7.&amp; Cola and the aforesaid.Sees his master who is dying, his lazzi. He (Leonello) asks for writingmaterials. Cola brings everything. He writes to Oronte with his blood ;gives the letter to Cola to deliver and dies. Cola goes off, and in thisSCENE 8. uzz&amp; Fabio, Captain, and soldiers and afterwards Cola.&amp; Fabio desires the death of Cola so that he may not bear the news toOronte. In this they see him (Cola). Want to kill him. He defends himselfwith a whip and other means. &amp; &amp;&amp; END OF ACT 2. &amp;&amp; ACT 3. SCENE 1. &amp;Fabio and three Counsellors.Fabio has news that his brother Oronte is returning victorious fromthe rebellious city and is already at hand. Therefore it is time they as- sist him. He orders that at a distance of two miles they prepare sump- tuous refreshments and wants them to mix a strong poison with all thefood so that his brother and the others may die and says that he, re- maining lielr to the State, will reward them; Goes to get the poison.They remain. They want to promise all and to reveal the treachery toOronte. &amp;&amp; SCENE 2. &amp;Oronte and Court. Afterwards the ghost of Briseida. A wood.It seems to him (Oronte) a thousand years until he can see his wife and brothers. He feels tired ; sits down ; falls asleep. The ghost of Bri=seida comes: says " Vengeance, vengeance, beloved husband, if you desiremy rest In this &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; SCENE 3.Ghost of Leonello,ghost of Roseiih, aforesaid.&amp; Leonello's ghost says, " Vengeance, vengeance, beloved brother, if youdesire that Leonello may restln this comes the ghost of Rosetta; says" vengeance, so that Rosetta may rest". In this Oronte awakens trembling.Sees no one. Asks the Captain if he has seen anyone. He says no. Inthis j0 &amp;SCENE 4.Cola dressed in mourning. (ridiculous), and the aforesaid.Cola gives news of all that has happened: delivers the letter. Orontereads it: expatiates. They go to the city.&amp; SCENE 5. ss&gt;Fabio and Pandolfo.Acts a scene ; believes that Oronte is dead. In this Pandolfo givesnews of Oronte's arrival. Pabio laments, but is not afraid because heintends to deny all; and go out.&amp; SCENE 6. &amp;&amp; Pandolfo, Übaldo, Oronte and Fabio.Oronte questions the counsellors who recount all. He mourns. In thiscomes Pabio; wants to salute his brother who gives him a blow: reproa- ches him ; sentences him to be executed with his accomplices. Pabio isled away. Oronte withdraws and all go off. &amp;&amp; FINAL SCENE &amp;Cola acts as he likes, (a suo modo). goes off. Pablo expatiates : putshis neck under the axe. His head is shown to the people and the playends. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;Properties required. £?Cloaks for the ghosts.Axe and prison.&amp; Black hangings.&amp; Letter written In blood.*&amp;■ Mourning for Cola. (I) For some directions as to the method of staging a Scenario see " The Mask " October 1911, page 113. DOMENICO BIANCOLELLI. A Biographical Note. The Actor, Domenico Biancolelli. (1) p|omenlco BlancoleLi, whose portrait is given in the present numberof The Mask, was one of the prominent figures of that Commediadell'Arte which held the Italian stage [for two centuries [and includedsuch great actors as Andrelni, Riccoboni, Fiorelli, Ganassa, Costantino,Martinelli and Sacco, those 44 masked giants " who carried their art ofImprovisation into many lands besides their own, who 44 strode across44 the centuries for a while, helping Shakespeare, suckling Moli&amp;re, crea- -44 ting Goldoni, and being driven away from the haunts of men by the44 ungrateful children they had reared &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;He was born according to Jal and others at Bologna in 1646, but CarloCanth, his step-father, gives the date as between 1637 and 1638. It isCanth who also gives his second name as Giuseppe, though other bio- graphers make no mention of this second name nor have documents beenfound signed with any but the first, 44 Domenico which he alwaysused, becoming famous afterwards in France as a comedian under thisname alone.&amp; When he was still but a child his mother, Isabella Biancolelli-Franchini,known on the stage as 44Columbine", married again, her second husbandbeing Carlo Canth, a most expert Zanni whose professional name was44 Buffetto ", and who seems to have given the boy his first educationand probably Instilled Into him the fundamental idea of that type whichhe was to render supremely famous in later years. Domenico, one of a family of actors, seems, while still a youth, tohave acted in the company of the celebrated Tabarini at Vienna before,by invitation of Louis XIV in a letter of July sth &lt;661 to the Duke ofParma, he was sent to Paris. &amp;It appears that this was not his first visit but that he had previouslybeen in Paris towards the end of 1645 when 44 Buffetto " was called thereto act, Buffetto himelf relating how, after having presented bimself andbeing received with every honour by the sovereigns and by CardinalMazarin, a present of money and a 44 most beautiful suit" were givento 44 Menghlno In any case, whether this previous visit be fact or not, he went there to act under good auspices since his parents had performedsuccessfully in Paris years before.&amp; At the time when he joined the Italian Company the first Zanni wasLocatelli, known as "Trivelino Biancoielli became the second until, onthe death of Triveilino in 1671, he took his place, retaining the mask ofHarlequin and shortly becoming the idol of the company.On April 22nd, 1663 he married Orsola Cortesi, known as "Eularia",by whom he had eight children, three of these, two boys and a girl, fol- lowing their parents upon the stage.in April 1680 he became a naturalized Frenchman, together with hiswife, and throughout his life in France he received many honours, (theking himself standing godfather to his eldest son), and also many sub- stiantal proofs of recognition, as is witnessed by the fact that on hisdeath he left a sum amounting to 100,000 scudi to his heirs. &amp; He died on August 3nd, 1688, it may almost be said of devotion tothe king, having over-heated himself in the performance of a dance inwhich Louis took especial delight. The Comddie Itafien remained closedfor nearly a month in sign of mourning, and on the day when It reopeneda placard was affixed to the wails of Paris setting forth the loss whichhad been sustained and the sorrow which It caused. His place as Har- lequin was taken by Evaristo Gherardi. (il Biancoielli originated many pieces for the both alone andtogether with Du Fresny. and although it is not certain if he had muchactual learning, It is very sure that he possessed that which supplied itsplace,.,, the gift of improvisation, the technical knowledge of the stagewhich led to his being acclaimed as one of the greatest actors of his time. (1) We are indebted for much information relative to this actor to the 44 Comlci Italiani " by Luigl Rasl. (1) See The Mask. April 1911. BOOK REVIEWS. PLA YS FOR AN IRISH THE A TREby W. B. Yeats. With Designs byGordon Craig. A. H. Bullen.Price eight shillings and six- pence.jy|r Yeats Is a great play-writer,and without question the great- est of the Irish play-writers. I sooften hear people talking of Syngeand so seldom of Yeats. They seemto have been touched by Synge'sforce,.but that in all probabilityis because they have read his plays.&amp; it is different when you come....or they come.... to Yeats. Therethey are not touched, not havingread his plays. But whoever canread "On Baile's Strand" or "Cath=ieen ni Houlihan" and not be thrilledwith the excitement of great thingshappening has no blood in his body,no life in his heart. £? &amp;&amp; The dramatic power of " OnBaile's Strand " is of the very finest quality. The whole play is alivewithout any doubt; It moves, itmoans, it cries.... it reaches out itshands to you; and, when the tragedyhas been enacted and the doors haveclosed, the voices wail behind thedoors and, like the waves and windrise, fall and break their soul uponthe barriers; they reach throughto one's heart, they pierce thewalls and drown us in a spiritualecstasy.Mr Yeats has struggled with thestage. He has altered his verse andhis dramas to fit the stage. He hasdone wrong. His dramas are not forthe stage because the stage Is alawless place where no kind of le=gality is valued. His plays as theywere at first are as well fitted forthe modern stage as are Shake*speare's plays,... that is to say, notat all. &amp; &amp;&amp; But no amount of altering will make them fit better, A properhandling of them by a stage managerof power would make people thinkthey fitted perfectly, would foolthem, fbr people are such dunder- heads when they come to the thea- tre. They only want to be taken In.Art does not take people In.Dante takes nobody in, and Bachdoes not deceive you. The builderof the Parthenon had no ambitionto get the best of his audience andGiotto was not concerned withcheating. Yet it is still held that wehave to consider the audience in atheatre and carry them away becausethey come there, (so it is still said)to be fooled.&amp; Well then, any trick can do thattrick. Imitation flames thirty feethigh will thrill idiots because flamesare the last things we expect to seeon the stage. A crowd of girls withbare backs and legs wriggling suf- ficiently in half lights will do itequally well because we are not yetused to bare backs and legs galoreon the stage. But turn up the lights,make everything honest, work likean artist and not like a conjurer,and no one will care about it.In short, unless people are shocked,and deceived, in a theatre they aredisappointed.Oh wonderful Idiots! Oh won- derful Theatre! how honestly youhave sold yourself soul and body toevery man you have met.jg?Congratulations ! ...but you havenoticed what Is coming, 1 suppose ?You have seen and heard of MotionPictures ? I think I hear you al=ready packing your trunks. The olddays were joyous ones to what thenew ones will be. You are now toexperience the bitterness of havingbeen treacherous to yourself. After=wards you will respect the Poet andyourself ...nor lie to hini ever again. SHAKESPEARE. A STUDY, byD arret I Figgis. Dent. Five Shil- lings net.jyir Figgis evidently possesses thegift of assimilation. He has as~similated the works of ProfessorAllbright, Mr Frank Harris and manyothers, ....indeed, one feels he musthave read and digested most of thebooks ever written aboutpeare,.. and he has produced a studywhich, with the exception of somefew passages, anyone might readwith protit. Perhaps one must admitwith profit rather than pleasure, forthere is more hardness than charmin Mr Figgis's efficient handling ofall this material, which is dlsappoin=ting, for something more beautifulwas to be expected from one whoclaims kinship with the poets. &amp; Still, his capacity for taking pains 1commands admiration, and the two 1chapters on Shakespeare's Life and IStage are excellent summaries. &amp; 1&amp; The chapters on the " Art44 Craft" and "Thought" of Shake- speare are less happy. They manifest,for instance, a grave misunderstan- ding, common to many literary men,of the very meaning of the word44 Drama " In such passages as thefollowing:44 This question of Diction in" Drama Is the prime matter of all44 interest, since it is words and" words alone, that form the ex- -44 pression of Drama ". 44 Only by44 dramatic speech can dramatic44 thoughts or emotions be concei- -44 ved ". 44 The Art of all Drama is44 to express each emotion in its44 natural and apt diction ", "Speech44 being the only agency of drama".&amp; If Mr Figgis would but refer tothe derivation of the word Dramaas given by Professor Skeat (i) hewould find it to be Action and notthe Word, and one feels justified inconsidering that anyone who has soclouded an idea on such a funda- mental matter is hardly very wellqualified to teach others. £?On some other subjects also MrFiggis's thought seems to be con- fused, as when, in writing of Sym- bolism, he stigmatizes it as " gene- rally a confession of failure on thepart of the artist, as though he hadnot enough emotional power to giveus actuality", and in the followingpassage, though perhaps his meaningis clear as plate-glass to himself, itmust be admitted to be a littleclouded to the reader, who is toldthat: 44 the husband that slew hiswife when wild with liquor, isRealism : the splendour of first lovebringing thoughts of divinity, isReality. " &amp;it Is, in short, a disappointmentthat one who can at times speak sowell should at other times speakso ill, and it would be quite unne- cessary ever to do so if Mr Figgiswould but get his mind clear as towhat Drama really is before henext sits down to write about it.When the premises are right it isso much more probable that theconclusions will work out right also.The book, which is well printedby Mr Dent, contains two plans ofthe 44 Globe " stage. &amp; &amp; (1) See " The Mask" July 1908. . AN ACTOR'S NOTE BOOKSI Frank Archer. Stanley Paul. Price' seven shillings and six pence nett• 'T'hree hundred and twenty fivepages of letters, talk and anecdoteabout well-known people on, or con- nected with, the stage in &lt;the lasthalf century, with forty two illu°&gt;strations, chiefly portraits. jg? THE FLIGHT OF THE DRAGONby Laurence Binyon. John Mur- ray• Price two shillings net. jz?Everything that comes from MrBinyon is wei! done, and wel=come. This latest book is quite thebest in the interesting series knownas " The Wisdom of the EastSeries. " g? &amp; &amp; &amp;title, though, reads like thetitle of some romance. One alsothinks about a certain Duchess whoflew. But this Dragon in flight is afine sight. He is so coy, this Dragon,that one is compelled to chase him.When chasing take the very largestnet with the very finest mesh : eventhen he'll escape you. But the chaseis the main thing; you feel betterafter the exercise. &amp;&amp; Mr Binyon translates for us againthe six Canons of Painting laid downfor the Chinese in the sixth centuryby Hsieh Ho, and his translation isclearer and better than those ofGiles, Hirth or Petrucci. He thengoes into the jaws of the terriblesix and takes us in after him. That'show I chased the Dragon... inside.But that's only because words arealways the most unfriendly thingsto me and I to the iti» j£? Yet his whole chapter on Rhythmand its magic is almost clear to me,and here and there I understandmany other passages; but like allgood things this Dragon got away....without me. &amp; There is one interesting noteabout a Sung artist Tuang Ch'i, whichshows us what a Futurist wants tobe and do; It is about suggestion.This artist, it is said, painted apicture called " Wind, Mist and Aboutto Rain " and it was "so full ofdepth, and caused the beholder tocall up images out of its indefinite- ness, now appearing, now vanish"ing, without end " ; and I supposethat if ever a Futurist should becomeprofound, modest, courageous andobedient even as was the old Chinesemaster, then he would also be ableto " cause the beholder" to do justas the spirit prompted him toaesire. There is so much in this littlebook that I would like to quote thatI could easily cover ten pages ofthis magazine if I were allowed to.But 1 must quote a few of the oldChinese sayings which Mr Binyonloves to repeat. jgf■£? " Painting and writing are one" and the same art; whoever knew" a good writer begin by making a*' sketch ? " &amp; &amp; i suppose he meaqs a calligiapner,not a literary gent. &amp;jg. Again, when the artist-emperor(oh for an artist-emperor in England!)Hui-Tsung established his academy,(prick up your ears, oh R. A's), andcompetitions for places in it wereheld, the successful painters werethose who most triumphantly usedthe principle of suggestion. 44 Thus44 one of the subjects given was an44 illustration of a line of poetry,44 4Thehoofof his steed comes back44 heavily charged with the scent of44 the trampled flowers'. The success- -44 ful artist was one who painted a44 rider with a cluster of butterflies44 following at the horse's heels. "&amp; And lastly a fine quiet passage byMr Blnyon wherein he reminds usthat even 44 in Europe, artists haveever been jealous of their freedomand have insisted on their indepen- dence with even greater pride, be- cause, with so many of them, their artwas not a profession but a passion. "I like that very much* How doesthe profession like it ?You wicked old humbugs, whathave you done with your art ? JAMES MCNEILL WHISTLERby Frank Rutter. Grant Richards.Price one shilling. £?It seems at first sight rather super- fluous that any other book should have been published for a while withthe great Pennell work in everyone'shand, but this little book by MrRutter has a number of good thingsin it. There are some passages byMr Walter Sickert, too, which ofcourse lend a particular interest. &amp;&amp; Then we have the second famoustrial retold here, the result of whichwas, as Mr Rutter tersely puts it,44 the establishing the right of an44 artist to control his own work and44 the precedent that a work of art,44 whether commissioned or not, was*4 the property of the artist till it44 passed out of his possession. " &amp;This result should be betterknown; it would prevent the tyrannywhich knaves are allowed to exerteverv day over the artists of London.&amp; The illustrations in the bookletare good considering how great istheir reduction. There are twentyfour of them. ON THE ART OF THE THEATREhy Gordon Craig. Heinemann.Price six shillings net. &amp; &amp;In this volume the soul of thetheatre is articulate. At last anartist of the theatre has spoken asthe authentic critic of its art.... acreator of it. Por too long the thea- tre's art has been interpreted onlyfrom outside, by its commentatorsand purveyors; for the first time, In the fullness of modern expe-Jrience and prophecy, it is revealedfrom within, by its artist-expert,Gordon Craig, *' On the Art of theTheatre." In this astonishing volumehe pulls the shrill and tawdry play- houses of two hemispheres clatte- mring about our ears in dust heaps,and from this revolution he rebuildsserene and joyous temples for theaspiring mind. Perhaps no taskcould be more nobly imaginativeand difficult than his :....• to makeclear and comprehensible the out- lines of a beauty yet-to-be.But this task he has well-nighaccomplished in a style so simple,confiding and undismayed, that thereader soon feels himself borneonward, as friend with friend, incharmed conversation. This style,which grants fellowship with suchlargess, is itself a sign of the seeking,fcreative spirit which imbues thewhole work. Whether we agree withits author in whole, or only in part,or not at all, one startling convic- tion abides from the reading of thisbook: that, because of it, neveragain can we think of the theatreas before.&amp; Here in this volume its art isreborn in creative beauty. GordonCraig, who conceived this regenera- tion, is himself a worker in the thea- tre: that is welcome proof that visionis at work there. jZ? Percy Mackaye. MOVING P I C T U RE S, byFrederick A. Talbot. WilliamHeinemann. Eight shillings. &amp;is one of the most remarkablebooks for the student of theTheatre and explains a number ofmysteries. It explains in particularthat mystic marriage in England ofTheatre and Music Hall. It explainswhy half the theatres in London aredying, and it explains the actor outof existence.jg? it does all this by relentlesslyrelating facts, and facts are still asstubborn things as ever they were.&amp; This book will be often referredto in our columns.... it is a fund ofinformation; and there are hundredsof interesting, amusing and instruc- tive pictures.TWO PLAYS BYTranslated with Notes, etc-, byGeorge Calderon, Grant Richards.Three" shillings and sixpence net.npo Mr George Calderon everyoneowes a debt of gratitude for takingthe trouble to give us even two ofthese plays. Let us hope we may getthe other three " important plays "next, and after that the Farces inone Act apiece. &amp;As one of the European Familythe Englishman ought to be able to know how his Russian cousins writeand so gain some slight idea howRussians do not think. For a greatauthor does not reflect the life ofhis period; he creates a new lifewhich veils the actual one.This is what Tchekof does,... andthe crowd are again cheated,But we rather deplore the secondparagraph in this charming collabo- ration by Tchekof and Calderon. Itis there stated that while our" new Drama" (in England,) "is still44 in its plastic age, still capable of44 new impressions... It is good for all44 who cherish it, playwrights, critics44 and spectators, to keep the best44 foreign models before their eyes ".That seems particularly weak. &amp;£? Omit the word 44 playwrights "and all would be harmless enough,but to suggest as a remedy forEnglish sloth and timidity a dose ofRussian art is altogether meaningless.If Synge, our Irishman, had 44 cher- ished " Tchekof and in his 44 plastic "period had received a Russian 44 im- pression " would it have done hima scrap of good ? For the Russiandramatic literature is not schooled ;it has not built upon principles asold as they are sound ; it is full ofattractive pitfalls for the impressio- nable playwright.&amp; Tchekof is often quoted in the Preface ; in a letter to Shtcheglofhe wrote: " Be objective; look ateverything with your customarykind eyes; sit down and write us astory or play of Russian life, not acriticism of Russian life, but thejoyful song of a goldfinch aboutRussian life and human life in gene- ral, life which is given us but onceand which it is foolish to waste onexposing the wickedness of " soand so. "The joyful song of a goldfinch"is good; that is something worthcreating. And to do that the studyof Tchekof is unnecessary. THE S/INIT Y OF ART by BernardShaw. Constable.One shilling net.'X'he Sanity of Art " is one of MrShaw's latest and earliest books.It has the subtitle of "An Exposureof the Current Nonsense about Ar=tists being Degenerate ". &amp;j£? It was originally published in 1895as a magazine article to vanquishDr Max Nordau who had just suc- ceeded in an attack against nearlyall the artists of the Nineteenthcentury based on an accusation thatthey were more or less idiots. Itwas republished as a booklet lastyear to vanquish... himself, who,as Mr Bernard Shaw the familiarfriend of the Art of the Theatre, hadin 1909 made the same assertion as Dr Nordau.Here are his own words: " The" reason that all artists become" more or less idiots (In the strict" sense of the word) is that they so" seldom get that discipline in con- -44 vincing and considering other44 people that a committee affords".Therefore we see that familiaritywith all the arts in 1895 and there- abouts bred in Mr Shaw his contemptfor the artists in 1909,Well, that is all I have to sayabout the book. It is a mistake toattack or defend Artists on theirArt, and Mr Shaw having done bothmerely renders to himself that towhich he is entitled But whatan awful waste of time and energyin so capable a citizen as our firstSocialist. BOUGHT BOOKS. n/tany of the books which theEditor handles are really notworth reviewing, for seldom canone urge the reader of The Maskto buy the book; they are not worthbuying. Still, there are many booksnot sent to us for review whichcertainly are worth buying, and ithas been decided that The Maskshall take the unusual course of pur- chasing books and reviewing underthe separate heading of " Bought Books " even those books publishedquite a while ago And may itgive confidence to the reader ofthese Reviews. A DIGIT OF THE MOON. Pricethree shillings and sixpence. £*A HEIFER OF THE DA WN. Pricetwo shillings and sixpence by F.W. Bain. Methuen. &amp;TP hese two little books are so wellknown that to those who haveread them this note will seem su=peril uous.Published somewhere about 1904,they came out on the huge tidalwave of the publishing season andfloated off like two rose leaves andnobody marked them, for not morethan five or ten thousand copieswere struck off, therefore only afew people possessed these master- pieces of perfect loveliness.They are so divinely made thatthey stand apart from all otherbooks known to me. £?DO you know what happiness is?Let me tell you that happiness iswithin the covers of these two books,for therein dwells the essence oflife and love: therein is whisperedthe loveliest of tales; therein arepressed the two hemispheres ofbeauty, the earth's sweetness andgrandeur can be upon you in aninstant. What do you know of the loveof a woman which is at once au s=terely noble and delicately sweet ?Here it Is for you within thesebooks. There she walks, turns, runs,smiles, " where the blue lakes are" filled with rows of silver swans," and where, on steps of lapis-Iazulij" the peacocks dance in agitation at44 the murmur of the thunder In the44 hills Where the stars and thesky are shown to be as great anillusion as are their reflection inthe seas, but where the little lamplighted by a woman whose faith wasstrong and sent floating on thebroad Ganges is shown to be a rea- lity which is indestructable.&amp; But I am only thinking of oneof the two books, the 44 Heifer ofthe Dawn ", for 1 read it last. It Is4kthe greater of the two marvels for1 read it second, and all great worksof art have the unique power ofdestroying for the time the remem- brance of all other works of art,'even the most perfect. &amp; ZULE1KA DOBSON by MaxBeerbohm.A fine example of fine art. MrMax Beerbohm was born an artistand he has not wasted his time.Having first of all played withpeople on paper, becoming the firstcaricaturist of the Victorian era, he passed on to the writing of shortand perfect essays. And now in thisremarkable novel about a MissZuleika Dobson Mr Beerbohm takeshis third step. The book is just asdeliberate, just as cautious as hasbeen Mr Beerbohm's advance. It Isthe work of a master who walksalong the really difficult and dange- rous path and all along the wayplays with this and with thatemotion and thought as though thewhole thing were just a gamethat can be played any day and byanyone.9Not only is there not a dull pageIn the book; .... there is not a pagewhich is not profound. The imagi- nation is touched. When at thebeginning 1 saw the train comlmginto the Oxford station 1 was justkeen to see all the doors swingopen, and I was wild with joy whenthe first one let Zuleika escape fromit. 1 once saw a girl come in throughthe door of a picture gallery; Itwas just like that I felt when MrBeerbohn opened thedoorofZuleika'scoupe.But when I followed her pastthose statues, those emperors whosesilences become appalling In theiragony, and saw her sitting amidsther gorgeous library of books;when I heard her slightly weary voice calling to Melisande to undressher, and watched her silentlypondering over her amazing adven- ture with the canister and the fishof gold, then all my excitementfor her left me and I regarded heras one of the few marionettes ofgreat import in the hands of a geniuswho cares only for his inspirationbecause, with it, he can calculate awork of art into being. &amp;JZ? Such genius Is only very rare,and have we a doubt that this isthe rarest kind ? Is not the creatorof Zuleika still unfamiliar to us ?Has he stepped before the curtain ?Do we ever even see his hands asthey manipulate the strings ? Whilewatching this figure of a doll whichhe allows to swing out, sometimesas palpitating as a real woman yetalways swathed and incased as inivory or marble, we applaud withour customary unnecessary enthu- siasm in the hope that we may lurethe magician from his high place thathe may reveal himself and his secretand bob to our insulting approval.Yet he does not answer.... nor appear.He makes no sign. He is twice pres- sed, for while we cannot derive anypublic pleasure from this artist, wehave the great happiness of feelingthat there are no limitations to hisart, except those he sternly sets to it. A HISTORY OF PANTOMIMEby R. J. Broadbent 1901. SimpkittMarshall and Co.nphe price of this Interesting littlebook I know not, for it was boughtby a friend and given to me. Butit is worthy of a nice long noticeif only the space permitted. It iscuriously inaccurate and yet full ofinformation which is often accurateenough. It is quite the best bookupon the subject that I know of inthe English language. And it isthe only book I know of whichmentions a work by Rich the greatLondon Harlequin.This book, says Mr Broadbent, iscalled " Companion to the LatinDictionary " and 1 suppose is concer- ned with Dumb Show words.It is evident that the author lovedand loves his subject for it looks asif he had issued the book at his ownexpense. He is a Liverpool man, andthe only one in England who seemsto realize passionately that Dramais all a matter of Gesture.^Bravo, Mr Broadbent 1 6We raiseour glass of Italian Chianti and welooks towards you. THE THEATRE. IN GERMANY, HOLLAND, RUSSIA, ENGLAND AND FRANCE.A Series of Letters from Gordon Craig. Arivederci....! Gordon Craig dear Semar..&lt;2? JZ? &lt;£? .sS&gt; It is long since I wrote you a letter from a great city telling you about the theatres there. Thelast time I wrote to you I was InMoscow. There were a number ofinteresting things to tell you about.Now I am in Paris, .. .and there isnothing at all to say. After Moscow...the Beresina. &amp; JZ&gt; &amp;&amp; I passed that fatal spot safelyenough but all my remembrances ofthe Art theatres of Europe weredrowned. No more Art Theatres forme. This is in no way to be construedas suggesting dissatisfaction with theTheatre of M. Stanlslawsky. On thecontrary my enthusiasm for theMoscow Art Theatre is just what itwas. There are one or two rats inthe building but they don't count;as soon as the ship shows the leastsign of sinking they'll desert, andwe shall all see them .... and theirtads. But after such a theatre other Art Theatres are out of the reckon=ing and other non=art theatresnon existent. jgr But the Art of the Theatre stillcalls and 1, feeling refreshed aftermy late experience at Moscow, turnto the question of the Art withrenewed pleasure and determination.Why, Semar, there are treinen=dous things to be done. We haven'tyet got near the thing; Über=roario=nettes and wordless plays andactorless dramas arethe more obvioussteps to a far deeper mystery. It isthat we have to peer into. &amp;JZ? I remember years and years ago...I think it was ini9ii.... speakingwith you almost seriously about thedoings of certain dangerous peopleas we used to call them,..." actormanagers ", 44 English leadersLet me tell you, my friend, that whenI got to London this last autumnI was assured on all sides that theywere of so little danger, of so little importance, that serious peoplenever even considered them; thatthese old fellows whom we used todiscuss, attack, and all the rest ofIt were all as dead as door nails.1 felt quite out of date, i assure you.Mention T, (whom heaven forbidthat I should ever mention again)and eyebrows went up and somesigns of impatience could be remar- ked in the listener's manner; thenas I continued to speak of T. (who,save the mark, shall ne'er again bespoken of), i would be told withsome visible signs of gentle forbea- rance that the old fellow no longercounted. Now that makes me wantfor the first time to take up armsagainst his enemies. Dead, finished?why, he must be rescued. But I knowenough of the nervous figure to knowthat he would even resent that. Solet him be where he has fallenand let us get on to pleasant things.I shall have my school soon andmy theatre, and we shall announcea programme and stick to it,....a rare thing omitted by most ma- nagements.&amp; We shall neither play up nordown to the public, (had you there,Semar I) but we shall just experimentwith fresh things each day, monthand year, and if anyone likes whatwe do, all the better ; if they don't like what we do, all the worse. Butwe shall not change our programme.&amp; There will be no need. We shallrespect the Censor and be loyal tothe King, because neither the Censornor his Majesty ever interfereswith straightforward workers inany branch of art or science.And our art we shall try to makeas scientific as possible, We shallmove slowly ; never shall immediateeffect be sought for nor immediatefailure shunned. We shall be in nohurry, why should we? Ourhappiness like that of every norma!artist consists in doing our work notin results: the day there are nomore experiments to test, no morebye-paths to adventure on; whennothing but the goal is there beforeus to claim and proclaim,.... on thatday we and the other artists onearth can go to sleep; there'll beno more use for us. JZ?For all we are crazy about is thelimitless. What kind of fool is it whoonly desires that which is limited byhis perceptions ? what kind of Artwould that be which had an edge ?Art is not here nor there; it isthat which lies between this andthat. Nor can you pin it down atrest. Dependent upon motion itglidesor careers from now to the hereafter,from every yesterday to every to- morrow: governed by the laws ofTime and by Number it is yet Indes- tructable for no one can touch it asit passes.Come on, then, Semar I get yourfleetest steed and join me In thegrandest sport that ever an Eng- *lishman went in for. &amp; &amp;gut before starting off 1 mustn'tforget some of my old friends. Thecommittee who invited me over toLondon last summer, and thecommittee who have become theprotectors of my school. And I have aword to say about some new friendsFirst Brown and Philips of theLeicester Galleries: then WilliamHeinemann. These have been to methe best of friends. The first madeit possible for me to show my Lon- don public some of my designs andmodels. What a delightful time Ihad in that Leicester Gallery! Howcourteous and friendly to me wereits directors; how considerate to- wards my work. Every day spent asguest In their house was enjoyable.&amp; And William Heinemann ! 1 hadalways heard such bogey tales aboutpublishers. The bogies may exist, butHeinemann is nothing but a goodfairy full of human kindness, asplendid administrator and a hardworker. He attends to everything,and with an enthusiasm and care which to me was a revelation.How ? you ask. Why, it revealedamongst other things that 1 was notsuch an impossible person to dealwith as some wretches would makeout. (1 mean 44 wretches " in the kin- dest sense of the word ; one speaksof silly old ladies as wretches ").Now what amazed me was this :....Brown and Philips and WilliamHeinemann, both the heads of theirparticular vocations, could workwith me so agreably, and if I couldfind no smallest thing to differ withthem upon, how was it that whenit came to managers of theatres thething became impossible on accountof the disagreableness of the wholework? Semar, there must have beensomething rather queer with thosetheatres.&amp; Bye the way, do you rememberthat book 1 told you I would someday prepare,.... 44 Hamlet "? I havebegun it and It will be published inEnglish and in German; anotherfriend has made that possible : soyou see, as Mr Asquith said,44 We're getting on ". &amp; 0When next 1 write it will be totell you the exact site chosen formy school and my theatre, and youknow I never start telling you ofanything which I do not carry out. FOREIGN NOTES PARIS. Greekerys of the "Pasters J. de S. JDurope and America are passingthrough something of the sameexternal phase as happened to EuropeIn the time of Buonaparte. The Greekis being put on again;.... other toysare quite out of fashion for themoment.£/ Sometimes, as, of old, Greekmeets Greek, and then true fashionand health gets an opening. &amp;The Futurists are a thousandtimes preferable to these Pasters.The Pasters are really objectionableon new fashioned grounds. For ifthe Futurists remind us of nothingthe Pasters make us regret whatwe have lost. The Futurists are notpeculiar In their dress and mode oflife, whereas the others are conceitedenough to use their belief as anadvertisement and parade Paris inGreek dress and bare legs trundlingmodern perambulators or carrying aFrench market bag filled with nicemodern vegetables fresh from thegreengrocer's. JS? Their work is unsatisfactory whenit is exhibited in modern surroundingsand one feels how unfit the timeand place are for such an exhibition.In Greece it might possibly be de- lightful; the place If not the timewould be in harmony. Though inGreece it's ten to one these Pasterswould live in a modern hotel andbe seen on wet days taking a walkin goloshes and with an umbrella. Iremember seeing one of them thusequipped In London. There are clever if not Intelligentpeople amongst them; why theyforget the Prophets, who were notinsignificant figures in the Past, isqueer. One of the Prophets told usthat 4* There Is a time for everypurpose under the heaven ", andsurely we ought not to need tobe reminded that when a thing isout of place it is also out of date. Rouge and...... a New Religion. H. L. vye have lately had a serious (?)announcement made by a per=former from the boards of a theatre here to the effect that after a shortholiday she would return and founda new Religion. &amp; Theatrical people seem alwaysto have been without a fitting senseof time and place. They fail to seethat Artifice and Religion are neverto be allied ; they seem to think thatrouge, curls, limelight and Divinityare somehow part and parcel of eachother..... It would be profane if itwere not so funrty. And yet the fun is just a littletasteless.uS7 What a blessing it is that theCensor prohibits the representationof royal personnages upon the stage.But it should also be seen to thatsacred personnages are prohibited.John the Baptist, for instance, oughtnever to have been allowed to ap=pear. There is no limit to what maynot be seen and done when the in- troduction of these sacred charactersIs permitted. s£7The freedom allowed to this kindof thing reminds us that once upona time Madame Sarah BernhardtIndulged in this theatrical profanity,as may be read in the followingextract from a letter from the firstEar! of Lytton (Owen Meredith) toMr Justice Stephen, Paris, Aprilnthiß9o:^of farces, Sarah Bern hardt 44 ... intoxicated with the new Idea" of virginity ever since she acted44 Jeanne d'Arc...has been reciting a44 French Passion play In the biggest44 Circus of Paris, with a Christ44 in white tie and tail coat. The44 audience got bored, rose in revolt,44 screaming out, "Tu nous ennuies r44 assez du Christ. De la Musique, de44 ia Musique " So that, quite unin=44 tentionally and unconsciously, the44 Chef d'Orchestre played in this44 performance the part of Barabbas44 (44 Not this man, but theother ").44 Then the Author of the Play,44 white with rage, and tr6s £mu,44 began skipping over the benches on" to the stage, shaking his fist at the44 audience, and, with copious tears," kissing first Sarah Bernhardt, then44 his Mother, then his Sister, and44 then his Mistress. This touched44 and partly mollified the public!44 What a funny nation we are here,44 and yet we are capable of great44 things now and then and very clever things at all times ". LONDON R. S. A Word about the Futurists&amp; As Signor Marinetti very rightlysays, ' 'The Futurists paint what theysee". And as Mr Whistler as rightlysaid, 44 the shock will be when they see what they paint. " 4St EDITORIAL NOTES FUTURISTS AND OTHERS.'"phe Italian Futurist, Signor Mari- netti, who in Paris assaulted alittle Frenchman who asked him asimple question, has gone to London,and is already on the war-path. ■£?He is a strange pleasant youngman, who, when he meets a D'An- nunzio or a Rodin, raises his hat andtells him he is a Futurist. If thegentleman denies it Signor Marinettismiles. If the gentleman gets in arage Signor Marinetti goes on smilingbut if the gentleman politely askshim a question Signor Capitano Ma- rinetti draws his theatrical pistolsand rolls his eyes. £? JZ?The gentle Signor has a receiptfor making Futurist pictures. Hemerely encourages artists and buystheir pictures. It is a novel idea andworthy of the consideration of thoseEnglish gentlemen who visit galleriesof modern art and hold theories con- cerning the work of Messrs Rothen- stein, Sickert, John and Pryde andthe different schools they represent.«£? It is a novel idea, and the only wayof strengthening our National Art. If our Lords and Ladles now andagain purchase a Nicholson or anOrpen they do very weil, but theyneed no particular perception to seehow good is the work of these twofine English painters; whereas itcertainly needs a considerable amountof wisdom and wit to realise theimportance to English Art and to theEnglish nation of the work of WilliamRothenstein.&amp; There is that in the work of thispainter and engraver which inspireswithout laying claim to having in- spired. That is the rarest gift of all.And Gift is the exact word to use.A master is always giving, whereasthe so-called masters always ex- change,... and secure the best share/;they secure your liberty. The true master leaves you free.He masters only that in you whichmust be mastered ; but the door isalways open; if you will obey it neednever be closed ; if you won't obeywhat use to close it ? &amp; &amp;And while we are speaking aboutthis particular master who of allmen today in England influences. people least and things most; whoin his whole attitude towards artrevives the impression of a veryancient wisdom come amongst usonce more to prove how blessedit was and ever will be whilethinking of this can it be of any useto thfnk of those other weaker in- fluences at work?-&lt;£&gt;Perhaps; for those weaker influ- ences with their immediate effect,their apparently startling power, cando a certain harm for a short while;and so we were best to take heed,and, without over-estimating theirdangerous qualities nor under-sta- ting their undoubted value, bearcontinually in mind that it is onlyby first entering into a state of soulthat the perception of what is Artbecomes possible; and that it isonly by remaining in that stateand in the silence which reignsthere that the creation of a truework of art becomes practical.For " since it is not possible tou know anything rightly while we" are in the body one of two things" must be true; either we shall never" know anything, or we shall have" true knowledge after our death".Thus spoke the old and wise.Philosopher of Greece..,, lie who in:silence was seen "early in the morn- " lug standing in one place wrapt " in meditation ; and as he seemed44 not to be able to unravel the44 subjects of his thoughts he still44 continued to stand as enquiring44 and discussing within himself, and44 when noon came, the soldiers bb»44 served him and said to one another4t4Socrates has been standing there44 thinking, ever since morning'. At44 last some lonians came to the44 spot, and having supped, as it was44 summer, bringing their blankets,44 they lay down to sleep in the cool;44 they observed that Socrates con=44 tinued to stand there the whole44 night until morning, and that,44 when the sun rose, he saluted it44 with a prayer and departed. " &amp; A THIRD EDITION. J. S. Oeaders cf The Mask will be espe- &lt;;ially pleased to hear that MrHeinemann has reprinted a thirdedition of Mr Gordon Craig's bookOn the Art of the TheatreThe first impression was issuedDecember 1911; the second January1912, and the third in March. &amp;YOU who read The Mash canclaim some hand in this book, forhad you turned up your noses atthe journal in 1908 it is doubtfulwhether this book would ever have seen the light in 1911. &amp; WHICH ERA ? An Additional Editorial Note. AN AMAZING STATE OF AFFAIRS J. S. Tphe Era is justly supposed to be thebest informed theatrical newspa- per in England. The whole profes- sion relies on it for its information.The following letter Is thereforea very illuminating side light on theawful way that the Era is treatedby its Foreign Correspondants.JanHary 29. 1912.Dear ...." I wrote a correspon- " dant In Moscow to send me«full report of Mr Gordon44 Craig's 44 Hamlet " pro- 44 duction. ■£?44The correspondant says44 he knows of no Arts Theatre44 In the city or of any such" production. £/44 Can you tell me if ft44 really took place ?&amp; 441 am disappointed at44 not having a report forthe Era.&amp; &amp;Your faithfulFrank Desprez(Editor of the Era.)&amp; After this one itiay indeed ask...which Era ? &amp;&amp; We think we can safely say wehave never met with so amazinglystupid a correspondant as that one In Moscow who is supposed to servethe Era reliably, and our sympathygoes out to the Editor of that journal.But how like England not to takethe trouble to ascertain where thebest theatres of Europe are situatedand then to employ really first classcorrespondants in those cities.There are not more than a rounddozen of towns in Europe wherereally interesting things are beingdone... things which would be boundto interest everyone, and thesetowns are Moscow, St Petersberg,Budapest, Paris, Munich, Berlin,Krakow, Dublin, and a few Italiantowns; but Moscow is easily thetown of the very first interest, andthe event which took place therelast January,.... Mr Gordon Craig'sproduction of " Hamlet" at the ArtTheatre, (an event which, " letignorance" (in the person of theEra correspondant) "talk as it will"we can assure Mr Desprez did takeplace, and take place triumphantly)was one so Era=marking in thehistory of the European Theatrethat to find the English Era so farbehind the times is ....well, really,tthe Limit! wake , EngU.lu . it's more than time. THE POETRY RE V lEWA new Monthly Periodical devoted to the Study andAppreciation of Modern Poetry of all countries.A SPECIAL SUBJECT WILL BE DEALT WITH IN EACH ISSUE.THE FOLLOWING ARE AMONG THOSE SELECTED FOR 1912.WOMEN POETS.AMERICAN POETRY.FRENCHGERMAN POETRY.MYSTERY PLAYS.ITALIAN POETRY.THE CELTIC TWILIGHT.THE FIRST ISSUE WILL APPEAR IN JANUARY 1912ANNAUL SUBSCRIPTION FIVE SHILLINGS NET-SEPARATE COPIES SIXPENCE NET.Of all Booksellers, and In Florence ofSuc c. B. Seeb e r, Via Tornabuoni.moi&gt;dm.wimm in.n iEgaoa^ja^uagi:limftwJlLXJUjagnggEijkua^p«c:93 CHANCERY L A N LONDON IV. CRrsTTXJKfssaHrcaaßq TO THE SHYwho would Subscribe to " The Mask ad if,.... and if." Come now! Less nonsense andout with your money !(Collodi's Pinocchio)MASK OFFICE. ARENA GOLDONI. FLORENCE &amp; EDWARD HILL BRANDON. x?Fowler Road, Forest Gate, Essex,* DESIGNS MENU CARDS, ETC.please send for particulars to above address. warnWHAJLT WHITMAN A "LEAVES OF GRASS" REPRINTI propose to publish in facsimile Wait Whitman's personal copy of Leaves of Grassedition of I86O=»I86I, in which he did much of the work of revision for the editionthat followed five years later.This copy of Leaves of Grass is historic. It is the volume abstracted by SecretaryHarlan from Whitman's desk in the Interior Department and made the basis forWhitman's discharge from that branch of the service. An account of this incident,written by Whitman himself, will be photographically reproduced andincluded. The edition will be limited to five hundred copies. The price fixedten dollars for each copy. No books will be sent to editors for review and norebates or discounts will be allowed to collectors or booksellers.The text matter of this book will be printed from the original plates, which stil|exist. The chirographical matter in Whitman's hand will be superimposed. In order tpmaintain a strict likeness to the original, in which Whitman used black ink and penccils of several colors, it will be necessary for each sheet to go through the press fromthree to five times. This is a costly process.j0 The production of this work calls for the finest skill of the photographer, engraverand printer. But it wiil be faithfully supervised to the remotest particulars.Each volume will be authenticated by a number and my signature. Subscriptionswill be filled in the order they are received.To persons who have a special Interest in Whitman, as well as to students andlibraries (particularly to the libraries of schools and colleges), this remarkable reprintmust have unusual significance.£7 No steps will be practically taken in this matter until subscriptions sufficient tocover the initial expenses are received Send for circular. JZ? HORACE TRAUBEL1613 CHESTNUT STREET, PHILADELPHIA. U. S. A. THE MOSHER BOORS\ESS'The only style of genuine hand»madepaper editions at popuiar prices inAmerica. &amp;The new catalogue is sent free on. " %request.■ t» I i%&lt;Thomas. B. Mosher, PortlandMaine. U. S. A. DI N I &amp; CELLAIArtistic &amp; Decorative Terra Cotta ofSlgna. &amp; &amp;Via di Fossi N. 1 - FLORENCE—— K32S33—— Reproduction of Sculptures of Old andModern Masters = Statues - Busts - Vases- Bas = Reliefs ■ Fountains.» Doors,Chimney - pieces = Bases etc. etc. inevery style. £&gt; 0 A LETTER FROMMr. PERCYThe Mask has " The rare attraction14 of abundant intellectual activity with44 aesthetic charm. Its freedom, its courage,44 its fecundity of ideasits emphasis of44 vital potentialities in the its44 ample horizon which aims to review44 the centuries as well as the seasons of44 theatrical art, its earnest search for44 rational criteria, its championship of' the poetic and creative in its own field,44 these unusual qualities differentiate The44 Mask from that large class of art44 journals which are mere catalogues44 and tend to give it a perennial rather44 than a momentary appeal.vi,&amp; TRADE AGENTS Simpkin, Marshall, Hamilton,Kent &amp; Co. London.