The mask 1 1 March 1908 naau_1908-03_01 The mask 1 1 Untitled Image Illustration 1 THE CONTENTS OF THE FIRST NUMBER INCLUDE: 5 Untitled Image Illustration 5 GEOMETRY. 5-6 Untitled Image Illustration 6 THE ARTISTS OF THE THEATRE OF THE FUTURE Gordon Craig cre 7-9 Untitled Image Illustration 7 Untitled Image Illustration 9 THE REAL DRAMA IN SPAIN Edward Hutton cre 9-12 THE PHILOSOPHY OF ACTORS. Friedrich Nietzsche cre 12 Untitled Image Illustration 12 A NOTE ON MASKS John Balance cre 13-16 Untitled Image Illustration 13 Untitled Image Illustration 14 Untitled Image Illustration 15 Untitled Image Illustration 16 TO MADAME ELEONORA DUSE Gordon Craig cre 16-17 CHAPTER FROM THE BOOK ON ARCHITECTURE. Sebastian Serlio cre 18-24 SECTION SHOWING CONSTRUCTION OF STAGE AND AUDITORIUM Illustration 18 Untitled Image Illustration 19 THE COMIC SCENE Illustration 20 THE TRAGIC SCENE A Illustration 21 THE SATIRIC SCENE Illustration 22 BOOK REVIEWS 24-26 IBSEN, THE MAN, HIS ART AND HIS SIGNIFICANCE. Haldane Macfall cre 24-25 PAPERS OF A PARIAH. Robert Hugh Benson cre 25-26 HENRI LOUIS LE KAIN, DE LA COMEDIE FRANCAISE Jean Jacques Olivier cre 26 "ARGUS" is the name of a new fortnightly magazine, which appeared at the beginning of D. N. L cre 26 The Editor is glad to receive for review copies of any books dealing seriously with the Art 26 Untitled Image Illustration 26 EDITORIAL NOTES. 27-28 Untitled Image Illustration 27 " After the Practise the Theory". J. S cre 27-28 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 3 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 3 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 3 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 3 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 3 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 3 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 30 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 30 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 30 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 30 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 30 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 31 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 31 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 31 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 31 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 32 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 32 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 32 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 32 Vol. One N." i. MARCH 1 9 o 8 ' . - _ ■ «. " . ./ ' " • \ - &gt; . •- , . ,y, «. ■ . ,- •Em IHB jgML / W HETT JSL MJPPK JFFI JHMBA MONTHLY JOURNAL OF THEART OF THE THEATRE ■&amp; EUROPEAN AGENTS. &amp; LONDON. D. J. RIDER 36 St Martin's Court. Charing Cross Road. W. C.SOI,!} GERMAN AGENT ■ SCHUSTER &amp; 31. W. BERLIN.AMSTERDAM. KIRBEROER &amp; KESPER. 134 Rokin. J? J&amp; £&gt; 0 £fFLORENCE. &amp; PRICE ONE SHILLING, NET: MONTHLY . 'A, . V ; " - ' " * ••• . /r • • . . i; . .. * • .v-, , :■ .. " . - - ' t., - ... * , , ' , £ ' - ' ' &gt; ' i . &gt; ANNOUNCEMENT TO OUR READERS:AMONG THE CONTENTS OF THE EARLY NUMBERS OF " THE MASK " WILL BE: ■&amp; ANOTE UPON MARIONETTES by ADOLF FURST, j0 THE FRENCH TRAGEDY, 1689 to 1787,by JEAN-JACQUES OLIVIER. &amp; INIOO JONES by J. RAUL COOPER. ■£&gt; THE NEW THEATREby GORDON CRAIG. 0 THE INDIAN THEATRE by LQUIS FULIP. ■£&gt; YVETTE GUILBERT byHALDANE MACFALL. ■£&gt; THE DANCE by ISADORA DUNCAN. £&gt; JAVANESE MARIONETTES.AN ARTICLE REPRINTED FROM "THE ARCHITECT " THE " SACRE RAPPRESEN- TAZIONI" by EDWARD HUTTON. ■£&gt; £&gt; J0 A9THE SECOND NUMBER OF "THE MASK" WILL CONTAIN A LONG AND IMPORTANTARTICLE BY GORDON CRAIG, ENTITLED " THE ACTOR AND THE ÜBER MARIONETTE "■Etchings, which will be issued from time to time with " The Mask will be reserved foryearly subscribers only and not included in single cdpies of the magazine. Therefore it isto the advantage of all print collectors to send in their subscriptions at once. Any MSS, submitted to the Edit&amp;r for consideration should bear the names andaddresses of the authors, be type-written, and accompanied by stamps; otherwise theywill net be read or returned. It must be understood that they are sent at the Author'srisky and the Editor is not responsible for their safe custody or return. All communicationsshoulfl be addressed to the Editor of " The Mask " a Euhg'Arno Acciaiuoli, Florence.Readers of " The Mask " who wish to be sure of securing their copies each month regularlyshould subscribe for the year, all that is necessary being to fill in the order form on Pg. 2$of this number, &amp; post it to their Bookseller, or to the office of " The Mask a Lung'ArnoAcciaiuoli, Florence, &lt;£&gt; JP JET &amp; FOR ADVERTISEMENTS ADDRESS TO " THE MASK " ADVERTISING OFFICE: 8 BORGO S. JACOPO &amp;&amp; &amp; ,« &amp; &amp; &amp; FLORENCE &amp; ITALY * &amp; &amp; &amp; 4*&amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; OR TO THE LONDON., GERMAN, OR DUTCH AGENTS &amp; JP -P &amp; &amp; &amp; IN REPLYING TO ADVERTISEMENTS PLEASE REFER TO " THE MASK " &lt;0* W MM A O ¥ THE JOURNAL OF THE ARTR~FI 8-~D &lt;\L\ /\LC 0F THE THEATRE.ILL A-% VOLUME ONE, NUMBER ONEJL JL JL 1 " JLI. M JL SA. MARCH 1908. GEOMETRY. &amp; THE ARTISTS OFTHE THEATREOF THE FUTURE THE ARTISTS OFTHE THEATREOF THE FUTURE THE ARTISTS OFTHE THEATREpllTllDp THE REALDRAMA IN SPAIN THE RE ALDRAMA IN SPAIN THE REALDRAMA IN SPAIN A NOTE ONMASKS A NOTE ONMASKS &amp; A NOTE ON MASKS j£&gt; TO MADAMEELEONORADUSE CHAPTER FROMTHE BOOK ONARCHITECTURE. CHAPTER FROMTHE BOOK ONARCHITECTURE. CHAPTER FROMTHE BOOK ONARCHITECTURE. CHAPTER FROMTHE BOOK ONARCHITECTURE. CHAPTER FROMTHE BOOK ONARCHITECTURE. CHAPTER FROMTHE BOOK ONARCHITECTURE. BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS. EDITORIAL NOTES &amp; ALL RIGHTS RESERVED &amp;GERENTE RESPONSABILE, GINO DUCCI | The MASK| The object of the publication is to bring beforeI an intelligent public many ancient and modernH aspects of the Theatre's Art which have too longI Not to attempt to assist in the so~calIed reform§ of the modern Theatre = for reform is now tooI late; not to advance theories which have not beenI already tested, but to announce the existence of1 a vitality which already begins to reveal itself in1 a beautiful and definite form based upon an ancient| " THE MASK." OFFICE § " " " % R^b^sKBBBSaaHBBHSBBraBCinHaaaBHBaBaBBBnBBBnEEaSBBS9BBSBDEinRB? " " »» v v " 99AMONG THE WRITERS &amp; ARTISTS CONTRIBUTING TO « THE MASK " AREM. -£&gt; &lt;£? STEPHEN HA WE IS GEORGE NORMAN JOHN BALANCE ALEXANDER HEVESI JEAN JACQUES OLIVIERALLEN .d? H. von HOFMANNSTHAL WILL ROTHENSTEINMICHAEL C. CARR JAN van HOLT &amp; RUDOLPH SCHMERZ &amp;FRANZ CLATON EDWARD HUTTON MARTIN SHAWi? &amp;GORDON CRAIG ELLEN KEY ELLEN TERRY J. PAUL COOPER JAN E.THESLEFF &amp;ISADORA DUNCAN &amp; D. NEVILE LEES JAN C. de VOS LOUIS FULIP HALDANE MACFALL H. WILSON. &amp;ADOLF FURST &amp; NEUWERT NOWACZYNSKI jgr HELEN ZIMMERN IVO HAUPTMANN C.NICHOLSON "THE MASK" HAS C O RRE S P O N D E NTS IN THE FOI/EOWING CITIESAMSTERDAM HELSINGFORS SAN FRANCISCOBERLIN &amp; LONDON &amp; &amp; STOCKHOLM MADRID VIENNADRESDEN MUNCHEN WARSAW DUBLIN PARISH &lt;£? WEIMAR &amp; &amp;F L 0 R E N C PHILADELPHIA THE HAGUE ROME SPECIAL NOTICE. " REALISM AND THE ACTOR. "AN INTERNATIONAL SYMPOSIUM. On this theme three questions have been framed, and replies solicited from a largenumber of BRITISH, DUTCH, FRENCH, GERMAN, ITALIAN and other continental expertsand authorities, whose lives have been passed in the study of the Drama or in the practiseof the Stage. These replies will be published in " THE MASK " for May and June and will,we feel assured, prove full of interest to the general reader and of value to the student.ORDER F 0 RM Editor, (or) ... To Mr. BooksellerAddress Please put down my name as a subscriber to "The Mask" for one year, commencing withthe number, in payment of which subscription, including postage, I enclose thesum of Signed Address # Printed for the Proprietor by E. Morandl, Tipografia Bodonlana, Via Alfierl, Florence, and published at The Office,2 Lung'Arno Acclaluoll &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;- ■ &gt;•" . ■ ' . " '■* •' ! - ' ' ' y- . "v- ' . * - •' ' THE CONTENTS OF THE FIRST NUMBER INCLUDE: AFTER THE PRACTISE THE GEOMETRY. £&gt; THE ARTISTS OF THE THEATRE OF THE FUTURE by GORDON CRAIG.A NOTE UPON MASKS by JOHN THEATRE IN ITALY; A TRANSLATION.US' MADAME ELEONORA DUSE. -&lt;S&gt; THE REAL DRAMA IN SPAIN by EDWARD HUTTON. &amp;BOOK REVIEWS. EDITORIAL NOTES. jSf ANNOUNCEMENTS. £&gt;ILLUSTRATIONS.^THREE SCENE DESIGNS AND TWO PLANS FOR A THEATRE FROM THETREATISE ON PERSPECTIVE OF SEBASTIANO SERLIO. A DESIGN FROM THE BOOK OFVITRUVIO. 0 THREE DESIGNS FOR MASKS by E. THESLEFF. &amp; VIGNETTES, ETC. GEOMETRY. Beauty.... or Divine Demonstration, knows no confusion. &amp; Ithas the perfect balance. It remains true once and for ever . ... needs no proof .... can reveal itself without words or arguments, and when* we see iwe again see Paradise. It is the dear Heaven. &amp; Science,... or Human continually calling upon proof, trusting in many words, is as a restless Balance whichcontinually rises and falls with the uncertainty of the centuries . . . the restless Terror; hasbecome the only Evil. &amp; £? To be beautiful Religion must not ask for pr00f.... must not rest upon Knowledge nor upon the Word. &amp; Three Arts . . . Music, Architecture and Movement, together form the one'great and perfect Religion in which we may see and hear all the Revelations of Truth . . .It is the Evil prophesied long ago in Babel which has separated these three Arts and whichleaves the world without a Belief - dividing the Occident from the Orient, state from state andman from man . . . When these three Arts shall once again be united, concord shall comeagain. Oh, then what a Renaissance! . . . the first and final Renaissance! JZ?&amp; Look then with your eyes upon these diagrams and let them show what they will toyour imagination; but call for no proof as to their construction, for at night in the midstof Proof comes unnoticed a little error no bigger than a grain of sand and the whole buildingis then annihilated. &amp; But if you look upon them as lines of Strength and lines of Qraceyou can have Faith until the end .... you will not be deceived nor even disappointed.For truly, is a circle merely "a plane figure bounded by one line called the circumferenceand such that all straight lines drawn from a certain point within it called the centre tothe circumference are equal"? Is it not less than this less intricate? and is it not far more more round? Is it not indeed Beauty's perfection? ... And a square? is it not the Strengthof that perfection?&amp; Yet though Words tell us that a square is "a quadrilateral figure all of whose sides areequal and one of whose angles is a right angle", look upon the diagram above and you willsee that it is something more than that. &amp; It is the Word which has destroyed eachreligion in its turn, and it is the Word, that restless atom of Knowledge, which begins toeat into Beauty to destroy it if it can. For pure Beauty is a Silent Beauty, and Silence mustreturn and surround the Arts before they shall become whole again.And have we done Words some injustice? That must not be. Is speech so wholly evil?Have words failed utterly in their trust? have they sold Love for the value of an argument?Let it be seen by the issue that this is not wholly so. Let Silence and Divine Imagery healall; give back even to Knowledge its wholesomeness by restoring the just value of its beau- tiful words,THE BETTER PART OF SILENCE, Walt Whitman sings... &lt;o&gt; &amp; &amp; &amp;I think I could turn and live with animals, they are soplacid and self-contained,I stand and look at them long.They do not sweat and whine about their condition,They do not lie awake in the dark and weep for their sins,They do not make me sick discussing their duty to God.And so it seems to me also .... yet I think that if they could speak it would be moreoften to complain, to whine, weep and discuss than to sing and accept. For if they couldspeak, a dangerous power would inhabit them. But whatever we may believe, we know that theirsilence produces the impression of content; and what an impression in created,... . whatinspiration we receive from the impression! At all times and in all places it is the animalsthat continually impress us; the effect is instantaneous and we are always convinced bytheir seeming wisdom, their Beauty. &lt;£? &amp; JZ?JZ/ It may be truthfully said of man too that when he is most impressed he is silent, andthat when he is silent he impresses us most. &amp; &amp; We will surround the people with symbols in silence; in silence we will reveal theMovement of Things ... this is the nature of our Art. JZ? The perfectReligion, /I silent Beauty The hotter partof silence, &amp; THE ARTISTS OF THE THEATRE OF THEFUTURE by Gordon Craig DEDICATED TO THE YOUNG RACE OF ATHLETIC WORKERS IN ALL THE THEATRES. SECOND THOUGHTS. I DEDICATE THIS TO THE SINGLE COURAGEOUS INDIVIDUALITY INTHE WORLD OF THE THEATRE WHO WILL SOME DAY MASTER AND REMOULD IT. &amp; Hphey say that second thoughts are best. They also say it is good to make the best of a* bad job, and it is merely making the best of a bad job that I am forced to alter my firstand more optimistic dedication to my second. Therefore the second thoughts are best. Whata pity and what a pain to me that we should be obliged to admit it! No such race of athleticworkers in the Theatre of today exists; degeneration, both physical and mental, is roundus. How could it be otherwise? Perhaps no surer sign of it can be pointed to than thatall those whose work lies in the Theatre are to be continually heard announcing that allis well and that the Theatre is today at its highest point of development.But if all were well no desire for a change would spring up instinctively and continually asit ever does with those who visit or ponder on the modern Theatre. It is because theTheatre is in this wretched state that it becomes necessary that some one shall speak as Ido; and then I look around me for those to whom I can speak and for those who willlisten, and, listening, understand; and I see nothing but backs turned towards me . . . .the backs of a race of unathletic workers. Still the individual, the boy or man ofpersonal courage, faces me. Him I see, and in him I see the force which shall create therace to come. Therefore to him I speak and I am content that he alone shall understandme. It is the man who will, as Blake says, " leave father, mother, houses and lands if theystand in the way of his art"; it is the man who will give up personal ambition and thetemporary success of the moment he who will cease to desire an agreeable wealth ofsmooth guineas, but who shall demand as his reward nothing less than the restoration ofhis home, its liberty.... its health.... its power.... It is to him I speak. VTou are a young man; you have already been a few years in a theatre, or you have been* born of theatrical parents; or you have been a painter for a while but have felt thelonging towards movement; or you have been a manufacturer. Perhaps you quarrelled withyour parents when you were eighteen, because you wished to go on the stage, and theywould not let you. They perhaps asked why you wanted to go on the stage, and you couldgive no reasonable answer because you wanted to do that which no reasonable answercould explain; in other words you wanted to fly. And had you said to your parents "Iwant to fly ", I think that you would have probably got further than had you alarmed themwith the terrible words, " 1 want to go on the stage. " &amp; JZ&gt; &amp;Millions of such men have had the same desire, this desire for movement, this desire tofly, this desire to be mqjrged in some other creature's being, and not knowing that it wasthe desire to live in the imagination, some have answered their parents, " I want to be anactor; I want to go on the stage". &amp;It is not that which they want; and the tragedy begins. I think when walking, disturbedwith this newly awakened feeling, a young man will say, "perhaps I want to be an actor";and it is only when in the presence of the irate parents that in his desperation he turnsthe •* perhaps " into the definite " I want. "This is probably your case. You want to fly; you want to exist in some other state, to beintoxicated with the air, and to create this state in others.Try and get out of your head now that you really want " to go on the stage. " If unfortunatelyyou are upon the stage, try and get out of your head then that you want to be an actor andthat it is the end of all your desires. Let us say that you are already an actor; you have been sofor four or five years, and already some strange doubt has crept upon you. You will not admitit to anyone; your parents would apparently seem to have been right; you will not admitit to yourself for you have nothing else but this one thing to cheer yourself with. But I'mgoing to give you all sorts of things to cheer yourself with, and you may with courage andcomplete good spirits throw what you will to the winds and yet lose nothing of that whichyou stood up for in the beginning. You may remain on, yet be above the stage. I shaH give you the value of my experience for what it is worth, and maybe it will be ofsome use to you. 1 shall try to sift what is important for us from what is unimportant; andif while I am telling you all this you want any doubts cleared or any more exact explanationsor details you have only to ask me for them and I am ready to serve you. &amp;To begin with, you have accepted an engagement from the manager of the Theatre. Youmust serve him faithfully, not because he is paying you a salary but because you areworking under him. And with this obedience to your manager comes the first and thegreatest temptation which you will encounter in your whole work.Because you must not merely obey his words but his wishes; and yet you must not loseyourself. I do not mean to say you must not lose your personality because it is probableyour personality has not come to its complete form. But you must not lose sight of thatwhich you are in quest of, you must not lose the first feeling which possessed you whenyou seemed to yourself to be in movement with a sense of swinging upwards.While serving your apprenticeship under your first manager listen to all he has to say andall he can show you about the theatre, about acting, and go further for yourself and searchout that which he does not show you. Go where they are painting the scenes; go where they aretwisting the electric wires for the lamps; go beneath the stage and look at the elaborateconstructions; go up over the stage and ask for informations about the ropes and the wheels;but while you are learning all this about the Theatre and about acting be very careful toremember that outside the world of the Theatre you will find greater inspiration than insideit: 1 mean in nature. The other sources of inspiration are music and architecture.I tell you to do this because you will not have it told you by your manager. In the Theatrethey study from the Theatre. They take the Theatre as their source of inspiration, and ifat times some actors go to nature for assistance, it is to one part of nature only, to thatwhich manifests itself in the human being.This was not so with Henry Irving, but I cannot stop here to tell you of him, for it wouldmean letter upon letter to put the thing clearly before you. But you can remember that asactor he was unfailingly right, and that he studied all nature in order to find symbols forthe expression of his thoughts.You will be probably told that this man whom I hold up to you as a peerless actor, did suchand such a thing in such and such away; and you will doubt my counsel; but with allrespect to your present manager you must be very careful how much credence you give towhat he says and to what he shows, for it is upon such tradition that the Theatre hasexisted and has degenerated.What Henry Irving did is one thing; what they tell you he did is another. I have had someexperience of this. I played in the same Theatre as Irving in Macbeth, and later on I hadthe opportunity of playing Macbeth myself in a theatre in the North or the South of England.I was curious to know how much would strike a capable and reliable actor of the usualfifteen years experience, especially one who was an enthusiastic admirer of Henry Irving.I therefore asked him to be good enough to show me how Irving had treated this or thatpassage; what he had done and what impression he had created because it had slipped mymemory. The competent actor thereupon revealed to my amazed intelligence something sobanal, so clumsy, and so lacking in distinction, that I began to understand how much valuewas in tradition; and I have had several such experiences.I have been shown by a competent and worthy actress how Mrs Siddons played LadyMacbeth. She would move to the centre of the stage and would begin to make certainmovements and certain exclamations which she believed to be a reproduction of whatMrs Siddons had done. I presume she had received these from someone who had seen MrsSiddons. The things which she showed me were utterly worthless in so far as they had nounity, although one action here, another action there, would have some kind of reflectedvalue; and so I began to see the uselessness of this kind of tuition; and it being my natureto rebel against those who would force upon me something which seemed to me unintelligent,I would have nothing to do with such teaching. £/I do not recommend you to do the same, although you will disregard what I say and do asI did if you have much of the volcano in you; but you will do better to listen, accept andadapt that which they tell you, remembering that this your apprenticeship as actor is butthe very beginning of an exceedingly long apprenticeship as craftsman in all the crafts whichgo to make up the art.When you have studied these thoroughly you will find some which are of value and youwill certainly find that the experience as actor has been necessary. The pioneer seldom findan easy road and as your way does not end in becoming a celebrated actor but is a muchlonger and an untrodden way leading to a very different end, you will have all theadvantages and the disadvantages of pioneering; but keep in mind what I have told you;that your aim is not to become a celebrated actor, it is not to become the manager of aso-called successful theatre; it is not to become the producer of elaborate and much talkedof plays; it is to become an Artist of the Theatre; and as a base to all this you must, as I havesaid, serve your term of apprenticeship as actor faithfully and well. If at the end of five yearsas actor you are convinced that you know what your future will be; if, in fact, you are succeeding, you may give yourself up for lost. Short cuts lead nowhere in this world. Did you think when the longing came upon you and when you told your family that you must go upon the stage that such a great longing was to be so soon satisfied? Is satisfaction sosmall a thing? Is desire a thing of nothing, that a five year's quest can make a parody of it? Butof course not. Your whole life is not too long, and then only at the very end will some smallatom of what you have desired come to you. And so you will be still young when you are fullof years. (To be continued) &amp; Dedication. u I want to fly". Obedience toyour master. &amp; Obedience tonature. .£? £? Henryr Irv in g Incorrectt r a d it i o 11. The end in view. THE REAL DRAMA IN SPAIN by Edward Hutton The Art of the Theatre, the drama that of old was so racy of the soil in Spain, springingup everywhere in the strangest blossoms, the Autos of Lope de Vega, of Calderon, of manyan unknown poet, might seem in any hurried visit to that poor but virile and beautifulcountry almost to have passed away. And yet we may still discover it, if we have eyes tosee, in many a humble booth or cafe in Castile or Andalusia, even yet instinct with life;based as all Spanish art has been on reality, that spiritual passion of the Spanish people;expressing itself no longer in the work of Morales, of Velasquez, of Murillo, in the lucidand perfect syllables of Calderon, the pathos and humour of Cervantes, the eloquence of Lopede Vega, the life of S. Teresa, but in the perfect and almost terrible gestures of the dance,the beauty and pathos of the folk song, born there before your eyes in some dim cafe of thepeople.Those strange songs, half chant, half love-song, lyrical so sullenly, so sadly almost, and witha new sort of rhythm that is in reality but the oldest music of all, greet you everywherein Southern Spain; and strangely enough, as we may think of anything so difficult for themodern ear, are more popular than the national songs, are indeed fast taking their placewith the people even in so conservative a country as La Mancha. Malaguenas they call them,songs of Malaga; and indeed in Malaga you hear almost nothing else. Sung to the guitar, thestrings have often a more important place in them than the voice itself; for after a longintroduction in which you learn, perhaps for the first time, the extraordinary beauty thatmay be drawn by skilful fingers from an instrument seemingly so limited, the voice breaksin suddenly, on a high note long drawn out, almost startling in its fierceness, its profoundand passionate sadness. It is like some tragic thing that has befallen in the desert, like amood of the soul that has at last become unbearable agony, that must express itself: likea sudden apprehension of fate which is about to overwhelm everything. Gradually, with manyswift or reluctant turns, the voice descends into the melody itself, almost a Gregorian tone,and yet without the assurance, the precision of that chant which is the foundation of everythingthat has been accomplished in music since the sixth century, and it may be even before that,and which in its perfect intervals assured Europe of her musical future. But while somethingmay be found in the simpler Malaguenas, certainly, of the third Gregorian tone, it is reallya music more primitive than the plainsong that you come upon, quite by chance, in thecities of Andalusia. That it has much in common with Greek music, perhaps through theMoor, perhaps through the Phoenician, is, I think, capable of proof; but whether it be morethan the common likeness that is to be found in all primitive music, in the resemblance,for instance, that you may discover in so northern a thing as an old Scottish air to the Easternmusic of swords and gongs accompanying a plaintive sort of chant, in the likeness of thecurious wail of the bagpipe itself to much Arab music, it is difficult to determine; for indeedalmost nothing has been written, by musicians at any rate, of the Malaguena, and it is onlywith difficulty you may find one noted down truly, or as truly as may be, in modernnotation, (i)You come upon this music quite by chance, I said, in speaking of the Malaguena; and indeedthat is one of its greatest delights; it is almost always by chance that you hear them. Herein Malaga, for instance, not one traveller in a thousand ever discovers the Chinitas, thatlittle caf6 in the Caleta, which is certainly, in its irresponsible perverse way, the one realschool of art in Spain. There, it is true, you may hear the Malaguena sung or danced or played by artists, unconscious of their perfection, anxious it may be to better themselves, to gotoMadrid, to Paris, to Berlin, where in a minute they will be quite spoiled by the vulgarityof the music-hall that will take the place of the racy freedom and robustness of the littledancing hall of Malaga. Yes, within those dingy, disreputable walls, something seems to havebeen expressed, to have escaped from its captivity; and yet, while you have still all thecolour and passion of so rare a thing, some nuance, I know not what, I know not why, seemsto have vanished away, to have lost itself in that narrow room, so that really the song isless beautiful there than when sung on the quays or in some patio at midday.There are other arts besides those of singing and dancing that you will find at the Chinitas,better almost than anywhere else in Spain: the art of poetry, for instance, really, in itsprimitive form, a kind of impromptu wrung from the poet half intoxicated by music, by thecurious giddy madness of the castanets. Peculiar, it might seem, to a land so languid aboutart as Spain, so little aware of anything that it has not made its own, so indifferent to merebeauty, so anxious for life, these curiously fascinating moments in which you may see, asit were, the very art of the poet practised before you, the delicate handling of words thathave really been born out of a vision, are to the Spaniard in their excitement, in theirrather terrible energy, their extraordinary promise of beauty, much akin to the more brutalbut not less eager moments of the bull-fight, when some extraordinarily beautiful feat ofsword play or daring is about to take place. &amp;Through a frankly noisy crowd full of laughter, amid all the freedom of the cafe, two womenand an old man thread their way to a sort of platform at the end of the room. One of thewomen, old and ugly, and yet not without that distinction which seems always to wait onold age here in Spain, sits beside the old man, who tunes his guitar at the back of the stage;the other, still young, with a sad and eager face, sits before them on a chair, alone, facingthe noisy crowd. For a minute or two the old man continues to tune his guitar, and thenquite suddenly he strikes a beautiful and suggestive chord that dies away into a kind ofchant, played with much art on that instrument, so little known out of Spain. The old womanbeats time with her foot, clapping her hands, and from time to time uttering strange cries:cries that, in some way 1 cannot explain, seem to excite that motley crowd, which hassuddenly grown so silent, till they, too, are full of eagerness, of energy. Now and againfrom among them some one cries out in answer. The girl seated alone in the midst of thestage seems to be asleep, a sort of drowsiness has overwhelmed her; her arms hang listessly ather sides, her head has fallen on her breast. Still the old woman beats her hands togetherpassionately, angrily almost; her cries seem to burst from a heart, full of rage and fury, thatis about to break. Now and then the girl rocks a little in her chair, the old man continueshis endless melody, passionate and sad, on the guitar. An immense seriousness has fallenupon the crowd. Near me is a woman, her hand lying in the hand of a man, still young,who sits beside her; there are tears in her eyes, and his fingers have ceased to press hers;he has forgotten her, he is waiting almost with anxiety for something to declare itself, forrevelation, it might seem. Everywhere around me are eager faces, that for a moment seemto have lost the harshness that daily life has pressed upon them, that have forgotteneverything, and have attained to a sort of simplicity that you may often find in the facesof those who are sleeping. The figure in the midst of the stage seems almost to have collapsed,to have fallen on to itself, and then, suddenly, as the old woman furiously cries out, andin frenzy beats her hands together with a kind of menace, almost threatening in its intensity,a shiver passes over the girl, the red carnation in her black hair trembles, in a moment amask seems to have fallen from her face; her eyes are wide open, dilated, her mouth widens,becomes almost immense, almost terrible in its effort of articulation; closes a little, andbecomes beautiful as she is about to utter the beautiful words; and then, as it were, thrustingback the excited, panting crowd with her hands, at last she speaks: &amp; 44 Thou art dead who wast my love but yesterday,1 am alone, alone, in the world that has lost thee,1 am a flower born in the shadow of a sepulchreAh, let me die! The lamentable cry of the old woman bears the last note away; a splendid and beautiful chordthrobs on the guitar; the girl is transfigured, her eyes are burning in her pallid face, sheleans forward, and again in a higher and more passionate melody, slowly like falling rose- leaves, the words drop from her lips: 4 Let me press my mouth to the wound of thy mouth,For my arms ache for thee, and thou shalt come between them,And our souls shall be confounded in a kiss....Ah, let me die.' Gradually the melody falls again into the lower key; like an immense curtain falling overlife, the last words come to us; her eyes are dying, her lids are so heavy that she can hardlyhold them open: ' Neither with thee can I live, nor without thee,And for my trouble there is no remedy,When I was with thee thou killedst me-without thee I shall die.Ah, let me die.' With an immense shout of applause the audience hurl hats, pence, and flowers on to thestage at her feet/but she seems to be sleeping; the old woman grovels for the halfpence,slowly the guitar sobs into silence. j® j® j® j® j® j® j®That melancholy simplicity which we have so little understood is to be found almost everywherein Seville; life is naked, and if it is unashamed it is only because it is too proud and toounconscious to be aware, till we with our strange eyes remind it of our vulgarity. And sinceit is chiefly of women that the traveller is compelled to think in this beautiful city that isfull of them, where in the narrow streets you feel the wind of their shawls, on the Trianabridge where you are caught by the sensuous and profound rhythm of their movement, inTriana itself where you are surprised by their sullen smouldering beauty, a little stupifiedby dust and sun, in the Palacios where you feel the cold passion of every gesture, everyglance, or in the Alcazar where you are overtaken by the memory of one who walked orbathed there long and long ago, and plucked the flowers and was much beloved, and evenin the Cathedral where on all sides Murillo's Madonnas, full of a distracting and sensualloveliness, smile, and smile pathetic in temptation; it is at last as a divine woman, sufficientfor us and yet so unsatisfying, full of sweetness that is about to become wearying, that youcome to think of the city herself. If you go to the Alcazar, for instance, expecting some greatand stern beauty, some altogether strong and lovely thing, you will be disappointed;everywhere you will find flowers that whisper together as though some one had but just passedby, and as you enter room after room, court after court, patio after patio, full of silence andsunlight, you will almost hear the footsteps of someone who has but just gone out, leaving a fainttrace of some presence in an inexplicable trouble on the threshold, a suggestion of scent inthe air, the trembling of a curtain that has just felt the touch of a hand, a fading breathon the window-pane through which some one has glanced a moment before, a blossom fallenon the pathway, the fluttering of a leaf on a tree where some one has just plucked a fruit.And you remember that Maria Padilla often passed through these gardens, that under thesevery trees she trembled in the arms of her lover, that these cold pavements have felt thetenderness of her feet, this marble the wealth and sweetness of her body. j® j®And seeing that Seville is so full of the memory of women, of women's laughter like thesong of a bird full of delight, that you may often hear in the evenings in Triana, of thevoices of women singing children to sleep, of their hands that float like lilies in the Sevillanadance, of their movements full of languor and grace, it is after all just their delight whichis the charm of the city herself, an infinite variety in which you will find everything youdesire. Something pensive, spell-bound, but half-real in the strait, winding Moorish streets,the delicate, sleeping patios, through which the moonlight creeps like a ghost, combinesinconsequently but not unfortunately at all with the melancoly of the Fabrica or the Potterysheds, the romance of the busy Guadalquivir, the noise and beauty of the quays, the groupsof foreign sailors you may see there; while the freedom of the sulky gipsies of Triana, whoseem ever about to cry out at you or to spring upon you, contrasts strangely enough withthe dignity and seclusion of the women of Andalusia, their immense ennui and calmness, asit were, their look of exhausted delight, stupefied by their own stupidity. j® j®And so in the spring or autumn evenings, and in winter too, if after the strangely elaboratefrugality of the Spanish dinner you enter the Cafe de Novedades, for instance, you may seethe Andalusian women dancing very beautifully, though a little wearily, to the clapping ofhands, the throb of the guitar, the eagerness of the castanets. Just there, I think, you willfind the most perfect and the most natural expression of life in Andalusia. It is not a joyfulthing at all, this strange, vivid struggle, in a dance that is like a battle in the soul thathas communicated itself to the flesh. It is really a passianate, almost a religious, expressionof life, full of an extraordinary seriousness that will produce tears rather than laughter. Itis as though in those few subtle movements of the body an art very racy and national adying art, it is true, but the only one left in Spain that is even yet alive, had sought tosum up and express, as it were, in a beautiful allegory, the fundamental truths of life, of love,of the creative enthusiasm of man, so pitiful, so involuntary. The dancer stands before herfellows who are seated in a semicircle behind her; she wears a long dress that falls infoldsto the ground. After a time, while some sing intermittently, some now and then play a guitar,some beat time with their hands and stamp with their feet, she begins to dance to themaddening thunder of the castanets. It is a dance of the body, of the arms, of the fingers,of the head, in which the feet have almost no active part. At first she stands there like a flower that is almost overcome by the sun, sleepy and full of languor; her arms seem likethe long stalks of the water-lilies that float in the pools. Suddenly she trembles, somethingseems to have towered in her heart and to be about to burst into blossom. Her whole bodyis shaken in ecstasy; wave after wave of emotion, of pure energy, as it were sweeps overher limbs; she is like a rose at dawn that, gazing at the sunrise, has shaken the dew fromthe cup of its petals, trembling with adoration. Her head leans on her shoulder, she isawakening, the castanets have awakened her; she undulates her hips almost imperceptibly.Life has caught her in his arms, he has strained back her head; slowly she has opened hereyelids, she rounds her arms as though to embrace him, she holds out her mouth heavywith an ungiven kiss. Without moving her feet, without bending her knees, slowly she turnsher body to follow him. At first she dances gravely, intermingling her beautiful arms; her soulsuffers in her her body suffers in its sheath, she breathes deeply, she cannot close hereyelids, and her mouth is like a red rose about to fall. She strains voluptuously, she is free; herbody is all joyful, is overwhelmed by the splendour of joy; it is as though she were caughtin a profound and serious laughter. With an immense energy life possesses her, wrings fromher cries that are as lamentable as those of women at child-birth, cries that are drownedin the thunder of innumerable hands, hands that seem to stretch forth eagerly to touchlife as it passes. Slowly she seems to subside into herself, the undulations of her body growless and less violent; she seems to be weeping, she seems about to fall, she is quite still;it is finished. In a fierce frenzy, serious, grave, and passionate, the thunder of applause,mingled with extraordinary and beautiful cries, grows and dies away into silence in theshabby room.Just there it seems to me Seville is in her most characteristic mood, finding in so trivial athing as the dance seems to us to be, a means of expression for the most profound simplicitiesof Nature; dancing being, indeed, the only expression of life for which she cares, since itsums up, as it were, all the rest in its symbolism, and in its perfect marriage of matter andform shadows forth in a mortal minute the whole activity of man. &amp;t Songs of Malaga A primitivemusic. The art of poetry In the Cafe An iniprov is a*trice. &amp; In Seville. j® Maria Padilla. The Women ofj® A dying art. j® The Dance. (1) Grove, Dictionary of Music and Musicians, under 'Song' says that P. Lacome has noted a Malaguena in Echosd'Espangne (Durand et flls, Paris); For me, at least, it is a poor specimen, anaemic and attenuated. THE PHILOSOPHY OF ACTORS. Friedrich Nietzsche. "jt is the blissful illusion of all great actors that the historical person represented by them* really felt as they do during their performance; but in this they are greatly mistakenTheir power of imitation and divination which they are desirous of representing as clear=sighted faculty, only penetrates far enough to explain gestures, accents, and looks inshort, the exterior; that is, they grasp the phantom soul of a great hero, statesman, warrior,of an ambitious, jealous, desperate person; they come pretty near the soul, but fail toarrive at the spirit of their objects. It would, indeed, be a truly valuable thing to discoverthat, instead of thinkers, discerners, experts, we only required clear-sighted actors to throwlight upon the essence of any condition. Whenever such presumptuous notions becomeprevalent, we should never forget that the actor is nothing but an ape, indeed so much ofan ape that he is utterly unable to believe in "nature" and "essence"; all he aims at isacting, accent, gesture, stage, scenery and audience ". &amp; ag? &amp;From the translation of Johanna Volz. " atura.l To be natural at least in his deficiencies is perhaps the highest eulogiumA that can be bestowed on an artificial and in all other respects theatrical and ungenuineartist. For this very reason he will boldly display his deficiencies ". &amp; &amp; Friedrich Nietzsche. "ALL ART CONSTANTLY ASPIRES TOWARDS THE CONDITION OF MUSIC" Walter Pater. A NOTE ON MASKS by John Balance A Imost all ISie things which had to dor% w|th the Theatre of the ancients have sodegenerated to tine ludicrous that it IsImpossible to speak of these tilings of theancient Theatre without evoking laughter,...laughter in the common people and aparticular kind of bored drawl in many ofthe educated. It seems to me that I shallnever forget trying to explain to a certainDoctor T.... that a piece of work which afriend of mine had Just Invented for theTheatre was to be given without the useof words. He could not permit (I rememberhis gravity) that a serious subject should betreated on the stage without long discoursesIn words. And when I assured him of nay friend ?$ resolve to do this, how strange was the tone with which Doctor T.... shot out theone word, i&amp; Ah, Pantomime? "Dancing, Pantomime, Marl©lunettes, Masks; these things so vital to the ancients, all parts oftheir respected Art of the Theatre at one time or another, have been all turned into a Jest.Dancing « a straight toe like an Icicle, strapped In like a 6 Bambino % in an over-pink tight;something on the top of it like a powder puff, and the whole tiling sent whirling at anenormous rate like a teetotum, . . . . It is the modern public dancer. &amp; &amp; &amp;Or two persons like bears hugging one another, and slowly and heavily as bears growlingtheir way round a room, plod, plod, plod, bump, plod bump, .... this is the modern privatedancer. &amp; And it is permitted. &amp; These things being permitted and being so obviously ridiculous, and being labelled as thedance, it stands to reason that when the word 64 Dance " Is mentioned seriously one of theseridiculous pictures is conjured up by the listener. Indeed, people are even prevailed upon tosmile on reading In the Bible that King David danced among the women before the Ark. Theypicture to themselves a fancy King David attired either as a powder puff or a bear, whirlingor lumbering round on a dusty road .... probably uphill. Why, the thing is inconceivable!It Is no use for the Royal Academicians to draw a picture of the famous Artist-King assedately advancing with a harp In his hands like a courtier of the time of Louis XIV.Here again the thing becomes inconceivable; and as the imagination of man is not verybrilliant, It stands to reason that people give up the Idea of serious and beautiful dancingas having really existed, and fall back Into the modern distortion. &amp; &amp;jg? The case Is even worse with Pantomime. At the best the world conceives pantomime tofoe what the French actors are so good at and at the worst they think it is Clown andPantaloon. French actors are amusing and delightful; Clown and Pantaloon are entrancing,hut these beings are undoubtedly not the exponents of the Art of Pantomime. &amp; &amp;So if you point out the case of Buddah teaching symbolic gesture or 45 Pantomime " to hispupils the world will Instantly think of Harlequinade or of 44 L'Enfant Prodigue and,dressing Buddah, (in their mind's eye) In coloured, diamond-patterned tights or the loosewhite costume of Pierrot, will giggle as they try to foe serious about it all. &amp; jg?The Marionnette, too; mention him in good society, even in learned society, and the rewillfoe an awkward moment or two. It seems that he has become one of those things that onemust not mention; - like the novels of Dumas, he Is only for boys and girls; and if you remindanyone that he figured In the Feast of Bacchus when the Egyptians celebrated these rites,people will instantly think of a poor doll tied to a stick and resembling nothing so muchas Aunt Sally. If you remind people of what Mr Anatole France writes of these strange andwonderful beings, the Marionnettes, they will probably put Mr Anatole France down as aneccentric gentleman. He happens to be an artist and knows about what he is speaking, solet us hear what he sayss .. . &amp; J&amp; &lt;&amp;?44 J'ai vu deux lots fes marionnettes de la rue Vivienne, et j'y ai pris un grand plaisir. Je leursals un gre infihi de remplacer les acteurs vivants. S'il faut dire toute ma pensee, les acteursme gatent la comedie. J'eraterads les boras acteurs. Je m' accommoderais encore des autres! Maisce son! les artistes excellents, corrsme il se trouverat a la que decidementje rae puis souffrir! Leur talent est trop grand; il couvre tout! II n'y a qtT eux". And again: "J'eraai d»eja fait V aveu, j'aime Ses marionnettes, et celles de M. Signoret me plaisent singulierement.Ce sont des artistes qui les taillent; ce sont des poetes qui les montrent. Ellas out une gracenaive, une gaucherie divine de statues qui consentent a fair© Ses poupees, et Ton est ravi devoir ces petites idoles jouer la com6die.... Ces marionnettes ressemblent a des hierogliphes Egyptiens, c'est-a-dire a quelque chose de mysterieux et depur, et, quand elles reprise intent un drame de Shakespeareou d'Aristophane, je crois voir la penstfe du poete se dcrouleren caracteres sacrtfs sur les murailles d'un temple". Andfinally: " II y a une heure a peine que la toile du Petit Theatreest sur le groupe harmonieux de Ferdinand et deMiranda. Je suis sous le charme et, com me dit Prospero, " jeme ressens encore des illusions de cetie ile". L'aimablespectacle! Et qu'il est vrai que les choses exquises, quandelles sont naives, sont deux fois exquises ". (La " VieLitteraire" et "Le Temps"). So much then for Dancing, Pantomime, the Marionnette;and now for Masks. JZ? &amp;jg/ Used by the savages when making war at a time whenwar was looked on as an art; used by the ancients in their ceremonies when laces were held to be too weak and disturbing an element; used by thosegreat artists of the theatre, /Eschylus, Sophocles and Euripides; rejected later on by thevanity of the actors, and relegated by them to the toy-shop and the fancy-dress ball, the Maskhas sunk to the level of the Dance, of Pantomime and of the Marionette. From being awork of art carved in wood and ornamented with precious metals, it has frittered itself awayinto a piece of paper, badly painted or covered with black satin, &amp; &amp; &amp;I shall not here deal historically with the Mask, as this will be fully gone into in anothernumber and my particular wish is not to confuse the reader with the point at issue, whichis the importance of the mask to the Life of the Theatre of today and of tomorrow. It isas important now as it was of old and is in no way to be included among the things wehave to put aside as old fashioned, must in no way be looked upon merely as a curiosity,for its existence is vital to the Art of the Theatre.The historical study of this question will only assist those who already perceive the valueand importance of reviving in the Theatre the famous and beautiful vitality of its earlierdays. To those who know nothing of this spirit the historical study of the Mask is valueless,for like antiquaries they will but collect material for the sake of collecting, and any oldthing, provided it be of good craftsmanship and excessively rare, will attract them.Gordon Craig, in his writings on the Theatre, speaks for the Mask over and over again.He sees the gain to the Theatre which is attached to this thing. What he tells us is not new,...it is what all artists know, but there lies intrinsic value today in hearing it definitely fromthe mouth of an artist sprung from one of the most productive families of the English Stage.He tells us that human facial expression is for the most part valueless, and that the lawsof his Art tell him that " It is better, provided it is not dull, that instead of six hundredexpressions, but six expressions shall appear upon the face". Later on he gives an example:" The Judge sits in Judgment upon the Prisoner, and he shall display but two expressions,each of which is in just proportion with the other. He has two masks and on each mask onemain statement, these statements being tempered by Reflections,... the hopes and fears andthe rest of not merely the Judge, but of Justice and Injustice ". &amp;Craig "aims at taking us beyond reality; he replaces the pattern of the thing itself bythe pattern which that thing evokes in his mind, the symbol of the thing ". In saying thisArthur Symons recognises in Craig a descendent of the family of the ancient artists of theTheatre, for his aim was theirs, and the Mask a part of their strength, the Mask, thesymbol of the Human face. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;/It is this sense of being beyond reality which permeates all great art. We see it in thelittle clumsily painted pictures of those periods when the true beyond was of more importancethan a right perspective, when the perspective of thought and feeling held its true value.We see it in the marvellous little Etruscan figures of but an inch high! one faces me asI write, a tiny little piece of bronze, charged with an overwhelming spirit, but whichwould be refused at the Royal Academy of today because its hand is as big as its head andthe toes of the feet are not defined; because it does not wriggle itself into a pose, but ispoised with firm conviction,... conviction, a thing detested by committees and hence refusedadmission in Academies. jg? jg? &amp;Masks carry conviction when he who creates them is an artist, for the artist limits thestatements which he places upon these masks. The face of the actor carries no suchconviction: it is over full of fleeting expression,.... frail, restless; disturbed and disturbing,and, as Craig says elsewhere, on this account not material with which to make a work of art.JZ? It is doubtful whether the actor will ever have the courage to cover his face with a maskagain having once put it aside, and it is doubtful whether he shall see that it would serve ashis gain. If it can be proved that it would be to the actor's loss and not his gain it willprove that the Actor and the Art of the Theatre are divided at the outset, and one of threethings will happen: either the Actor will drift further from the Art, or he will be destroyedin battling against the Art, or, finally, he will, like the phoenix, destroy himself to re form himself, and so in a new shape advance with the Art for whichhe has sacrificed himself.The mask will return to the Theatre; of that one seemsto be assured; and there is no very great obstacle in theway although there is some slight danger attached to amisconception of its revival. First of all it is not theGreek mask which is going to be resuscitated; rather is itthe English mask which is going to be created. There issomething very depressing in the idea of groping among ruinsfor the remains of the past centuries. It is a great trade today,but not for the purposes of the Theatre. They dig for themarbles and the bronzes and the statuettes: they unearthtombs; they rummage even for crinolines of i860; they admirethese things.The Theatre may admire the old Greek masks, but it mustnot dig in the ground for them; it must not collect them; it must not waste what power it has as a creator, attending to its fads; it must not play theantiquary.That such a danger as this exists and needs guarding against is most evident. Some timeago, we do not know how far back, (the collector knows) the world became tired of creatingand took unto itself the rage for the old fashioned."Pictures.... away with the young painters: let us fill our houses with the old paintings; dragthem out of the churches, dig them out of the niches, scrape them off the walls; what doesit matter! Hateful young men! Lovely old masters!""Sculpture.... quick, fly to Greece! Now's the time! Nobody's looking,... occupied withaffairs,... no money in the country; a lot of money in the ground; dig it all up; let sculpturego to the dogs, and let the old remains come back from Athens to fill our collections "."Music.... some young musician wants his symphony played. Nonsense, costs too much; havediscovered splendid new piece in little old shop for one fife and a drum; never heard anythinglike it before! Wonderful discovery! Tell the young man to take up chemistry". And so on and so on. &amp; This craze for the antique has become a general habit, and themore antique the more the craze. Old furniture, houses packed with old furniture; books,tapestries, all sorts of metal work, even down to coins, though here the true collector,the millionaire, is careful to keep as modern as he can. And this love of the antique is growingso petty to-day that it is positively eating into the very people themselves and they are becomingas antique as that which they collect: with this difference, that the old stuff has life in itand they have none. This love of the antique has come into the Theatre now and then; itentered into England with William Poel and his Elizabethan Stage Society. Those who knowMr Poel know him to be a man of distinction, cultivated, and an authority upon the stageof the 16th century. But what is that for the purpose of the living Theatre? All those connectedwith the stage should be distinguished and cultivated, and authorities on all questionspertainining to the stage; but they should possess that only as a basis, and on that basisthey should build anew and not merely exhibit the basis itself, saying, " Lo, the ruins ofthe 16th century! tickets 6d; plan of excavation, 2d extra". There have been others besidesMr Poel. There have been the revivalists of the so-called Greek Theatre,... a dreadful thingentirely in Greek; and so on.It would be a sad thing, therefore, if masks, sham-Greek in idea, sham-Greek in theirmanufacture, should be brought into the Theatre, appealing to the curious only by creatinga subject for small talk. No! the Mask must return to the Stage to restore expression, .. .the visible expression of the mind. There is a second danger, ... the danger of the innovator. As Art must not be antique,neither can it be up-to-date. I think it is Mr Whistler who points out that Art has no periodwhatever. It has only vitality or affectation, and under 4 affectation' come both the imitationof the antique and the up-to-date. jgr &amp;The vitality of the Art depends upon its artists and their willingness to work under the Lawswhich have ruled their Art from the commencement. Not Laws put down by committees tosuit a period, but the commandments unspoken and uninscribed, the ever-living Law ofBalance which is the heart of perfect Beauty and from which springs Freedom,.... thatFreedom which we hope and believe is the soul of Truth. To move incessantly towards thisis the aim of artists, and those of the Theatre must not lag behind. &amp; &amp;As has been said many times before, this will be nothing new. It is what the men of theTheatre began thousands of years ago: it is what the men of the Theatre a few hundred yearsago relinquished as beyond their strength. When we shall resume this we shall not bemerely repeating: it will be no echo of a past century: the inspiration which led men to usethe mask in past ages is the same now as it ever was and will never die. It is this inspirationthat we shall act under and in which we trust. Therefore let no one attempt to put thisthing aside as being of the antique, or an eccentric explosion of 44 I'Art Nouveau ". I anticipate the charges so as to call attention to the class of person who is sure to have something tosay against us. We all know the kind of individual who is continually heard laughing to-scornthe vitality of his country and his age. He is an unhealthy creature and I am glad to find thatin England lie is already beginning to die out. For the last seven years a new spirit hasawakened in England and everything is coming under its influence. There is a gaiety abroadand a sense of freedom which loosens the Joints of our island and which gives to our dignifiedand solemn people an added grace of which they were much in need. Let the young menof the Theatre remember this and stand at ease, for there is a protective spirit abroad whomthey can look to when they need support. No longer a stiff courtesy reigns in the Court,but a genial one;... one which I believe is friendly to all things young and vital,... which3 hope is not to forget the young and vital Art of the Theatre. &amp; &amp; Dancing &amp; &amp; Pantomime. &amp; The Marionnette Mr Anatole&amp; &amp; France. Masks. &amp; &lt;£? Gordon Craig onMasks, £? kittle Etruscanfigures &amp; Mask or faces ? Not revival butcreation. The rage for theold fashioned, The innovator. TO MADAME ELEONORA DUSE Gordon Craig. No, not an actress, but something more; not an artist, but something less; a personality;and then something far more than all these three. &amp; &lt;t&amp; &amp; &amp;No one can call Eleonora Duse an actress; yet in spite of this many people have tried to write aboutthe 44 acting " of Eleonora Duse. Frenchmen and Dutchmen, Englishmen and Italians, Americansof the North and of the South have vied with each other to praise her extraordinary geniusfor 44 acting Some, amazed by a certain natural impression which she creates as she stepsbefore us, dazzled by the extraordinary naturalness of her speech, set out to praise this inher. Some will linger upon a particular detail; upon the ease with which she is able tosummon up the gradual overwhelming blush as in 4Magda'. Others will cry out that it isastonishing that this actress is able at will to become pale as only those who are faintingbecome pale. Others will write of the unfailing taste which controls every thought and everyaction of this actress. A fifth, comparing her with Sarah Bernhardt, will speak of the marvellousreserve of her acting and its veracity, and, while stating that Sarah Bernhardt leaves nothingto chance and is scientific in her methods, will praise Eleonora Duse as the greater actressfor being always swayed by the feeling of the moment. A sixth speaks of her acting as seemingto come from a great depth and to be only half telling profound secrets..... 44 No play 44,says this writer, 44 has ever been profound enough and simple enough for this woman to sayeverything she has to say in it. " This last writer gets nearer to the secret the littlenothing of a secret of Eleonora Duse, yet he writes about her as an 44 actress " as dothe others, whereas it seems the only way to write about Eleonora Duse is as a woman.She has nothing of art in her composition. She abhors all that goes to make up great art....that is to say, the obedience to laws which are impersonal and immortal. She is personallove, personal courage, personal hope, and personal beauty, and these all whirl her throughthe long space of her' life as some unseen and lonely star is whirling at this moment aboveour heads. &amp; &amp;&amp; &lt;£?£?&amp;?&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;?Mow childlike and simple is it of these men who would learn Sier small secret innocently toenter the theatre, each on a different night, and each of them to think that he is lookingat the same thing! When I think of Eleonora Duse on the stage in front of the world, I see,as it were, a lonely yet hopeful figure, draped in some ineffable charm to hide its loneliness,and appealing to the men who sit there like boys at school. Some are humbled, some arestudious, some tremble with a sort of repressed excitement, some sit wondering; but noneof them seem to hear what she is crying out, and that cry seems to be, 4 Release me, releaseme from this agony; unchain me from this rock to which Fate has bound me; kill allthese hideous monsters which wait to devour me !,y. &amp; &amp; &amp; jg?And even now I pretend not that 8 have found tSie secret of Eleonora Duse. 1 am not able tobelieve that I could ever solve that vast problem. I come somewhere near it when I saythat may be there is no problem to solve. But rather than commit myself to so great avanity I must perforce address myself to other things and first to the consideration ofthe evil which comes to our Art by connecting such wonderful people and the term 4 Artist'together.No one can seriously call an actor or actress an artist off the Theatre; and as no one can seriously call this extraordinary being, Eleonora Buse, an actress, so doubly is she not anartist of the Theatre.An artist dies for his art. To an artist nothing Jess than perfection will do. An artist willsooner never commence his work than end with it in an imperfect state. An artist isunselfishness personified. He lives for an ideal, and for that ideal everything else in theworld is destroyed. An artist is never to foe heard saying " I should like to but only " Iwill And what is it he wills? It is, as I have said, perfection, perfection, and nothing shortof perfection. &amp;/&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;?&amp;&lt;£?&amp;&amp;/&amp;No man or woman in the theatre of today wills such perfection. Each actor and actress,each manager, each scene painter carries in his being a soul of compromise. Rather thanbe in a fix himself he will put his art in a fix. All the workers in the theatre, from thegreatest to the lowest, feel that they have to be incessantly active, showing something,whether ready or not ready, and it is always a case of not ready.With the actor, he brings his own part up to a certain incomplete perfection. He knows hisown lines, he knows how much emotion to pour into them, and having done this he thinkshe has created a work of Art. He has not done so: he has been content with very much lessthan the least perfection he is not an artist: and this wonderful woman, Eleonora Duse,she, too, is content with less than perfection. This is the rock to which she is bound.If this were not so, with the force and the beauty, and, as we believe, the strength, whichis in her, she could create a state in which the creation of a work of art might becomepossible.Let me at once say that this spirit of force and beauty would not use its person, fingers, orhands to fashion this work of art, and would forever put aside the thought of such a deedas unnatural. &lt;£? It is love which creates, and nothing except love will ever create.The man or woman who greatly and entirely loves the art of the Theatre, with a love inwhich no grain of selfishness lingers, but which is surrounded by circles of pride, such a onecan heal the theatre can restore vitality to its poor and broken body and can then performThe Miracle with its soul.^And what a love is this! how white and crystal hot, the passion with which a man as lonely ashe is great, might, phoenix like, consume himself while creating a new life and beauty fromhis own destruction. And how much more might a woman do this!Not to descend and with feminine hands attempt the work of men, and in meddling withthese beautiful hands, spoil all the fingers by fingering all the spoils; not to descend amongus, the workmen at the anvil, except in the momentary Vision, but to remain aloofand beyond as the gracious moon which shines down and illumines all things at night,changing here, changing there with the hours, so that we shall not tire of it, but shall everbe able to say, 4 10, the moon is at the full,' or, 4 behold, the new moon'. &amp; £/And do not we mortals continually talk about this new moon? What a happy and deliciousmother*kindness is behind this idea of a beauty which rises in the skies and which continuallychanges for her sons; continually soothes, continually passes, rises and then falls; charms,is ever attracting; speaks in profound silences, whispers.... laughs.... is a girl.... is a wisewoman.... sleeps.... does this all for us, her sons, never changing in that.^And some such raised thing, some such sweet influence, shedding down beams of assurance,of calm, cold promise, that is what we want. Some beauty, too great for thought of self,too round to contain any hollows. &lt;£? JZ?3 began to write of her, of Eleonora Duse, that is, of a great name. But now I speak to her;to this something which is not a name. &amp; &amp;To y0u.... who when you will, may step up this ladder of the fairies which has waited for youuntil n0w.... a silver thing hanging down from the skies, thrown down by the gods and heldat the end which touches our earth by the youngest children of the theatre who love theirlost art with all their heart, boys who beg of you to step upon this ladder and rise beforetheir eyes, rung by rung, higher and higher, away from us, so that you may be for ever nearu5.... enthroned.The thought and vision of the Sibyls fill my mind. 3 see the Sibyls of old and listen to thetale of their great happiness. Their story opens with a long unutterable sorrow.... it endswith a deep and mounting joy. They tell me of the flowers and of their mountain heroes andhow their heroes died: and then a great wailing arises in which all other sounds are lost.They seem to wail on incessantly for an age, an age which is but a moment, so lonely, sounending a pain upon the dry and lonely mountains. And then, as before some strange uphea- val in Nature, all sounds of birds and beasts cease; so their voices are hushed Silence.... andthen slowly the wonder of morning's light.. Wisdom. Step up, Sweet Mystery, ascend thisladder which we hold. Become the eleventh Sibyl: ascend, find there wisdom which awaitsyou and then cast down to us a truth to heal us, and another truth to guide us, and anothertruth to cheer us, and innumerable truths of eternal life that we may live for that whichwe love, for our art, for our beautiful Theatre, CHAPTER FROM THE BOOK ONARCHITECTURE. By Sebastian Serlio Bologna. SECTION SHOWING CONSTRUCTION OF STAGE AND AUDITORIUM THE COMIC SCENE THE TRAGIC SCENE A THE SATIRIC SCENE A TREATISE UPON THE CONSTRUCTION OF A THEATRE IN WOOD: UPON SCENERY ANDTHE DIFFERENT CONTRIVANCES FOR LIGHTING THE SCENE 1560. &amp; £&gt; &amp; IZJirst of all I shall treat of the scenes and the theatres of our time, and it will be ratherdifficult to understand where we must place the line of sight, mine being a differentmethod from former ones. &amp; &amp;I have chosen to design the above section first. By the aid of the ground-plan it will be betterunderstood. Therefore study the ground-plan first and if there are some things which arenot quite clear in it, then it will be better to refer to the section. &amp;I first begin with the foreground which shall be on a level with the eye, and which is flat,and marked C. And from. B. to A. let the ground rise in the direction of A. The thicker ofthe two upright pieces, that which is marked M., denotes the outside wall which is at theextremity of the hall. The thinner upright piece marked P. denotes the extremity of thestage; (1) the joint marked O. is the line of sight, and the joint where the line runs fromL. to O. and meets the upright piece P. becomes the line of sight, but which is to serveonly for that plane ; and this line will always be the line of sight for facades" of buildingswhich face us: but those parts of buildings which are not facing will have their line of sightmarked O.: and it stands to reason that if the buildings show two fronts they shall have twolines of sight: so much for the section of the scene.We now proceed with the section of the auditorium. The Proscenium is marked D.; TheOrchestra which is marked E. is raised one half foot from the ground. F. indicates the seatreserved for the nobility. The first steps which are marked G. are to be at the dispositionof the most noble ladies, and higher up the less noble shall be set. The broader stepsmarked H. and I. are passages; between these two passages are the seats reserved for thenoble men. On the four steps above I. the middle class shall find place. That large spacemarked K. shall be for the populace, and shall be lesser or greater in size according to thesize of the hall. The theatre and the scene that I made in were somewhat in themanner I have described. From one end of the auditorium to the other it measured 80 feet;and it was erected in a great courtyard where 1 found more room for it than for the stage,this latter being built against a loggia. The construction and joints of the wood-work werein the manner I have shown in the previous chapter, and since this theatre was withoutany extra support whatever, for its greater strength I made it a Scarpa.THE STAGE &lt;£? Few things may be contemplated with greater pleasure to the eye or morerest to the spirit than the unveiling to our view of a stage setting. By means of the art ofperspective one receives an impression of superb palaces, vast temples and other splendidbuildings, and near and far spacious piazzas ornamented by various lofty turrets; long streetscrossed by other streets - triumphal arches - pyramids - obelisques, - and a thousand otherbeautiful forms ornamented by innumerable lights of different strengths - large, medium,small, in proportion, which are at times so cunningly arranged that they seem like so manysparkling diamonds, rubies, sapphires, emeralds, and other &amp;Here one sees the horned and lucent moon rising slowly so slowly that the eye of thespectator does not see her move; in other scenes the rising of the sun is represented withsuch art that one remains lost in wonder. By like means one is enabled to see the descentof a God from on high, or the passage of some planet through the air. We may also see uponthe stage various intermedii beautifully decorated, and figures strangely and fantastically clothed, both dancers and musicians. Sometimes onesees men and children in the strange disguises ofanimals who play tricks leap, vault and caper sowell that it fills the spectators with amazement. uZ?All these things give so much pleasure to the eyeand to the intelligence that we imagine nothingmade by man can be more beautiful " Di quelle cosepoi che siamo in proposito delTarte della perspettiua:10 ne trattarb alquato. Pure quatuque questo mododi perspettiua di ch'io parlarb sia diuerso dalle regolepassate per essere quelle imaginate sopra li parietipiani: &amp; questa per essere materiale &amp; di rilieuo eben ragione a tenere altra strada. Primieramente per11 comune uso si fa un suolo leuato da terra quantoTocchio nostro, cioe dalla parte dauanti &amp; di dietrosi fa piu alto la nona parte, partendo in noue partitutto il piano, &amp; una di quelle. Sia leuato il dettosuolo dalla parte di dietro uerso TOrizonte, &amp; siaben piano, &amp;. forte per causa delle moresche, questapendentia io Tho trouata commoda con la esperientiaperche in Vicenza (citta molto ricca &amp; pomposissimafra I'altre d'ltalia) io feci uno Theatro: &amp; una scenadi legname, perauentura, anzi senza dubbio, la mag=giore che a nostri tempi si sia fatta, doue per limarauigliosi intermedii che ui accadeuano, comecarette, Eletanfi, &amp; diuerse moresche, io uolsi che dauanti la scena pedente: ui fosse un suolo piano, la latitudine del quale fu piedi xii &amp; inlongitudine piedi Ix done io trovai tal cosa ben commoda, &amp; di grande aspetto. Questo primosuolo essendo piano il suo pauimento non übidiva a I'Orizonte, ma li suoi quadri furonoperfetti, &amp; al cominciare dal piano pendente, tutti quei quadri andavano a TOrizonte il checon la sua debita distantia sminui. Et perche alcuni han posto TOrizonte a Tultimo parieteche termina la scena, il qual e necessario metterlo sul proprio suolo al nascimento di essopariete, doue dimostra che tutti li casamenti se adunano : io mi sono imaginato di trapassarepiu oltre con TOrizonte, la qual cosa mi e cosi bene riuscita, che a fare tal cose ho sempretenuto questa strada, &amp; cosi consiglio coloro che di tal arte se diletteranno a tener questocamino, come nella seguente carta dimostraro. &amp; come ne ho trattato qui a dietro nelprofilo del Theatro, &amp; della Scena. &amp; &amp; &amp;Et perche gli apparati delle comedie sono di tre maniere, cioe la Comica, la Tragica, &amp; laSatirical io trattarb al presente della Comica, i casamenti della quale uoglion essere dipersonaggi priuati, li quali apparati per la maggior parte si fanno al coperto in qualche sala,che nel capo di essa ui sia camere per la commodita dei dicitori, &amp; iui si fa lo suolo comequi piu a dietro io dissi, e ne dimostrai Io suo profilo, &amp; qui auanti dimostrerb la pianta.Primieramente la parte C, e quel suolo piano &amp; poniam caso che un quadro sia due piedi&amp; medesimamete quelli del piano pendente son due piedi per ogni lato, &amp; e segnato B,e(come ho detto nel profilo) io non intendo di mettere TOrizonte al pariete ultimo della scena,111a quanto sara dal principio di esso piano B, fin al muro sia trapassato altro tanto di la dalmuro con TOrizonte, &amp; quelle due linee di punti dinotano il muro in capo di essa sala &amp;cosi tutti li casamenti, &amp; altre cose haueranno piu dolcezza ne i scurtii, doue tirati tutti liquadri ad esso Orizonte: &amp; diminuiti secondo la sua distantia, si leuaran sii li casamentili quali son quelle linee grosse sul piano, per diritto: &amp; per traverso, &amp; questi tai casamenti10 li ho sempre fatti di telari, sopra Si quaii ho poi tirato tele, facendogli Se sue porte infaccia &amp; in scurtio secondo le occasioni, &amp; anco ci ho fatto alcune cose di basso rilievo dilegnami che ha aiutato molto le pitture, come al suo loco ne trattarb. Tutto lo spacio da litelari al muro segnati A, seruiranno per li dicitori, &amp; sempre lo pariete ultimo uuol esserediscolto dal muro airmen due piedi, accib li dicitori possino passar coperti, di poi quanto sitrouera alto TOrizonte, sia tanto alzato un termino al principio del piano B, che fara L, &amp;da li a TOrizonte sia tirata una linea che e di punti; la quale sara al livello, &amp; dove questaferira ne Tultimo pariete: iui fara TOrizonte di esso pariete: &amp; non seruiraperb ad altro telaro:ma la detta linea sia una cosa stabile, perche questa sernira a tutti quei telari che farannoin maiesta, per trovare le grossezze di alcune cose, ma il primo Orizonte di la dal muro seruirka tutti li scurtii de i casamenti. Et perche a far questo saria necessario a rompere esso muro11 che non si puo fare, io ho sempre fatto uno modello piccolo di cartoni &amp; legnami, benmisurato &amp; traportato poi in grande, di cosa in cosa giustamente con facilita. Ma questa lettioneforsi ad alcuno sara difficile, nondimeno sara necessario faticarsi nel far de modelli &amp;esperientie, che studiando trouara la uia. Et perche le sale (per grande che siano) non sonaapaci di Theatri: io nondimeno per accostarmi quanto io posso a gli antichi: ho uoluto diesso Theatro fame quella parte che in una gran sala possi capire, perb la parte D, servira per proscenio. La parte circolare segnata E, farii I'orchestra leuata uit grado dal proscenio,intorno la quale son sedie per li piu nobili, che son F, Si gradi primi G, son per le donnepiu nobili, la parte H, e strada, &amp; cosi Sa parte I, G, Si altri gradi son per Si uomini men nobili,per li quali ui son scale per salire piu agiatamente. Quei luoghi spaciosi segnati K, saran poiper la plebe &amp; saranno maggiorl o minor! secondo Si Suochi, &amp; come 11 Suoco fara maggiorelo Theatro prendera piu delSa sua perfetta forma. &amp;THE COMIC SCENE I have already treated of the theatre and the stage and I shall now gointo details as to the scenes, which I have also said shall be of three different kinds. TheComic Scene, for representing Comedies: the Tragic Scene, for the Tragedies: and the ScenaSatyrica for the Satires. &amp; JZ/ &lt;£? &amp;The first, the Comic Scene, shall represent the exterior of the dwellings of private personssuch as citizens, lawyers, merchants, parasites and other like men.The house of the Procuress must not be lacking nor must the Scene be without a tavern.A Church is also very necessary. The method for setting these buildings in position 1 havealready given: " si nel levare i casameti sopra li piani, come nella pfanta delle scene massime,come &amp; done si dee porre 1' Orizonte. Nientedimeno accio che I'huomo sia meglio instruttocirca alle forme dei casamenti: io ne dimostro qui a lato una figura la quale potra, essereun poco di luce a chi di fa! cosa uorra dillettarsi. Pur in quesia essendo cosi piccola nonho potuto osseruare tutte le misure. Ma solamente ho accennato alia inuentione per avvertirI'huomo a saper fare elettione di quei casamenti che posti in opera habbino a riusciur benecome faria un portico traforato: dietro del quale si uegga un'altro casamento come quesfoprimo, li archi del quale son di opera moderna. &amp; &amp; &amp;The balconies which some call Pergole, others Renghieri are well adapted to perspective;so are cornices whose ends project from the corners of the building, cleverly intermingledwith others that are merely painted, which produce an excellent effect. Those houses too,which have a heavily projecting upper story are of great use: you may see one in the Hostelryof the Moon in the accompanying engraving. One must take especial care to remember toplace the smaller houses in the foreground, in order that the others which are behindmay be visible, as, for instance, the house of the Procuress, (Rufiana) whose sign, the three Hooks, may be seen in the illustration " onde per tal superiority della casa piu a dietro, uienea rappresentar grandezza, &amp; riempisse meglio la parte della scena, che non farebbe diminuendose le summita delle case diminuissero Tuna dopo I'altra. £?And although the things here designed have their shadows painted on one side, still theyshow to better advantage when they are illuminated from the middle of the stage: thereforelet the strongest Sights hang high up above the centre of the stage. The circular or squarepanes shown in the windows are transparent and of various colours, and the means forilluminating these I will give at the end of this book. &amp;It will be well to put lights behind the windows which are facing, whether they be of glass,of paper or of painted linen. But were I to give you all the hints I could about these thingsI should be held to be tedious. Therefore I will leave them for the invention of those whowish to exercise their intelligence. &amp; &amp; &amp;THE TRAGIC SCENE &amp; The Tragic Scene will be for the representation of the Tragedies.The Buildings which we shall show must be only those inhabited by Great Persons. For theamorous adventures, strange intrigues and violent and cruel deaths such as those we readof in ancient and modern tragedies, have always befallen in those places where Dukes andPrinces dwell and even in the Palaces of Kings. Therefore we must not in such scenes presentbuildings which have not nobility in them, but shall proceed as I have done in the followingdesign, tho' alas! being so limited for space I have not been able to show on it all those greatand royal edifices which it were more possible for me to present with greater space at mydisposal. But it will be enough if the architect who has the handling of these matters shallhave a glimmering of what I mean. He will then know how to adapt himself according to theplace and the subject. It is the same here as in the Comic Scene. In this scene it will alsobe best to put a small building in front of a large one for the reason I have already given.My scenes have been made on frames and therefore it is very necessary to avail oneself ofthe support of wood reliefs for the sake of strength for instance in that building on theright side of the design where the pilasters rest on a solid base, through which some stepspass. In this case the base must be solidly built, and upon the floor of this base the twoframes can be placed, the one facing the audience and the other in receding perspective.These frames will extend to the summit of the parapet (to the point A.) The upper part of thehouse which rests upon these arches recedes slightly and will be made in like manner tothat on which it rests. What I say of this particular building at the right of the design is to be applied also to the other buildings when the upper part recedes, especially of thosebuildings which are in the foreground. When such a building is placed far back at a greaterdistance from the audience, one frame well drawn and painted will suffice. As regards theartificial lights, what we have said in the Comic Scene applies to this scene also. Allsuperstructure such as chimneys, belfries and such like things, although I show none in theengraving, shall be designed on thin boards and cut in profile. They must be both drawnand coloured with skill and when you wish to make some imitation statues of marble or bronzeyou will use a thin board or even a thick cardboard cut in silhouette and shaded properly.When placing them in position you must be careful to affix them far enough from the spectatorslest a side view be obtained. &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;?&lt;£/In these scenes, although at times some artists have painted certain figures representing livingcreatures, for example a woman in a balcony or seen within a half-open door, or have picturedsome running animal, I do not counsel that these things be done because they have not actualmovement and are yet an imitation of actual beings. On the other hand it would be quiteappropriate to represent some sleeping figure or some dog or other animal asleep, for thisstate has no movement. I will speak again on this point at the end of this book and givesome idea as to the making of these things. &amp; &amp;OF THE SATIRIC SCENE The Satiric Scene is that used for the representation of SatiricPlays in which all those who live licentiously and without regard are reproved. In theancient satires vicious and ill-living men were almost named by the players, and onecan believe and understand also that such licence could only be permitted if it came fromthe mouths of half-witted persons or ill-educated rustic*; and it is for this reason that Vitruvio,treating of this scene, wishes that it may be ornamented with trees, rocks, hills, mountains,herbs, flowers and fountains, and desires also that there may be some rustic huts shown;and this we have done. And because these performances for the most part take place in ourland during the winter when but few herbs or flowers are to be found, you will have tomake such, artificially, with silk, and this you can do so well that they will be even more praised than those made by nature. Also as in the Comic and Tragic Scenes we imitatedhouses and other buildings by means of painting, so again in this scene we shall not do illto imitate herbs and flowers by the same means. And the more costly these things shall be,by so much will they be the more effective, and, truly, should be, in the hands of rich andmagnanimous lords who are the enemies of stinginess. This lavishness my eyes beheld insome scenes ordered from the architect Girolamo Genga by his patron Francesco Maria, Dukeof Urbino; and I noted as great liberality in the Prince, as taste and skill in the architect.In no other example of the art have I seen so much beauty. Oh Immortal Gods! Whatexhilaration lay in the sight of so many beautiful trees and fruits, so many herbs and sweetflowers fashioned from the finest silk of various colours; the little cliffs and rocks richlycovered with many sea shells of great beauty, with snails and other little animals, withbranches of coral of many colours, with mother of pearl, with sea crabs and with so greata variety of beautiful things that to attempt to write of them here would take too Neither will I attempt to tell of the satyrs, the nymphs, the syrens, and other monsterswhich were made with so much skill and then fitted over the bodies of men and childrenaccording to their size, and these set walking or running according to the nature of theanimal, which they performed to the very life. And were it not that I fear to be tedious Iwould tell of the superb costumes of certain shepherds made of rich cloth of gold and ofsilk, and lined with the choicest fur of wild animals. I would tell, also, of the fishermenwhose vestments were not less rich than the others and whose nets were made of fine goldenthread even as all their other implements were in like manner made of gold. I would tellof certain shepherdesses and nymphs whose robes were made regardless of cost, but Ileave it to the intelligence of all skilful architects to do such things when they shall findsuch patrons who generously open their hands to them that they may execute that whichthey desire.OF THE ARTIFICIAL LIGHT FOR THE SCENE. In the treatise upon the Comic Scene Ipromised to explain later the means of producing artificial lights of various colours, andfirst I will tell of the colour blue, " II quale rappresenta il zafiro e anco assai pio bello ".Take a piece of sal ammoniac and have at hand a barber's basin or another vessel of brassand pour into it a very little water. Let this piece of salt be well ground in the basin untilit be entirely dissolved, ever adding a little more water the while.If you would have more of such a dye and if you would have the tone more intense you mustadd more sal ammoniac. Now having mixed a basinful of this water, strain it through feltinto another vessel and a most beautiful azure blue will be produced. Wishing to make it lighter,add more pure water: thus of the same colour you will be able to make as many shades,light or dark, as you may wish. And if out of this same sapphire-tinted water you shouldwish to produce the colour of the emerald, add some saffron, more or less, according as youshall desire it, darker or lighter. Of these things I give no proportions, but by experienceyou will learn to make all the various shades whether light or dark. &amp;To produce the colour of the ruby, should you be in a place where rich=coloured red winesare made, by means of these you may produce this colour.And if you should have no wines, take some virgin wax and cut it in little pieces - placeit, together with as much rock alum, in a cauldron of water let it boil skim it, andthen strain it through felt. After this, if you wish for a lighter colour you must add purewater. If you wish to produce the exact colour of a Balas Ruby a mixture of white and redwine will give it to you. Thus white wines of lighter or deeper tone can be used to producethe colour of Topaz or Chrysophrase. "Ma (senza dubbio alcuno) I'acqua pura passata pelfeltro, contra fara gli diamanti ". Moreover to project the lights it will be necessary to makeuse of some lenses, therefore some bottles must be made at the glass furnace in a specialform, and these must be filled with water. &amp; &amp;These will be placed behind the scenes, and where the lamps are required a long boardmust be fixed in such a manner that it will divide these lamps. Underneath and at rightangles, there will be another board to support the glass bottles containing the coloured water.The bottles shall be placed with the rounded parts fitted into these holes, and be sure tosee that they be well fixed that thay may not fall with the romping of the Morris dancers.Behind each of the bottles its own lamp will be placed so that each light shall be of equalstrength. That part of the bottle which faces the lamp shall be flat or convex the betterto concentrate the light so that the colours shall be more brilliant. The same treatmentshall be applied to the windows seen in receding perspective. &amp;It is sometimes necessary that there be a very large and fierce light. To produce this, youmust place a torch behind the bottles and behind the torch must be fixed a barber's basinfurbished very bright, the reflection from which will cast certain gleams like the rays ofthe sun. And if some of these openings be square or diamond shaped, you had best takesome panes of glass of various colours and place them in position with a light behind them.But these lights will not be the sole illumination, for a large candelabra will hang in front ofthe stage. Suspended above this candelabra let there be a great vase full of distilled waterwherein a piece of camphor shall be dropt and set on fire. This floating light makes a beautifuleffect and creates a sweet aroma. When it is needful to represent some burning thing, you will use strong spirits of wine in which you will soak whatever you wish to envelope inflames, and set fire to it with a taper, when it will burn for some time. And althoughregarding the lights one might say far, far more, this shall be sufficient for the moment.Let us touch upon a few more things which are of great delight to the spectators. To fillin that time when the actors are not upon the scene, the Architect will have prepared someprocessions of small figures, of a size proportionate to the arches through which they pass;these figures will be made of thick cardboard and cut in profile and may be painted. Theywill be fixed to a strip of wood which shall be made to run in a groove or swallow-tailmortise, and this mortise may be placed across some archway. A workman standing behindthis arch can manipulate these figures so as to make them appear to move past the spectators.Let these figures sometimes be made to represent musicians playing upon instruments, andothers singing with their throats: to assist this illusion let there be gentle music playedbehind the scenes. Besides this you can fashion groups or crowds, some on foot and someon horseback, and as they pass let some voices be raised in imitation of murmurs, and letthere be a faint clamour of drums and blare of trumpets, for these things ever charm thespectators.If a planet or some other heavenly body is to be seen passing in its course through the air,let the same be well painted on cardboard, and cut in silhouette. Then stretch some finewires from one side of the stage to the other at the furthest extremity from the spectators,and on the said wire let the painted cardboard be attached by small rings, and besides thisa fine black thread is to be attached to the cardboard and the thread held by a workman whowill draw the cardboard very slowly towards him. But all this must be very distant fromthe spectator in order that neither the wire nor the thread may be seen. jg&gt;Peals of thunder, and flashes of lightning and also thunder-bolts may sometimes be required;so you will produce the thunder as follows.The stage being that part of the theatre which is always erected at the end of a hall, abovewhich there is always a floor, you will but have to roll a large stone ball upon this floor.You will imitate lightning as follows: a workman will be placed in a high position behindthe scenes, holding in his hand a little box containing resin. The lid of the box shall bepierced by many holes and in the centre of the lid shall be a lighted taper, so that by jerkingthe hand which holds the box the powder will fly up and take fire when it comes in contactwith the lighted taper. As for the thunder-bolts, let a wire be stretched at the back of thestage from above, on which a rocket or squib, adorned with sparkling gold, shall run. Whilethe thunder is rumbling and towards the end of the peal, let the fuse be ignited which willset fire to the squib and produce a good effect. &amp; 44 Ma s'io volessi trattare di quante cosesimili mi abbondano, io saria troppo lungo, peri) faccio fine quanto alia perspettiva ". The line of sight. The auditorium. The charm to theeye. The scenes. The costumes. &amp; Azure Blue. Huh y. Projectors. &amp; Re flee tor s. &amp; Figures. The star s.&amp; The thunder (1) backcloth of Modern Theatre). Note. " Above were a cornice, architrave and a frieze, with glass balls full of distilled water and lights behind to renderthe apartment luminous". From Vasari's "Life of Cristofano Gherardl" 1508: 1556. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; BOOK REVIEWS IBSEN, THE MAN, HIS ART AND HIS SIGNIFICANCE. By Haldane Macfall. Eondon.E• Grant Richards. 1907. &amp; This is a book which contains, as well as much that is of universal interest, certain passageswhich have a peculiar interest and importance from especial points of view. Of these wecan but briefly notice two: first, Ibsen's dislike of seeing his dramas acted, and second,the financial difficulties which beset him throughout almost his whole life. &amp;Referring to his shrinking from witnessing the representation of his own pieces Mr Macfallwrites, " He detested to see his own plays on the stage. The actors came between him andhis conception of the characters, often distorting them for ever ". And how could this beotherwise? For, from the moment when the last word was written, and the play, going forthto the world, left the poet 4 Lonely, as though he had been robbed of intimate friends ',it was complete, perfectly rounded as a work of art. Further addition was more thansuperfluous, it was encumbering; in that it blurred the conception of the author and confusedthe minds of those to whom he spoke, since for one actor who could interpret so subtleand elusive a thing as the spirit of a play, five hundred would only obtrude their ownpersonality as a barrier between the audience and the poet. &amp;This significant fact about Ibsen suggests the question whether this is not a matter uponwhich many poets and playwrights, could their real feeling be ascertained, would agreewith him, thereby confirming the theory, from the point of view of the literary men themselves,that the Art of Literature has nothing to do with the Art of the Theatre; that any invasionby one of the territory of the other only ends in the mutilation, if not destruction, ofthem both.The other point to which we would draw attention is important as relating to a fact whichwe are too apt only to associate with the great artists long dead who have become romanticfigures of the imagination, or with young artists, struggling and starving at the outsetof a career; that is to say, Ibsen's financial position. Consider it! He who was in our midst onJy yesterday; the great Ibsen, Ibsen, whose name princes and nobles felt it to be an honour to mention—this great spirit, the bearer of thisgreat name, had hardly enough money to pay for the barest necessities, and is obliged toaddress 4 a humble petition' to the king of his country three times before he can obtain thegrant of L. 90 which should set him free for a few months from the vexations of the butcher,the baker and candlestick maker to study literature and art. &amp; &amp;4 His lack of money' we read, 4 was terrible '. 4 He had to fall back on money lenders of thevilest kind'; and learning this of a great man who was with us but yesterday suggests atonce the idea, is it possible that the great of today are in the same position? That the greatsculptor has not sufficient money to buy his marble, that Ibsen's successor and the youngRussian and others whose words or works go out across the world are fretted and hinderedby the same paltry and ignoble cares?And if this be so in the present. and Judging from the case of Ibsen we may believe thatit is so frequently,— is it ever to be so in the future? Is the artist, the freest sou! on earth,to be perpetually bound in that most sordid of prisons, poverty? to be forced to come downfrom communing with the gods to pacify the duns on his doorstep? to turn himself from hisbeautiful task to struggle for bare existence, and at last, perhaps, to lose heart under whatVasari describes as 44 the necessity of fighting against famine rather than for fame " ?It is a significant fact that the Jewish church in olden days made provision for its priesthood,that it might, without distraction by worldly cares, perform the temple service, and thatthis was, and is customary with almost all religious cults. &amp;This being so, when shall we in this Twentieth century, instead of stoning or starving the priestsof our Art, be wise enough to set them free by some adequate and organised system from cripplinganxieties about daily bread or weekly rent, so that, issuing from a place of silence and calmwhich are the conditions of revelation, they may show to the people that which they have seen? PAPERS OP A PARIAH. Robert Hugh Benson. (Eondon. Smith, Eider &amp; Co. igof).A volume of thoughtful and original studies, written with a good deal of charm and distinctionof style is the 44 Papers of a Pariah ", to which Mr Benson has acted as literary sponser.In an introductory chapter Mr Benson gives us some outline of the character and conditionof the writer, an actor, who, deeply attracted by the ritual, the symbolism and romanceof the Roman Church (into which, just before his death, he was received), by the dignityof its ceremonies, its poignant silences, its profound mysteries, its rigorously proscribedmovements and gestures, made these his study not merely from a spiritual or dogmatic pointof view but aesthetically; and witnesses to the close alliance in ancient times between theTheatre and the religious cult; to the days when, indeed* they were not two but one.In such a point of view there is nothing new to those who have studied the history of theTheatre and know something of its origin, rooted deep in the religions of all lands; butcertain details of the subject have been seldom better dealt with than in this little book.One of the most interesting and suggestive chapters is that which, entitled 44 The ReligiousDance traces the survival of this in the Roman ceremonial of the Mass.Such a connection may come as a surprise to many; and yet it is very beautiful, very logical,and if it is strange to us it is only because of the strange views we have come to hold asto the real position and significance of dancing, views based usually upon imperfectknowledge and false ideals. We too often slur over, rather as a lapse of dignity, the factthat King David danced before the ark: we accord a kind of contemptuous pity to the dancesof Fijians and Hottentots before their idols: we read, a little doubtfully, George Meredith's44 Jump-to-Glory-Jane"; and all the time it would never occur to us that some survival ofthe fervour and emotion which seek and find expression in beautiful and rythmic movementyet exist within the Roman Catholic Church. A dance in a Christian Church! The idea is atonce repudiated as unseemly; and yet read the words of this writer: —44 It was duringHigh Mass, not in France but in England, that the thought first came into my mind thatperhaps here was a survival of the ancient religious dance; that stately, magnificent seriesof slow movements which surely may express devotion of the most solemn and reverent kind,as well as can the colour of vestment or sanctuary or the sounds of melody." 44 Observe "he goes on, 44 with me the motions of those three men in green at the foot of that lightedfragrant altar, and see how orderly and exquisite is the whole affair. It is no less than asacred dance, and there is hardly one religious emotion that does not find its representativethere.The passage which follows is of especial interest and significance, so emphatically does itenforce the necessity for the suppression of individual personality in any work of art oract of worship, recalling the days when not the persons of men but the symbols of Man wereused in all religious rites. &amp;44 The actors in this drama, let us say a father and his two sons, are so swathed as to presentthe least possible resemblance to men. Their humanity, their corporal defects or advantages,the lines of their bodies, even their passions, their stupidities, all are obliterated as faras possible beneath the stiff folds of an antique dress; for they are not there as the Rev. Smith, Jones or Brown, but as performers in a stupendous drama, figures in a sacerdotalact done primarily to God, and secondarily with as little distraction as possible before men.They resemble giant images of which the mechanism is studiously concealed." JZ? &amp;So, step by step, the writer follows every movement and gesture, describes every figure ofthe dance, every beautiful symbolic detail, until all is fulfilled; and then, " Even to me,Protestant as I am, it did seem completely suitable that an event so stupendous could scarcelybe approached by any other process than that of a sacred dramatic dance, with an accompanimentof rigid and minute Court etiquette" human outlines must be obliterated by someoverpowering uniform, personal tastes and methods of behaving must be rigidly supplantedby set movements and gestures for 44 Originality in the sanctuary, as has been well observed,is the greatest vulgarity known to men. " And may not much of what has been here saidof the sanctuary hold good upon the stage? a&amp; HENRI EOUIS EE KAIN, HE EA CO ME HIE FRANCAISE Jean Jacques Olivier,Paris, igoy. Societe Francaise d'hnprimerie A: de Eihrairie. &amp; &amp; &amp; A book for the interest of which the names of subject and author are sufficient guaranteeis the Life of Henri-Louis le Kain by Jean-Jacques Olivier. jg? &amp;Monsieur Olivier has, in this volume, added to his well-known series of writings on theFrench actors of the 18th century a valuable study on the 4 Garrick of France ' who wonthe praise of Voltaire as having transformed the lifeless tragedy of the period into a 4 livingpicture ' and of giving lessons in the art of acting which others would be obliged 4 henceforthto imitate.' jg? jg? jg/ &amp; jZ?One of the most interesting chapters in the book is that which deals with the reforms incostume, in recitation and in the staging of plays introduced by le Kain, and which alsodescribes his project, submitted to King Louis XV, for the foundation and endowment of atraining school for the stage. jg?jg?jg?Jg?The volume is illustrated with a large number of plates taken from portraits and contemporaryprints and documents, and is supplied with carefully arranged indexes and reference tables. D. N. L. "ARGUS" is the name of a new fortnightly magazine, which appeared at the beginning ofthis year in Helsingfors, Finland. gc&gt;jg?jg?jg?j£?jg?jg?j&amp;It is the organ of Literature, Art and general culture of a circle of young literary and scientificmen. The third number contains an article, " The Renaissance of the Theatre " by the eminentyoung Finnish writer, Torsten Soderhjelm. In his article the author dwells at great lengthon the aims of Edward Gordon Craig and his work for the Renovation of the Theatre. Jg?The Editors of " The Argus " are: Gunnai Castren, Gustaf Matteson and Emil Zilliacus. -£? Argus Redaktion, Helsingfors. Price 7 francs yearly. &amp; &amp; jg? The Editor is glad to receive for review copies of any books dealing seriously with the Artor History of the Theatre. &amp; EDITORIAL NOTES. J. S. " After the Practise the Theory".Europe and America do not lack theatricaljournals. There are, to mention but a few," TheStage " and "The Era" in England; the smaller" Beltaine ", and " Samhain " the organs ofthe Irish Literary Theatre in Ireland; " ElTeatro " in Spain; the Theater Courier " andthe "Schauhuhne" in Germany; the " Musik &amp;Theater Zeitung" and the "Oesterr TheaterZeitung " in Austria;" L' Art du Theatre " and" Le Theatre " in France; " La Rivista Teatrale "in Italy;4 The Dramatic Mirror' in America andmany others too numerous to name; while inaddition to these larger journals, there arethe daily or weekly announcement sheetswhich, though hardly to be called 4 papers ' atall, yet serve their practical purpose. The mottoof our journal is not, however, that of anyof these. With them the Theory is first; is,indeed, everything: with us it follows uponthe Practise. Let us explain what we mean.We take it that their papers contain merelya record of what is being done; and in speakingthus we do not for a moment undervalue ordoubt the usefulness of these journals. Ontheir own lines they serve many excellentpurposes, mainly professional; while at times,as in the 4 Schaubuhne' and the 4 Art duTheatre', other, and more progressive matters,are gone into very seriously. But the value ofa journal should not end there. It, like allother things, reflects the idea or the personalitybehind it, and, if we may be critical to ourcontemporaries, all the weakness of thesetheatrical journals lies in the fact that ninetimes out of ten their guiding spirit is agentleman without any practical experience ofthe ropes of a theatre, and with but littleknowledge of that far more vital and importantthing,... the Art of the Theatre. Lacking bothknowledge and convictions; knowing littleof the vessel they are guiding and withoutany fixed idea as to the port toward whichthey steer, such men keep no direct course,but hesitatingly tack from side to side. Intheir indecision they invite into their ship, asit were, many persons from different countries,each eager to turn the vessel's head and winhis way across the ocean to some desired havenof his own. The result of this is obvious. Wherethere is 110 unity of purpose each individualstrives to accomplish some purpose of hisown; to seize the helm and guide the vesselwhere he will. &amp;Now the object of a journal is twofold. Itshould not only announce what has been but what is to be. The first task is a light one;the second hazardous, and only those whohave practised an art can without dangerspeak of the developments of the near or farfuture. Therefore a journal, if its record ofthe past, its annunciation of the future, are tofoe of value, needs an experienced leader, andthis we have found in Mr Gordon Craig, who,not only with his pen and pencil but with, hisadvice, will guide the fortunes of this magazine.His guidance wiil foe valuable in that he hashimself practised what we shall preach, andwe, preaching what he has practised and whatothers may add to that practise, shall by sodoing attempt to show where lies the futureof the Theatre. Moreover, in securing MrCraig's guidance we may claim to have securedthat of the head of a movement which hasactually taken place, which is spreading farand wide in the European Theatre, and ofwhich the Theory now needs to foe definitelyand clearly stated so that convictions may foestrengthened, scattered forces united, andall move forward with stability and unity ofpurpose towards one object, the re=establishment in its original dignity of abeautiful and ancient Art. &amp;Extract from letter from Mr: H. P. Home,to the illustration on page I. &amp;" Your cut is reproduced from fol. recto, ofthe " Vetruvio, in volgar lingua riportatojjer Gianbatista Caporali cli Perugia. "printed at Perugia in 1531. &amp;Caporali, however, cribbed it with a fewalterations from the large cut on fol. XLIXrecto of " Zt} Opera praedara de Vitruvio Pollione de Architectura: traductade latino in vulgarey " by Caesare Caesarianoof Milan, and printed at Como, in large folioin 1525. Leonardo had then been dead someyears. Caesariano does not say that he tookit from Leonardo, but he says that suchprinciples of proportion were observed byu molti pictori Mediolanensif nostri com- pagni, " and goes on to mention by nameseveral disciples of Leonardo. That the designis Leonardesque, (that indirectly, it wasderived from Leonardo,) there can be no doubt.In Caesariano's version, the cut bears thefollowing superscription on a beatiful'cartello,.Humani corporis mensura et ah eo omnessymmetrias enrythmiatas &amp; proportionesgeometrico schemate invenire ut adesifigura&amp; &amp;Caesariano's explanation of the cut is terriblyabstruse&amp; &amp;lH|/ii@n Mr H. Beerbohm Tree visited Berlinin the spring of last year with hisShakespearian plays and horses the critics ofBerlin handled him rather severely.Adverse criticism has but little effect uponthe man who does his best, and Mr Tree,beset by all the petty annoyances which theGerman under»official is able to create,nevertheless did his best. Most of the sceneswere in position at the appointed time which speaks highly in praise of his chief of staff.The Germans are enthusiastic theatre-goersand enjoy a good show as well as anyone else.We were not therefore .surprised to see theirenthusiasm at the close of each performance.In the German theatres it is the custom atthe end of the performance for all parts of thehouse to press towards the stage in the samemanner as the Matinee ladies do at a concertwhen Paderewski, Pachmann or another publicfavourite Is appearing. They like to get asmuch for their money as possible and oftenobtain half a dozen encores and get a goodclose view of the strange being who isentertaining them. 4 4 4In England, as we know, it is far different,there being a barrier between the pit andthe stage. 4 4 4 4 4It might be a curious experiment to removethis barrier. 4 4 4 4nphose people who are interested at all timesin creating what is called " A LiteraryTheatre" would do well to remember thedangers which beset such unnatural efforts.Unfortunate has been the end of all suchattempts. 4 4 4 4 4For nearly thirty years Goethe struggled inconjunction with Schiller to create for theGermans a new Theatre. Although Goethe wasmore than poet, he was more poet than any- thing else, was first a poet, and everythingelse in him kept time to the words which hesang. He set out to create a literary stage;he would not have it that the stage should be,as he rather weakly calls it, " The reflectionof natural life in amusing mirrors". And sohe marshalled his army of words all of themto assault the Theatre, stood in the midstand watched his veritable Thirty Years War,his battle of words against visions sackedthe Theatre, razed it to the ground, and then,scanning the horizon, was surprised that theTheatre was no more to be seen. In fact thegreatest man of his age utterly failed tounderstand what the Art of the Theatrewas. 4? 4 4 4 4 4And now there are others, if not the greatestmen of their age, talented in great measure,who court the same failure in attemptingthis impossible and fantastic thing. 4?We should have thought that the artists wouldhave understood the charming separationwhich must ever exist between the arts. Wehave no fear for the Theatre: we do notbelieve that it can suffer any harm by evenan assault such as that made upon it byGoethe; but we, wishing to see less confusionin the public mind as to what the Art of theTheatre is and what it is not, shall everprotest against the unnecessary deceptionof the public in this, to us, most importantmatter. 4 4 4 4 4When literary men shall be content andpatient enough to study the Art of the Theatreas an art separate from the Art of Literature,there is nothing to prevent us then from wel- coming them into the house. 4 'lphe idea of a long play is becoming dailymore unbearable to us. It is a burden tothink of a play with three, four, or five acts, andcontinual speech duringthese acts: intolerableto the audience to hear for their ears refusethe strain; intolerable for the artists to writebecause it has become a strain. No longer isthere impulse to hear or to write Turn and regard the audience as they sitbefore the out-pourings of Wotan: hiswhole conversation so interesting if it wereonly in a book for reference and publishedby subscription.Turn and regard the audience as they listento the long soliloquies of Hamlet, Macbeth orKing &amp;indeed, are they not bored to death ?—thenno longer can it be right to teaze them in thisway. Art, if not an entertainment, is surelya refreshment... No ? jg? &amp; 4?| n Berlin, where the Theatre is particularlyenergetic and in man}' ways excellent,and where new theatres are continuallyspringing up, a little box of a theatre wasopened last year which contains nothing buttwo or three hundred large and comfortablearm chairs with new soft springs and redleather coverings made for the few wealthytheatre goers who pay high prices for theseample seats. 4? 4? 4 4?It also happens to contain a little stage. Itis really as well to point this out as manypeople coming into the theatre would notperceive it at first, for it is very small, andthe actors appear like large dolls upon " Kammerspiel, " or chamber pieces, are givenin this theatre and are generally of a gruesomenature. They are what is called realistic pieces,and guaranteed to teach. We witnessed in onepiece a succession of murder, seduction andburial scenes; a couple of lectures and amost unpleasant sick bed. 4 4 4Nothing either beautiful or distinguishedentered into the theatre that evening, and,watching the faces of the audience, we wereunable to detect anything but a hopelessdespair on each, such as one sees on the facesin the hospitals. 4 4 4 4The play was by a modern German author.So far as we know the poetry of Goethe andSchiller has not yet been invited into thistheatre. Certainly Germany is a strange land!But it would be unkind to judge it by whatwe see in such theatres, 4 4 4We shall have something to say next monthabout the manager of this and another theatre,the other theatre.... the Deutches Theatre,being quite a serious affair, quite modern,full of good intentionus, and energetic, ener- getic to an extent which London does notat all realise. Unfortunately, however, in Artit is not always the elbow which counts most. EX LI BR IS.Are you a Book Lover? I!so, you will want all whichcan add ,to the beautyand completeness of yourbooks, and yeu cannotdo without. &amp; A BOOK PLATEIn design your Book Plate must be graveyet charming, for its duty is to act aswatchman at the doors of all books, whetherreligious or profane. If you would possesssuch a Book Plate, simple, charming anddistinguished, write to the Wood Engra«vers of san Leonardo, directing your letterto 5 Piazza Donatello, Studio 9, Florence,Italy, and you will receive all the infor-mation you desire. &amp; &amp; &amp; Premiato Studio** * Graficofounded in xBBi by G. VASORI *This Studio makes a speciality of theproduction, for typographical illustra-tions, of cliches taken from drawings,photographs, and from life, on zincand copper, and capable of resistingthe strongest pressure * *! ** Well executed work at moderateprices ******Via dei Panzaniy i - FLORENCE EDITION DE LUXE.SPECIAL NOTICE TO BOOK LOVERS15 copies of " The Mask " will be printed,Monthly upon a yellow hand-made deckle-edged paper identical in appearance andtexture with that made in the same districtof Fabriano in the year 1315. This editionwill contain Etchings and other printssigned by the artist, which will not beincluded in the popular edition. jrYearly subscrlplon: England, L. 3.5.0 Post Free„ „ „ Germany, Marks 67,00 „ „„ ~ ~ America Dollars 16.00 „ „~ )) ' ft Italy Lire 82.00 ~ ~„ „ „ Russia Roubles 30.00 ~ „ oukmre vfIYNICHAND &amp; £2 y vx M 1 y Jo. * »MODERN -&lt;£&gt; oF LONDON HAS ACQUIRED &amp; &amp; ENTRANCE OFTHE LIBRERIA POPOLARE BARGEEEO &amp;BOOKS PIETRO FRANCESCHINI &amp; FEORENCE Die Schaubiihne A weekly Theatrical JournalEdited by Siegfried Jacobsohn.Verlag Oestreheld &amp; Co.Lietzenburgerstrasse 60.Berlin W. 15.Single copy . . . . M. pf. 30Quarterly 3. ~ 50Yearly „ 12. ~ 00 PhilosophicalLending Library5000 volumes 011 Philosophy, Reli-gion, Mysticism, Occultism, ecc. English philosophical Books &amp; Re-views. Reading and lecture room.Jfectures every Sunday free for sub-scribers Subscription terms verymoderate. Prospectus and catalogueon application PIAZZA DONATELLO 5 - Tel. 15=30 LA " RIVISTA TEATRALE"FIRST AND ONLY MONTLHY PUBLICA-TION IN ITALY DEVOTED TO THEA-TRICAL ART, LITERATURE, HISTORY,CRITICISM AND JURISPRUDENCE. &amp;YEARLY SUBSCRIPTION. ITALY 6.00.ABROAD 12.00. OFFICE, Via S. Am-brogio, 8, FLORENCE &amp; &amp; THE NEW YORK &amp; jZ&gt;MIRROR.The organ of the American TheatricalProfession. Published weekly. One year4 dollars. Single copy 10 cents. 121 WestForty = Second Street, New York. &amp; Garages Riuniti* FIAT - ALBERTI - STORERO. *FLOREN6E &amp; * * Via Luigi Alamanni, I GENERAL AGENCY FOR AUTOMOBILES&gt; F. I. A. T.&gt;? Chassis and cars complete &gt;? &gt;**&gt;3® Motor cars for sale and on hire &gt;3®*3® &gt;3® &gt;s® Telephone 916 *3® &gt;3® &gt;3® ANGLO-ITALIANAGENCY &amp;&amp; FLORENCE - 28, Via della VignaNuova, 28 = FLORENCE &lt;£?FORWARDING &amp; CUSTOM HOUSE &amp; COM-MISSION AGENTS &amp;&amp;&amp;£?£&gt;&lt;&amp;■£?Cheap daily Service to England and tothe U. S. of America for Goods, Bag-gage, etc.Railway TicketsGoods Insured And Stored&amp; TELEPHONE 933 &amp; &amp; The Casa GuidiArts &amp; Crafts9, Piazza S. Felice FLORENCEJZ? J&amp; Jewellery DecorativeLeather Work Book BindingsTiles Metal Work Asolo Lace J&amp;Modern Paintings &amp;•Hours 9to 12y and 2to 5 &amp; &amp;Closed on Saturday afternoons The Butterffy_QuarterlyIs a new publication, carefully printedfrom excellent type, on fine toned pa=per, Bxio in: in size, the edition being |limited to 500 numbered copies. It con-tains verses, tales, translations, reprints,drawings, wood-cuts, book-plates, andother matters of bookish interest.YEARLY SUBSCRIPTION DOLLARS 1.25post free.OFFICESThe Butterfly Quarterly1126 Walnut StreetPhiladelphiaU. S. A. A PORTFOLIO OF ETCHINGS.By Gordon Craig with a preface.thirty portfolios will be issued, although ten or twenty additional copies of some of" the plates will be printed according to the condition of the plate. The plates will thenbe destroyed. Each portfolio will be numbered. Each set consists of twelve designs looselymounted on grey card and contained in a grey cloth box portfolio with fastenings. Eachplate is signed by the artist.Size of portfolio 48x30 ctms.Average size of plate. 14 2/3 x 15 2/3 ctms. The price for a portfolio will be L. 16. o. o, (400Francs or 320 Marks).'Hphese etchings were made by the artist in the Spring of 1907 at Florence, and representhis most serious work. Connected as they are with his dream of an Ideal Theatre, theyin no way have anything in common with the modern stage. &amp;" Movement", writes Mr Craig, " was at the roots of the Ancient Theatre and will everremain the very Essence of the Art. JZ?" We must translate Movement through the medium of inanimate forms and thereby produce" once more an Impersonal Art which shall take its place by the side of its two sister Arts=" Music and ArchitectureORDER FORMTo The Publishers,The Editorial Office of " The Mask " 2 Lung'Arno Acciaiuoli, Florence. Italy.Please send me the Portfolio of Etchings by Edward Gordon Craig, in payment for whichI enclose the sum of L. 16.0.0, (or 400 Francs or 320 Marks)Signed Address. &amp; LIBRAIRIE ANCIBNNE MT. DE MARINIS &amp; Co. 5 Via Vecchiettl - FIRENZE3*4175RATv*tI• ••*••••«»••••ab»• atois*• •• •0 aU\mu'UJLJ/£MlS^si§S•Ifo &gt; o00 Jr.;(•••00IMmoon111MMpPifiuiUklltt• I»•&lt;do111• •• I•IM4*Mi'MM'IIMI I6HillIf&gt;•*c*" 81•MM• •0a ot«••••ammFine Collection of MSS., Incunabula, rare and curious books XV-XIX centIllustrated Catalogues free on application• LE INDUSTRIEFEMMINILITHE FLORENCE CON MIT-TEE FOR THE WOMEN'SWORK SOCIETY &amp; &lt;0OFFERS A CHOICE OF ALL KINDS OFARTISTIC AND DECORATIVE NEEDLE-WORK 4&gt; &lt;F *. &lt;F * &lt;FONLY HAND-MADE LINEN IS USED 4&gt;4» THE DESIGNS ARE COPIED FROMGENUINE ANCIENT ITALIAN MODELSBELONOINO TO LADIES OF THE COM-MITTEE. HOUSEHOLD LINEN.... LACESEMBROIDERED DRESSES 4» 4» 41All orders received are promptly andcarefully executed &amp; &amp; &amp;THE SALE-ROOM ISOPEN DAiKY* * *GI ANNO TTI-FICI *LUNG'ARNO ACCIAIUOLINi 10 * * * *COMMITTEE ROOM, VIA PINT!, 51 *41 4» 4| 4» 4» FLORENCE English &amp; AmericanPharmacyLate H. PROVES F. MUNSTERMANNr# Pt,OBISNCP • Piazzetta Goldoni #11 ' 1 1 ' J* MALTO-PEPTINE TABLETS containingthe physiologically purified gastric andpancreatic juice with the addition of Pa-pain and Diastasis, for complete digestionof all Kinds of food # M # . #ANININE, CAWTHARIDIS &amp; TABORANDIHAIRWASH; Refreshing, Stimulating andAntiseptic Hair Tonics # t # # ' " . ■ ' "" ' ■ ■■ I ' ' ■ ' ■ IH. Roberts &amp; Co. &amp;• dd M dp the well knows dd m dd* ENGLISH CHEMISTS &amp;AMERICAN DRUGGISTS^* OP 17 VIA TORNABUONI. * 41* AND 417 ft 418, CORSO UMBBRTO* * # ROMEhave pleasure In announcing that they have openeda first-class and wellstocked Pharmacy at dd d&amp;4» ai ft aa, VIA VITTORIA 4» 4»* * NAPLES' i■» . iamPURVEYOR TO 10IMPERIAL &amp; ROYALFAMILIES 4? J0FLO RENC EVia dei Fossi 4&amp; (ESTABLISHED i860)AWARDED PRIZESAT 48 NATIONAL &amp;.INTERNATIONALEXHIBITIONSThe largest Establish ment of Sculpture inMarble from the Antique &amp;Original Works Ite Portraits. &amp; Monuments,Mantels, Pedestals, &amp; Garden Seats, Vases Fountains &amp; Flower=stands, etc: ESTIMATES GIVEN ON APPLICATION ST L O UIS M O.GRAND PRIXJ 904 THE " MAN!FATTURA Dt SIGNAArtistic Terra Cot=ta for both interiorand exterior decorationVia Vecchiettl, 2&amp; FIRENZE (Italy) DINI &amp; CELLASArtistic &amp; Decorative Terra Cotta ofSigna &amp;Via dci Fossi IV. i - FZORENC&amp;,  . iHepfodUGtion of sculptures of Old andJdodern masters - Statues ■** Busts MVases m fias-reliefs *. Fountain* « DoorsChimneywpieees M Bases etc. ete. iny style &amp; j&amp; &lt;&amp; J&amp; ■&amp; ON JUNE i W:THE &amp; J&amp; J&amp; j&amp; J&amp; j&amp;Publishing, Bookselling andNews Agency Business of R. PAG QI (A. Rossini&amp; Co. Ltd.) will be trans-ferred from Via Tornabuoni15 to premises at 26 ViaPanzani in the same buil-ding as the Grand HotelBaglioni. s®