The mask 1 3 4 May-June, 1908 naau_1908-05_01 The mask 1 3 4 Untitled Image Illustration 1 DESIGN FOR A STAGE SCENE Gordon Craig Illustration 6 CONTENTS 7 Untitled Image Illustration 7 WILLIAM BLAKE, SOCIALISM AND THE ARTIST JAN VAN HOLT cre 7-8 Untitled Image Illustration 8 OPERA GLASSES J. PAUL COOPER cre 8 THE TRUE HAMLET ALLEN CARRIC cre 9 Untitled Image Illustration 9 DRAMATIC FORM GOETHE cre 9-10 STAGE MORALITY FRIEDRICH NIETZSCHE cre From the translation of Johanna Volz cre 10 Untitled Image Illustration 10 THE ARTISTS OF THE THEATRE OF THE FUTURE Gordon Craig cre 11-19; 21-26 Untitled Image Illustration 11 Untitled Image Illustration 11 Untitled Image Illustration 11 DESIGN FOR A STAGE SCENE Gordon Craig cre Illustration 19 Untitled Image Illustration 26 MARIONETTES IN VENICE: IAGO--OTHELLO–-DESDEMONA Illustration 27 SARAH BERNHARDT JOHN BALANCE cre 29-30 TO Mr ANDREW CARNEGIE JOHN SEMAR cre 30-32 THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OF THE MERCHANT OF VENICE WITH A NOTE AS INTRODUCTION By THE EDITOR. Edward W. Godwin. F. S. A cre J. SEMAR cre 33-35; 37-40 I. Illustration 34 DESIGN FOR A STAGE SCENE Gordon Craig cre Illustration 35 II. Illustration 39 III. Illustration 39 Untitled Image Illustration 40 REALISM AND THE ACTOR. AN INTERNATIONAL SYMPOSIUM Florence London Paris London London London Paris Berlin Berlin Paris Emmerick J. S cre Tommaso Salvini cre Sydney Grundy cre M. Antoine cre H. Beerbohm Tree cre Carl Hentschel cre Arthur Symons cre Andre Beaunier cre Gertrude Eysold cre Herman Bahr cre Loie Fuller cre Jan Klaassen cre 41-43 Untitled Image Illustration 41 SHAKESPEARE MEMORIAL A National Theatre 44 Untitled Image Illustration 44 BOOK REVIEWS 45-46 Untitled Image Illustration 45 POETIC RECITALS &amp; js&gt; 45 THE ENGLISH PASTORAL DRAMA 45 PLANETARY JOURNEYS AND EARTHLY SKETCHES D.N. L cre 45-46 BOOKS, JOURNALS AND MAGAZINES 46 Untitled Image Illustration 46 FOREIGN NOTES 46-48 Untitled Image Illustration 46 LONDON R. S cre 46 FLORENCE J. S cre 46-47 BUDAPEST P cre 47 BERLIN A. F cre 47-48 HELSINGFORS. C cre 48 Untitled Image Illustration 48 EDITORIAL NOTES 48-50 Untitled Image Illustration 48 TP he English Journals have been exceedingly J. S cre 48-50 MASK OF ENVY. Illustration 50 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 3 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 3 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 3 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 3 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 4 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 51 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 51 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 52 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 52 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 52 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 53 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 53 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 53 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 53 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 53 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 54 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 54 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 54 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 54 DOUBLE NUMBER Vol. I. N."'3 &amp;4. MAY-JUNE 1 9 o 8| hp| fkm A ryjy^THE MASKA MONTHLY JOURNAL OF THEART OF THE THEATRE' H———m^w—J&amp; as? EUROPEAN AGENTS. LONDON. D. J. RIDER 36 St Martin's Court. Charing Cross Road. W. C. £&gt; jS&gt;BERLIN. SOL® GERMAN AGENT - SCHUSTER &amp; 31. TV- AMSTERDAM, KIRBERQER &amp; KESPER. 134 Rokin. « « « « «BUDAPEST. NAG EE OTTO'- MxiseiimM O S C O U. '• LA BALANCE " Place du TheatreFLORENCE, a eung&gt;arnoacciaiuoei. a? -c? &amp; &amp; &amp; &gt; PRICE TWOS HILL I NQ S, N ET lOrder THE MASKFROM YOUR BOOKSELLERSHe saves you all trouble. You have onlyto fill in the order form you will find atthe end of this copyEtchings, which will be issued from time to time with " The Mask will be reserved foryearly subscribers only and not included in single copies of the magazine. Therefore it isto the advantage of all print collectors to send in their subscriptions at once. &amp;Any MSS. submitted to the Editor for consideiation should hear the names andaddresses of the authors, he type-wiitten, and accompanied hy stamps; otherwise theywill not he lead 01 returned. It must be understood that they are sent at the Author'srisky and the Editor is not responsible for their safe custody or return. All communicationsshould he addressed to the Editor of " The Mask » 3 Eung'Arno Acciaiuoliy Florence.Readers of " The Mask " who wish to be sure of securing their copies each month regularlyshould subscribe for the year, all that is necessary being to fill in the order form on Pg. 95of this number, &amp; post it to their Bookseller, or to the office of " The Mask 2 Lung'ArnoAcciaiuoli, Florence, JZ? FOR ADVERTISEMENTS ADDRESS TO " THE MASK " ADVERTISING OFFICE: 8 BORGO S. JACOPO £&gt;S &amp; FLORENCE &amp;IT A L Y OR TO THE LONDON., GERMAN, OR DUTCH AGENTS W W-—* MM A r**W THE JOURNAL OF THE ART1 I 1 1 .nt l\l I Y% W. OF THE THEATRE.ILL VI /-% IX. VOLUME ONE, Nos. THREE &amp;ji. JL JsL 1T l i JL m. FOUR, MAY-JUNE, 1908. &amp; WILLIAM BLAKESOCIALISM &amp;THE ARTIST &amp; DRAMATIC FORM THE ARTISTS OFTHE THEATREOF THE FUTURE THE ARTISTS OFTHE THEATREOF THE FUTURE THE ARTISTS OFTHE THEATREOF THE FUTURE THE ARTISTS OFTHE THEATREOF THE FUTURE THE ARTISTS OFTHE THEATREOF THE FUTURE THE ARTISTS OFTHE THEATREOF THE FUTURE THE ARTISTS OFTHE THEATREOF THE FUTURE THE ARTISTS OFTHE THEATREOF THE FUTURE THE ARTISTS OFTHE THEATREOF THE FUTURE THE ARTISTS OFTHE THEATREOF THE FUTURE THE ARTISTS OPTHE THEATREOF THE FUTURE THE ARTISTS OFTHE THEATREOF THE FUTURE THE ARTISTS OPTHE THEATREOP THE PUTURE &amp; SARAH BERNHARDT TO Mr ANDREWCARNEGIE TO Mr ANDREWCARNEGIE &amp; &amp; THE ARCHITECTTURK AND COS- TUME OF THEMERCHANT OFVENICE THE ARCHITEC- TURE AND COS- TUME OP THEMERCHANT OPVENICE &amp; &amp; THE ARCHITEC- TURE AND COS- TUME OF THEMERCHANT OFVENICE &amp; THE ARCHITEC- TURE AND COS- TUME OF THEMERCHANT OFVENICE THE ARCHITEC- TURE AND COSTUME OF THEMERCHANT OFVENICE &amp; &amp; u£&gt; ALL RIGHTS RESERVED &amp; &amp; GERENTE RESPONSAB1LE, GINO DUCC1 &amp; C ONTRIB MASK'','',"AR^JOHN BALANCE -*? ALEXANDER HEVESI JEAN JACQUES OLIVIERCARL BEHRENS H. von HOFMANNSTHAL WOLFE PLANK-*? &amp;ALLEN CAR R I JAN van HOLT WILLEM ROYAARDSGUNNAR CASTREN EDWARD HUTTON &amp; WILL ROTHENSTEINGORDON CRAIG ANDREAS JYNGE -*? OTTO RUNG &amp; -*?J. PAUL COOPER &amp; ELLEN KEY &amp; RUDOLPH SCHMERZISADORA DUNCAN j&amp; JAN KLAASSEN .*? MARTIN SHAWFRIEDENTHAL j&amp; FRITZ LAPIDOTH &amp; ELLEN TERRYLOUIS FULEP D. NEVILE LEES E. THESLEFF &amp; &amp; 1ADOLF FURST &amp; M. L YKIA R DOPO U LOS JAN C. de VOS -*?JULIUSZ GERMAN £&gt; HALDANE MACFALL -*? PHILIP WAHLSTROM |IV O HAUPTMANN NEU WERT NO WACZYNSKI H. WILSON. .*? -*? IAW E1S C.NICHOLSON HELEN ZIMMERN !YEARLY \ England, 16 Shillings g Italy, 17 Lire, 1SUBSCRIPTION i errnany,i6 Marks 1 Russia 8 Roubles POST FREE1 America, 4 Dollars § France 20 Francs. \ORDER FORM |jTo the Editor, (or)r* BooksellerAddress Please put down my name as a subscriber to "The Mask" for one year, or six monthscommencing with the number, in payment of which subscription, including postage, \I enclose the sum of SignedAddress §- I-« JIij "i"1 mT TTJ Ti"T fTrTM~l tfl" i"l 'ffi , HWn I". 11 HIP ' I 11 &gt; 'm— 11 t iWii'i'm IMHIMI —mm.. im— wi i■ ■ i m i immiiiai.nn — iia'ii '.rT~i(«r"ri TnTi'innri r —n—•nn finr.ii ■i. ■ —■»i ■ — m.,,...■■■■ ,, n „ IM i r&lt;■■■ n i m\m&gt; ffi Printed for the Proprietor by E. Morandi, Tipografia Bodonlana, Via Alflerl, Florence, and published at The Office*2 Luig'Arno Accialuoll £? &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; DESIGN FOR A STAGE SCENE GORDON CRAIG CONTENTS AFTER THE PRACTISE THE THEORYuz&gt; &amp; WILLIAM BLAKE, SOCIALISM &amp; THE ARTIST by JAN VAN HOLT j&amp; A LETTER TO A YOUNG ACTOR by GORDON CRAIG uS- " REALISM &amp; THE ACTOR ", ANINTERNATIONAL SYMPOSIUM 0 THE TRUE HAMLET by ALLEN CARRIC &amp; SOME SAYINGSby GOETHE &amp; A LETTER TO MR. ANDREW CARNEGIE by JOHN SEMAR 0 OPERAGLASSES by J. PAUL COOPER " THE MERCHANT OF VENICE —AN ARTICLE by E.W. GODWIN. REPRINTED FROM THE ARCHITECT 1875 STAGE MORALITY by NIETZSCHEer SARAH BERNHARDT by JOHN BALANCE -&lt;S&gt; FOREIGN NOTES £&gt; BOOK REVIEWS ,&amp;EDITORIAL NOTES 0 ENGRAVINGS by E. THESLEFF, STEPHEN HAWIES, J. OLIVER,GORDON CRAIG, C. TICKETTS 0 CHARLES BORROW &amp; OTHERS. £&gt; &amp; XS&gt; WILLIAM BLAKE, SOCIALISM AND THE ARTIST JAN VAN HOLT. " LiberaHty! WC WaMt n° liberalityl wewan* a fair price and proportionate value, and a44 general demand for Art. Let not that nation where less than nobility is the 4 reward '44 pretend that Art is encouraged by that nation. Art is first in intellect, and ought to be first44 in nations. ", &amp; " The neglect of Fuseli's Milton, in a44 country pretending to the encouragement of Art, is a sufficient apology for my vigorous44 indignation: if indeed, the neglect of my own powers had not been. Ought not the employers44 of fools to be execrated in future ages? They will and SHALL.! Foolish men! your own44 real greatness depends on the encouragement of the Arts; and your fall will depend on their44 neglect and depression. What you fear is your own interest. Leo the Tenth was advised44 not to encourage the Arts. He was too wise to take this advice. The rich men of England44 form themselves into a Society, " (alluding to the British Institution, founded in 1805)44 a44 Society to sell, not to buy, pictures. The artist who does not throw his contempt on such44 trading Exhibitions does not know either his own interest or his own duty. &amp;44 When nations grow old44 The Arts grow cold,44 And Commerce settles on every tree;44 And the poor and the old44 Can live upon gold,44 For all are born poor.Aged sixty-three44 The enquiry in England is, not whether a man has talents and genius, but whether he is44 passive and polite, and a virtuous ass, and obedient to noblemen's opinions in art and44 science. If he is, he is a good man; if not, he must be starved ". WILLIAM BLAKE gocialism is nothing new. It began on the day that the Spirit of God moved upon the faceof the waters, and the first socialist was Adam. Swiftly following in his footsteps came themighty band of artists; Abraham, Joseph, Moses, Joshua, Sampson, David, Christ. No,Socialism is very old indeed. It is the symbol of the Divine and all else the symbol of theinfernal. Yet without Beauty Socialism becomes tyranny, for Socialism is the Beautiful. ThatSocialism which parades before Nature with a tear-stained face is a villainous evil: thatSocialism which permits the laxity of dispensing with its arts and its H's is only a farce.For Socialism is Royal. Therefore let Socialists remember this. &amp; Let them be above Partystrife. Their leadears are the artists, and if they obey them they will follow the flag andnot tear it up to use it as pocket handkerchiefs for the million. Utility is in a flag only in thata flag is Beautiful. Do you doubt what is beautiful about it? Its utility, its symbolism. Can youfeed thousands by it ? Certainly, and millions too. Can you house and clothe millions witij it? Obviously: the whole world is not too large to find room and apparel under it. Onlyone fear.... See that there be no inscription upon it such as today too often blurs its serenity." Liberty " is a stupid word with which to spoil that which already shakes itself freely inthe high wind, announcing by its motion its natural freedom, Let a hundred such bannerswave and let them be gay. Let them not be held grimly at each corner by gloomy lookingindividuals conscious of their collars, and their black silk hats. Let them fly free like the cries ofBeauty,....and let a beautiful crown be emblazoned in the richest gold upon their very heart.When we cannot afford that, we are no longer socialist, no longer artist, no longer Royal.And what has this to do with the Theatre? Nothing today, for the Theatre is dead. Everything tomorrow, for the Theatre shall then be reborn. &amp; &lt;£&gt; OPERA GLASSES J. PAUL COOPER. |n most of our theatres nowadays opera glasses are provided for a small sum for those whohave not brought a pair with them and who like to see what is going on on the stage.The opera glass is a modern invention with which the actor does not seem able to cope;in some cases one wonders whether he is even acquainted with its existence. The membersof the audience in the meantime quietly suffer: they cannot see clearly without glasses andif they use glasses they see too much. You want to see the heroine, but it is distressing tosee her with black marks round the eyes, and it is worse still to find the hero painted likea doll. Painting the face on the stage is a barbarous custom come down to us from theage of oil lamps and candles. With gas and electric light, and opera glasses for the remoteseats in the house, it is not needed. To say that painting counteracts defects caused bythe footlights is a plea for the abolition of top and side lights. Were it the case, it is creatingone evil to eliminate another. With a good pair of glasses the man in the pit can appreciatea fine complexion on the stage almost as well as off. Apd as with paint, so it is with stageaccessories; the audience see them as clearly as do the actors, only with different eyes;for the eyes of the latter are dulled from constant irritation in the same way that one'sears become accustomed, by time, to the most untuneful of barrel organs. &amp;Opera glasses are apt to turn tragedy to comedy and comedy to farce. Without facial expressiona modern play is almost impossibie, The audience, gradually accustomed to the caricatureof passion as expressed by the painted actor, call it all acting, and when an unpainted actoror actress comes on to the stage it is said to be nature and not art. On the Music HallStage it is different: the more subtle effects are, as a rule, not aimed at. The young ladywho babbles of green fields never intends you to suppose for an instant that she cares arap about them save at a distance, and you feel sure that if you were her wedded loveryou would spend your honeymoon in visiting other Music Halls. The men are nearly allpainted masks, without the disadvantage of the fixed expression. An opera glass does notspoil the effect; if you are tired of the play of features accompanying the patter you canadmire the painting and the broad brushwork. It is not altogether the free use of tobaccothat makes these places of entertainment so attractive; they are places where you can useyour opera glass with enjoyment and without fear. &amp; &amp;&amp; In the theatre, if painting the face is to continue, it would be well if a stage painterwere attached to every Company so that there might be some uniformity and perspective,for painting is an art of which only a few actors are masters, and it is unfair for the actorwho uses paint sparingly to be thrown into the background by one who puts it on with apallet knife. At all events lessons on the scope of the opera glass should be taken with those in elocution* A barbarous custom &amp; Tobacco M &amp; THE TRUE HAMLET ALLEN CARRIC |~g ere we have a picture of Hamlet in thei6th century. The design will not be ofmuch use to the student of the stage. It isa very nice little wood engraving, and thedouble personality of the leading man ischarming.To me this is " Hamlet" far more than allthe Hamlets I have seen upon the stage.The crown is a trifling inaccuracy but afterall, how shall we know that Hamlet is regalif he wears no crown? In what a graciousway he sleeps, knowing how far off isDoomsday. The byeplay of the supers, too;how hushed it is;.... they are suiting the action to the word, and the word is 4&lt; Repose "... &amp; Outside in the courtyard and in theother rooms may be the Dramatis Personae are acting to the top of their bent. Howentrancing that we cannot hear them. How reassuring to know we shall never see them.The Queen is possibly wringing her hands while she tries to remember her words; the Kingis doubtless rolling his eyes and his R's; Polonius is shaking his head and is having thesame serious trouble as ever with his long sleeves; Rosencrantz and Guildenstern aresearching for Hamlet and only finding the Ghost, who still swears abominably in the cellar;Osric, Fortinbras, Ophelia,... even poor Horatio, all are at their appointed tasks, actingas usual for all they may be worth.... and for Hecuba, but, praise be to Jove, .... in thenext room I&amp; Again, how delightful is it to be sure they will not come in here to disturb our quietwith their thoughtless and extravagant chatter. All this and all their hasty actions canexpend their fury upon the unfortunates who happen also to be in the next room, andall their old-fashioned quotations can hang like texts upon those walls,.... not on these. &amp;Here can only come those things which are never quoted, never seen. For here dwells thesoul of hamlet with the part of Hamlet left out,...and not found wanting,Yes, truly, should 1 ever have the good fortune to be called upon at a moment's notice to playHamlet, I too shall wear a crown. I too shall murmur under my breath " To be or not to be "in that propped up position. I shall seem to be talking in my sleep,...." To die, to sleep,perchance to dream ". At other times. I shall assume the desire to turn to studies, and,seated at that table, (even as the assumed King Solomon is doing) 1 shall meander on abouthow actors are to speak their speeches nor make the judicious grieve Well, it will be the first cultured performance of the noble and disheartening play. Symbol ofRoyalty Bra m a t i sPersons How delightful DRAMATIC FORM GOETHE » 775. Jt is well»nigh time that people ceased talking about the form of dramatic compositions, about their length and shortness, their unities, their beginning, middle and end, and all the rest of it; and that we now began to go straightway to their contents, which hitherto, it seems, have been left to take care of themselves. &amp;There is, however, one form which is as distinct from the other as the internal sense fromthe external; a form which is not tangible but requires to be felt. Our head must be ableto overlook that which the head of another can grasp; our heart must be able to feel thatwhich the heart of another can feel. The intermingling of the rules will not give rise tolooseness; and, though the example should prove dangerous, yet it is at bottom better tomake a confused piece than a cold one. &amp;*&amp;£?&amp;&lt;&amp;&amp;&amp;Indeed, if only more persons were alive to this inner form, which comprehends within itselfall forms, we should not be disgusted by so many abortive productions of the intellect;writers would not think of expanding every tragic event into a drama and of slicing upevery novel into a play. I wish that some clever individual would parody this twofold nuisance by arranging, say, the fable of the Wolf and the Lamb in the form of a tragedyin five acts.Every form, even that which admits of the greatest amount of feeling, has in it somethingthat is untrue. Yet the form Is invariably the glass throught which we collect the holyrays of extend nature and throw them upon the heart of humanity as their focus. Butas for the glass—he to whom it is not given, will not succeed in obtainining it, do what hewill. Like the mysterious stone of the alchemists, it is both husk and matter, both fire andcooling draught; it is so simple, so common. It lies before every door, and yet so wonderfula thing, that just those people who possess it can as a rule make no use thereof. &lt;£?He who would work for the stage should, moreover, study the stage, the effects 6f scenography,of lights, of rouge and other colouring matter, of glazed linen and spangles. He should leavenature in her proper place, and take careful heed not to have recourse to anything butwhat may may be perforated by children with puppets upon boards and laths, together withsheets of cardboard and linen. &amp; &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; Not ordinaryadvice f otordi n a i yplay* wrights &amp; Children andPuppets &amp; STAGE MORALITY From the translation of Johanna Volz. FRIEDRICH NIETZSCHE |-je who believes that Shakespeare's stage has a mora! effect and that the sightof Macbeth irresistibly detracts from evil ambition is mistaken. And he is againmistaken if he believes that Shakespeare himself was of this opinion. Any man who is reallypossessed by mad ambition will watch this, his emblem, with delight; and the very factthat the hero perishes in his passion is the strongest charm in the hot cup of this delight.Were the poet's feelings different to these? How royally and not In the least knavishly hisambitious hero runs his course from the hour of his great crime I Only then he grows" demoniacally " attractive and encourages similar natures to imitation—demoniacal meanshere: in defiance of advantage and life, in favour of an idea and craving. Do you imaginethat Tristan and Isolde give a warning example of adultery though its being the cause oftheir death? This would be turning the poets upside down : for they, and Shakespeare aboveall, are in love with the passions themselves, and no less with their yearnings for death—when the heart does not cling to life more firmly than the drop of water does to the glass.It is not so much guilt and its evil conseguences which they—Shakespeare as well as Sophocles(in Ajax, Philoctetes GEdipus)—wish to portray; however easy it might have been in theaforesaid eases to make guilt the lever of the play, they carefully refrained from so doing&amp; Neither is it the wish of the tragic poet to prejudice us against life by means of hisrepresentations of life. Nay, he explains: " It is the charm of charms, this exciting, variable,hazardous, gloomy and often sun»steeped existence! It is an adventure to live!—withwhatever party you side in life, it will ever retain this character." Thus he speaks in arestless and vigorous age, which is partly intoxicated and dazed by its superabundance ofblood and energy—in an age more evil than ours: wherefore we must needs begin by adaptingand accommodating the purpose of a Shakesperian play—that is, by not understanding it. THE ARTISTS OF THE THEATRE OF THEFUTURE by Gordon Craig DESIGN FOR A STAGE SCENE GORDON CRAIG (Continued) ON THE ACTOR &amp; As a man he ranks high .... possesses generosity, and the truest sense of comradeship.I call to mind one actor whom 1 know and who shall stand as the type. A genial companion,and spreading a sense of companionship in the theatre; generous in giving assistance toyounger and less accomplished actors,.... continually speaking about the work,.... picturesquein his manner,.... able to hold his own when standing at the side of the stage instead ofin the centre;.... with a voice which commands my attention when 1 hear it,.... and finally,with about as much knowledge of the art as a cuckoo has of anything which is at allconstructive. Anything to be made according to plan or design is foreign to his nature.But his good nature tells him that others are on the stage besides himself, and that theremust be a certain feeling of unity between their thoughts and his, yet this arrives by akind of good natured instinct and not through knowledge, &amp; produces nothing positive. Instinctand experience have taught him a few things, (I am not going to call them tricks), whichhe continually repeats. For instance, he has learned that the sudden drop in the voicefrom forte to piano has the power of accentuating apd thrilling the audience as much asthe crescendo from the piano into the forte. He also knows that laughter is capable of verymany sounds, and not merely Ha Ha Ha. He knows that geniality is a rare thing on the stageand that the bubbling personality is always welcomed. But what he does not know is this that this same bubbling personality and all this same instinctive knowledge doubles or eventrebles its power when guided by scientific knowledge, that is to say, by art. If he shouldhear me say this now he would be lost in amazement and would consider that I was sayingsomething which was finicking, dry, and not at all for the consideration of an artist. Heis one who thinks that emotion creates emotion, and hates anything to do with calculation.It is not necessary for me to point out that all art has to do with calculation and that theman who disregards this can only be but half an actor. Nature will not alone supply allwhich goes to create a work of art, for it is not the privilege of trees, mountains and brooksto create works of art, or everything which they touch would be given a definite andbeautiful form. It is the particular power which belongs to man alone, and to him throughhis intelligence and his will. My friend probably thinks that Shakespeare wrote Othello ina passion of jealousy and that all he had to do was to write the first words which came intohis mouth; but Iam of the opinion,.... and I think others hold the same opinion,.... thatthe words had to pass through our author's head and that it was just through this processand through the quality of his imagination and the strength of his brain that the richnessof his nature was able to be entirely and clearly expressed, and by no other process couldhe have arrived at this.Therefore it follows that the the actor who wishes to perform .... Othello, let us say, musthave not only the rich nature from which to draw his wealth, but must also have theimagination to know what to bring forth, and the brain to know how to put it before us.Therefore the ideal actor will be the man who possesses both a rich nature and a powerfulbrain. Of his nature we need not speak. It will contain everything. Of his brain we cansay that the finer the brain the less liberty will it allow itself, remembering how muchdepends upon its co-worker, the Emotion, and also the less liberty will it allow its fellow- worker knowing how valuable to it is its sternest control. Finally, the intellect would bring both itself and the emotions to so fine a sense of reason that the work would neverboil to the bubbling point with its restless exhibition of activity, but would create thatperfect moderate heat which it would know how to keep temperate. &amp; The perfect actorwould be he whose brain could conceive and could show us the perfect symbols of all whichhis nature contains. He would not ramp and rage up and down in Othello, rolling his eyesand clenching his hands in order to give us an impression of jealousy; he would tell hisbrain to enquire into the depths, to learn all that lies there, and then to remove itself toanother sphere, the sphere of the imagination, and there fashion certain symbols which,without exhibiting the bare passions, would none the less tell us clearly about them. &amp;And the perfect actor who should do this would in time find out that the symbols are tobe made mainly from material which lies outside his person. &amp; But I will speak to youfully about this when I get to the end of our talk. For then I shall show you that the actoras he is today, must ultimately disappear and be merged in something else if works of artare to be seen in our kingdom of the Theatre (i).Meantime do not forget that the very nearest approach that has ever been to the idealactor, with his brain commanding his nature, has been Henry Irving. There are many bookswhich tell you about him, and the best of all the books is his face. Procure all the pictures,photographs, drawings, vois can of him, and try to read what is there. &amp; To begin with youwill find a mask, and the significance of this is most important. &amp; I think you will find itdifficult to say when you look on the face, that it betrays the weaknesses which may havebeen in the nature. &amp; Try and conceive for yourself that face in movement, movementwhich was ever under the powerful control of the mind. &amp; Can you not see the mouthbeing made to move by the brain, and that same movement which is called expressioncreating a thought as definite as the line of a draughtsman does on a piece of paper or as achord does in music ? Cannot you see the slow turning of those eyes and the enlargementof them? &amp; These two movements alone contained so great a lesson for the future of theart of the theatre, .... pointed out so clearly the right use of expression as opposed to thewrong use, that it is amazing to me that many people have not seen more clearly whatthe future must be. I should say that the face of Irving was the connecting link betweenthat spasmodic and ridiculous expression of the human face as used by the theatres of thelast few centuries, and the masks which will be used in place of the human face in the nearfuture. &amp;&amp; Try and think of all this when losing hope that you will ever bring your nature asexhibited in your face and your person under sufficient command. &lt;£? Know for a truth thatthere is something other than your face and your person which you may use and which iseasier to control. &amp; Know this, but make no attempt yet awhile to close with it. Continueto be an actor, continue to learn all that has to be learned, as to how they set about controllingthe face, and then you will learn finally that it is not to be entirely controlled.^I give yqu this hope so that when this moment arrives you will not do as the otheractors have done. They have been met by this difficulty and have shirked it, havecompromised, and have not dared to arrive at the conclusion which an artist must arriveat if faithful to himself. &amp; That is to say, that the mask is the only right medium ofportraying the expressions of the soul as shown though the expressions of the face. ON THE STAGE MANAGER M—MwiwiiiniiiMi i i ■■■■'"■■ you have been an actor you must become a stage manager, Rather a misleadingtitle this, for you will not be permitted to manage the stage. It is a peculiar position andyou can but benefit by the experience, though the experience will not bring either greatdelights to you or great results to the theatre in which you work. &amp; How well it sounds,this title, Stage manager I it indicates " Master of the science of the stage "Every theatre has a stage manager, yet I fear there are no masters of the stage science.Perhaps already you are an under stage=manager. You will therefore remember the proudJoy you felt when you were sent for, and, with some solemn words, informed that yourmanager had decided to advance you to the position of stage manager, and begged toremind you of the importance of the post, and of the additional one or two pennies that go with the situation. I suppose that you thought that the great and last wonderful dayof your dream had arrived, and you held your head a little higher for a week, and looked downon the vast land which seemed to stretch out before you. &amp; &amp;But after then, what was it? Am I not right in saying that it meant an early attendanceat the theatre to see after the carpenters, and whether the nails had been ordered, andwhether the cards, were fixed to the doors of the dressing rooms? Am I not right in sayingthat you had to descend again to the stage and stand around waiting to see if thingswere done to time?.... whether the scenery was brought in and hung up to time? Didnot the costumiere come tearfully to you saying that some one had taken a dress from its boxand substituted another? Did you not request the costumiere to bring the offending partybefore you ? and did you not have to manage these two in some tactful way so as tooff end neither of them, and yet so as to get at the truth of the matter ?.... And did you everget at the truth of the matter? And did these two go away nursing anything but a loathdd*hate towards you?.... Put the best case,.... one of them liked you, and the other began tointrigue against you the next hour. Did you find yourself still on the stage at about halfpast ten, and did not the actors arrive at that hour apparently in total ignorance that youhad been there already four hours, and with their superb conviction that the doors of thetheatre had just that moment been opened because they had arrived ? And did not atleast six of these actors in the next quarter of an hour come up to you and with an 44 I say,old chap, " or 44 Look here, old fellow ", start asking you to arrange something for them onthe stage so as to make their task a little easier? And were not the things which they askedall so opposed one to the other, that to assist any one actor would have been to offend theother five ? &amp; Having told them that you would do your best, were you not relieved by thesudden appearence of the director of the theatre, generally the chief actor ? And did younot instantly go to him with the different requests which had been made to you, hopingthat he, as master, would take the responsibility of arranging all these difficult matters ?And did he not reply to you, 44 Don't bother me with these details; please do what youthink best and did you not then instantly know in your heart of hearts that the wholething was a farce,.... the title, the position, and all ? &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;And then the rehearsal commenced. &amp; The first words are spoken; the first difficultyarrives. The play opens with a conversation between two gentlemen seated at atable. &amp; Having gone on for about five minutes, the director interrupts with a gentlequestion. He asks if he is not correct in saying that at yesterday's rehearsal Mr. Brownrose at this or that line, twisting his chair back with a sudden movement? The actor,a trifle distressed that he has been the cause of the first delay in the day's proceedings,and yet not wishing to take any fault to himself, asks with equal courtesy, 44 Are these thechairs which we are supposed to use on the night?" &amp; The director turns to the stagemanager, and asks him, 44 Are these the chairs we use upon the night ? " &amp; 44 No, Sir "replies the stage manager. A momentary look of disapproval, ever so slight, passes fromthe director, and is reflected upon the faces of the two actors, and a little restless windpasses round the theatre. It is the first little hitch. " 44 I think it would be best touse at rehearsal the chairs we are going to use on the night ". &amp;44 Certainly, Sir,! " Thestage manager claps his hands. «&lt;£? 44 Isherwood, " he cries,... A thin, sad looking littleman, with a mask which is impenetrable on account of its extreme sadness, comes on to thestage and stands before the judgment seat. &amp; He hesitates. 44 We shall use the chairs atrehearsal which have been ordered for this scene. " 44 No chairs, Sir, have been orderedfor this scene. " &amp; The wind rises. A sharp flash of lightening shows itself on the face ofthe director, and a sudden frown of thunder hangs upon the brows of the actors. Thestage manager asks to see the property list, that is to say, the list of things used in thescene. Isherwood casts his eyes pathetically across the desert of the stage in search ofthe leading lady. &amp; Being the wife of the director, she has seen no reason for arrivingin time. When she arrives she will have the look upon her face of having been concernedwith more important business elsewhere. Isherwood replies, 441 had orders, Sir, to putthese two chairs in Scene II, as they are chairs with pink and red brocade Great momentfor the director. Thunder clap,.... 44 Who gave you these orders, "? &amp; 44 Miss Jones. " &amp;(Miss Jones is the daughter of the leading lady who is the wife of the director. Her positionis not defined in the theatre, but she may be said to 44 assist her mother. ") Hence the absence of the chairs.... Hence the irritation of the entire company.... Hence the wasteof time in many theatres and certainly in many English Theatres. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; This is but one and the first trial of the stage manager, who rather plays the part ofthe tyre than the axel of the wheel of the stage. &amp; The rehearsal continues. The stagemanager has to be there all the time with but little control and permitted to have lessopinions, and yet held responsible for all errors; and after it is over, while the actorsmay retire to their luncheon, he must retire to the property room, the scene painting room,the carpenters room, must hear all their grievances, must see everything being delayedand when the company returns to the theatre fresh after a pause of an hour or so he isexpected to be as fresh and as good humoured without a break of a minute. This would bean easy &amp; pleasant matter if he had the authority of his title; that is to say, iff in his contractlay the words " Entire and absolute control of the stage and all that is on the stage."But it is none the less a good if a strange experience. It teaches the man who assumesthese terrible responsabilities how great a need there is for him to study the science of thestage, so that when it comes to his turn to be the director of the theatre, he may dispensewith the services of a so-called 4 stage manager ' by being the veritable stage managerhimself.You will do well, after having remained an actor for five years to assume these difficultresponsabilities of stage manager for a year or two, and never forget that it is a positioncapable of development. About the ideal stage manager I have written in my book *• The Art ofthe Theatre", and I have shown there that the nature of his position should make him the mostimportant figure in the whole world of the theatre. It should therefore be your aim tobecome such a man,... one who is able to take a play and produce it himself, rehearsing theactors and conveying to them the requirements of each movement, each situation;.... designingthe scenery and the costumes and explaining to those who are to make them the requirementsof these scenes and costumes;.... and working with the manipulators of the artificial light,and conveying to them clearly what is required. &amp;&amp;&amp;&lt;&amp;£&gt;&amp;Now, if I had nothing better to bring to you than these suggestions, if I had no furtherideal, no further truth, to reveal to you about the stage and about your future than thisthat I have told you of, I should consider that I had nothing to give you whatever and Ishould urge you to think no more of the theatre. But I told you at the beginning of my letterthat I was going to give you all sorts of things to cheer yourself with, so that you shouldhave absolute faith in the greatness of the task which you set out to achieve; and hereI remind you of this again lest you should think that this ideal manager of whom I speakis the ultimate achievement possible for you. It is not. Read what I have writtenabout him in the " Art of the Theatre, " and let that suffice you for the time being; but restperfectly sure that I have more, much more to foliow, and that your Hope shall be so high,that no other Hope, not even that of the poets or the priests, shall be higher. &amp;To return to the duties of the stage manager. &amp; I take it that I have already explainedto you, or that you have already experienced, these ordinary difficulties, and that you havelearned that great tact is required and no great talent. &amp; You have only to take care thatin exercising this tact you do not become a little diplomatist, for a little diplomatist is adangerous thing. Keep fresh your desire to emerge from that position, and your best wayto do this is to study how to master the different materials which, later on, you will haveto work in when your position is that of the ideal stage manager. You will then possessyour own theatre, and what you place upon your stage will all be the work of your brain,much of it the work of your hands, and you must waste no time so as to be ready. ON SCENE AND MOVEMENT It is now time to tell you how I believe you may best become a designer of stage scenery andcostumes, and how you may learn something about the uses of artificial light; how you maybring the actors who work with you to work in harmony with each other, with the scene,and, most of all, with the ideas of the author. have been studying, and will go on studying,the works which you wish to present. Let us here limit them to the four great tragediesby Shakespeare. You will know these so well by the time you begin to prepare them forthe stage,.... and the preparation will take you a year or two for each play.... you will have no mora doubts as to what impression you want to create; your exercise will be to seehow best you can create that impression. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;Let me tell you then at the commencement that it is the large and sweeping impressionproduced by means of scene and the movement of the figures, which is undoubtedly themost valuable means at your disposal. I say this only after very many doubts and aftermuch experience; and you must always bear in mind that it is from my experience that Ispeak, and that the best I can do is but to offer you that experience, &amp;r Although you knowthat I have parted company with the popular belief that the written play is of any deepvalue to the Art of the Theatre, we are not going so far as that here. We are to accept itthat the play still retains some value for us and we are not going to waste that; our aimis to increase it. &amp; Therefore it is, as I say, the production of general and broad effectsappealing to the eye which will add a value to that which has already been made valuableby the great &lt;&amp;£?&amp;?£?&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;First and foremost comes the scene. &amp; It is idle to talk about the distraction of scenery,because the question here is not how to create some distracting scenery, but ratherhow to create a place which harmonises with the thoughts of the poet. &amp; &amp;Come now, we take 44 Macbeth ". &amp; We know the play well. In what kind of place is thatplay laid? How does it look, first of all to our mind's eye, secondly to our eye? &amp;&amp; 1 see two things. I see a lofty and steep rock, and I see the moist cloud which envelopsthe head of this rock. That is to say, a place for fierce and warlike men to inhabit, a placefor phantoms to nest in. Ultimately this moisture will destroy the rock; ultimately thesespirits will destroy the men. Now then, you are quick in your question as to what actuallyto create for the eye. 1 answer as swiftly.... place there a rock! Let it mount up high. &amp; SwiftlyI tell you,.... convey the idea of a mist which hugs the head of this rock. &amp; Now, have Ideparted at all for one eighth of an inch from the vision which I saw in the mind's eye?&amp; But you ask me what form this rock shall take and what colour? What are the lineswhich are the lofty lines, and which are to be seen in any lofty cliff? ... Go to them, glance buta moment at them; now quickly set them down on your paper; the lines and their direction,never mind the cliff. &amp;Do not be afraid to let them go high; they cannot go high enough;•...and remember that on a sheet of paper which is but two inches square, you can make a linewhich seems to tower miles in the air, and you can do the same on your stage for it isall a matter of proportion and nothing to do with actuality &amp;You ask about the colours?.. What are the colours that Shakespeare has indicated for us? Do notfirst look at nature, but look in the play of the poet. £/ Two; one for the rock, the man; one forthe mist, the spirit. Now, quickly, take and accept this statement from not a singleother colour, but only these two colours through your whole progress of designing yourscene and your costumes, yet forget not that each colour contains many variations. If you aretimid for a moment and mistrust yourself or what I tell, when the scene is finished you willnot see with your eye the effect you have seen with your mind's eye, when looking at thepicture which Shakespeare has indicated. £?£*&amp;&amp;&amp;?&amp; &amp;&amp; It is this lack of courage, lack of faith in the value which lies in limitation and inproportion which is the undoing of all the good ideas which are born in the minds of thescene designers. They wish to make twenty statements at once. They wish to tell us not onlyof the lofty crag and the mist which clings to it; they wish to tell you of the moss of theHighlands and of the particular rain which descends in the month of August. They cannotresist showing that they know the form of the ferns of Scotland, and that their archeologicalresearch has been thorough in all matters relating to the Castles of Glamis and Cawdor.And so in their attempt to tell us these many facts, they tell us nothing; all is confusion....44 Most sacrilegious murder hath broke ope the Lord's annointed Temple, and stole thencethe life of the building". &amp; So, do as I tell you. Practice with the pencil on paper both on a small scale and on alarge scale; practice with colour on canvas; so that you may see for yourself that what Isay to you is true .... and, if you are an Englishman, make haste! for if you do not otherswho read this in other countries will find in it technical truths and will outstrip you beforeyou are aware of it. But the rock and its cloud of mist is not all that you have toconsider. &amp; You have to consider that at the base of this rock swarm the clans of strangeearthly forces, qnd that in the mist hover the spirits innumerable;.... to speak more technically you have to think of the 60 or 70 actors whose movements have to be made at the baseof the scene, and of the other figures which obviously may not be suspended on wires, andyet must be seen to be clearly separate from the human and more material beings,It is obvious then that some curious sense of a dividing line must be created somewhere uponthe stage so that the beholder, even if he look but with his corporal eye, shall be convincedthat the two things are separate things. &amp; I will tell yon how to do this. Line andproportion having suggested the material rock-like substance, tone and colour (one colour)will have given the etherial to the mist-like vacuum. Now then, you bring this tone andcolour downwards until it reaches nearly to the level of the floor; but you must be carefulto bring this colour and this tone down in some place which is removed from the materialrock-like substance. &amp;You ask me to explain technically what I mean. Let your rock possess but half the widthof the stage, Let it be the side of a cliff round which many paths twist, and let these|pathsmingle in one flat space taking up half or perhaps three quarters of the stage. You haveroom enough there for all your men and women. Now then, open your stage and all otherparts. Let there be a void below as as well as above, and in this void let your mist fall andfade; and from that bring the figures which you have fashioned and which are to stand for thespirits. &amp; I know you are yet not quite comfortable in your mind about this rock and thismist; I know that you have got in the back of your head the recollection that a little lateron in the play come several 'interiors' as they are called, &amp; But, bless your heart, don't botherabout that! call to mind that the interior of a castle is made from the stuff which is takenfrom the quarries. Is it not precisely the same colour to begin with? and do not the blowsof the axes which hew out the great stones give a texture to each stone which resemblesthe texture given it by natural means, as rain, lightening, frost? &amp; So you will not haveto change your mind or change your impression as you proced. You will have but to givevariations of the same theme, the rock the brown; the mist.... the grey; and by thesemeans you will, wonder of wonders, actually have preserved unity. &amp; Your success willdepend upon your capacity to make variations upon these two themes; but remember neverto let go of the main theme of the play when searching for variations in the Scene.&amp; By means of your scene you will be able to mould the movements of the actors, and youmust be able to increase the impression of your numbers without actually adding anotherman to your 40 or 50. You must not therefore waste a single man, nor place him in such apositiou that an inch of him is lost. Therefore the places on which he walks must be the mostcarefully studied parts of the whole scene. But in telling you not to waste an inch ofhim I do not therefore mean to convey that you must show every inch of him. It isneedless to say more on this point. By means of suggestion you may bring on the stagea sense of all things; the rain, the sun, the wind, the snow, the hail, the intense heat; butyou will never bring them there by attempting to wrestle and close with nature, in orderso that you may seize some of her treasure and lay it before the eyes of the multitude.By means of suggestion in movement you may translate all the passions and the thoughtsof vast numbers of people, or by means the same you can assist your actor to conveythe thoughts and the emotions of the particular character he impersonates Actuality,accuracy of detail, is useless upon the stage. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Do you want further directions as to how to become a designer of scenes and how tomake them beautiful, &amp;, let us add for the sake of the cause, practical and inexpensive?^I amafraid that if I were to commit my method to writing I should write something down whichwould prove not so much useless as bad. For it might be very dangerous for many peopleto imitate my method. It would be a different thing if you could study with me, practisingwhat we speak about for a few years. Your nature would in time learn to reject that whichwas unsuited to it, and, by a daily and a much slower initiation, only the more importantand valuable parts of my teaching would last. But I can give you now some more generalideas of things which you might do with advantage and things which you may leave undone.For instance, to begin with, don't worry;—particularly don't worry your brain, and forHeaven's sake don't think it is important that you have got to do something, especiallysomething clever.1 call to mind the amount of trouble I had when I was a boy of 21 over the struggle tosomehow produce designs traditional in character without feeling at all in sympathy with the tradition; and I count it as so much wasted time. I do not hold with others that itwas of any value whatever. £? I remember making designs for scenes for Henry IV. I wasworking under an actor manager at the time. I was working in a theatre where the chairsand the tables and other matters of detail played important and photographic parts, and,not knowing any better, I had to take all this as a good example The play of Henry IVtherefore consisted to my mind of one excellent part, Prince Hal, and 30 or 40 othercharacters that trotted round this part. &amp; There was the usual table with the chairs roundit on the right side. There at the back was the usual door, and I thought it rather uniqueand daring at the time to place this door a little bit off the straight. There was the windowwith the latches and the bolts and the curtains ruffled up to look as if they had been used forsometime, and outside the glimpses of English landscape. There were the great flagons; andof course, on the curtain rising there was to be a great cluster and fluster of "scurvy knaves"who ran in and out, and a noise of jovial drinkers in the next room. There was the littlepiece of jovial music to take up the curtain, that swinging jig tune which we have allgrown so familiar with, there were the three girls who pass at the back of the window,laughing. One pops her head in at the window with a laugh and a word to the potman.Then there is the dwindling of the laughter and the sinking to piano of the orchestra asthe first speaking character enters,... and so on. &amp; My whole work of that time was based on these stupid restless dotails which I had beenled to suppose a production could be made from ; and it was only when I banished the wholeof this from my thoughts and no longer permitted myself to see with the eyes of the producersof the period of Charles Kean, that I began to find anything fresh which might be ofvalue to the play. And so for me to tell you how to make your scenes is well nighimpossible. It would lead you into terrible blunders. I have seen some of the scenery whichis supposed to be produced according to my teaching, and it is utter rubbish.I let my scenes grow out of not merely the play, but from broad sweeps of thoughtwhich the play has conjured up in me, or even other plays by the same author have conjuredup. For instance, the relation of Hamlet to Macbeth is quite close, and the one play mayinfluence the other. &amp; I have been asked so many times by people eager to make a littleswift success or a little money, to explain to them carefully, how I make my scenes; because,said they with sweet simplicity, " then I could make some too ", You will hardly believeit, but the strangest of people have said this to me and if I could be of service to themwithout being treacherous to myself as an artist, and to the art, I would always do so.But you see how vain that would be! To tell them in five minutes or in five hours or evenin a day how to do a thing which it has taken me a life time to begin to do would be utterlyimpossible. And yet when I have been unable to bring myself to tear my knowledge up intolittle shreds and give it to these people they have been most indignant, at times malignant.And so you see it is not that I am unwilling to explain to you the size and shape of myback-cloths, the colour which is put upon them, the pieces of wood that are not to be attachedto them, the way they are to be handled, the lights that are to be thrown upon them, andhow and why I do everything else; it is only that if 1 were to tell you, though it mightbe of some service to you for the next two or three years, and you could produce severalplays with enough effects therein to satisfy the curiosity of quite a number of people,.....though you would benefit to this extent you would lose to a far greater extent, and the Artwould have in me its most treacherous minister We are not concerned with short cuts.We are not concerned with what is to be effective and what is to pay. We are concernedwith the heart this thing, and with loving and understanding it. Therefore approach it fromall sides, surround it, and do not let yourself be attracted away by the idea of scene as an endin itself, of costume as an end in itself, or of stage management or any of these things,and never lose hold of your determination to win through to the secret.... the secret whichlies in the creation of another beauty and then all will be well. &amp;&amp; In preparing a play, while your mind is thinking of scene, let it instantly leap roundand consider the acting, movement and voice. Decide nothing yetinstantly leap back toanother thought about another part of this unit. &amp; Consider the movement robbed of allscene, all costume, merely as movement. Somehow mix the movement of the person withthe movement which you see in your mind's eye in the scene. Now pour all your colourupon this. Now wash away all the colour. Now begin over again. Consider only the words. Wind them in and out of some vast and impossible picture, and now make that picture possiblethrough the words. DO you see at all what I mean Look at the thing from every standpointand through every medium, and do not hasten to begin your work until one medium forceyou to commence. You can far sooner trust other influences to move your will and evenyour hand that you can trust your own little human brain. This may not be the methodicalteaching of the schools. The results they achieve are on record,and the record is nothingto boast about. Hard, matter of fact, mechanical teaching may be very good for a class,but it is not much good for the individual; and when I come to teach a class 1 shall notteach them so much by words as by practical demonstration. &amp;By the way, I may tell you one or two things that you will find good not to do. Forinstance, do not trouble about the costume books. When in a great difficulty refer toone in order to see how little it will help you out of your difficulty, but your best plan isnever to let yourself become complicated with these things. Remain clear and fresh. If youstudy how to draw a figure, how to put on it a jacket, coverings for the legs, covering forthe head, and try to vary these coverings in all kinds of interesting, amusing, or beautifulways, you will get much further than if you feast your eyes and confound your brain withRacinet, Planchet, Hottenroth and the others. The coloured costumes are the worst, andyou must take great care with these and be utterly independent when you come to thinkabout what you have been looking at. Doubt and mistrust them thoroughly. If you findafterwards that they contain many good things you will not be so far wrong; but if youaccept them straight away your whole thought and sense for designing a costume will belost; you will be able to design a Racinet costume or a Planchet costume, and you will leanfar too much on these historically accurate men who are at the same time historically untrue.Better than these that I have mentioned is Viollet le Due. He has much love for thelittle truths which underlie costume, and is very faithful in his attitude; but even his ismore a book for the historical novelist, and one has yet to be written abqut imaginativecostume. &amp; Keep continually designing such imaginative costumes. For example, make abarbaric costume; and a barbaric costume for a sly man which has nothing about it which canbe said to be historical and yet is both sly and barbaric. &amp; Now make another design foranother barbaric costume, for a man who is bold and tender. NOW make a third for onewho is ugly and vindictive* &amp; It will be an exercise. You will probably make blunders atfirst for it is no easy thing to do but I promise you if you persevere long enough you willbe able to do it. Then go further; attempt to design the clothing for a divine figureand for a demonic figure: These of course will be studies in individual costumes,but the main strength of this branch of the work lies in the costume as mass. It is themistake of all theatrical producers that they consider the costumes of the mass individually.It is the same when they come to consider movements, the movements of masses on thestage. You must be careful not to follow the custom. We often hear it said that eachmember of the Meinigen Company composing the great crowd in Julius Caesar was actinga special part of his own. This may be very exciting as a curiosity, and attractive toa rather foolish audience, who would naturally say, " Oh, how interesting to go and lookat one particular man in a corner who is acting a little part of his own! How wonderful!It is exactly like life! ",.... And if that is the standard and if that is our aim, well and good.But we know that it is not. Masses must be treated as masses, as Rembrandt treatsa mass, as Bach, as Beethoven treats a mass, and detail has nothing to do with the mass.Detail is very well in itself and in its place. You do not make an impression of mass byCrowding a quantity of details together. Detail is made to form mass only by those peoplewho love the elaborate, and it is a much easier thing to crowd a quantity of details together,than it is to create a mass which shall possess beauty and interest. On the stage theyinstantly turn to the natural when they wish to create this elaborate structure.... A hundredmen to compose a crowd, or, let us say, all Rome, as in Julius Caesar; a hundred men, andeach is told to act his little part. Each acts himself, giving vent to his own cries; eacha different cry, .... though many of them copy the most effective ones so that by the end ofthe first 20 nights they are all giving out the same cry. And each of them has his ownaction, which after the first twenty nights is exchanged for the most effective and popularaction; and by this means a fairly decent crowd of men with waving arms and shouting voices may be composed, and may give some people the impression of a vast crowd. Toothers it gives the impression of a crush at a railway station. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Avoid all this sort of thing. Avoid the so-called * naturalistic* in movement as well asin scene and costume. The naturalistic stepped in on the Stage because the artificial hadgrown finicking, insipid;.... but do not forget that there is such a thing as noble artificiality.Someone writing about natural movement and gesture says, " Wagner had long put inpractice the system of natural stage action tried of late years at the Thddtre Libre in Parisby a French comedian; a system which, most happily, tends more &amp; more to be generallyadopted ". It is to prevent such things being written that you exist. &amp; &amp;&amp; This tendency towards the natural has nothing to do with art, and is abhorrent whenit shows in art, even as artificiality is abhorrent when we meet it in every day life. Wemust understand that the two things are divided, and we must keep each thing in its place;we cannot expect to rid ourselves in a moment of this tendency to be " natural"; to make" natural " scenes, and speak in a " natural" voice, but we can fight against it best bystudying the other arts. &amp; &amp;Therefore we have to put the idea of natural or unnatural action out of our headsaltogether, and in place of it we have to consider necessary or unnecessary action. Thenecessary action at a certain moment may be said to be the natural action for that moment;and if that is what is meant by 1 natural9 well and good. In so far as it is right it is natural,but we must not get into our heads that every haphazard natural action is right. In factthere is hardly any action which is right, there is hardly any which is natural. Action is away of spoiling something, says Rimbaud. &amp;&amp; And to train a company of actors to show upon the stage the actions which are seen inevery drawing room, club, public house or garret must seem to everyone nothing lessthan tomfoolery. That companies are so trained is well known, but it remains almost incrediblein its childishness. Just as I told you to invent costume which was significant, so mustyou invent a series of significant actions, still keeping in mind the great division whichexists between action in the mass and action in the individual, and remembering that noaction is better than little &amp; &amp;I have told you to make three costumes based on the idea of a barbaric sense, eachparticularized by some special individuality. Give action to these figures which you have made.Create for them significant actions, limiting yourself to those three texts that I have givenyou, the sly, the bold tenderness, the ugly and vindictive. Make studies for these, carryyour little book or pieces of paper with you and continually be inventing with your pencillittle hints of forms and faces stamped with these three impressions; and when you havecollected dozens of them select the most beautiful. &amp; &amp; &amp;And now for a word on this. £? I particularly did not say the most * effective9 although1 used the word * beautiful7 as the artists use it, not as those of the stage use it.I tcannot be expected to explain to you all that the artist means by the word beautiful;but to him it is something which has the most balance about it, the justest thing, thatwhich rings a complete and perfect bell note. Not the pretty, not the smooth, not thesuperb always, and not always the rich, seldom the « effective 7 as we know it in the theatre,although at times that, too, is the beautiful. But Beauty is so vast a thing, and containsnearly all other things; contains even ugliness, which sometimes ceases to be what is held asugliness, and contains harsh things, but never incomplete things.&amp; Once let the meaning of this word " Beauty 77 begin to be thoroughly felt once more inthe theatre, and we may say that the awakening day of the theatre is near. Once let the word* effective 7be wiped off our lips, and they will be ready to speak this word Beauty. Whenwe speak about the effective, we in the theatre mean something which will reach across the footlights. The old actor tells the young actor to raise his voice, to " Spit it out";.... " Spit it out,laddie, fling it at the back of the gallery" Not bad advice either; but to think thatthis has not been learnt in the last five or six hundred years, and that we have not gotfurther; that is what is so distressing about the whole business. Obviously all stageactions and all stage words must first of all be clearly seen, must be clearly heard. Naturallyall pointed actions and all pointed speeches must have a clear and distinct form so thatthey may be clearly understood.^We grant all this. It is the same in all art, &amp; as with theother arts it goes without saying; but it is not the one &amp; only essential thing which the eiders must be continually drumming into the ears of the younger generation when it stepsupon the stage. It teaches the young actor soon to become a master of tricks, fie takes theshort cut instinctively to these tricks, and this playing of tricks has been the cause of theinvention of a word,—" Theatricaland I can put my finger on the reason why the youngactor labours under this disadvantage the moment he begins his stage experience. It isbecause previous to his experience he has passed no time as student or as apprentice.&amp; I do not know that I am such a great believer in the schools. I believe very much indeedin the general school which the world has to offer us, but there is this great differencebetween the " world " schooling of the actor and the " world " schooling of the other artistswho do not go to the Academies either. A young painter, or a young musician, a youngpoet, or a young architect, or a young sculptor may never enter an Academy during hislife, and may have ten years knocking about in the world learning here, learningthere, experimenting and labouring unseen and his experiments unnoticed. &amp; The youngactor may not enter an Academy either, and he may also knock about in the world, andhe too may experiment just the same as the others, but and here is the vast difference all his experiments he must make in front of a public. Every little atom of his workfrom the first day of his commencing until the last day of his apprenticeship must be seen,and must come under the fire of criticism. I shall ever be beholden to the higher criticism,and for a man of ten year's experience a£ any work to come under the fire of criticism willbenefit him and his work a thousandfold. He has prepared himself; he has strength; heknows what he is going to face. But for every boy and girl to be subjected to this the firstyear that they timidly attempt this enormous task is not only unfair on them but isdisastrous to the art of the stage. &amp;&amp; Let us picture ourselves as totally new to this work. We are on fire with the desire tobegin our work. Willingly and with an enormous courage we accept some small part. Itis eight lines and we appear for ten minutes. We are delighted although almost in apanic. Say it is twenty lines.... Do you think we say no? We are to appear six times,... doyou ithink we shall run away? We may not be angels but we are certainly not fools forstepping in. It appears to us heaven. On we go Next morning "Itis a pity that themanager elected an incompetent young man to fill so important a part ". &amp;&amp; I am not blaming the critic for writing this ; I am not saying that it will kill a great artist orthat it will break our heart; I only say that this seems so unfair that it is only natural thatwe retaliate by taking an unfair advantage of the very art which we have commencedto love, by becoming " effective " at all costs. &amp; We have received this criticism; we havedone our best; the others have received good criticism; we can stand it no longer; we doas they do,.... we become 44 effective ". It takes most young actors but five years' acutesuffering to become effective, to become theatrical. Too early criticism breaks the youngactor who would be an artist as far as possible, and causes him to be a traitor to the artwhich he loves. Beware of this and rather be ineffective. Receive your bad criticismwith a good grace and with the knowledge that with patience and with pride you can outliveand outdistance all around you. It is right that the critic should say that you wereineffective at a certain moment, or that you played your part badly, if you have been but three,four or five years on the stage, and if you are but still feeling your way slowly, instead ofrushing to tricks for support. It is quite right of them to say that, for they are speakingthe entire truth; you should be glad of this; but unconsciously they disclose a still greatertruth. It is this; That the better the artist the worse the &amp; &amp; &amp;So take entire courage. Continue as I have said at the beginning to remain an actoruntil you can stand it no longer, until you feel you are on the point of giving way; thenleap nimbly aside into the position of stage manager. And here as I have pointed out youwill be in a better position if not a much better position, for you are approaching the pointat which stands, (slumbering, it is true) the artist of the theatre. Your most effective scenes,productions, costumes and the rest, will of course be the most theatrical ones. But heretradition is not so strong, and it is here that you will find something that you can rely on.The critic is not more lenient towards the producer of plays, but some how or other heis less inclined to use the word * effective'. He seems to have a wider knowledge of the beautyor the ugliness of these things. It may be that the tradition of his art permits him this; forproduction, as it is understood nowadays, is but a more modern development of the theatre, and the critic has more liberty to say what he wishes. &amp; At any rate, when you become stagemanager, you will no longer have to appear each evening upon the stage in person, andtherefore anything which is written about your work you cannot take in a personal way.I thought to tell you here something about the uses of artificial light; but apply what1 have said of scene and costume to this other branch as well. Some of it may apply. &amp;To tell you of the instruments which they use, how they use them so as to produce beautifulresults, is not quite practical. If you have the wit to invent the scenes and the costumesthat I have spoken about, you will soon have the wit to find your own way of using theartificial light we are given in the theatre. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Finally, before we pass out of the theatre on to other more serious matters, let me giveyou the last advice of all When in doubt listen to the advice of a man in a theatreeven if he is only a dresser, rather than pay any attention to the amateur. A few painters,a few writers, and a few musicians, have used our theatre as a kind of afterthought.Take care to pay no attention to what they say or what they do. An ordinarystage hand knows more about our art than these amateurs. The painter has latelybeen making quite a pretty little raid upon the outskirts of the stage. He is very oftena man of much intellectual ability and full of very many excellent theories, the old andbeautiful theory of art which each in his own piece of soil knows how to cultivate best;and these theories he has exemplified in his own particular branch of art so well. In thetheatre they become sheer affectation. It is reasonable to suppose that a man who hasspent fifteen to twenty years of his life painting in oils on a flat surface, etching on copper,or engraving on wood will produce something which is pictorial and has the qualities of thepictorial but nothing else. And so with the musician; he will produce something which ismusical. So with the poet; he will produce something which is literary. It will all be verypicturesque and pretty, but it will unfortunately be nothing to do with the Art of theTheatre. Beware of such men; you can do without them. If you have anythingto do with them you will end by being an amateur yourself. If one of these should wishto talk with you about the theatre be careful to ask him how long he has actuallyworked in a theatre before you waste any more time listening to his unpractical theories.as the last but one word was about these men so the last word of all shall be about theirwork. Their work is so fine, they have found such good laws and have followed these laws so well,have given up all their worldly hopes in this one great search after beauty, that when natureseems to be too difficult to understand, go straight to these fellows,.... I mean to theirwork .... and they will help you out of all the difficulties, for they are the best and thewisest people in the world.&amp; And now I intend to carry you on beyond this stage management about which I have spoken,and unveil to you some greater possibilities which I think are in store for you.&amp; I have come to the end of talking with you about matters as they are, and I hope you willpass through those years as actor, manager, designer and producer without any very greatdisturbances. To do this successfully, although in your apprenticeship you must hold yourown opinion, you must hold it very closely to yourself; and above all things remember that I donot expect you to hold my opinion or to stand up for it publicly. To do that would be toweaken your position and to weaken the value of this preparation time. It is of no value tome that people should be convinced of your belief in the truth of my statements, theories orpractises: it is of great value to me that you should be so convinced. And so as to let nothingstand in the way of that I would have you run no risks, but keep our convictions to ourselves. Tryto win no support for me. Run no risk of being faced with the dismissal from your post withthe option of the denial of our mutual beliefs. Besides, there is no need for either of thesetwo alternatives. I have taken so large a share of the rebuffs by loudly proclaiming mybeliefs in the cause of the truth of this work, and am always prepared to take more if youwill but leap forwards and secure the advantages, using me as the stalking horse. I shallappreciate the fun, for there is a spice of fun in it all .... and that will be my reward. &amp;Remember we are attacking a monster; a very powerful &amp; subtle enemy; and when you signalto me let it be by that more secret means even than wireless telegraphy. I shall understandthe communication.&amp; When you have finished your apprenticeship, ....6 to 10 years,.... there will be no needto use further concealment: you will then be fitted to step out and, in your turn, unfurl your banner, for you will be upon the frontier of your kingdom,.... and about this kingdomI will speak now. &amp;&amp; I use the word 4 Kingdom ' instinctively in speaking of the land of the Theatre. It explainsbest what I mean. &amp; May be in the next three or four thousand years the word Kingdomwill have disappeared, ....Kingdom,.... Kingship, ....King,... but I doubt it; and if itdoes go something else equally fine will take its place. It will be the same thing in a differentdress. &amp; You can't invent anything finer than Kingship... the idea of the King. It is merelyanother word for the Individual, the calm shrewd personality; and so long as thisworld exists the calmest and the shrewdest personality will always be the King. In somerare instances he is called the President, but he is none the less the King. In some instances«he is called the Pope, &amp; sometimes the General; it all comes to the same thing, andit is no good denying it; he is the King. To the artist the thought is very dear. Thereis the sense of the perfect balancer. The king (to the artist) is that superb part ofthe scales, which the old workmen made in gold and sometimes touched with beautifulstones;... the delicately worked handle without which the scales could not exist and uponwhich the eye of the measurer must be fixed. Therefore I have taken as the device ofour new Art these scales, for our art is based upon the idea of perfect balance, the resultof movement.Here then is the thing which 1 promised at the beginning to bring to you. Having passedthrough your apprenticeship without having been merged in the trade, you are fitted toreceive this. Without having done so you would not even be able to see it. I haveno fear that what I throw to you now will be caught by other hands because it is visibleand tangible only to those who have passed through such an apprenticeship. In thebeginning with you it was Impersonation; you passed on to Representation, and now youadvance into Revelation. When Impersonating and Representing you made use of thosematerials which had always been made use of; that is to say, the human figure as exemplifiedin the actor, speech as exemplified in the poet through the actor, the visible world as shownby means of Scene. You now will reveal by means of movement the Invisible things, ...those seen through the eye and not with the eye, by the wonderful and divine power ofMovement. &amp;There is a thing which man has not yet learned to master, a thing which man dreamednot was waiting for him to approach with love; it was invisible and yet ever present withhim Superb in its attraction and swift to retreat, a thing waiting but for the approachof the right men.... prepared to soar with them through all the circles beyond the earth....Movement.It is somehow a common belief that only by means of words can truths be revealed.'Eventhe wisdom of China has said. 44 Spiritual truth is deep and wide, of infinite exellence,44 but difficult of comprehension Without words it would be impossible to expound its" doctrine; without images its form could not be revealed. Words explain the law of two44 and six, images delineate the relation of four and eight. Is it not profound,.... as infinite as44 space,.... beyond all comparison lovely?" &amp;But what of that infinite and beautiful thing drawn from space called Movement?From Sound has been drawn that wonder of wonders called Music. Music,.... one couldspeak of it as St Paul speaks of love. It is all Tove ....it is all that he says true love shouldbe. It suffereth all things, &amp;is kind; is not puffed up, doth not behave itself unseemly;believeth all things, hopeth all things, infinitely vast! &amp;&amp; And as like as one sphere to another, so is movement like to music. I like toremember that all things spring from movement, even music; and I like to think that it is tobe our supreme honour to be the ministers to the supreme force Movement &amp; For yousee where the theatre (even the poor distracted and desolate theatre) is connected with thisservice. The theatres of all lands, east and west, have developed (if a degenerate development)from movement the movement of the human form. We know so much for it is onrecord ; and before the human being assumed the grave responsability of using his own personas an instrument through which this Beauty should pass, there was another and a wiserrace, who used other instruments. &amp; jg? &amp;&amp; In the earliest days the dancer was a priest or a priestess, and not a gloomy one byany means; too soon to degenerate into something more like the acrobat, and finally to achieve the distinction of the ballet dancer. By association with the minstrel, the actor appeared. Idonot hold, that with the renaissance of the dance comes the renaissance of the ancient art of thetheatre, for I do not hold that the ideal dancer is the perfect instrument for the expression of allthat is most perfect in movement. &amp; The ideal dancer, male or female, is able by the strength orgrace of the body to express much of the strength and grace which is in the nature, but itcannot express all, nor a thousandth part of that all. For the same truth applies to the dancer#and to all those who use their own person as instrument. Alas, the human body refuses tobe an instrument, even to the mind which lodges in that body. The sons of Los rebelledand still rebel against their father. The old divine unity, the divine square, the peerlesscircle of our nature has been ruthlessly broken by our moods, and no longer can instinctdesign the square or draw the circle on the grey wall before it. But with a significantgesture we thrill our souls once more to advance without our bodies upon a new road andwin it all back again. This is a truth which is not open to argument, and a truth whichdoes not lessen the beauty which exhales from the dearest singer or the dearest dancer ofall times.To me there is ever something more seemly in man when he invents an instrument whichis outside his person, and through that instrument translates his message. I have a greateradmiration for the organ, for the flute and for the lute than I have for the humanvoice when used as instrument. I have a greater feeling of admiration and fitness whenI see a machine which is made to fly than when I see a man attaching to himself the wingsof a bird. For a man through his person can conquer but little, but through his mind hecan conceive and invent that which shall conquer all things.I believe not at all in the personal magic of man, but only in his impersonal magic. Itseems to me that we should not forget that we belong to a period after the Fall and notbefore it,.... I can at least extract a certain hint from the old story. And though it may beonly a story, I feel that it is just the very story for the artist. &amp; In that great periodprevious to this event we can see in our mind's eye the person of man in so perfect astate that merely to wish to fly was to fly, merely to desire that which we call the impossiblewas to achieve it. We seem to see man flying into the air or diving into the depths andtaking no harm therefrom. We see no foolish clothes, we are aware of no hunger and thirst.But now that we are conscious that this " square deific " has been broken in upon, wemust realise that no longer is man to advance and proclaim that his person is the perfectand fitting medium for the expression of the perfect thought.So we have to banish from our mind all thought of the use of a human form as theinstrument which we are to use to translate what we call Movement. We shall be all thestronger without it. We shall no longer waste time and courage in a vain hope. £? Theexact name by which this art will be known cannot yet be decided on, but it would be amistake to return and look for names in China, India or Greece. We have words enough in ourEnglish language, and let the English word become familiar to the tongues of all the nations.I have written elsewhere, and shall continue to write, all about this matter as it grows inme, and you from time to time will read what I write. But I shall not remove from youthe very difficulty which will be the source of your pleasure; I wish to leave all open andto make no definite rules as to how and by what means these movements are to be shown.This alone let me tell you. I have thought of and begun to make my instrument, andthrough this instrument I intend soon to venture in my quest of beauty. How do I knowwhether I can achieve that or not? Therefore how cari I tell you definitely what are thefirst rules which you have to learn? Alone and unaided I can reach no final results.It will need the force of the whole race to discover all the beauties which are in thisgreat source,.... this new race of artists to which you belong. When I have constructedmy instrument and permitted it to make its first assay I look to others to make likeinstruments. Slowly, and from the principles which rule all these instruments somebetter instrument will be made.I am guided in the making of mine by only the very first and simplest thoughts which I amable to see in movement. The subtleties and the complicated beauties contained in movementas it is seen in nature, these I dare not consider; I do not think I shall ever be able tohope to approach these. Yet that does not discourage me from attempting some of theplainest, barest and simplest movements,.... I mean those which seem to me the simplest, those which I seem to understand. And after I have given activity to those I suppose Ishall be permitted to continue to give activity to the like of them; but 1am entirely consciousthat they contain but the simplest of rhythms.... the great movements will not yet becaptured,no, not for thousands of years. But when they come, great health comes withthem, for we shall be nearer balance than we have ever been before.I think that movement can be divided into two distinct parts,.... the movement of two andfour which is the square, the movement of one and three which is the circle. There isever that which is masculine in the square and ever that which is feminine in the circle.And it seems to me that before the female spirit gives herself up, and with the male goesin quest of this vast treasure, perfect movement will not be discovered; for I believe thatas only the male can conceive and can control that which is contained within the square,only the female can discover that which is contained in the circle.1 like to suppose that this art which shall spring from movement will be the first and finalBelief of the world; and 1 like to dream that for the first [time in the world men and womenwill achieve this thing together. £? How fresh, how beautiful it would be! £/ And as thisis a new beginning it lies before men and before women of the next centuries as a vastpossibility. In men and women there is a far greater sense of movement than of music.Can it be that this idea which comes to me now will at some future date blossom throughhelp of the woman, or will it be as ever the man's part to master these things alone? The musician is a male, the builder is a male, the painter is a male, and the poet is a male.Come now, here is an opportunity to change all this.... But 1 cannot follow the thoughtsany further here, neither will you be able to.Get on with the thought of the invention of an instrument by which means you can bringmovement before our eyes. &amp; When you have reached this point in your developments youneed have no further fear of hiding your feeling or your opinion, but may step forward andjoin me in the search. You will not be a revolutionary against the theatre, for you willhave risen above the theatre and entered into something beyond it. &amp; Maybe you will pursuea scientific method in your search, and that will lead to very valuable results. &amp; There mustbe a hundred roads leading to this point, not merely one, and a scientific demonstration ofall that you may discover can in no way harm this thing. Well, do you see any valuein the thing 1 give you ? If you do not at first you will bye and bye. £&gt; I could not expecta hundred or even fifty,... no, not ten, to understand. But one? It is possible,... justpossible. &amp; &amp;&amp; &amp;&amp; &amp;&amp; &amp;&amp; &amp; What the Actorknows. &amp; The creativepower. &amp; The ideal Actor. The significanceof the face ofIrving. &amp; The Mask as themedium of ex- pression. &amp; He is no mastetof the science (1) See "The Actor &amp; the Uber Marionette " in the April number of " The Mask " 1908, &amp; &amp; He is generalutility man &amp; The rehearsal A strange task, Why a good ex- perience &amp; &amp; The Ideal StageManager &amp; And beyond. &amp; The study of thePlay &amp; &amp; + The Scene &amp; 44 Macbeth " The Form &amp; The Colour &amp; Practice9 ••• loseno time &amp; &amp; A technical Ex- planation. &amp; My early expe- rience. Would-be imita- tors. &amp; The preparationof a play, The costumebooks. Viollet le Due. The movementsof masses. The1 Naturalistic*in Movement. £/ The natural act- ion not alwaysthe right one The word Beau- tiful &amp; its mean- ing' J£? The word ** Effec- tive The "Schooling"of the Actor. Tie ire of Cri- ticismc And the result* The critic's atti- tude. &amp; &amp; Don*t listento Amateurs. &amp; And now " Be- yondf. *} &amp; The Balance Movement The sons of I/OS The name ofthis Art &amp; The square &amp;the circle The first &amp; fnalBelief &amp; MARIONETTES IN VENICE: IAGO - OTHELLO - DESDEMONA E. THESLEFF SARAH BERNHARDT JOHN BALANCE | n Sarah Bernhardt we have the perfect actress. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;She seems to have set out to become perfect in her work and we find she has accomplishedthe task. This can be said of no other woman upon the stage, and, now Irving is nomore, it can be said of no man. Therefore she stands alone in being alone able of all livingpersons to give a perfect exhibition af acting. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; In achieving so difficult, and, one might almost say, so unpleasant, a task, she has shownus that she possesses a directness of purpose which would be remarkable in a man, stillmore remarkable in a woman, and extraordinary in an actress. &amp; &amp;&amp; Thirty years ago she was the first actress in the world and she has kept her place, for shehas advanced as all the others advanced upon her. Her performance in "La Dame auxCamelias " is today a more perfect thing than it was twenty years ago. We may thereforesay that she is now in her prime. But even this is uncertain. We are not sure that shewill not go further. If another and a younger actress should appear and it should be inquestion as to which of the two were the greater, Sarah Bernhardt would advance upon herpresent position and would tell us. &amp; She is firmly persuaded of her power. &amp;&amp; I am one whom it interests but little to go to the theatre for I find there all the signs ofweakness in art—indecision of thought and incompleteness of utterance. The actor isgrandiloquent .or he is amusing; he is easy or he is well dressed or he is handsome* Theactresses are charming, even fascinating, are self possessed, speak well, or are excellentmimics. In some cases they exhibit some depth of emotion. £&gt; Some actresses cry well,have most bewitching tears in their voice, convey the feeling of great sadness or areentirely merry. Some are even delightful comedians, are touching and pathetic: andsome are very womanly. And Bernhardt is every bit of all this before she begins, andwhen she begins we are aware that we are about to see a piece of superlative acting.jg* If it is Bernhardt that she always acts, she has been careful during her life to seethat Bernhardt was everything. Therefore she is not merely a happy spirit, or unhappy, sheis both. She is not merely a pleasant temperament nor merely a grim temperament; she isboth. She alone has seen that to be the perfect actress you must be a perfectly developedwoman. &amp; To most celebrated actresses who are their own managers their task isa tedious one. They shirk three quarters of it. They compromise with what theyfind objectionable in the task and so they are left behind. They seem to me tobe weary, and that is what Bernhardt never seems to be. I have read of herextraordinary capability of being able to work continuously for eighteen or twentyhours or longer, passing from one thing to another with a fresh zest and with clear energy.But I, who have myself had some work for a few years in connection with the theatre, andknow what a confusion is apt to reign there, know that what has been stated of hercapabilities as director has been understated. She has borne the stress of laborious hourswell enough, but what she has borne with best and brought under her control are the doubtswhich must have assailed her as to the value of her task. &amp; x?All actors and actresses talk much about the Art of Acting, but many of these confess bytheir work their doubt as to whether it is an art, and a thankful art. Some of them actunwillingly, some of them seem to have much trouble with those things which surround themwhile at work and which they speak of as being something apart from their art; that is to say, thework of their fellow actors, the play, the scenery, and so on. But with Bernhardt this is not so.I daresay she has not only never been heard to sigh at her work, but has actually neverfelt weariness nor regret. To her Life is work, and she is a stern master,... above all to herself.She never allows herself to shirk difficulties. The play or the scene may not have for her anundue value, but what value they have to her as actress she is always ready to credit them with,I should say that she alone is true in her just admiration of her fellow actors, of the scene painterand of the programme printer. I should say that she alone rightly values the work of thesemen. What is a programme to most great actors or actresses? Quite an extra affair.With Sarah Bernhardt it is part of a whole, part of herself; and 1 suppose that not one programmehas been issued in her theatre that has not come under her direct and careful supervision.Now when we consider this, and when we remember that the programme, the last thing in the theatre, is but one of at least two thousand details which have to be considered, we getsome glimpse of the courage and the coolness of this extraordinary personality. Andremember this; that the great statesman or the great admiral, the great field marshall orthe head of a university, have under them a trained staff of experts. Not so in the theatre,not so Madame Sarah Bernhardt.Consider then for a moment what this means. It means that she has to play the partwhich a general has to play when he is trapped and besieged in a town in a foreign landand with none but native soldiers under him. The world rings with the stories of howthis or that general fought against such odds, has had to manufacture his guns withoutsufficient men to erect them, has had to put up with countless makeshifts; and then he isdecorated for his adroitness, his energy and his bravery. And justly too. Those who goto the theatre know nothing of the odds against which such as Bernhardt has to fight. Theydo not know that there are any difficulties out of the common which have had to be overcome.They do not know of the tremendous odds against the production of even a fairly goodrepresentation. They do not know that the stage of a Theatre is an antiquated and uselessmachine. Therefore let us all praise Bernhardt for her remarkable achievement underthe most astounding obstacles. She has spent her fortunes to crown the name of actress*manager and if there is a better actress than herself to whom the crown should go, such aone has not yet appeared. We call to mind the names of one or two more actresses whohave from time to time created great and lasting impressions, by their performances, and inadjudging the crown to Sarah Bernhardt we in no way give way in our admiration for theperformances of these unique beings. But there are weak places in these others. Theyare not all " actress At times they are so much more women; at other times they areso much more children. Bernhardt is the only actress who is complete at all points, andthat because of her character. &amp;&amp; Some there are who say that the art of the Theatre is no longer known to us, that itdeparted with the Greeks and that a long time must elapse before it returns to us. Othersthere are who begin to see the signs of a Renaissance. But after all has been recordedof the past and all foreshadowed of the future, when we regard the present with itstheatre of vulgarity, its theatre of commerce and its theatre of the emotional personality,we must all hail Sarah Bernhardt as the most courageous and successful traveller, in that savage land, dangerous and almost impassible to all, and fatal to most. The perfectActress. &amp; &amp;he has eve radv anced. &amp; The ActressMan a g ei. &amp; Her attention todetail. &amp; &amp; The odds shehas to fight. &amp; She is completeat all points. &amp; TO Mr ANDREW CARNEGIE JOHN SEMAR Jt was lately stated in the Journals that your interest in the best cause of the Theatre hasbeen awakened. That must mean that you do not look upon the theatre in the samelight as one looks on a means for making a fortune, but that you recognise in the theatrea force, which can make for great good or great evil. The men who in their firstenthusiasm throw their lives into the theatre, do so very often in the belief that it is aglorious place of enchantment and that the stories they have heard about its degradinginfluence are old grandmothers' tales. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;I have seen very many such cases, and in each case the bad influence has prevailedand they lose their liberty, enthusiasm and sense of enchantment; they become vain, ignorantlyselfish, and live in an atmosphere which can be described as the opposite of intelligent.Of Art the Theatre knows and teaches nothing; therefore these men who enter the Theatrehopefully soon abandon that hope. &amp; It takes but few years of this life to rob each manof his Ideals and his courage. He then either degenerates to an out~at=elbows actor or risesto the unenviable position of a modern actor manager. To succeed (that is to say to win aSucces de theatre) a man must compromise his every ideal and must be content with aninsecure but flashily effective external success. It is unnecessary to remind you that inLiterature, Music and Painting the only success to be won is without compromise andby faithfully serving the purest and sweetest principles of Art. It is unnecessary to speakat length of Leonardo, (liotto and the choir of angelic fellows, Donafello, Mantegna, Botticelli,Bach, Gluck, Beethoven—all of whom refused to compromise and who have hated and rehatedall that the modern Actor Manager offers the world as works of Art. I have known but a few men of the Theatre who have preserved their Ideals as artists and have known none who haveremained faithful to them. It may therefore be truthfully stated that no work of Art of theTheatre is today being produced, because there are no men fitted to produce a work of Art.This is the position of the art and institution which you courageously propose to assist.The theatre has gone down and down until it has reached the lowest possible point ofdegeneracy. Doctors propose inadequate remedies. Some of the cures proposed are courageousbut unintelligent. One would save the Art by the introduction of music into the theatre.Thus we have a heroic Wagner wrestling with the impossible. &amp; &amp; &amp;Another would call Literature to its aid, another Painting. All these are no remedies. Allthese things only make the patient less self-reliant, and more irritable. The remedy lies inno outside aid; it lies in the patient himself. His spirit is underfoot, it needs raising to hisheart and head line. He is as a man who dreams he is ill. He has by nature as healthy aconstitution as another, but he has lost his will to think so and his will to take arms againsthis sea of troubles.If then the theatre is to emerge from its present unhealthy and undignified position it mustdo so by the power of its own spirit, that is to say, by the power of its own Art. &amp; &amp;In a book which appeared in 1905 Mr. Gordon Craig stated some of the conclusions he hadarrived at after years of practical experience and study of the whole question of the theatreand its disease. He lightly touched on several points which 1 understand he is treating ingreater detail in a very much larger book that he is now preparing. &amp;One of the points he omitted to write about was the need of a college for the technicalstudy of the Art of the Theatre. He omitted to touch on this subject for reasons; the firstbeing that at the time the book appeared there were several schools for acting in existence,all of which were parodies of the great school which such a study deserves. These schoolswere run either to make money or to obtain young actors and actresses for London orprovincial companies, giving them six months or a year's training, and if any showedaptitude as an actor or actress they would be instantly given a position in a London orprovincial theatre. In fact the shortness of the training given and received was such aswould not even be sufficient to qualify a domestic servant for a situation, much less a manwho is to master the first principal of a very difficult craft.... that of acting. &amp;&amp; Mr Craig therefore feared to speak at all in his book of a school lest his readers shouldinstantly jump to the conclusion that he advocated any existing school; and he could notopenly attack any of these as he had attempted to form an ideal school of his own, and hadfor the moment failed. His school proposed to instruct scholars in the whole Art of the Theatre:not alone in the craft of acting but that of all the divisions such as scene, costume, movement,voice and the larger study of the relationship of one craft to another. He was obliged torelinquish this task for a while for he soon realised that the scholars must not only receivefree tuition but must also be supported free of charge, and this was beyond his powers. Healso found out that those pupils who could pay his fee belonged to an indolent classwho brought with them little energy, and less talent or intelligence; the right intelligencehe found lay in the poorer classes. A further discovery was that out of 50 applications 43 or 45of these would be women.... women who wanted something to do to pass the time: theyoung men who would have joined were obliged, much against their natural inclination, toaccept offices either as clerks or as journalists, as commercial travellers or some such taskdemanding the regularity of the machine. They could not afford to be doing work whichwould bring them no immediate income. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; It is, I think, quite obvious that the theatre will regain its vitality through the men andnot through the women, although some of the latter can be relied on to a great extent;for the whole science of the stage demands an amount of concentration and tenacity ofpurpose which men are better able to bring to it than womeu. A school such as I havehinted at would do much towards eradicating the terrible cancer which preys upon themodern stage.... that is to say, ignorant vanity, which leads to intrigue and insubordination.Such vanity can be eradicated by systematic knowledge and culture, and these are only to beacquired by a long and patient devotion to the principles of the art and a complete and originalstudy of the technic of the stage. Such a study would bring to the pupil a sense of the greatbeauty which still lies fresh at the heart of the great art which now looks so withered.In 1880 Mr Ruskin wrote as follows of the theatre as Institution; 44 Yes, 1 began writing i( something.... a year ago, is it?... on your subject but have lost it, and am now utterly too44 busy to touch so difficult and so important a subject. I shall come to it, some day;" necessarily. Meantime the one thing 1 have to say mainly is, that the idea of making money44 by a theatre and making it educational at the same time is utterly to be got out of people's44 heads. You don't make money out of a ship of the line, nor should you out of a church, nor44 should you out of a college, nor should you out of a theatre. Pay your ship's officers, your44 church's officers, your college tutors, and your theatre tutors what will honorably maintain44 them. Let there be no starring on the stage boards more than on the deck but the broad- 44 side well delivered.&amp; Written 26 years ago this has remained totally disregarded by the managers and actors who,alas, possibly look upon Ruskin as an old noodle. The actor managers of London seem to bemost ignorant of the beauty and the nobility of their trust, although they never cease to speakto the poorer actors about the honour of their calling. The peculiar and individual natureof the art of the theatre is not recognised by them and the theatre is in danger of beingconfounded with the curiosity shop. And not only in England but in America, in Germany,France, Russia, Italy and Holland is this danger imminent. &amp; In Germany there are twotheatres; the State theatre and the private theatre. The former is in the proudly ludicrousposition of active inactivity; it walks while it sleeps and is a danger to itself and the community.The latter is an energetic theatre eager to learn all that is to be learned, but like the childit culls in its ignorance all the blossoms it can lay hands on and plants them in themould expecting to see them take root and instantly bear fruit. The Dutch theatre isentirely stagnant. The theatre of Russia resembles the German theatre and has two divisions.The state theatre slumbers and the theatre of private enterprise although extremely virile ismonstrously Realistic (a sure sign of degeneration). I quote what has been written elsewhereabout this question of Realism in the theatre as it illuminates a dark &amp; dangerous corner. &amp;44 The modern Realistic Theatre forgetful of all the laws of Art, sets out to reflect the times.44 —It reflects a small particle of the times—It drags back a curtain and exposes to our view44 an agitated caricature of Man and his Life—A figure gross in its attitude and hideous to44 look upon. This is neither true to Life nor to Art. It has never been the purpose of44 Art to reflect and make uglier the ugliness of things—but to transform and make the already44 beautiful, more beautiful—and in following this purpose, Art shields us with sweet influences44 from the dark sorrows of our jg? &amp; &amp;44 The modern Realistic Theatre helps to stir up in the people that Restlessness which is44 the enemy of all things. Realism contains the seeds of Revolt and however much the44 heart of the man may lean with sympathy towards those whom fate seems to follow relentlessly44 the artist must never lend his art, with its terrible power of appeal, towards the destruction of44 that just Balance which it is the aim of mankind to preserve. For there is no poison44 more swift than this which eats in to the mind—this false witnessing Realism—this traitor44 to the Imagination—this idolatry of ugliness to which the Realistic theatre would compel us.44 Daring and dangerous—it is a Revolt against the very Laws of the Art of the Theatre.44 Daring because to REPRODUCE nature is an impossibility, Dangerous because it is a threat44 against the well ordered life of the Citizen. Each whisper of Revolt finds an echo in the44 theatre—the gloomy expressions, the shuffling movements—the dark and closed in scenes—44 the spasmodic exclamations of the actors—the strange muffled atmosphere—all these things44 lend themselves to form one sinister impression&amp; Ruskin also has a word of warning to the theatre against this tendency; 44 The modern44 stage is ruined by its realisation of scenery which is contrary to all noble art. A picture,44 whether on canvass or on the stage, should give us an idea, not its realisation &amp;&amp; 1 have spoken of the several theatres of Europe because if you are going to put your powerin the balance against the monstrous modern tendencies, and wish to awaken a fresh andpractical hope in the younger artists of the theatre 1 believe you will have to consider the questionfrom an International point of view. 1 believe that your studies in this direction will bringyou to the point which I have touched upon here; that is to say, that a great college is the firstnecessity; such a college to have branches in all the European &amp; American states so that men(not women, by the way) may be trained all over the Earth, who will, after many years,unite the great capitals of Europe and America by means of an art which has in it the seeds of a universal language.... the language of symbolic movement. &amp; Two alterna- tives &amp; &amp; The presentposition of theArt. &amp; &amp; Where t h eremedy lies. The need of aCollege &amp; &amp; Vitality will heregained throughthe men-wotkeis. Mr. Ruski 12 swarning. Actor Managersdisregard it, £■? dor don Craig &amp; R11 s k 7 n &amp; THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUMEOF THE MERCHANT OF VENICE WITH A NOTE AS INTRODUCTION By THE EDITOR. by Edward W. Godwin. F. S. A. J . SEMAR. I. DESIGN FOR A STAGE SCENE GORDON CRAIG II. III. |n 1875 Mr Edward W. Godwin published in " The Architect " a series of articles entitled "TheArchitecture and Costume of Shakespeare's Plays. " These articles, so far as we know,have never been reprinted, neither have they received the acknowledgement due to them.Written at a period when stage production was anything but correct in matters of detail,they have ever since then proved of great value to the play producers of the London Theatres.Sir Henry Irving, Mr Beerbohm Tree, Mr Augustus Daly, were greatly indebted to theauthor, who may be said to be practically the founder of a very successful period intheatrical production.Whether his teaching has been followed with as much reserve as he wished, and whetherhis fund of knowledge will prove of use to the Art of the Theatre, are matters intowhich we cannot enter here.We would like, however, to draw special attention to the date of these articles and alsoto the fact that the author produced the Merchant of Venice at the Prince of Wales Theatrein the same year, 1875. Some idea of the impression created by this production upon theminds of the audience at that time can be gathered from the words of Mr Beerbohm Tree,, who,in his able address to the Oxford Union Debating Society in 1900 stated that "it was thefirst production in which the modern spirit of stage=management asserted itself, transportingus, as it did, into the atmosphere of Venice, into the rarified realms of Shakespearean Comedy." Since then," he proceeds, "no doubt millions have flocked to this class of production. "It must be gratifying to the managers of today's theatres to feel that the debt they owe to Mr Godwin has been thus repaid...by the public. '"jphe two stories which the poet has here incorporated into one play, viz., that of the Creditor'sRevenge and that of the Caskets, are to be found in the " Gesta Romanorum, " and maybe seen in the English copy, Harl. MSS., No 7,333 written in the reign of Henry VI. In theold story there is nothing to show that the merchant who demands the flesh as the forfeitureof the bond is a Jew, and in the tale of the Three Caskets it is a woman, and not a man,who makes the fortunate selection. Both tales, doubtless, have descended from an easternsource, and no more belong to the " Gesta Romanorum, " or even to the fourteenth centuryMS., "II Pecorone, " (1) than they do to the " Percy Ballads, " or to Shakespeare. No doubtcan exist as to the time of the action. The text contains no reference of any kind to anything outside the author's personal knowledge, and no mention of any office or person whichcould connect the play with any other period than that in which it was written. Theimprobabilities—I may say impossibilities—of these two fictions having any foundation in thehistory of any European city during the sixteenth century are self=evident. The very dawnof commercial enterprise would be even too late for the two great barbaric events of theplay—the fiesh«forfeit and the trial by casket. In fact, the Merchant of Venice, as far as itsdouble plot is concerned, but in that only, is as unreal as a drama of this nature can wellbe, and in this respect affords a striking contrast to the realism of Othello. There remains,therefore, not a shadow of a reason for placing the date of the action earlier than 1590, aquite possible date for the dramatic creation, or later than 1598, the actual date of its entryat Stationers' Hall. (2) For a reason, which will appear hereafter, I take the year 1590 as thedate best suited for the stage representation of this play. The season of the year is manifestlyneither summer nor winter; it is certainly not dark before 4 p. m. in summer, even in anarrow Venetian street, and in winter Jessica and Lorenzo would scarcely sit on grass banksat midnight. Again, a small farmer or miller, be his name Gobbo or anything else, wouldhave more respect for his birds than to kill them in spring time; and so we may reasonablyaccept the three months of autumn as the time of the action.The architectural scenery, divided between Venice and Belmont, may be said to consist, atthe most, of five scenes, viz.: Venice. — 1. A street or public place.2. The street before Shylock7s house.3. A Court of Justice.Belmont.— 4. A grand hall.5. A garden.The short third Scene of the second Act contains nothing but what might just as well besaid on the doorstep of Shylock7s house as inside a room, so that this may be included inthe scene numbered 2 in the above list.So, too, I see scarcely any reason why the talk between Portia and Nerissa in the secondScene of the first Act, or the fourth Scene of the third Act, should not have happened inthe grand hall or apartment where the caskets are placed. If there were choice floweringshrubs placed in this room so that the lady and her maid might busy themselves about themwhile they are conversing, and if a corridor at the back of the hall led from some otherpart of the house into the garden, so that one might pass the hall of the caskets withoutnecessarily entering it, there is nothing in the text of these two scenes inconsistent with theirbeing located in the same room as the more important casket scenes. The scene in theabove list marked 5, although described as a garden in Act iii. Sc. 5, and an avenue inAct v., ought to be more or less architectural. If we wish still further to abridge our stockof scenery, the scenes Nos. 1 and 2 may be easily made one, and we shall thus have broughtthe play into the compass of four set scenes. The first, i.e., the public place orstreet in Venice might then beplanned, as shown in the annexeddiagram, where A is Shylock'shouse. B, the public place, with afountain or well; C, canals; D, apent=house; E, narrow streets; F,Gothic and late Byzantine houses;G, a Renaissance public building,with arcades; H, early Byzantinebuildings; and M, N, the procenium.In such a scene as this, of courseit is very evident that everythingmay be built out, and so we shouldavoid the violence too often done to artistic minds by the false perspective that arises in the combination of structural andpainted scenery. And now, as to the architecture. &amp;It is essential first of all that the scene-painter should bear well in mind that in 1590 Venicewas neither a city of palaces nor a cityr of ruins, and that along her canals and streetstwo great styles of art, broadly speaking, prevailed, and a third was gradually usurping theplace of both; these three styles were the Byzantine, the Gothic, and the Renaissance. Tothe first belong the great church of St. Mark, the churches of Murano and Torcello, sundrypalaces, notably the Ca7 Farsetti, the Ca7 Loredan, the Fondaco de7 Turchi, and a smallhouse in the Rio de Ca7 Foscari. To the second belong the church of the Frari, and thoseof SS. Giovanni e Paolo, the Madonna dell'Orto, St. Stephano, and others, as well as aperfect crowd of palaces and houses, of which those of the Doge, the Foscari, the Giustiniani,the Palazzo Badoer, the Palazzo Cicogna, the Palazzo Persico, and the Ca7 d7Oro arecharacteristic examples. To the third belong the Scuola of St. Mark, that of St. Rocco, theInner court of the Ducal Palace, and among the many houses of this style we may especiallynote those of the Grimani, the Vandramini, the Cornaro, the Trevisano, the Camerlinghi,the Library of St. Mark, and lastly the canal front of the prison begun in 1589. Broadlyspeaking, this last»mentioned style obtained from as early as 1485; the Gothic style prevailedduring the thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth centuries, overlapping the early Renaissanceeven to as late as the sixteenth century, and the Byzantine takes us back two hundredyears more through the twelfth century palace, Fondaco de7 Turchi. to the basilica of Torcello,built in 1,000, and the church of St. Mark founded in 977.in the compass of a short Paper, and without help from illustrations, it is quite impossible to give any notion of the great variety of fenestration and detail seen in the rise, development,and fall of Venetian Gothic from the semi-Byzantine severity of the uncusped stilted archesof transitional examples, through simple pointed work of even greater severity, having astrong likeness to the refined early Gothic of Verona, down to the full establishment of theO.G, headed opening, ranged at first singly and in small groups, then extended and combinedwith tracery, once large and noble, as in the early fourteenth century work of the Doge'spalace and in a small house near the Ca' d'Oro, but finally wearing itself out in weakreiteration. Photographs of the old houses of Venice are so readily to be had, that theonly difficulty left to a scene-painter is the archaeological one—that of recognising anydeductions or additions in detail that may have been made to any Mediaeval house since 1590.Moreover, the red brick of Venice is full of such charming colour, and the weather stainsupon the stone and marble give such delicious tone to these materials, that one hesitatesto write a word that would tend to dispel the vision. But yet, if we desire to realise the Venice of Shakespeare, we shall have to cover most of thebrick with veneer of marble, either plain or in coloured diaper, or with stucco decoratedwith painted diapers, and the few exceptions to this rule would be the very smallest andpoorest houses and the earliest of the Byzantine works. Again, the weather stains on atraceried palace of 1450 would be very different in 1590 from what they were in 1870. Besides,Venice was then in the full swing of the pride of life, and the very notion of decay ordilapidation must have been hateful to her, all the more hateful from an occasional gleamof consciousness that her power was already rapidly decaying and that her pride, satisfactionand self-sufficiency were hastening her, as they had hastened other States (and as they mayin the end bring ours) to utter and irretrievable ruin. Another point for the scene-painterto bear in mind is that the streets and open places were usually paved with red brickarranged in simple patterns, and most commonly in that known as herring-bone. Such, Mr.Lonsdale tells me, was the original pavement under the arches of the Ducal Palace whichhe happened to see some few years ago, when excavation was being made round thefoundations of one of the pillars.A third very important thing to remember in connection with the Venice of the merchantAntonio is the universality of applied colour as distinguished from the parti-colouredconstruction adopted by the rest of Western Europe. The coloured marble pattern on theDucal Palace was by no means a solitary example; indeed there is still to be seenon another building, in the Grand Canal a pattern very like it and the Ca'd'Gro's red-and- white square marble diaper was at one time far from being singular. In houses of lesspretension the stucco was painted in two or three simple earth colours, with small diapers,one of these consisting of a series of quatrefoils enclosing circles with angels between thequatrefoils is figured in the second volume of Mr Ruskin's 4&lt; Stones of Venice. " Set Intothis field of softened and almost natural-toned colour came the glistening white marbleshafts and arches of the windows, each window or group of windows framed by an edgingof marble. Gold was applied to such details as the cusps, the carving, and the edges ofthe mouldings; bright bits of colour nestled in the background of the sunk work, and notunfrequently medallions of porphyry and serpentine enriched the plain surfaces between thearch-line and the rectangular frame. In the smaller houses we may note that one of a groupof window openings is sometimes larger than the others in the same group, and was probablyso made in order to afford an entry to the balcony of convenient size.But perhaps the most characteristic element of the domestic architecture of Venice—onetoo which can be traced through all styles, round-arched or pointed—is the plan of thefacade, which, in the vast majority of cases, was arranged with a centre and two side wings,not formed by projections, but by the centre being of such open construction as resultsfrom the use of arcades or groups of windows one over the other, and the wings built aswalls pierced by single or detached windows. It should be remembered also that the oldglass was usually leaded-up in circles, and other plain geometric forms, a,nd set in woodframes, with one or more cross bars fixed behind the stonework and clear of the shafts.Again the old balconies had nearly always animals or finials carved 011 the top of theprojecting angles. Their boundaries, too, were by no means governed by the windows theyserved, for we find them extending sometimes to a portion of the group, sometimes onlyto the side openings, and sometimes only to the central one. &amp; &amp; &amp; Having said this much, I would venture to select for the street scene, in the diagram No,i, the following buildings as guides to the blocks indicated by the letters, A, F, G, and H;A. The Palazzo Badoer. (Painted stucco on walls.)F. The Palazzo Giusfiniani, the Fondaco de* Turchi, the Ca' d'Oro. (Showingthree modes of surface ornamentation—stucco, white marble with lowreliefs, and coloured marble diaper.)G. The Library of S. Mark (new white stone) or the Prison.H. The semi-Byzantine house in the Corte del Remer (marble and brick *veneered) or the work at Murano and Torcello.The next Scene I have to note is the Court of Justice. The text shows that the case ofShylock v. Antonio was one that had awakened very unusual interest even among thehighest; but if the text had said nothing about the Doge and the Magnificoes Using theirinfluence before the trial, if we had not known that Bassanio was a nobleman, Antonio aprincely merchant in a city of merchants, we should still be bound to suppose that a vastpublic excitement must have been raised throughout the Republic from the strange natureof the horribly revengeful suit instituted by the plaintiff. Nor was this a criminal proceedingor State trial that would be likely to be heard in a private or even in a quasi-privatemanner, Although it might have involved a life, the case was after all nothing more thana civil action arising out of a breach of contract wherein the penalty clause was manifestlyan unusual and as it happened an illegal one—a sort of thing with which nearly everymodern architect is more or less familiar, Now of the various public rooms in the Palaceit seems to me that the most likely place to be selected for the hearing of such a causecelebre would be the largest apartment available, for we may be quite sure that not onlyTubal and Chus, but many other rich Jews, would gather round Shylock in (as they thought)his day of triumph, whilst Antonio's losses and imminent peril must have excited not only thecommiseration of the State, but of every noble-minded Christian in Venice. It is becauseof this that I would select as the real Scene of the fourth Act the Sala del MaggiorConsiglio, but as this hall measures no less than 154 by 74 feet, it is next to impossibleto represent it in anything like the dignity of its true size on any stage other thanexceptionally large ones. Nor can we well give a fragment of it by following the coursesuggested for the treatment of Westmister Abbey in the first scene of Henry VI, inasmuchas the Doge and the Magnificoes would necessarily have their seats arranged centrally inthe 74 feet. Failing this room we must have recourse to the Sala dello Scrutinio—a fairlylarge room of the Sansovino series, decorated by the paintings of Tintoretto, Marco Vecellio,and some others of a date later than our story. Good photographs of the principal roomsin the ducal palace may be bought at a cheap rate, so that the youngest scene-painter neednot err in the general architectural character of this scene. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;The setting of it on the stage is altogether another question, and is one of the most difficultproblems among the scenic questions of Shakspere's plays. We have to maintain the dignityof the strict court of Venice, to find room not only for the Doge and the Magnificoes, butfor officials who might attend as senators, magistrates, doctors of law, the assessor-general,&amp;c.; we have to provide for a crowd of lawyers—some of them young men -so that Portiamay not appear too singular: we must not forget the question " Which is the merchanthere and which the Jew ? " showing that both plaintiff and defendant were absorbed in thetwo opposing crowds of Christians and Israelites; and we must remember, that althoughthe secret tribunal of the Council of Ten had its fearful power somewhat curtailed in 1582,its servants were still to be seen watching and listening wherever two or three weregathered together. Considering all the circumstances of the case 1 again propose a diagonalset for this scene, as shown in diagram II, where M N represents the proscenium, D theraised platform for the Doge, Magnificoes, &amp;c., B the seat for Bassanio among the nobles,S and A positions of plaintiff and defendant, H Portia, F official entrance, E E publicentrances, C seat for the assessor-general, 0 O halberdiers, and H group of esquires of theDoge. Now it is, 1 hope, manifest that having placed the officials and dignitaries, anenormous concourse of the general public can easily be indicated by very small (if wellorganised) groups near the entrances E E, especially at that near N. &amp; &amp;The fittings should be of sumptuous carved wood almost covered with gilding; the chairsof the same description and of the peculiarly Venetian form then used, the seat being fastened! into planks, one in front,the other behind, and the back formedof a third plank all sufficently thickto allow of carving in high relief. Thetable for the lawyers might have arich cover of crimson velvet reachingto the floor, bnt cut up at the anglesand fastened by a number of long loopsof gold lace or braid, as may be seenin pictures of the time. On the tablewe might see the folios of the statutesof Venice with their magnificentbindings and gilded clasps; inkstandsof bronze, chased andmoulded of circu- lar form and of about the size of the common lead office-inkstand of the present day; theportfolios of the lawyers and " learned doctors, " 12 to 18 inches squares, beautifully worked inleather, and, at least, one of the characteristic damascened candlesticks of the period (for ifShylock had signed in the Court it would have been necessary also to have sealed). The deed orbond, the scales, the knife, the letter from old Bellario, and the coffer containing Portia's9,000 ducats, are little things about which there need never be any mistake. The bondwould be on a small strip of vellum, well creased and tearable at the creases, the scaleswere just the same as they are now, Shylock, being a merchant in jewels and preciousmetals, would have probably brought his own private scales; the knife was doubtless theglaive-shaped instrument then common: the letter was folded longwise, with the directionin one corner, tied with silk and sealed; the coffer might be like any one af the manysixteenth century Italian coffers in the Kensington Museum, and the halberds may be foundat South Kensington and in pictures by Veronese in our National Gallery. 4?In the house at Belmont we have to consider only the state room or hall in which thecaskets were deposited. Referring to what I have already said as to its generel arrangementfor the purpose of getting all the interior scenes at Belmont in one set-scene, and assuming,as we have every right to assume, that Portia was descended from noble and rich ancestors,and that her house would naturally be one among the works of the first century of therevival, we may fairly take counsel with such artists as D. Ghirlandajo (M5I-I495) and Bazzi (1480=1549), or such architectsas Michelozzo (1402=1470) or GiulioRomano (1492 = 1546) in designingor arranging this room. On thisbasis I would suggest for this scenean architectural arrangementsomewhat like that indicated inDiagram III., where M N is theproscenium, A the platform for thecaskets, B an ascending staircase,and C a corridor (open to thegarden if required). The arches ofthe arcade round the room may be hung with curtains, having large patterns in broad stripes, like those preserved in theKensington Museum, and above the main arcade may be a smaller open arcade, as shownin one of Bali's paintings, published by the Arundel Society. For the decorations, andthe colour of them, we have abundant material at our disposal. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;In looking at the furniture of the time we shall find that the candies or lights were heldin sconces of repousse metal, brackets and lamps suspended from the ceiling. Chineseporcelain vases for flowers, some carved and gilded chests, a table and chairs of the samedescription, cabinets, Limoges enamels, mirrors, majolica, lapis lazuli cups, crystals, Easternrugs, a movable clock, Murano glasses, antique statues, and a parrot or somelovebirds in a cage, or on a stand, may be brought in to help clothe the scene. Amongthe musical instruments we may have the violin, tambourine, harp, and theorbo, all illustrated ifi Poliphilus, and some specimens of which may he seen at South Kensington, Nor shouldwe forget whilst on the subject of music that madrigals would be as familiar in thehousehold at Belmont as they were in most of the Elizabethan houses, Luca Marenzio andGio. Croce wrote their charming madrigal music in the second half of the sixteenth century:PaSestrina wrote in 1590 and Gironimo Converse in 1580, When the madrigals of Shakspere'stime can be got at Novel!o's for ssd. each, there can be no possible excuse if the characteristicmusic of the age is omitted when the text or stage business suggests its introduction. &amp;But whether a theatrical manager does or does not attend to these things; whether hewishes to do right, or whether, owing to the profound ignorance respecting the manners,customs, and general surroundings of any past time which distinguishes the modern stageand its patrons," he thinks it a matter of very small moment, one thing he must do,and that is, provide three caskets. Now, for these things the style which was the mostcostly and the most sumptuous in the lifetime of Lady Portia's father was that introduced fromDamascus, and which has always gone under the name of damascened work. Iron or steelcaskets, most elaborately wrought with sharp mouldings and carvings, were covered on theplain surfaces with rich ornament pressed in of gold or silver, and in the examples beforeus the sides of the caskets might be pannelled, and in each panel repousse work of goldand silver for two of them, and cast work of lead for the third. It is true that armourhad been damascened in the fifteenth century, but it was not until the sixteenth centurythat anything like high perfection was attained. The damascened iron mirror at Kensington(bought for 1,2811.) was manufactured at Milan about 1550 for the royal family of Savoy,and it seems to me quite unnecessary to adduce any further instance in proof of the veryhigh position maintained by the damascene artists. Fair Portia's counterfeit that Bassaniotakes from the leaden casket would be probably enclosed in a flat wide frame of the samestyle of art, or of walnut inlaid with rich patterns of ivory, mother-of-pearl, lapis lazuli,&amp;c.; or it might be of soft wood (willow, lime, or sycamore) elaborately carved and gilded.The table might be covered with velvet hanging down on two sides, some light Easternfabric laid over the caskets, and the curtains made of silver or gold cloth suspended froma canopy of the same material, with cut valence fringe and tassels.The fifth Act, and indeed the whole episode of the rings, might very well be omitted inmodern stage representation. The banter is of a kind which was riot unusual in Elizabethansociety, but which now either falls flat from a want 9f that kind of perception which neednever be supplied or gives rise to thoughts not perhaps even coarse when the state ofsociety allows them free utterance, but bad and utterly so when it is thought proper tocover them up. Still, if the last act be performed, 1 would refer the scenic-artist to theadmirable engravings of Italian gardens with their fountains, covered alleys, terraces,arcades, &amp;c., to be found in the work on perspective by Frisius, published in 1568.The Costumes of the Merchant of Venice I reserve for another article. The date of thesearticles. &amp; Two Stories inone Play. &amp; m? The da t e o fthe Actio 11 . The Scenery. Venice in 15QO. The old homesof Venice &amp; Applied colour. The plan of thefacade &amp; &amp; The c ourt ofjustice. The setting ofthis scene. &amp; Stage Properties The scene atBelmont. The furniture ofthe time. &amp; &amp; The music. The caskets. The fifth Act. (1) Milan, A. D. 1558.(2) A play called the " Venesyan Comedy " was In 15,94. REALISM AND THE ACTOR.AN INTERNATIONAL SYMPOSIUM J. S. series of visits which the Sicilian Players are payingto all the European capitals, exhibiting an unfamiliarphase of realism in theatrical art which is almost primitivein character, has once more called public attention to certainquestions as to the relation between realism and the stage.Believing that we could best serve the interests of thetheatre by collecting and publishing expert opinions onRealism and the Actor we framed three questions to which we solicited answers from some of the students of the Theatre. We wondered whetheranyone would reply in the affirmative to the second question, " In your opinion should theActor be allowed the same liberty in his expression of the Passions as is permitted to theWriter or the Painter? for we recalled to mind the many subjects or moods which thepoets and painters have treated realistically and we wondered whether anyone would holdthat the same liberty should be permitted on the stage; liberty, first in choice of subjectand secondly in treatment. We mean, of course, those subjects which the masters ofpainting and literature always chose as their favourites, those religious moments in thelives of the saints, those profane moments in the lives of the demons and those all too" human ** moments in the lives of men and women. &amp; &amp; &amp;We call to mind some of those moments;—The Annunciation; The Last Supper; The BirthOf Eve; The Expulsion from Eden; The Nativity; The Crucifixion; The Agony in the Garden;The Last Judgement; The Birth of Venus; Perseus and Andromeda; Samson and Delilah;Lucretia; The Creation of Man; The Triumphs of Bacchus; The Birth of Pan; Salome andJohn the Baptist: Judith and Hollofernes. These questions, with the replies sent, are tobe found below. We may perhaps be excused in saying that our questions are made as simpleas possible, so that the mind of the English reader shall not be confused. The outcry raised insome of the English journals against the Realism of the acting of the Sicilians, and of SignoraMimi Auguglia's performances in particular gives us reason to believe that it was time tohave a clear definition of what Realism in acting consists of, and whether it is a wise andbeautiful thing to see upon a stage, shown in the same way as we see it in Painting andLiterature. The Three Questions are as follows.I. Do you consider Realism in acting to be a frank representationof human nature? &amp;II. In your opinion should the Actor be allowed the same libertyin his expression of the Passions, as is permitted to the Writeror the Painter? &amp; &amp;III. Do you think that Realism appeals to the General Public oronly to a limited section of Playgoers? £?We call to mind the wonderful books we have read: The Books of St Matthew, St Mark,St Luke and St John; the Vision of Heaven and Hell by Dante; The Temptation of St Anthonyby Flaubert; The book of Genesis, The Thousand and One Nights; The story of Gargantua,and many more, and it remains for us a very grave and difficult question and one to whichwe can answer neither yes nor no, as to whether these should serve as themes for stagerepresentations, no matter whether the treatment be realistic or idealistic.But because we can as yet give no answer, it makes it all the more interesting to solicitreplies from those better equipped to speak. From these replies we gather that the majorityare in favour of the same liberty of expression for the stage and its actors as that possessedby the painters and poets, and that they are eager to see upon the stage the frank realisticrepresentation of plays founded on the stories from the New Testament, from the stories ofVenus, Jupiter and the Deities of the ancient world, and from such themes as those treatedby Correggio, Titian, Hogarth, Burns. Michelangelo, Blake, Whitman, Goethe, Cranach, Rembrandt, Jan Steen, Goya, Velasquez, Manet, Whistler, Verlaine, Tolstoi, Botticelli, Boccaccio,Dante and an innumerable collection of poets and artists of the world's history; that theywould consider it an excellent thing if such themes were allowed to be placed before thepublic in the modern theatres. We would put but one other question to those who haveanswered the second question in the affirmative, and it is this:.... "Do you approve of cuttingout certain passages from the works of Shakespeare as being unfit for the ears of theGeneral Public and have you ever done so yourself, ....and why? " We hardly expect anyanswers to this question though we should welcome the further oppportunity of going more deeply into an important, and, to us, a very serious and difficult problem. THE QUESTIONS. I. Do you consider Realism in acting to be a frank representationof human nature?II. In your opinion should the Actor be allowed the same libertyin his expression of the Passions, as is permitted to the Writeror the Painter ?III. Do you think that Realism appeals to the General Public oronly to a limited section of Playgoers? JZ? THE ANSWERS. Tommaso Salvini FlorenceI. I believe that the pure and simple realism has no value on the stage if not adorned andguided by Art.II. The same liberty that is permitted to the Writer or the Painter is allowed the Actorprovided he is a rigorous observer of decorum.III. Use the realism always subordinate to Art in the different characters that one represents.It can appeal to all the Publics. &amp; £&gt;Sydney Grundy LondonI. Realism, in anything, is frank. But it is the antithesis of Art.^II. Most certainly not. The Actor is flesh and blood. The Writer is printer's ink, and thePainter is coloured canvas.III. It appeals to an insignificant section of deadheads and degenerates and is one of the cursesof the Drama.n ifuwwiibiminiaiiiwirniimiMmm■ 1 rwawwaw.ntiirii.^r.,********M. Antoine ParisJ'estime que le passage a Paris de Grasso et da sa Compagnie aura une influence serieusesur nos artistes. II nous a rappele, avec un talent magistral, que la vie et la sinceritesont les plus beaux moyens d'expression d'un acteur. J'ai trop combattu pour le realismepour que vous puissiez douter que mon absolue conviction est qu' il est la source essentiellede toute beaute.... non le realisme etroit mais l'observation de la vie et de la nature. Zolaa dit, " L'oeuvre d'art est l'expression de la nature a travers tin temperament. " Rien deplus profond et de plus fecond que cette parole de notre grand professeur d'energie. " H. Beerbohm Tree LondonI. Obviously. &amp;II. Why Not? JZ?III. To all.... But the representation of realismand of passions should be governed by art. Carl Hentschel LondonI- No. &amp; J&amp; &amp; &amp;II. Yes as long as he idealises theseexpressions of the Passions in the sameWay as the Writer or Painter. &amp;III. Will never appeal to the General Public;to a limited section of Playgoers, yes.^ Arthur Symons LondonI. Realism should not, and happily could not, exist on the stage. Realism on the stage is animpossibility,H. AH art is magnetism. The greatest art is a magnetism through which the soul reachesthe soul. There is another terrible, authentic art through which the body communicates itsthrilling secrets. This art is possessed by the Sicilian Auguglia, beyond any other actress,and she is justified in using it. &amp;III. The third question is a matter of no importance. JO Andre Beaunier ParisI. Je considere le realisme, au theatre ou ailleurs, comme une pretention vaine, une fautede gotit et une erreur esthetique. &amp;H. Au the&amp;tre, la pretention r£aliste me parait plus niaise et plus choquante qu'ailleurs. Usauront beau faire: ils jouent la comedie dans un decor qui n'a que trois murs, et nonquatre; ils sont en pleine convention. &amp;HI. Cela pose, la troisieme question n'a plus d'objet. &amp; &amp; Gertrude Eysold BerlinI. No. &amp; &amp;II. Yes. &amp;III. To everybody. J&amp; &amp; &amp; Herman Bahr &amp; BerlinI. Yes.II. Yes.| 111. To the General Public. Loie Fuller ParisI. Do you consider Realism in acting to be a true representation of human nature? Whatelse can be true or....frank?II. By "truth " and " frankness " the word " allowed" cannot appear: these things are acommon right which no one can gainsay. For here nature asserts herself and establishesher right and so proclaims the " law " and real laws we obey, we cannot direct them IHI. What a question. You might as well ask if there is such a thing as a limited sectionof Playgoers! Shakespeare is real., if the actors are not, and does he not appeal to all. Thepioneer of an unknown thing, by his discovery establishes a fact. The Sicilians can I thinkquote this. A figure in wax, however well it is made, does not give us the same sensationsthat the real thing would: or, could it be so well produced that our senses, (through theimpression made upon the mind) would respond to the imitation as to the real. In any casethe law, (written or unwritten) is that no imitation of whatever kind can possess the valueof the real. Why then should " acting" play a better part than the rest? Art is the imitationof nature, or of man's handiwork; never can its value equal that of the real. By valueone means its worth in truth, not money, for the latter misleads yesterday, today andtomorrow. There is no doubt that real feeling, really expressed, can never be replacednor confounded by its imitation, however perfect that imitation may be. &amp; &amp; Jan Klaassen EmmerickDear Sir, You cannot expect me to have any sympathy for Realism in any form of Art, leastof all in the Theatre. My whole life has been given to demonstrating that the actor is anunfortunate hinderance to the Art of the Stage on account of his actuality. I have neverbeen able to understand the illogical situation of the Modern Theatre. The wJhole Art iscomposed of contradictory elements. On the one hand we have verse,.... a poetic and certainlyunnatural mode of speech, as in (loethe, Shakespeare, Caulderon: and on the other handan attempted prosaic or " natural " utterance on the part of the actor. Again, we composeour scenes of unreal canvas and paint, thereby making either suggestions or imitations ofactual things, and amongst these walks our real figure, by no means either a suggestionor an imitation of an actual being. The mixture of actuality and unreality creates a semeof artificiality, and this makes a parody of Art. In no Art is there a confusion of actualityand fancy. 1 could accept the actor if his surroundings were actualities, or I could acceptthe cardboard scenery if the figures were also cardboard. I cannot accept the two togetherfor they create a situation which is utterly falser &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; J&amp; SHAKESPEARE MEMORIALA National Theatre THE EARL OF LYTTON PRESIDED AT A MEETING, HELD AT THE LYCEUM,ON TUESDAY AFTERNOON, IN SUPPORT OF THE PROPOSAL TO MARK THESKAKESPEARE TERCENTENARY BY ERECTING A NATIONAL THEATRE. How difficult it has been to bring about this meeting anyonecan guess by recalling that it is close upon three hundredyears since Shakespeare died. And now that the meetinghas been brought about all should be well, J® Here arethe resolutions which were all carried unanimously withbut one dissenting voice,... that of an unnamed gentlemanon the platform who rose to speak but was told to keepquiet. ® J® J® J® J® J® J®FIRST RESOLUTION. Proposed by the Right Hon. A.Lyttelton K.C. M.P. and seconded by Sir John Hare. J®That this meeting is in favour of a National Theatre asa Memorial to Shakespeare. J® J® J® J® "Oh ye gods, must I endure all this?1' Shakespeare. \® J® J® &amp;SECOND RESOLUTION. &amp; Proposed by Mr Arthur Pinero and seconded by Mr T.P.O' ConnorM.P. That the committee of this demonstration is hereby appointed as a committee withpower to add to its number, and is instructed to draft a scheme for a national theatre. J®" What is your plot? 11 Shakespeare. J® U® J® J® J® J® &amp;THIRD RESOLUTION, J® Proposed by Mr J. Comyns Carr and seconded by Justice Madden,Vice-Chancellor of the Dublin University. 4® That a committee is hereby appointed invitingthe co-operation of the provincial cities and organising meetings for the formation of aNational Theatre Society and the collection of subscriptions. J® J® J® J®" How high"A pitch his Resolution soars! 11 Shakespeare. J® J® J® J®FOURTH RESOLUTION. &amp; Proposed by Mr W.C. Steadman M.P. and seconded by GeorgeBernard Shaw. &amp; That the committee appoint a deputation to wait on the Prime Ministerand the London County Council with a view to seeking their support for the proposal fora National Theatre. S® " Angels and ministers of grace defend us! " Shakespeare. J®The Earl of Lytton spoke graciously; j® The Right Hon. A. Lyttelton, as only the Right Hon.A Lyttelton can speak. And then Mr. Comyns Carr spoke and Mr Pinero spoke a great dealand Mr Bernard Shaw much too little. Mr Granville Barker's name received a roundof applause. Sir John Hare spoke famously in that he stated that " The stage is stillunfortunately chaotic and ineffective. Day by day and year by year unfortunately the workof the theatre is becoming more and more a trade than an art" j® No one denied the statement.And what is there left to say ? Very much indeed, but not now. We have only to see howthe Committee intends to achieve the impossible. J® For there is one impossibility here,and only one. J® No Committee, no Society ever created a Work of Art. No national Theatreever created one either. J® How then will this committee and this national Theatre benefitthe country? J®J®J®J®J®J®J®^®J®J&amp;" O, well done! I commend your pains,And every one shall share V the gains.And now about the cauldron sing,kike elves and fairies in a ring,Enchanting all that you put in. "£ ha. k e &amp; p e are BOOK REVIEWS POETIC RECITALS &amp; js&gt;Being an Enquiry into the prevalentapathy towards Poetry, together with aplea lor Rythmic Utterance, by MaxPlowman.Headley Brothers, Ash ford, Kent. &amp;\X7e have grown so much accustomed tothe idea, fostered in the mindsespecially of literary men by their Publishers,that the public does not care for poetry,that we have come to accept it as a platitudeand hardly to be questioned. &amp;Mr Plowman, in this little pamphlet, discussesthe reasons for this phenomenon, thetendency which it indicates, and suggestswherein the remedy might lie. He definesPoetry as 44 an expression of the emotions oflife by means of the noblest use of words ",and goes on to add that 44 since fromBillingsgate to Stratford-on-Avon all havesought to express emotion through the mediumof words, all are more or less susceptible tothe pleasure of giving that expression asperfectly as language permits ". &amp;Mr Plowman attributes the present neglectof Poetry, the indifference of the peopleregarding it, to the stress of modern life;but we cannot quite agree with him whenhe cites the " inglorious case of America "as a proof that 44 a nation living in anatmosphere of literalism, cannot by reasonof the very air it breathes produce greatpoetry. Would Mr Plowman refuse the titleof 44 great Poetry " to the work of Poe andWhitman? And is he so sure of the 'literalism'of the AmericansMr Plowman's plan to stimulate the " faint- hearted love of poetry " would take the formof Public Readings, and he cites MatthewArnold's method, not of discussing anddefining the poems with his audiences, butof leaving the lines by their beauty to wintheir way themselves.As for the intrusion of the personality of thereader or reciter, it may be true that in thecase of theatrical verse it adds to ourenjoyment; but Mr Plowman shows a rightintuition of the truth when he writes, 44 inthe case of sublime poetry all that is neededis the interpretation of simple and sincerediction ", and, 44 until it is recognised thatpoetry appeals to the heart and mind throughthe ear alone, all the insults that are heapedupon it by making it the sport of amateurand professional contortionists will continue". One wonders why the poets do not themselvesrealise this; why they press so eagerly intothe Theatre and allow the sound and senseof their beautiful words to be mutilated by theactors, letting attention be distracted fromtheir meaning by a counter appeal to theeye which confuses if it does not weaken,the pleasure of the ear.Mr Plowman's thoughtful study makes ushope for further work from his pen, THE ENGLISH PASTORAL DRAMAby Jeannnette Marks,(Methuen, Loudon.Jnphis book, which treats of the English* Pastoral Drama from the Restoration tothe Date of the Publication of the 44 LyricalBallads " (1660-178) contains much interestinginformation and bears evidence of carefulresearch, not only into the particular periodunder consideration but also into earlierexamples of this dramatic form from the timeof Theocrites and Virgil onwards. The authoradvances, (though she admits with hesitation)the theory that 44 the inception of the pastoralplay lay not in the latter half of the fifteenthcentury, but three hundred years beforeChrist, with the idyls of the great Sicilianpoet ". The volume contains a chapter of44 Definitions ", gathered phrases in whichFontanelle, Pope, Steele, Johnson and otherssummed up their beliefs as to what constituteda pastoral play. Subsequent chapters treatof 44 Stage settings ", 44 Plays and Operas ",and, in conclusion, of the decline and deathof the Pastoral at the end of the 18th century.Appended is a comprehensive Bibliography ofItalian, Spanish and English Plays and ofcritical works relating to them. We hopethat the author will turn her attention nextto a subject of still greater interest,.... theMasques, not only of England but of Italyand Spain, in which is to be found so muchtrue beauty for both the eye and ear. PLANETARY JOURNEYS ANDEARTHLY SKETCHES D.N.L. by GeorgeRaffalovich. &amp; &amp; &amp;Arnold Fair bairns &amp; Co. Fondon.Mr JRaffalovich in liis dedication explains thescope of this collection of sketches when hesays " 1 did not intend to prove anything,only to shape a few dreams and help othersto realise that the conceptions of theimagination may be realities, and that wemust not be too proud of being humancreaturesOne of the author's fantasies takes the formof a journey to a neighbouring planet incompany with two of the inhabitants who,having wandered to our earth, conduct himwith them to visit theirs. &amp; &amp;Amongthe characteristics which he attributesto these strange beings is their silence." Conversation makes us somewhat tiredexplains one of them; "we have not thehabit of talking we will answer withgestures " I endeavoured to explain tothem " goes on the author, " that with us also speech was tending to become of lessimportance; that we no longer held it in sohigh esteem as did the Greeks and Romans.They, even those of the lowest class, wouldhave hissed an orator who lengthened orshortened a syllable out of place ". &amp;Inthis they certainly had the advantage of us,with whom slovenly modes of speech are notonly contenanced but encouraged by society.We do not sufficiently realise today theresponsibility of transmitting, unspoiledto the next generation, our mother tongue.It was interesting in this connection to notelately in one of the London papers the letterin which a correspondent drew attention tothe fact that the 44 gergo " of London hadchanged entirely even since the days ofDickens, and he described the shock of surprisewhich he experienced on hearing for the firsttime the change of the a to i which has cometo be the most salient characteristic of Cockneyspeech. &amp; 44 I had to confess all the same " continuesMr Raffalovich, that the power of speech isstill great among us. And what more natural?Is not speech the interpreter of the heart, thepaintbrush of the mind, the image throughwhich thought finds expression ? Is it not thesalt of life, the raison d* §tre of our oldestinstitutions? If we despised speech it wouldbe the end of everything ".But would it? Is not this a false assumption?There are tribes in America which communiscate almost entirely by gestures,... and arethere not means of transmitting thoughtswifter and more subtle than the utteranceof words? Are not words rather a translationthan a direct transmission of thought,generally useful, frequently beautiful, butnever infallible as vehicles for ideas? Twomen say 44 Heaven " and they mean thingsentirely different: two men say 44 woman "and conjure up images as different as dayand night. And in our moments of deepestfeeling do we not take refuge in silence,feeling, if we do not say, 44 I can not put itinto words " ? &amp; This volume, which alsocontains some grim sketches of Russian life,is well printed, showing careful and artistic work on the part of the Publishers. &amp; BOOKS, JOURNALS AND MAGAZINESRECEIVED z? z? &amp; Shakespearean Representation by PercyFitzgerald. (Eliot StockJ. /z&gt;" The Studio " London. &amp; » The NewYork Dramatic Mirror, New York" TheEra 44 East Aurora. New York. " LaBalance 44 Moscow. &amp; " Die Schanhuhne 44Berlin. JZ? " La Rivista Teatrale 44 Florence&amp; " II Teatro Illnstrato 44 Milan. JZ&gt;&amp; " La Rivista Musicale 44 Turin. " LeTemoin „ Paris. » Ord och Bild 44Stockholm. " Skodebanan 44 Stockholm," Argus „ Helsingfors. » Szinhaz esElet „ Budapest. &amp; » Us Szeinile 44 Budapest. FOREIGN NOTES LONDON R. S. Tpbe proceedings of the meeting of the* Shakespeare Memorial Committee at theLyceum on May 19th were characterised bya lack of simplicity which was remarkable evenhere. &amp; Our inability to speak of Art mat®ters without elaboration and a studied snob*bery is growing more marked each year. &amp;What is there about Art, about Shakespeare,about the Theatre, which demands this mockgravity when we assemble together to speakabout them? One would think that Art andthe Muses and the gaiety of nations werethemes to set the heart loose and make us allclever, witty and happy. We know why Artcame into existence,.... but the meeting atthe Lyceum made us think we did not know.We were made to feel that Art ought neverto be mentioned except with the permissionof Mr Pinero and a few other ordinary peo=pie. &amp; Mr Pinero was terrible. He accusedhimself of representing the ordinary tists. Mr Shaw was present. Mr Shaw wascharming: he said nothing except that, thoughthe subject was not exhausted, he and hisfriends were. But he looked the only manthere who could never get exhausted. Helooked prepared to accept any handicap. MrPinero was what we should describe as deadbeat. He made a gallant attempt to remaincheerful while he sneered at all things whichwere above the ordinary. He said somepatronising things about the late Sir HenryIrving and managed to speak Mr BeerbohniTree fair. The effort to turn this doublesummersault was visible, &amp;We did not seeeither Mr H. B. Irving or Mr Laurence Irvingat the meeting, ...and Miss Ellen Terry washiding, if she was there at all. &amp;The National Theatre will be with us soon,and possibly some more ordinary plays. &amp;But anything beautiful,... anything more thanordinary?? &amp;Oir John Hare says that44 The ideal theatrical44 manager should possess the finest artistic44 judgment without exercising his prerogative44 of appearing at the head of his company 44 on the stage. " &amp; FLORENCE J. S. 'TMte whole city is a stage mounted withscenes of loveliness, the whole populationare its actors, their songs and movementsits noble and delicate Drama. It would befolly to go into a theatre to look for theleast little hint of the body or soul of Italy. D'AnnunzicFs 44 La Nave " was performed herelately. The words of the play are verybeautiful; the acting, scenery and costumesrich and gaudy;... (the apparel oft proclaimsthe man): the whole thing one vast confusionvery characteristic of the nineteenth centurybut not belonging to the twentieth century.The stage show reminded me of the Germanand English productions of twenty years ago.Everywhere one sees evidence of a laboriousand passionate research for details of historicalinaccuracy. It was as though a dealer inimitation objects cV ait had been allowedto produce the play..,, old books, old crosses,old flags, old mitres, old shoes, old ideas.Still, the words were beautiful. What a pityto spoil them just for the sake of anadvertisement!... an advertisement of thebook of the words. &amp;" Gabriele D'Annunzio! What a pity it is thatthis angel voice has nothing to announce "writes a friend to me 1 wonder if this isquite fair? it would be ridiculous if it were the truth....Is it? &amp; BUDAPEST P. Tphe Hungarian Theatre has shown signs fora few years of renewed life. It begins tobreak away from the traditional artificialitywhich degrades the modern European Theatre.The most active leader of this movement inBudapest is Alexander Hevesi, who, like manyof those now working to create a new Theatre,has served his apprenticeship under the oldregime, only finally discarding it in despairof either reviving that theatre or creatingin it, in its present state, any work of art.Hevesi was Stage Manager of the NationalTheatre for five years. Convinced bothpractically and theoretically that nothingartistic could be produced in the old theatrehe then founded, with the assistance of someyoung literary men, a stage society to whichhe gave the name of 44 The Thalia Society ",This Society, which was not commercial inits aims, numbered among its members manyambitious and talented young actors, writersand painters, and the plays produced,unhampered by tradition, were works of ahigh order. TO the 4# Thalia Society " wasdue the first success of Ibsen on the Hungarianstage. &amp;Hevesi was at first a Realist. He became aRealist less from conviction than necessity,and the need was to free the old Hungarianstage from its artificiality. The study of theantique Theatre, the Theatres of Japan andIndia, and the history of tbe Marionettebrought him to perceive that Realism, whileit is the beginning, is not the end of Art. &amp;He then produced D'Annunzio's44 Citt&amp; Morta "in a freer, better manner. This he followedup by Gerhard Hauptmann's 44 Elga "i whichwas represented like a dream.Since this note was written less encouragingnews of the 44 Thalia Society" has beenreceived, An order from the chief Constableof Budapest has arrested, perhaps killed, theactivity of the 44 Thalia Society " which has don© the most idea! and most unselUsh theatrework in Budapest and to which are owingthe most important events in the city'sartistic life in recent years. The chiefConstable declared the rooms of the 44 ThaliaSociety " dangerous In the event of fire andfound other means of restraining the Society'swork everywhere and in every way.AH who read this paper will surely beastonished that such things should be possiblein one of the capitals of Europe; that it shouldbe possible to repress and kill In this brutalmanner so flourishing a work. &amp;Every attempt of the 44 Thalia Society "toprocure a room has proved in vain; theycould nowhere get permission and wereforced to remain inactive. &amp; &amp;Perhaps it is that other Theatres fear thecompetition ? Perhaps the activity of thisfine enterprise clashed with some commercialinterest? This is not only possible butprobable and the public which welcomed andneeded the work of the Society is now deprivedof its artistic enjoyment.Have the other theatres and the chiefConstable of Budapest the courage to bearthe responsibility for robbing the public ofits rights? What can they do to compensatethem? Something will have to be done. But what? That is the question. BERLIN A. F. old nights,... Full Houses. This is thewhy there seems to be no endto the season. &amp;At the Royal Opera 44 Madame Butterfly " isapparently paying her farewell calls; at leastshe appeared only once during last week andis no longer visible in the repertoire for thecoming one. &amp;At the Royal Schauspiel Wildenbruch's44 Rabensteinerin " is still being performed thisweek and is announced again for next week.Lindane play, 44 Ein Erfolg " is still drawing.At the Oeutches Theatre 44 As You Like It "is still alternating with 44 Romeo and Juliet"and Schiller's 44 Die Rauber " and the firstnight of the new play 44 Ulrich, Furst vonWaldeck " is much looked forward to. Itsauthor, Eulenberg, is a young man who isfamiliar with the theatre. As to the successof the play, opinions vary. &amp;At the Kammerspiele 44 Lysistrata " byAristophanes, brought up to date and trimmedwith new manners, still continues. Alas, werenot the old manners better At the Lessing Theatre one is still astonishedto get the " Raub der Sabinerinnen " insteadof the accustomed tragedies. At the KleineTheatre the play by the Danish author, Abel,44 2 x 2 " still continues its success. Thegeneral character of the Berlin repertoire forthe last week and this is a fairly good one,but by no means up to the usual high recordof Berlin, Shakespeare being given fifteentimes, Hebbef and Shaw each four times,Schiller three, Aristophanes six times,Hauptmann and Ibsen each once. &amp; The feature of the past week, however, hasundoubtedly been d'Albert, who is to becongratulated upon the hundredth represen- tation of his " Tiefland " at the Comic Opera.Considering that since " Carmen " Bajazza"," Cavalleria " and " Hansel " not one operahas been able to sustain a series of represen- tations, " Tiefland % is undeniably a valuableacquisition for the operatic stage. The Maestrohad come from Rome to conduct, and wasgreeted and applauded by a crowded andenthusiastic house. His new opera, " Izeyl "is looked forward to with keen interestThe Imperial Opera Company from Russiais to play for four weeks at Kroll's, anda most unusual reclame is being made for them in the Press. HELSINGFORS. C. In Finland we have two languages,.. Swedishand Finnish, and consequently theatres intwo languages. But in spite of this differencethey both agree in regard to the artistic valueof their representations, and that is not veryhigh. We have no traditional theatrical art,and there are no signs of any Renaissance.Only when foreign artists are visiting us, asIsadora Duncan did this winter, have we theopportunity of seeing genuine art.The most considerable event in the theatresthis spring was the attempt of our Swedishtheatre to perform Strindberg's "Svanehvit",which had not been previously representedon any stage. It is a fairy tale, written inStrindberg's lighter period after the * Inferno 'pessimism. It is said it was his intention to de- dicate it to " My master Maeterlinck ", and theprobability is that Maeterlinck has given himthe idea of writing a fairy drama. But thesimilarity is very superficial, Strindberg's andMaeterlinck's artistic characters being toodifferent. At all events, there is much finepoesy in the play, and this poesy is of a kindthat is very rare in Strindberg's works,....an innocent, charming, airy poesy which hasthe spirit of a child's tale. Only in a fewscenes are the typical Strindbergian ideasvisible. The performance in Helsingfors wasnot perfect, very far from it, but even there the beauty of the play was compelling. EDITORIAL NOTES J. S. MASK OF ENVY. TP he English Journals have been exceedingly* appreciative of the aims of The Mask, andwe take this opportunity of thanking them.&amp; The English Press is a lover of fair playand does its best to preserve it. In our case it recognises that we representthe ideals of the Art of the Theatre as opposedto the ideals (?) of the Commercial Theatreor the Theatre of Entertaiment. It recognisesthat it is playing fair in supporting the Fine Artof theTheatre and that to support Commercialor Coarse Art would be Foul Play. It is awell-informed Press. It is informed concerningthe History of Art in all ages: it knows thatArt and Commerce are as divided as the twopoles, and, loving fair play, the Editors ofEnglish Journals give the order to thetheatrical critics to uphold the standard.And do the critics always play fair? ...well,nearly always. It must be often wearyingly,desperately, difficult to be a just and wisecritic. We believe it is one of those arts forwhich no schools exist.... other than the hardschool of experience; and therefore it oftenoccurs that when writing of the lightestforms of the Art of the Theatre the critic cartfind little or nothing to say and covers hisconfusion by a sneer, a jest or an amazedexpression of surprise, and these attitudesare unbecoming in a critic who of courseprofesses to be a serious student of hissubject. &amp; jgrThe movement in the European Theatre toreestablish the nobler traditions of its Artmust be treated seriously by all serious critics,and if at first some of them do not entirelyunderstand the movement and what it willbring about, they will, if they are in earnest,study the position of the Art in relation tothat of the other Arts; they will study mostof all the history of the Arts of Music andArchitecture, and then they will perceivethat our task is one which has too longbeen postponed, and will do all they can toassist us in our most difficult undertaking.To the consideration and criticism of our workthey must not bring the same views andmethods as they bring to the considerationand criticism of the Commercial Theatres.And let us define which theatres are consideredby European artists to be commercial. The Commercial Theatre is recognised by itsquality. There may be a Commercial Theatreof Shakespearean representations as well asa Commercial Theatre of kick-about ladiesand melodramatic villains. If Madame SarahBernhardt were to produce Shakespeare insucha way as merely to catch the eye and tickle thepalate of the thoughtless she would be servingthe interests of the Commercial Theatre. IfMr Beerbohm Tree were to produce, let ussay, the "Faust" of Goethe in such a way asto " please the million " in a manner " neitherwholesome nor sweet " he would be servingthe interests of the Commercial Theatre.For under cover of the names of Shakespeareand Goethe sacrilege must not be committed,and because the names of Bernhardt and Treeare famous names, their deeds must be no lessfamous.When an artist compromises, bending to thewill of the public, the critic should have nofear in attacking him, no matter whetherhe be named Irving, or Beerbohm Tree.And when we speak of the public weallude here to that spoiled public, ...the flippantTheatre-goers. There are many differentways in which the nimble merchant can catchthe illusive penny from the vulgar tight- closed hands of those searchers for anevening's foolish entertainment; and as thecritic, after a long and careful study of theTheatre of all lands, should attack theCommercial Theatre wherever it show signsof lowering the popular taste, so should heincessantly bring his readers to the rightknowledge of the ancient and noble traditionswhich guide his judgment. Such critics are anhonour to the Art and to their country.Lessing, Hazlett, Charles Lamb are the namesof a few such men; and their honour is notthat they wrote well about bad theatres andworse theories but that they divided the badfrom the good, the claptrap from the art,...and they all of them are agreed as to whatis claptrap and what is not.Therefore we will ask for continued fair playfrom the critics of England; ....fair play inthe consideration of the Art of the Theatreand of the European movement which werepresent and which is an entirely seriousone and one destined to survive. A lexander Hevesi's attempt at Budapest tobring a more serious and cultured atmos- phere into our Institution by the practical workdone under the auspices of the Thalia Societyhas received a temporary check. Some men orwomen in Budapest have intrigued againstthe Society and have achieved the ridiculous.They have the credit of throwing one moreobstacle in the way of our advance and wewish them all the comfort which can bederived from so mean and foolish an act. &amp;No words are strong enough to denouncethese paltry people who degrade the Theatre.Alas, they are often to be found in theInstitution itself; they are often actors andeven actresses, and all true workers in theTheatre detest them. Such intrigue will overturn this already insecure Institution:we may expect a crisis any day, for the brainsand talent of the theatre will not permit theart and its thousands of lovers to suffer forthe baseness of a few envious We have heard before of such excuses asthose under cover of which the ThaliaSociety's performances have been prohibited." Fire "! Good heavens I as if the RoyalTheatre in Budapest were not quite asdangerous on that score. Only two theatresin Europe offer security to their visitors:that at Bayreuth and the Prinz Regenten atMiinchen. &amp;And who have you to thank for these theatres?The Police ? the Government ? Patriotism ? theChurch? the Doctors? the Actors? theArchitects? No, not one of these. You haveto thank an artist who you refused to believeknew anything about the subiect. Oh, whatbright intelligence you reveal, my friends!You do your best to let yourselves be burntevery time you enter those old balcony theatreswith their twisting passages, and you dothis rather than admit that the artist is thewisest man of the whole community andknows what he is talking about Well, goon doing so. intrigue, and set yourselves andyour children on fire. It is the best way ofserving us in the end. But do not complainabout it later, for it is your own fault.Richard Wagner designed you a theatre yearsago which was the only safe theatre in Europe.Miinchen copied the design,.... all honour toMiinchen. As for the other State and privateTheatres in Europe, they are all utterlyunsafe and dangerous to the public. We wouldrespectfully draw the attention of the FireInspectors of all theatres to our statement,especially to the illogical gntleman in Budapestwho closes safe places leaving dangerous onesopen. Iron curtains some times act: sometimes,as in the case of the Meinigen Theatre, theygive way and fall on the audience. But ifyou are able to dodge the curtain, you willanyhow be canght in the twisting passages,fall down the little staircases, (just considerDrury Lane, or the Royal Theatres at MoscowSt Petersberg, Vienna, or Berlin;) or bebaulked by closed doors, or impeded by thedraped curtains at the corners. These so -called Theatres are nothing more than deathtraps made after the most stupid design.It is a farce to close one small building onthe plea that it is " dangerous on accountof fire " and license all these hundreds ofstate and private crematoriums.When will it be realised that Wagner's designis the only safe pattern on which to build atheatre? We can answer that question. Itwill only be realised when the theatre ceasesto be a shop, and this will only come aboutwhen the snobs and intriguers are hustledoff the stage by the young and vigorousgeneration which now begins to win backnot only the liberty of the Theatre's Art, butthe ancient nobility of the Theatre as anInstitution. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; This young* generation is united by the closestties , . those of sentiment and understanding;and we may expect at any moment to hearof a practical development of their position,the formation of a league or society whichshall be independent of all accident, the unionof the artists of the theatre to protect theirtrust.&gt;yt/e learn that Mr Granville Barker hasrefused the directorship of the NewTheatre in New York. Mr Barker is reportedto have given some reasons for his refusal,one of these being that he considered thebuilding too large. He holds that the secretof truly artistic acting is that the actors shallmaintain close personal touch with theaudience, and he states that the proposed sizeof the building would prevent the attainmentof the right " atmosphere ". &amp;We confess we are unable to sympathisewith these views. We believe we are rightin saying that there has been much 44 artisticacting " seen in large theatres: we rememberhaving heaVd of Edmund Kean at Drury Lane;of Tommaso Salvini at the Scala at Milan; ofHenry Irving at the Lyceum; and in earliertimes the theatres were far larger:., we speakof the time of Roscius. We venture to suggestthat " Atmosphere " is not dependent uponthe actor so much as upon the play, and,curiously enough, upon the stage setting.We hope, and believe, that Mr Barker will intime come to look upon the size of a theatreas of little importance. In our opinion it isthe shape which we have to reconsider. Smallas well as vast theatres are necessary,....though we favour the latter from economicas well as artistic reasons. &amp;Hphe miller thinks that the wheat only growsin order to keep his mill going. " writesGoethe; and we reprint the neat saying forthe benefit of the Commercial Theatre ofEurope and America. HP he advocates of a Municipal or StateTheatre for England have evidentlynothing but theory to go upon. A visit toEurope, and a close and long study of theresults achieved by State Theatres would soondisillusion them. A&amp;"State-aided theatres are always harmful,44 for the State protects timid and easy art "writes Herman Heijermans, the DutchDramatist. &amp;The institution of a State-aided theatre44 and of a state-aided conservatoire would44 be disastrous to Dramatic Art in thiscountry " writes John Davidson, the EnglishDramatic poet.44 I do not think that the institution of aState-aided theatre would be favourable to44 dramatic Art " writes Hall Caine. 44 AH I can say is that I hope for their ownsakes, the English will have neither44 conservatoires nor state-aided Theatres.They have been fortunate up to now in this14 respect, for their Government does not 44 interfere with what does not concern it.44 It would he a pity to alter this. "Jules LemaitreThe welfare of the Drama as of all Institutions44 depends on men and not on systems.H Beerbohm Tree.We are inclined to favour the idea of Stateaid to certain theatres which contain artist- directors whose work entitles them to thesupport which a crude public refuses to givethem. We can conceive much good arisingshould the State lay aside a certain sumyearly to be given to the maintenance of thehighest form of dramatic art wherever itmight proclaim itself in Engl and. But rashlyto waste a large sum of the national wealthin endowing a theatre for ever aud ever, nomatter who and what should appear in itwould be folly. If the State really desiresto bestow a sum of money yearly upon theartists of the Theatre so as to encouragethe art, it could not do better than toinstitute a scholarship so that a fair competitionmight be created, a scholarship to becompeted for by playwrights and stagemanagers, for upon these two men,....playwright and stage-manager, the future ofthe theatre in England depends. The stagemanagers would then train to becomecraftsmen of ability, and the honour of beingchosen would be an incentive to them.A stage-manager should be an artist ofconsiderable ability. He should, besides this,be versed in the history of the stage. Heshould be a designer, able to invent withfacility both scenes and costumes. He shouldhave a knowledge of the values of movementand voice, and he should have been at onetime or another an actor. His victory wouldgive him a standing and would makehis further studies possible. With sucha prize as a nation would offer he couldafford to travel in Europe and study his artwith more facility. He could then return toEngland and take up an important positionand fulfil its requirements faithfully and withpleasure, instead of having to labour for everwithout any opportunity of showin hisability or metal. We hope to go furtherinto this question of State aid at a later date. ALMANACK FORARCHITECTUREVT—*tf&gt;.GlG71GlG]GlglG1G]^)GT|ElG1g|g?5nE1E1Eni51l5:A NEW CATALOGUECONTAINING MORE THAN A HUNDREDPAGES OF TEXT, AND ALSO ILLUSTRA-TIONS IN BLACK AND WHITE AND INCOLOUR. * * * * *Copies will be sent free onapplication to all Art - loversSCHUSTERS BUFLEB. G.M.B. H.BERLIN W30 NOLLENDORFSTR. 31. 32BOOKS ANCIENT AND MODERN # Die SchaubiihneA weekly Theatrical Journal.Edited by Siegfried Jacobsohn.Verlag Oesterheld &amp; Co.Lietzenburgerstrasse 60.Berlin W. 15. £?Single copy . .. pt.Quarterly „ 3. „ 50Yearly 12. „ 00 _ The Butterfly _QuarterlyIs a new publication, carefully printedfrom excellent type, on fine toned pa-per, 8xioin: in size, the edition beinglimited to 500 numbered copies. It con-tains verses, tales, translations, reprints,drawings, wood-cuts, book-plates, andother matters of bookish interest.YEARLY SUBSCRIPTION DOLLARS I.25post free. &amp; &amp;OFFICESThe Butterfly Quarterly1126 Walnut StreetPhiladelphiaU. S. A. PRONTI! AVANT I!£&gt; THE BEST RESTAURANT IN FLORENCE IS £fL A P I ' S VIA DEL TREBBIO JZ?Situated in the cellars of Palazzo AntinoriPICTURESQUE HOSPITABLE &amp; EXCELLENT COOKINQ Garages RiunitiX* FIAT - ALBERTI - STORERO. #* # * FLORENCE * * f* * Via Luigi Alamanni, i + &amp;GENERAL AGENCY FOR AUTOMOBILES* * * * *^' F. I. A. T. *Chassis and cars complete &gt;P &gt;?Motor cars for sale and on hire&gt;j» Telephone 916 &gt;2® &gt;j»mmmummabmmmmmmmmmammammaaBamamBmMmamaammmmmamammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmaUmmmm PhilosophicalLending Library5000 volumes 011 Philosophy, Reli-gion, Mysticism, Occultism, ecc.English philosophical Books &amp; Re-views. Reading and lecture room.lectures every Sunday free for sub-scribers Subscription terms verymoderate. Prospectus and catalogueon application up #PIAZZA DONATELLO 5 - Tel. 15-30 &lt;1 ' 11 » IMl |W1 II II IVIMPORTANT NOTICE &amp;SPECIAL SUBSCRIBERS' COPIES CAN ONLY BE OBTAINED FROM THEPUBLISHING OFFICES OF " THE MASK FLORENCE.SUBSCRIBERS' COPIES CANNOT BE OBTAINED THROUGH THE AGENTS, THOUGHORDERS MAY BE SENT THROUGH THEM. £/£&gt;£&gt;£&gt;£&gt;REALISM &amp; THE ACTOR. AN INTERNATIONALSYMPOSIUM £7 £?FURTHER REPLIES WILL BE PUBLISHED IN THE JULY NUMBER.' -- " - *□Jst-VCRLRGSRNSTfllJ®©flUXflNDCIVKOGI sTfl'Sr.1ELDeutsche Kunstund DekorationKURZE LNHALTSANQABE DES i. SEMESTERS DES XI.JAHRGANGES: Heft. i.August Rodin — Paris. Die DarmstadterKfinstler-Kolonie. Interieurs und Einzel-mbbel von Richard Riemerschmid.Goldschmiedearbeiten. Stickereien.BucheinbMnde. &amp;no Illustrationen und 8 farbige Beilagen.Heft 2.Kftnstlerische Photographien von NicolaPerscheid - Berlin. Architekturen, Innen-raume von Campbell &amp; Pullich - Berlin.Kopenhagener Fayence - Fabrik "Alumi-nia'\8o Illustrationen und 3 Beilagen.Heft 3.Professor Kolomon Moser, Moderne kir-chliche Kunstverglasungen. Plastiken.Frauenkleider, Stickereien. Bildhauerar-beiten, Schmucksachen. Vorsatzpapiere.Kleinkunst.Insgesamt 90 Illustrationen.XZ?Heft 4.Professor Fritz Erler, Fresken im Wies-badener Kurhaus. JuliusKlinger, Schwarz-Weisz. Professor Fr. Metzner, ModernePlastiken. Innenraume. Gildenzeichen.Spitzen.Insgesamt 70 IllustrationenHeft. 5.Maler Walter Georgi. Hugo LederersKrupp-Denkmal in Essen. Die DeutschenWerkstatten fur Handwerkskunst in Miin-chen: Grabanlagen. Kleinkunst, Sticke-reien.Insgesamt 70 Illustrationen.Heft 6.Oscar zwintscher-Dresden. Artur Volk*mann, Grabplastik. Florence J. Hoesel,Stickereien. Neuere Arbeiten von J. V.Cissarz. F. W. Jochem — Kiel, Landhaus.Plastiken. &amp;70 Illustrationen und 1 farbige Tafel.REICHHALTIGSTE UND VORNEHMST ZE1TSCHRIFTENFUR AN G E WAN DTE KUNST JAHRLICH 12 HEFT 24 MARK.Innen=DekorationAus dem Inhalte der ersten 4Heft 1.Sonderpublikation iiber das "Hotel Adlon"in Berlin: Fassade, Innenarchitekturen,Treppenaufgang, Hallen, sale, Salons,Restaurants, Bar, Bade-und FrisierrHumeetc. &amp;60 meist ganzseitige Illustrationen.Heft 2.Arbeiten der Architekten " Runge &amp;Scotland" in Bremen. Wohnhaus desArof. Bruno Schmitz- Berlin. LiterarischeBeitrage von E. W. Bredt-Miinchen, Jos.A. Lux- Dresden, u. a. 50 lllustrat. und i farbige Doppelbeilage. IDie fuhrende kunstgewerblicheinneren Ausbau.Hefte des XIX. Jahrganges:Heft. 3.Kunstsalon Keller &amp; Reiner-Berlin. Textvon Dr. Hermann Schmitz. Garten- u.VerandamObel, Text von A. Jaumann.Literaresche Beitrage von M. BaronLasser, Wilh. Michel u. a. &amp;Insgesamt 62 Illustrationen.Heft 4.Robert Breur — Wilmersdorf, GuteLedermSbel. Neuere Arbeiten vonArchitekt Wilhelm Schmidt — WienLiterarische Bietrage von Rich. Schaukal,Rob. Breuer u. a. Insgesamt 43 Illustrationen,Zeitschrift fur den gesamten&lt;zrJahrlich 12 Hefte 20 MarkEINZELNE HEFTE DER BEIDEN DARMSTADTER KUNSTZE1TSCHRIFTEN je 2.50 MARKProspekte kostenfrei durch jede Buchhandlung und von derVerlags-Anstalt Alexander Koch - Darmstadt. The principal Artisticand Literary publica-tion of Scandinavia.Yearly subscriptionFrancs: 20.Wahlstrom &amp; Widstrand, Stockholm.&amp; PUBLISHED MONTHLYmmwK.05iiims "VIESSEE" (The Balance) &amp;A RUSSIAN LITERARY &amp; ART MAGAZINE PUBLISHED MONTHLY IN MOSCOW BYTHE SCORPION PRESSBTBWBMrtmaBBBaapsamThe Balance " contains Poetry, Fiction, Drama, and Essays on Art and Literature bythe best modern authors, both Russian &amp; Foreign. jg? jg?The Journal has correspondents in all the chief cities of Europe. &amp;The Balance is illustrated by drawings, etchings, lithographs, etc: (also colour plates)by Russian and Foreign artists. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Annual subscription, post free. 18 francs. (14 shillings) OFFICES; MOSCOW (RUSSIA) THEATRE SQUARE. METROPOLE BUILDINGS 23.&amp; &amp; CHIEF - EDITOR: SERGE POLIAROFF. jz? yfc'iWKitwmiamm —'^Tw^rnflMni^'^ta'x^TOTTiiiTTMni¥inTinoimMiMmjnMiixM"rji«TriiroHrnwrprBTCTi■—ar,iTrT»iiirwwfrt——r——;-"""" rriir1"*•■ "y^rL"r" mmaemmmiQESELLSCHAFT FURTHEATERQESCHICHTE j&amp; j&amp; J&amp; &amp;ABTEILUNG REDAKTION BIBLIOGRAPHIE FUR THEATERGESCHICHTEDie Gesellschaft fur Theatergeschichte (E. V, 1902. Sekretariat Berlin W. 50) hat nachdem im Fruhjahr 1907 erfolgten Tode Arthur L. Jellineks, ihres verdienstvollen Biblio-graphen, Herrn Dr. Fritz Braumuller in Munchen. Adelgundenstrasse 34/®* *®erFortsetzung der Bibliographie der Theatergeschichte (Jahrgang 1905 ff.). die in denSchriften der Gesellschaft zur Verbffentlichung gelangen wird, betrut und bittet AutorenVerleger und alle Freunde des Unternehmes, Biicher, Broschiiren, Zeitschriften, Zeitun=»gsartikel. Sonderabdrucke, kurzc Mitteilungen und Notizen theatergeschichtlichenInhalts an die Adresse des genannten Bearbeitess freundlichst einsenden zu wollen. E MOSHER BOOKS^&amp; &amp; &amp; MDCCCXCI-MCMVI1I jS&gt;For a dozen years the most artistic volumes at their price that have been issued inAmerica have been published, not from New York or Boston, nor even in Philadelphiaor Chicago but it Portland, Maine In that little city Thomas B. Mosher has beenprinting, without flourish of trumpets or wide advertising, volume after volumewhich in artistic excelience are not excelled by the issnes of any publishing house inthe world. Then, too, Mosher has reprinted only the gems of literatnre that havebeen declared of the first water; gems that are, beyond objection, jewels of the world'streasury of brilliant writing. We may also assert that the question of gain has heensecondary in Mosher's calculations. He has put out very small editions, and he hasmade them so beautiful in all that concerns their make»up that it is doubtful ifhe has ever gauged the expenditure by the possible profit. Nevertheless, he musthave done so, but in doing so he excites our admiration.GUY CARLETON LEE in Baltimore Sunfor Dec. 18, 1907.My new Catalogue—a remarkable piece of book-work in itself—explains this unusualcompliment, and is sent free ou request to book=lovers anywhere that can be reachedby mail. My Catalogues are not made up of old and hackneyed quotations concerningbooks. You are not wearied by " a jollie good book " jingle and that sort of thing,but you are treated to some very genuine prose &amp; verse not found in every cutand-decidedly=dried anthology.THOMAS B. MOSHER PORTLAND. MAINE &amp; U, S. A. A PORTFOLIO OF ETCHINGS. &amp;By Gordon Craig with a preface. &amp;thirty portfolios will be issued, although ten or twenty additional copies of some ofplates will be printed according to the condition of the plate. The plates will thenbe destroyed. Each portfolio will be numbered. Each set consists of twelve designs looselymounted on grey card and contained in a grey cloth box portfolio with fastenings. Eachplate is signed by the artist. Size of portfolio 48x30 ctms. Average size of plate.14 2/3x15 2/3 ctms. The price for a portfolio will be L. 16.0.0, (400 Francs or 320 Marks).'TNhese etchings were made by the artist in the Spring of 1907 at Florence, and representhis most serious work. Connected as they are with his dream of an Ideal Theatre, theyin no way have anything in common with the modern stage.44 Movement", writes Mr Craig, 44 was at the roots of the Ancient Theatre and will ever44 remain the very Essence of the Art.44 We must translate Movement through the medium of inanimate forms and thereby produce44 once more an Impersonal Art which shall take its place by the side of its two sister44 Arts-Music and Architecture ". &amp;J!5t»vt t « H .■ t *n t t&lt;v j - »»-■ i. o . ' ■-&gt; * »er«•» t. ' * &lt; «&lt;»■:*.( +c.ORDER FORMTo The Publishers,The Editorial Office of 44 The Mask " 2 Lung'Arno Acciaiuoli, Florence. Italy. &amp;Please send me the Portfolio of Etchings by Edward Gordon Craig, in payment for whichI enclose the sum of L. 16.0.0, (or 400 Francs or 320 Marks)Signed Address.rsHWE' L I BRA I R I E A NCI EN NE &amp;T. DE MARINIS &amp; Co. 5 Via Vecchietti - FIRENZE6S&amp;LS■fuurPI4UIennrvrtfiiXJlZL\Wl»«iID0 •-HI• «*&lt;-TU-J111II *U-»yju&amp;i*11&gt;5:£MiULfLJit * i=P00llllSSSS200is 11£LWdorsOLiUinlitinurniIII*!S* IIjrn'go.»«»«;• 1c:44tlHU&amp;ItSwksT0 0102•*•&lt;«©9MOJl• •Mln a otin/Ttf!«••*HE«con/vQOacnil 1 /»11T/lf.III*i/rLTUVPine Collection of MBS,, Incunabula, rate and curious books XV'XIX cent.Illustrated Catalogues free on application. EX LIBRIS.Are you a Book Lover ? IIso, you will want all whichcan add to the beautyand completeness of yourbooks, and you cannotdo without.A BOOK PLATEIn design your Book Plate must be graveyet charming, for its duty is to act aswatchman at the doors of all books, whetherreligious or profane. If you would possesssuch a Book Plate, simple, charming anddistinguished, write to the Wood Engra-vers of San Leonardo, directing your letterto 5 Piazza Donatello, Studio 9, Florence,Italy, and you will receive all the infor-mation you desire. &amp; &amp; EDITION DE LUXE.SPECIAL NOTICE TOBOOKLOVERS15 copies of " The Mask " will be printedMonthly upon a yellow hand-made deckle-edged paper identical in appearance andtexture with that made in the same districtof Fabriano in the year 1315. This editionwill contain Etchings and other printssigned by the artist, which will not beincluded in the popular edition. Yearly subscription: England, L. 3.5.0 Post Free » »» » Germany, Marks 67,00 „ „,, „ „ America Dollars 16.00 „ „»V » „ Italy Lire 82.00 „ „*. »&gt; tt Russia Roubles 30.00 „ „ [ANTONIO FR1LL1PURVEYOR TO 10IMPERIAL &amp; ROYALFAMILIESThe largest Establishment of Sculpture inMarble Reproductions from the Antique&amp; Original Works. Portraits. Monuments,Mantels, &amp; Pedestals, Garden Seats,Vases Fountains Flower=stands, etc:ESTIMATES GIVEN ON APPLICATIONST LOUIS MO.GRAMD PRIX1904F LORENCE£7 Via dei Fossi 4&amp; (ESTABLISHED i860) &amp;AWARDED PRIZESAT 48 NATIONAL &amp;INTERNATIONALEXHIBITIONS &amp; J2? jg/ J&amp;J&amp;J&amp; J&amp;J&amp;J&amp;J&amp;J&amp;J&amp;J&amp;J&amp;J&amp;J&amp;J&amp;J&amp; &lt;&amp;J&amp;THE " MANIFAT-TURA PI SIQNA „Artistic Terra Cot=ta for both interiorand exterior deco=ration &lt;&amp; &amp; Via Vecchietti, 2 j&amp; j&amp;&amp; &amp; FIRENZE (Italy) DINI &amp; CELLAIArtistic &amp; Decorative Terra Cotta ofSigna &amp;Via dei Fossi N. x - FLORENCEHepPoduetion of seulptupes of Old andJVIodePn flldsteps M statues « Busts «—}, ; _ tVases M BasMjjeliefs M pountains « POOPSChitnneywpieees « Bases ete. ete. IneVepy style &amp; J&amp; j&amp; &amp; &amp; ON JUNE i &amp;THE j&amp; &amp;Publishing, Bookselling andNews Agency Business JZ?of R. PAQGI (A. Rossini&amp; Co. Ltd.) will be trans-ferred from Via Tornabuoni15 to premises at 36 ViaPanzani in the same buil-ding as the Grand HotelBaglioni.