Bruno's Weekly 2 15 April 8th, MCMXVI naaq_1916-04-08_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 2 15 Florence Gough Illustration 1 Letter with Sketch by Remington. From the collection of Mr. P. I. Madigan. Illustration 3 Bruno Players' New Bill 3-4 The House of Judgment Oscar Wilde cre 4-6 Flasks and Flagons Francis S. Saltus cre 6 London Letter Edward Storer cre 6-7 Clara Tice as I See Her 7-8 Dim Reflections Meg Kerner cre 8 Bruno's Garget—Catalogue Illustre 9 Untitled Image Illustration 9 £LARA TICE pictures through the Guido Bruno cre 10 Fake News From Mexico William Marion Reedy in his St. Louis Mirror cre 10 Chinese Letters Allan W. S. Lee (Wuhu, China cre 11 Chicago Letter John Stapleton Cowley-Brown cre 11-13 In Our Village Reprinted, by request cre 13-14 Book-Plate Notes. 14 Books and Magazines of the Week 15-16 The Last of the War Correspondents 16-18 Wall Street Reflections Junius cre 18 Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, and 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cent* April Bth, 1916w. * g. Copyright April Bth, 1916. Original matter, including alldrawing*, may not be reproduced without permission of GuidoBruno; but that permission may be assumed if credit is given toauthor and Bruno's Weekly. BRUNO PLATERSATCHARLES EDISON'S LITTLE THIMBLE THEATREAT NO. TEN FIFTH AVENUE, GREENWICH VILLAGE, N.Y.C,THE STATE FORBIDS!By SADA COWAN/* \ *andTHE STRONGERBy A UGUST STRINDBERGGUIDO BRUNO, Manager and DirectorEVERY MONDAY, TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAYAT 8.45 P. M. AND SATURDAY AT 8 O'CLOCKONLY 6 5 SEATS AT ONE DOLLAR EACHTo b« had at the BOX OFFICE, 10 FIFTH AVENUE, or by mail Readers of Bruno's Weeklyare asked to becomeSubscribers52 ISSUES FOR TWO DOLLARS BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 15. .. APRIL Bth, MCMXVI. Vol. 11. Copyright 1916 by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY WEEK?*#! RRUN-O'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY' BRUNO'S*. WEEKLY; BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Continued from last iveek) BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY {To be continued) Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, SituatedAt No. 10 Fifth Avenue, Greenwich Village, N. Y. C.C«do Bruno, Manager Florence Gough Letter with Sketch by Remington.From the collection of Mr. P. I. Madigan. Bruno Players' New Bill The State Forbids. QADA COWAN'S "THE STATE FORBIDS," and AugustStrindberg's "THE STRONGER," will be presented onWednesday, April sth, by the Bruno Players, in Charles Edi- son's Little Thimble Theatre, at 10 Fifth Avenue, as theirsecond play-bill of this season."The State Forbids" is not a problem play. Its two scenesare simple but cruelly true statements of facts. Millions offamilies in Europe were confronted during the last two yearsby these two supreme problems. They had to solve them intheir hearts and no matter to what conclusion they hadcome, "The State Forbids," and"The State Commands,"has been the merciless solution of their Gordian knot.Sada Cowan does not attempt in her play to show whatcould be done or what should be done.There is a mother who knows for ten long years that if shewould ever give birth to a child it would be hereditarily bur- dened with an incurable disease. But —the State forbids.And so she resigns herself to her fate, and she is just a mother of that little creature that can never be anything buta "poor little one." 'The scene is so real to life, so without false dramatic pa- .thois! The mother's which prefers • death for her babyrather than life full of suffering! And there is the districtnurse who knows; who witnessed such scenes in numberlessother families, and there is the doctor who does not hesitateto state that a physician should be vested with the samepowers of a judge. But-- the State forbids.And then the other scene ten years hereafter. The sameflat; the same mother; her first-born child grown up to be apromising, healthy man and"the poor little one" an idiot, aconstant charge of his parent! And the same doctor, now inthese grave and troubled times of war, the recruiting surgeon*of the vicinity. Conscription is ordered. The big boy, hismother's only comfort in this world, which means to her aconstant chain of suffering, is conscripted* The State ordershim to go out and to shoot and to kill other mother's sons.The State forbids to take the life of that poor-thing, thatidiot in the corner, .over there ten years ago as it came intothe world, and the State forbids to saye the life of that biggrown up boy whom'the doctor had to declare as fit to be asoldier for his country.The mother is helpless just as helpless as the mother-cowin the stable, whom they force to bring Calves into the worldand who has to lose her calf if they choose to butcher it.It is just a statement of plain facts presented in two scenes,the first and the last station on the passion-way of a motherin a modern state. The Stronger TWO women. Both actresses. One is married and amother; the other unmarried living her own life. Theymeet the day before Christmas at a coffee house. The un- married one is mute. She does not say a word. She listensto her friend whom she caused so many pains and sleeplessnights; whom she suspects to be the woman with whom herhusband was infatuated; whose taste, refinement and mode ofliving her husband had admired. Whom she had to imitatejust to please her husband.But she cannot hate her rival, who like the thief who awak- ens one night and finds the things he stole in the reposses- sion of the one from whom he stole it, is just a poor exampleof womanhood; who celebrates her Christmas Eve all by her- self in a public restaurant.Strindberg shows in this little gem of a play as well as inevery other one of his works that GOOD—and with "good"he means healthy, the thing that has a purpose and is ful- filling this purpose—is triumphant in the final end. Triumph- ant over sham and over everything not fit to live. The House of Judgment Oscar Wilde AND there was silence in the House of Judgment, and theMan came naked before God.And God opened the Book of Life of the Man.And God said to the Man, "Thy life hath been evil, andthou hast shown cruelty to those who were in need of sue- "coilt, arid to those who lacked help thou hast been bitter andhard of heart. The poor called to thee, and thou did'st nothearken, and thine ears were closed to the cry of the afflicted.The inheritance of the'fatherless thou did'st take to thyselfand thou did'st send the foxes into the vineyard of thy neigh- bor's field. Thou did'st take the bread of the children andgive it to the dogs to eat, and the lepers who lived in themarshes, and were at peace, and praised Me, thou did'st driveforth on to the highways, and on Mine earth, out of which Ipiade thee, did'st thou shed innocent blood."And the Man made answer and, said, "Even so did I,"And again God opened the Book of Life of the Man, andGod said to the Man, "Thy life hath been evil and thou did'stseek for the seven sins. The walls of thy chamber werepainted with images, and from the bed of thine abominationsthou did'st rise up to the sound of flutes. Thou did'st buildseven altars to the sins I have suffered, and did'st eat of thething that may not be eaten, and the purple of thy raimentwas broidered with the three signs of shame. Thine idolswere neither of gold nor of silver, which endure, but of fleshthat dieth. Thou did'st stain their hair with colours and setpomegranates in their hands. Thou did'st stain their feetwith perfumes, and spread carpets before them. With anti- mony thou did'st stain their eyelids, and their bodies thoudid'st smear with myrrh. Thou did'st bow thyself to theground before them, and the thrones of the idols were set inthe sun. Thou did'st show to the sun thy shame and to themoon thy madness."• And the Man made answer and said, "Even so did I."And a third time God opened the Book of the Life of the Man.And God said to the Man, "Evil hath been thy life, and withevil did'st thou requite good, and with wrongdoing kindness.The hands that fed thee thou did'st wound, and the breaststhat gave thee suck thou did'st despise. He who came tothee with water went away thirsting, and the outlawed menwho hid thee in their tents at night thou did'st betray beforedawn. Thine enemy who spared thee thou did'st snare in anambush, and the friend who walked with thee thou did'st sellfor a price and to those who brought thee Love thou did'stever give Lust in thy turn."And the Man made answer and said, "Even so did I."And God closed the Book of the Life of the Man, and said,"Surely I shall send thee to Hell. Even unto Hell shall Isend thee."And the Man cried out "Thou canst not."And God said to the Man, "Wherefore can I not send theeto Hell, and for what reason?"And the Man made answer and said, "Because in Hell have-I always lived."And there was silence in the House of Judgment.And after a space God spake, and said to the Man, "Seeingthat I may not send thee to Hell, surely I shall send thee toHeaven. Even unto Heaven shall I send thee."And the Man cried out "Thou canst not."And God said to the Man, "Wherefore can I not send theeto Heaven, and for what reason?" And the Man made answer, and said, "Because never, and inno place, have I been able to imagine Heaven."And there was silence in the House of Judgment. Flasks and Flagons By Francis S. Saltus Beer merry faith, oh cool, delicious beer,Gave thee the power through centuries to maintain,A charm that soothes dull care, and laughs at pain;A power sad hearts to vitalize and cheer?No blase palate of thy drops can fear;Once quaffed, lips eager, seek thy sweets again,Without thee students sing no loud refrain;Laughter and mirth depart, be thou not near*. t , V . 'And when I drink thee to my soul's delight,A vision of King Gambrinus, fat and gay,Haunts me, and I behold bright tankards shine,And hear him laugh with many a thirsty wight,And merry maiden, drirfking night and day,In quaint, old, gabled towns along the Rhine. Gin cicerone of the towns of sin,From thy rank drops, the germs of crime and lust,Nurtured by sloth and hatred of the just,In bestial minds to awful bloom begin.Dulling all confidence in God or kin,Thy woeful spectre on humanity thrust,Invokes sad pictures of supreme disgust,A yelling harlot, or a bagnio's din.~ -I hear in St. Gilas' foulest slums, the dreadAnd blasphemous cries of ruffians in mad strife,And, the shocked eye by odious magic led,Sees in some garret, panting still with life,A half-starved child clasping a woman, dead,While o'er them lears a gaunt brute with a knife! London Letter Edward Storer. London Office of BRUNO'S WEEKLY,18 St. Charles Square, New Kensington.March 23d, 1916. Having a taste for gossip I cannot help telling you of anamusing literary scandal. It is only a trifle, but it is anamusing if rather malicious trifle and is to be read in theMarch number of "The English Review." There, under thetitle of "The Grayles," a well-known London literary familyis delicately ridiculed; its foibles exposed, its inner secretsmade fun of by one who has evidently often enjoyed thehospitality of that house. Opinion will be doubtless divided as to the "taste" of the article, and no doubt many friends6f the family which is satirized will be very indignant. Asfor the house in question itself, I think it will only laugh.The war and the increased cost of paper press heavilyupon literary enterprise. As it is now, the conditions tendmore and more to the disfavour of artistic or speculativeworks, while only those books which will command a readyand vulgar sale are sure of being produced. If conditions dohot improve, the outlook for books of literary merit will bevery bad indeed. All the same a new art and literary re- view is announced for publication. Its name is "Form,"which name is also intended to indicate its aesthetic. It istd be something in the style of the Yellow Book.Looking at the list of contributors one cannot avoid the criti- cism too eclectic. Without a new hope, a new point of view,a minor philosophy of some sort, a new review cannot live.Even with this advantage such a review can as a rule onlycount on a spiritual existence after a brief and troubled ma- terial one. But that surely is the better fate. The faultwith so many yoUng reviews and young movements is thatthey are afraid to die. They will not go forth and perish ifperish they must, secure in the knowledge that what is im- mortal in them will survive the trifling defeat of bankruptcy.Rupert Brooke's "Letters from America" appear todayprefaced by a note from Henry James. As the work is prob- ably appearing simultaneously with you I will say nothingabout it.I will mention a few of the titles of the plays now runningat the theatres so that you can guess the kind of fare we areenjoying: There are "A Little Bit of Fluff," "Jerry," a farce;"Peg O' My Heart," "L' Enfant Prodigue," "The LoveThief," "The Basker," a comedy, and"The Merchant of Ven- ice," among others.An interesting revival of the old fashioned puppet showhas been held at the Aeolian Hall. The piece given was"Maria Marten, or the Murder in the Red Barn," a famousold puppet melodrama. Some idea of the captivating qualityof the dialogue may be perceived from this extract:,Maria: I have kept my promise to meet you at the RedBarn.William: I have brought you here to murder you.Maria: Oh, William!William: You are in a different social scale. I cannotmarry you. But none else shall possess you. Therefore youdie—Aha! Clara Tice as I See Her CLARA TICE is a little girl.Clara Tice is an artist. Her drawings are the expressionof a little girl's conception of line and color, of a little girlwho is an artist.It is the refreshing naivete in her naughty pictures that pleases the.eye. Did I say "that pleases the eye"? theyplease my eye. they had a right to hang there on the wallskJ* ' ,y, 'S'i'\ . i* ' \ - T *••••*!; ■«' «• ' i."of my garret. &gt; :It is up to you to think the same or to discard them.Have you ever listened to the chatter of a child'after itreturns home from an exciting expedition to the shoppingdistrict or from a show? It is a pity that we have no more?chances to listen to children, and that those who have themare usually too tired or too bored to lend an attentive earto those wonderful revelations of a child's untrained, un- sophisticated and pure mind.Clara Tice has a wonderful gift of seeing, of being im?pressed and of immediately recording. The movementexpressing a whole long story is more important to her thanthe anatomy of the organ expressing it. The joyfullestheight of merriment may be expressed in one kick of herleg. For the fraction of one second the skirts are flutteringin the air; the leg is exposed—perhaps high up to the hips,the body sways back, the eyes are- radiant, the shouldersdrawn according to the rhythm of the music—this all happensin a movement as quick as a flash. Clara Tice registers justthis as the one of the most importance.. She doesn't thinkof the exposed, disarranged dress, she doesn't see the dis*arranged hair, but only a beautiful line as the expressionof a beautiful emotion. Her splash of color gives radianceto the life of her emotions.While most of her drawings are draped with nothing moresubstantial than a very fine gauze, they do not impress us asnudes. They are clad with the purity of beauty. They canbe used as well for extra illustrating the Arabian Nights orthe works of Boccaccio as well as very appropriate decora- tion for a nursery or a girl's living room.Miss Tice is an artist. And even if she does not seem to beinterested in the small details like hands or feet or faces,her pictures contain the rhythm of life. They bring to usvisions from the fields of the innocent, of the eternally happy.They please our eyes.What higher mission can a drawing have than to pleasethe eye? Dim Reflections Meg Kerner. The face is the mirrorOf the soul, so they say,Then why paint the mirrorTo hide the soul away?Those twinkling eyesAs they spark with glee,And the sweet kind expressionWhile they talk to me.But over the mirror,Is a mask, to betrayA soul obscured,By a dim faddist's ray. Bruno's Garget—Catalogue Illustre Guido Bruno £LARA TICE pictures through thecolors and movements of herdrawings the follies and foolery of all of us.One movement (quicker than a flash)can portray the characteristics of anage.Delicate but vigorous. Graceful butstrong. Lean and lazy but lots oflatent power.Cats, women, flowers, jewels, delicateshades of colors, strong streams oflight, black brutes, white giants, girlswith red, and golden, and black hair,prayers, tears, laughter, dance ;Harmony and peace hover overeverything! Soundless tunes of anunplayed sonata of Mozart's diffusedthrough the air.Our Lives! - v Fake News From Mexico William Marion Reedy in his St. Louis Mirror. /V MERICAN journalism signally discredits Itself in its newstreatment of the army expedition into Mexico to captureand punish Villa and his banditti. We know that there isabsolutely no authentic news of the expeditionary corps, butevery day we are treated to bro.ad spreads with flaring head- lines purporting to tell us where Villa is hiding, how he isbeing surrounded and how the march progresses. All this"news" is faked. So are the stories of defections ofCarranzitas to the Villa forces, and the tales of concentratingGerman or even Japanese officers at various points to directa general attack upon the American forces. Pure imagina- tion is the only content of startling announcements of ageneral Mexican uprising in support of Villa. The wholeMexican incident is imagined and distorted into a dangerwhich it cannot possibly be. There is no need to fear aslaughter of our forces. In all Mexico there is not enoughammunition for one fair-sized battle. The war suppliesthat were sent from this country are stopped. None can beprocured from Europe or Japan. There is no authoritativeinformation coming out of Mexico to justify the scare thenewspapers are trying to create. President Wilson wiselywarns us that much of this scare stuff had its origin amongpersons who have an interest in making the pursuit of Villadevelop into a general intervention,and occupation of Mexico.The chase after Villa may be long and difficult, but. it neednot become a war of invasion. Discount heavily the sensa- tional newspaper dispatches supposed to come from Mexico.They are probably concocted in order to work up sentimentfor another such outrage as the war against old Santa Anna. Chinese Letters By Allan W. S. Lee (Wuhu, China) "TODAY we had one of those delightful and spectacular lit- tle storms which come up all of a sudden with a shriekand howl of a great wind that whines and moans around thehouse, and then tears along bending the trees that franti- cally beat the air. The willows lash the quiet ponds withtheir long, green wisps of hair; the flowers and shrubs crouchlow against the house or garden wall."Then comes a great hissing sound over the hill, and aslanting wall of rain rushes down on the garden, beating andstamping it in fury. The sky is full of galloping forms tear- ing, huge and majestic across the sky—great war horses, ofthe Mahruts that rear and plunge, while above the roar andcrash of Mighty Indra makes the frightened earth trembleand shiver with dread."Now they are over Purple Mountain, a couple of milesaway, and through a rift in the silver gray clouds the sunshines down on the hill of graves which glows like burnishedgold, and all is quiet again—the storm has passed.""All around this compound are rice fields, and in the earlymornings one hears the strange, little songs, plaintive, elusiveand beautiful, of the women working in the fields. The lifeof the country people is certainly to be found in their songs, vand there is a great opportunity for some musician to writea Chinese symphony. I think the fascinating little tunescould easily be interpreted to foreign ears." Chicago Letter John Stapleton Cowley-Brown. Chicago Office of Bruno's Weekly3124 Michigan AvenueApril Ist, 1916. ALL is quiet along the Boul Mich, save a noise from theCliff Dwellers club -Hamlin Garland blowing hisown horn.John T. McCutcheon is back from Saloniki—his stay thereit is said was cut short by representations made by the FrenchCounsel in Chicago as to Hoosier John's pro-German cartoonsand'letter-press in the World's Best Newspaper, the Chicago"Tribune."Nevertheless John need never fear about his decliningyears—he can always live in the castle on the Rhine pre- sented to him and James O'Donnel Bennett when Arma- geddon was young.The annual exhibition of American artists at the Art Insti- tute is over. The exhibition received scant critical attention,for the reason that Chicago has but three art-critics, namely,Miss Harriett Monro, who can write but who knows nothingabout art (?) Miss Lena McCauley, who knows somethingabout art, but who cannot write, and a Dr. Monagelas, whoknows nothing about art and who cannot write.Yet Chicago's art criticism is less at its reader than is its dramatic criticism. Blanche Ring's new medium "Jane,O'Day From Broadway" by Willard Mack, has just fizzled,out, after the critics had fallen over each other in landing it.The Chicago public you see has heard "Wolf, Wolf"! shoutedso often without any "wolf" showing up that they take allcritical verdicts in a Pickwickian sense. Nearly all theChicago dramatic critics graduated from night-police, theyshould return whence they came. The Hearst paper critic*Ashton Stevens, is a cheap and nasty imitation of the nastyand cheap Alan Dale; Percy Hammond repeats what wasnever worth writing; Amy Leslie has a flow of words, sansideas; Richard Henry Little, who when Glaucen was Consulwas known as length without breadth, "does" the drama forthe "Herald" and does it so amateurishly that one wondersif proprietor "Jim" Keeley ever reads his own paper; oldman Hall on the "Journal" seems in his fourth childhood,while Cheeky Charley Collins, on the not dead but sleeping"Evening Post" writes sloshmushgush on chorus-girls (aselected few) but knows not that Salvini is dead, or confusesthat tragedian with Sapolio.Howard Vincent O'Brien, whose dad runs a picture-storelin the McCormick Building, has entered his maiden offence"New Men for Old" in the "Great American Novel" Stakes.Unless all the other competitors break their legs, Mr.O'Brien's entry will be a distant trailer. As a literary exer- cise, young Mr. O'Brien should study Opie Read's "The NewMr. Howerson", a new work by an old master the productof a mind matured in philosophy, and mellowed in kindnessand patience for all mankind, and mankind's foibles, a mindto which nothing human is alien, and from which no secretsare hid. For Opie Read has done admirably what now youngO'Brien has egregiously botched. Their theme, the strugglebetween Capital and labor is cognate, and each writer givesshort shift to the cuckoos that lay their eggs in labor's nest;as it were, and whose greedy fledglings crowd the legitimateowner out, but their respective treatments of their not strik-,ingly original theme differ as authentic bourbon from. Can- adian whiskey.Hall Caine's latest", unfortunately not "last" novel isenscribed "To My Mother." So is the latest atrocity froma soi-disant Chicagoan, from that machine for blackening'inoffensive white paper, George Barr McCutcheon. Authorsnowadays have mighty little respect for their mother.Emerson Hough, one of the fine flowers of Cook County's,concatenated literati has sold "Munsey's" a serial. Was,"Bob" Davis asleep at the switch?Hobart Chatfield-Taylor, whose books have killed many.,himself is in the pink of health. He is at Palm. Beach withbis valet Wallace Trite. He had just pompously registered,as "Hobart Chatfield-Taylor, Chicago."When waggish Jack London went him one better byregistering: "Jack London and Valise." .When the. time c.omes for this amiable dilettante to join hiSr.betters, I would suggest the following epitaph for his tomb-,stone: "Epitaph for Chatfield-Taylor." ."Chat?' loved to ioll on Me Parnassian mount,'His pen tp suck and, all ,hisr to countWhat poetry, he'd written fiut for lack• Of skill, ,&lt;tuhen he had counted, to count back.Alas, no More he'll climb the sacred SteepTo zvake the lyre and Put the world to sleep..r. In Our Village (Reprinted, by request) JtyfY garret has six windows. Through every one the sunis shining, bathing the table with the typewriter ina shower of pure golden rays. The laundry that hangsalong wash lines between'the houses of little Italy near byseems real white, swinging joyfully to the rhythm of a teas- ing wind. A few-Of'rrty neighbors seem to love vivid, glar- ing colors. There is one red nightshirt, on which I feastmy eyes every other week. Its owner must be a giant withlong arms. I f&amp;ricy he brought it from Naples or Sicily..The shirt will fade and will go the way of all shirts andhe'll buy nice flannel pajamas—all Italians wear pajamas..There are dozens of them On the lines in front of my window;and'he will forget his sunny Italy and lose his sun-brownedcheeks, and how long Will it be and he will be one of thethousands of pale/ uniformly clad New Yorkers?Doing the same work, shoulder to shoulder with thousandsof others makes people uniform. Some elevate themselvesup to the standard of the average, some come down to the- standard of the avearge. But after a while they will all beequal, they all will wear the same clothes, they will walk inthe same manner, they will eat the same kind of food, makethe same gestures, use the same language: and all for onepurpose to make their daily bread.Over there across the back yard in front of my garret awoman leans over the washtub. She never looks up to thcfforget-me-not, blue, sky; she doesn't see the sparrows fightingfor crumbs of bread on the fence. .Her husband leans some- where in a shop over his work and is angry because tinylittle .rays of the kind sun peep through the blinded window,;fascinated by the needle in his hand and dance in jolly littlecircles Over, his work. Not to become paupers is the tragedythat kills happiness, transforms proud and free humans into,bent arid worn slaves; that creates human automatons.It is the lack of time that makes millions wretched. Theycannot look up to the skies and see the passing clouds—they have not time. They cannot see the awakening of spring,the growth of youth in nature—they have no time. They do iiot admire the beauty and the colors of flowers—they do notsmelly their fragrance-—they have no time. They don't hearthe birds singing; they don't hear the cooing of babies andthe heart gladdening chattering of children—they have notime.Time, time—oust a little time to live is the real plea of thepoor man.And how beautiful is life—how wonderful is just real life,even without the comforts and blessings of civilization. Lifeis love, but we need time—just time to do nothing but to liveand to love. Book-Plate Notes. will be honored this year throughout theUnited States. Schools, universities, and organizations ofvarious kinds are planning fitting forms of observing theShakespeare Tercentenary. With the purpose of furtherstimulating interest in the works of the great poet, the Amer- ican Institute of Graphic Arts, in conjunction with theShakespeare Birthday Committee of the City of New York*will conduct a BOOKPLATE CONTEST. The prizes to beawarded should be an incentive, but the pleasure of designing- a. bookplate, in the spirit of Shakespeare should be the chiefstimulus.The contest is open to all persons who desire to compete.Drawings to be awarded exclusively to a Shakespeareanmotif. More than one drawing may be submitted by oneindividual. Drawings to be sent prepaid addressed as follows:The American Institute of Graphic Arts, 344 West 38thStreet, New York. Prizes to be as follows: First Prize,$100.00; Second Prize, $60.00; Third Prize, 40.00.The contest closes May 15, 1916.The Regular May Meeting of the American BookplateSociety will be held at the Avery Library, Columbia Uni- versity, Saturday afternoon, May 6th, at 2.30 p. m., G. H. Sears of Leighton, Essex, England, announces thesale of a very interesting collection of old English and Ameri- can ex libris, including some modern examples by C. W.Sherborn. There are also Beardsley plates, original designson vellum for G. H. Ashworth.Richmond, Indiana has an exhibition of Book Plates aswe learn from Miss White's "Little Paper". Original draw- ings and plates by the late Raymond Perry White, by MissFlorence Fox, whose group of book plates formed abouthalf the exhibit and some of Carl Bernhardt's etchings, wereof importance. The new plates of the Morrison-Reeveslibrary are the composite work of two men and one woman. Books and Magazines of the Week "The Passing of the Kditor" is one of the many fine con- tributions to the March "Fhoenix", Michael Monahan'smonthly magazine of Individuality. Richard le Galliennesays in this article a few things which are true, even be theynot pleasing to the cirs of many an editor and publisher inthis country.# "The word 'edito**', as applied to the conductors of maga- zines and newspaper*, is rapidly becoming a mere courtesytitle; for the powers and functions formerly exercised byeditors properly so called, are being more and more usurpedby the capitalist pr"&gt;or etor. There are not a few magazineswhere the "editor" has hardly more say in the acceptance ofa manuscript than the contributor who sends it in. Feware the editors left «vho uphold the magisterial dignity andawe with which the name of editor was wont to be invested.These survive owin,-j chiefly to the prestige of long service,and even they are not always free from the encroachments ofthe new method. The proprietor still feels the irksomenecessity of treat-ng their editorial policies with respect,though secretly chafing for the moment when they shallgive place to more manageable modern tools. The "new"editor, in fact, is little more than a clerk doing the biddingof his proprietor, and the proprietor's idea of editing isslavishly to truckle to the public taste—or rather to hiscrude conception of the public taste. The only real editorsof to-day are the capitalist and the public. The nominaleditor is merely an office-boy of larger growth, and slightlylargely salary.*Innocent souls still, of course, imagine him clothed withdivine powers, and letters of introiuction to him are stillsought after by the superstitious beginner. Alas! the chancesare that the better b? thinks of your MS. the less likelyis it to be accepted by—the proprietor; for Mr Snooks, theproprietor, has dec&gt;de.l tastes of his own, and a peculiardistaste for anything remotely savoring of the 'literary.'" The Poetry Review . William Stanley Braithwaite, the Dean of Poetry editorsof America, the anthologist who preserves American maga- zine verse for future generations yearly in a nicely-boundguilt-edged book, has founded a magazine of his own. Withhim are all those well known exponents of new verse as thatamicable, soulful Amy Lowell and Sara Teasdale, LouisUntermeyer etc., et:.Here is what the editor tells in his prospectus: "The spiritof the Poetry Review of America will be one of advancementand cooperation; the desire to serve the art of poetry and toconsolidate public interest in its growth an dpopularity—toquicken and enlarge the poetic pulse of the country. Inthis spirit, we propose to our contemporaries in the field a union of effort and mutual encouragement; to the poetsof America an open forum and a clearing-house for waysand means to serve the art,we all love; to the poetry Treadingpublic of. our country we pledge a never-ceasing striving for.the best in American poetry, and a constant .effort to bringout the strength and joy to be derived .thereirom. : :• Branch Library News A very timely selection of titles of books on military edu- cation are printed on the pages of thjs month s BranchLibrary News, the monthly publication of the, New YorkPublic Library. They are compiled at the request of theCommittee on Military Education of the American DefenseSociety. The books named are simple,-non-technical works,nearly all of them intended for the reader without previousknowledge or experience of this subject. , &lt; Edison Diamond Points Even if it is a trade paper and primarily of interest onlyto people engaged in the selling of Edison Diamond Discsit contains a lot of material of interest to almost everybodywho wishes to know a little bit, more .Aifrcrican artistsand musicians, than the average newspaper or magazinearticle will contain. There is, for instance, a chat withAlbert Spalding, the Violinst, "The Spell.of Saplding? Bow .The department "With the Edison Artists'.. is a , kaledeiscopeevcrydsy life of men and women famous in both hemi- spheres. Poetry Harriet Monroe's magazine which , just entered upon itsfourth year of existence has a new cover design. This is awelcome change to the otherwise little variety - this journalhas to offer. The Last of the War Correspondents You did not know he wrote books? Mostly on trains hefinds time for that. But then a train going through Siberiain the Russian-Japanese war took over two months. He wason it. The party left the train forty days, because they wereall imaginative and two of them were saying with the cartrucks: "Click clickety-click," and had been at it ten hours tothe exclusion of everything else. One of the two stoppedthe next day, but the other kept on jibbering and had to beleft behind. ... , .. ..No, the time with von Kriegelstein was very dull. On thetrain was Uriquidi going to join Villa. Best Mexican I know.Educated in Paris. Big electrical engineer. Atheistic ideal- ist is Uriquidi—if such is possible—and marvelous to tell,does not hate the Catholic Church. Small head has Urquidi,but a broad mind. An atheist who does not—. Learningsomething every minute. . ... •' Von Kriegelstein talks of a single star for an hour. Norepetition of adjectives. Perhaps because Mexican night isblack like jeweler's velvet with a handful of diamonds, scat- tered over the soft deep black and a smudge where jeweler spowder has been wiped away. There adventures in Torreon, where we get the wordof the highest authority that a Japanese army of twenty-fivethousand with rifles can be called on Villa's colors in fourdays. No, they will not cross the ocean in , that time..Francisco Madero could have had them before he finished thejfirst revolution. They are in lower California now. Authority?Only Francisco Madero's brother, General Emilio Madero.the chief adviser to Villa. Certainly, all the Maderosare , with; Villa, Pjerhaps, but it will be the first time theyhave backed a loser. ,We are in Chihuahua. It may be dangerous for the baronto see the great revolutionist. Villa is such a great democratthe baron had better discard his white suit and medals thatinfuriate people on the street. Once on a street a manhurries after him and seizes his coat and kisses it. He standsaside bowing humbly. The street is thronged and there islaughter. 1"I must register my character here also," the baron says.He does, but only with the cane."Never when you are with people like these who; are halfdeveloped must you fail to register yourself at once. Theyar fond of someone to fear. Never you will tell me thisrevolution is to free the people. All leaders who want to freethe people are discontented aristocrats. The other aristocratswill not let them have what they want, so they overturn theorder and take it themselves."I am going to wear these clothes. I call them my offensiveclothes. They register my personality and show tfc it I dowhat I please. There is one way to stop me and that is tokill me. But I have been in many places. So we will goto this Villa just as I am."Villa received him. A baron? Villa is delighted. Willall Europe know of his prowess? All Europe will and historyforever will record it even better than Juan Reed did in theMetropolitan Magazine. Villa is puzzled which John Reed?But Secretary Luis Aguirre Benavides remembers. Therewas such a young American long ago, before Torreon forOne or two days. No one with the forces now. Will thebaron step into the reception room of Villa's house? Thereis a twenty-five thousand dollar (not Mexican) chandelier.Yes, Villa is very fond of the beautiful chandelier. He likescomfort despite reports to the contrary. We have dinnerwith Villa and Mrs. Villa. The leader of the revolution usesa knife and fork better than the average American. You arefascinated by his eyes. Some fool said no leaders of menhave brown eyes. I think it was in the New York Journal.It doesn't matter. Villa has big soft looking brown eyesand according to form can never rise above a clerkship. Thatis why he is absolute ruler of millions in Mexico and morereally ruler than the Czar.Von Kriegelstein jokes with Villa and they indulge inhorse play. The officers are amazed. Never has he become familiar with anyone before. Surely von Krigelstein cannotbe right when he says Villa is a true aristocrat and is de«lighted to have a baron treat him as a companion. Will Villapose for some nice pictures? There is no need of him look- ing like a bandit for Europe. Will not General Villa goupstairs and put on some glad rags? See MetropolitanMagazine for proof, Villa is a plain citizen v*»o hates show.Villa comes down wearing a new uniform with, by actualauthenticated figures, fifteen pounds of gold braid that neversaw a brass foundry. Wall Street Reflections "Junius" THE seismograph of the stock market has shown no indi- cation of the disturbances either on land or sea, in othercation of the disturbances either on land or sea, in otherwords the Mexican outbreak or the new subamrine crisis;this strikes one as a very significant fact.The natural seasonal tendency is always upwards. Thisyear is no exception to the rule.The closing of the Southeri vacation season brings backto the financial centers a large number of Capitalists whowill no doubt take particular interest in the spring activity.At the present time the question of railroads is one of thegreat problems before this country. The industries of anation can be no bigger than its transportation accommoda- tions.t • -Our expert trade continues to break all records and it isgenerally believed that the threatened great strikes will beaverted. #i * .Bankers admit that the investing public is more dis- criminating in their purchasers than at any time this yearand that there is extension buying of good Securities in con- nection with the reinvestment of April dividend money. Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, andedited and written by Guido Bruno, both at 58 WashingtonSquare, New York City. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of NewYork, N. Y., October 14th, 1915, under the Act of March3d, 1879. RARE BOOKS FIRST EDITIONSExtra Illustrated Books. Early Printed Books. Association Books,Books for Christmas Giftsp . -iPurchased singly or In sets for people who have neither time nor oppor-tunity to select for themselves, or for those who have not access to thebest book marts. Why not begin collecting nowTAddress, E. V., Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass. The Candlestick Tea RoomTHE CANDLESTICK TEA ROOM has arranged space forDancing every Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday night fromeight to eleven. Good Music and Fine Floor. Patrons of theTea Room welcome.17 WEST BTH STREETTEL. STUYVESANT 239* For Houses, Apartments or Rooms, SeePEPE &amp; BRO.REAL ESTATE AIID INSURANCE40 So. Washington SquareTelephone 4119 Spring Cor. of MacDougal Street Being a bookINWH I C H&lt;we say just what ive think. Published every month by Norman-BelGeddes at 756 Second Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. It is a littlebook uniquely illustrated. IVrite for sample copy. A Proposed Revival ofVALENTINE'S MANUALThere was but one David T. Valentine. There will never be another. The most wecan hope for is a renaissance of that spirit which, under his loving carev trans*formed his Manuals from a prosy record of daily events into a repository of suchfascinating anecdote and historical charm as to be forever a delight to the anti-quarian and the lover of Old New York.If interested in this project write for particulars to Henry Collins Brown, 15East 40th Street, N. Y. City, Secretary Society of Old New Yorkers. SCHMITT'SBAKERY and LUNCH ROOM80 SIXTH AVENUEBelow Eighth Street NEW YORK This Week's PerformancesAsk or write for ticket of admission to theMusicales. They are free. I BUY BOOKSSin(]« volumes, small lets, and libraries; autographletters of known literary men and artists, drawings,pictures and engravings. Address 'COLLECTOR," Cam of Bruno's Weekly, 58 Washington Sq. CHARLES KEELERIN RECITALS OF HIS OWN POEMSTHE VICTORY—Song* of Triumph. Price, one dollarELFIN SONGS OF SUNLAND. Third edition. G. P. Putnam'*Sons, New York &amp; London. Price $1.50.SONGS OF A WANDERER. In manuscriptTHE MIRROR OF MANHATTAN. In manuscriptDANCE RYTHMS. In manuscript.Mr. Keeler recites selections from all the above and his variedand unique programs are full of interest and inspiration bothin the text and delivery.In New York and vicinity until June. Now booking dates forCalifornia Tour in June, July and August.For terms and particulars and for copies of his books, addressLAURENCE J. GOMMEThe Little Bookshop Around the Corner2 East 29th Street New York City