The Signature 3 1 November 1915 naba_1915-11-01_01 The Signature 3 CONTENTS. 1 The Crown. III. D.H. Lawrence cre 3-12 The Little Governess. PART II. Matilda Berry cre 13-20 There was a Little Man... III. John Middleton Murry cre 21-30 . ■■ mBH HkflM SBHHbBW HvbHR nB HH HHHHrJaE&amp;BS* ®î'* W' «SïSMV vasErga? raissswaa'•' * .; .• ';\v . ', y 1 - , ' •.. '.;. .' * . . , • / " ' - ' ■ : 112; ■_ J. . " •' 'i'~ ■■ -■•.■■■■■ -, •••.'■■ •■.--■ • . . •'I November 1915. Number 3. Published by Subscription onlyat 12, Fisher Street,Southampton Row,W.C. LIBRARYOFPRINCETON UNIVERSITY THE SIGNATURE. THE CROWN. THE SIGNATURE. THE CROWN. THE SIGNATURE. THE CROWN. THE SIGNATURE. THE CROWN. THE SIGNATURE. THE SIGNATURE. THE LITTLE GOVERNESS. THE SIGNATURE. THE LITTLE GOVERNESS. THE SIGNATURE. THE LITTLE GOVERNESS. THE SIGNATURE. THE SIGNATURE. THERE WAS A LITTLE M AN. THE SIGNATURE. THERE WAS A LITTLE M AN. THE SIGNATURE. THERE WAS A LITTLE MAN. THE SIGNATURE. THERE WAS A LITTLE MAN THE SIGNATURE. Subscriptions of 2/6 for Six Copies to be sent toS, KOTELIANSKY,212, High Holborn, W,Ç. I, N arodiczky, Printer, 48, Mile End Ëoad. London, E. CONTENTS. . '' ■ ' 'v ' . **" '' ' ''. " ' . »The Crown ... ... D. H, Lawrence.' ' 'The Utile Governess ... Matilda Berry.There Was a Little Man John Middleton Murry.. The Crown. III. by D.H. Lawrence. The Flux of Corruption.The tiger blazed transcendent into immortal darkness.The unique phœnix of the desert grew up to maturity andwisdom. Sitting upon her tree, she was the only one of herkind in ail création, supreme, the zénith, the perfect aristocrat.She attained to perfection, eagle-like she rose in her nest andlifted her wings, surpassing the zénith of mortality ; so she wastranslated into the flame of eternity, she became one with thefiery Origin.In the nest was a little ash, a little flocculent grey dustwavering upon a blue-red, dying coal. The red coal stirredand gathered strength, gradually it grew white with heat, itshot forth sharp gold fiâmes. It was the young phœnix with- in the nest, with curved beak growing hard and crystal, likeil scimitar, and talons hardening into pure jewels.Wherein, however, is the immortality, in the constant oc- cupation of the nest, the widow's cruse, or in the surpassingof the phœnix ? She goes gadding off into flame, into her con- summation. In the flame she is timeless. But the ash with- in the nest lies in the restless hollow of time, shaken on thetall tree of the desert. It will rise to the same consummation'become absolute in flame.In a low, shady bush, far off, on the other side of theworld, where the rains are cold and the mists wrap the leavesin a chillness, the ring-dove presses low on the bough, whileher mate sends forth the last ru-cuooo of peace. The mistdarkens and ebbs-in in waves, the trees are melted away, ail things pass into a universal oneness, with the last re-echoingdove, peace, ail pure peace, ebbing in softer, softer waves to auniversal stillness.The dark blue tranquility is universal and infinité, thedoves are asleep in the sleeping boughs, ail fruits are fallenand are silent and eold, ail the leaves melt away into puremist of darkness,It is strange, that away on the other side of the worldthe tiger gleams through the hot-purple darkness, and wherethe dawn cornes crimson, the phœnix lifts her wings in ayawn like an over-sumptuous eagle, and passes into flame abovethe golden palpable fire of the desert.Here are the opposing hosts of angels, the ruddy choirs,the upright, rushing fiâmes, the lofty Cherubim that palpitateabout the Presence, the Source ; and then the tall, still angel ssoft and pearly as mist, who await round the Goal, the at- tendants that hover on the edge of the last Assumption.And from the seed two travellers set forth, in oppositedirections, the one concentrating towards the upper, ruddy,blazing sun, the zénith, the creative fire, the other towardsthe blue, cold silence, dividing itself and ever dividing itselftill it is infinité in the universal darkness,And at the summit, the zénith, there is a flash, a flame,as the traveller enters into infinité, there is a red splash asthe poppy leaps into the upper, fiery eternity. And far belowthere is unthinkable silence as the roots ramify and divideand pass into the oneness of unutterable silence.The flame is gone, the flower has leapt away, the fruitripens a- d falls, Then dark ebbs back to dark, and light tolight, hot to hot, and cold to cold. This is death and decayand corruption. And the worm, the maggot, these are theministers of séparation, these are the tiny clashing ripples thatstill ebb together, when the chief tide has set back, to flowutterly apart.This is the terror and wonder of dark returning to darkand of light returning to light, the two departing back to their Sources. This we cannot bear to think of. It is thetemporal flux of corruption, as the flux together was the tem- poral flux of création. The flux is temporal. It is only theperfect meeting, the perfect utter interprétation into oneness,the kiss, the blow, the two-in-one, that is timeless and absolute.And dark is not willing to return to dark till it hasknown the light, nor light to light till it has known the dark,till the two hâve been consummated into oneness. But the actof death may itself be a consummation, and life may be astate of négation.It may be that our state of life is itself a déniai of theconsummation, a prévention, a négation; that this life is ournullification, our not-being.It may be that the flower is held from the search of thelight, and the roots from the dark, like a plant that is pot- bound. It may be that, as in the autumnal cabbage, the lightand the dark are made prisoners in us, their opposition isovercome, the ultimate moving has ceased. We have forgot- ten our goal and our end. We have enclosed ourselves in ourexfoliation, there are many little channels that run out intothe sand,This is evil, when that which is temporal and relative as- serts itself eternal and absolute. This I, which I am, has 110being save in timelessness. 111 my consummation, when that whichcame from the Beginning and that which came from the Endare transfused into oneness, then I come into being, I haveexistence. Till then I am only a part of nature: I am not,If I say that I am, this is false and evil. I am not.Among us ail, how many have being ? — too few. Our indiv- iduality, our personality is no more than an accidentai cohésionin the flux of time. The cohésion will break down and ut- terly cease to be. The atoms will return into the flux of theuniverse. And that unit of cohésion which I was will vanishutterly. Matter is indestructible, spirit is indestructible. Thisof us remains, in any case, général in the flux. But the soulthat has not come into being has no being for ever. The soûl does not come into being at birth. The soûl cornes intobeing in the midst of life, just as the phœnix ïn her matur- ity becomes immortal in fiame, That is not her perishing : itis her becoming absolute. If she did not pass into flame, shewould never really exist. It is by her translation into firethat she is the phœnix. Otherwise she were only a bird, atransitory cohésion in the flux.It is absurd to talk about ail men being immortal, ailhaving soûls. Very few men hâve being at ail. They perishutterly, as individuals. Their endurance afterwards is the en- durance of Matter within the flux, non-individual. Most menare just transitory natural phenomena, Whether they live ordie does not matter : except that every failure in the part isa failure in the whole. Their death is of no more matter thanthe cutting of a cabbage in the garden, an act utterly apartfrom grâce.They assert themselves as important, as absolute mortals.They are just liars. When one cuts a fat autumnal cabbage,one cuts off a lie, to boil it down in the pot.They are ail just fat lies, these people, these many people,these mortals. They are innumerable cabbages in the regu- lated cabbage plot. And our great men are no more thanMrs. Wiggs of the Cabbage Patch.The cabbage is a nice fat lie. That is why we eat it. Itis the business of the truthful to eat up the lies. A cow isa lie, and a pig is a lie, and a sheep is a lie, just the same :these sacrificial beasts, these lambs and calves, become fat lieswhen they are allowed to persist.The cabbage is a lie because it asserts itself as a per- manency, in the state wherein it finds itself. In the swirl ofthe Beginning and the End, stalk and leaves take place.But the stalk and leaves are only the swirl of the waves.Yet they say, they are absolute, they have achieved a per- manent form. It is a lie., Their universal absolute is onlythe far-off dawning of the truth. And dawn is nothing exceptin relation to that which cornes after, But they say, "We are the consummation and the reality,we are the fulfilment." This is pure amorphousness. Eachone becomes a single, separate a single separate nullity.Having started along the way to eternity, they say, "We arethere, we have arrived," and they enclose themselves in thenullity of the falsehood.Then they are wealthy and fat. They go no further, sothey beconie wealthy. Ail that great force which would carrythem naked over the edge of time, into timelessness, intobeing, they convert into fatness, into having. And they arefull of self-satisfaction. Having no being, they assert theirartificial completeness, and the life within them becomes awill-to-have ; which is the expression of the will-to-persist, inthe temporary unit. Selfishness is the subjugating of ail thingsto a false entity, and riches is the great flux over the edgeof the bottomless pit, the falsity, the nullity. For where is therich man who is not the very bottomless pit ? Travel nearer,nearer, nearer to him, and one cornes to the gap, the hole, theabyss whero his soul should be. He is not. And to stop up hishollowness, he drags ail things unto himself.And what are we ail, ail of us, collectively, even the poor- est, now, in this âge ? We are only potentially rich men. Weare ail alike. The distinction between rich and poor is purelyaccidentai. Rich and poor alike are only, each one, a pit-headsurrounding the bottomless pit. But the rich man, by pour- ing vast quantities of matter down his void, gives himself amore pleasant illusion of fulfilment than the poor man canget: that is ail, Yet we would give our lives, every one ofus, for this illusion.There are no rich or poor, there are no masses and middleclasses and aristocrats. There are myriads of framed gaps, people,and a few timeless fountains, men and women. That is ail.The current idéal is to be a gap with a great heap ofmatter around it, which can be sent clattering down. Themost sacred thing is to give ail y our having so that it canbe put on the heaps that surround ail the other bottomless pits. If you give away ail your having, even your life, then,you are a bottomless pit with no sides toit. Which is infinité,So that to become infinité, give away ail your having, evento your life. So that you will achieve immortality yourself.Like the heroes of the war, you will become the bottomlesspit itself; but more than this, you will be contributing to thepublic good, you will be one of those who make blessed his- tory : which means, you will be heaping goods upon the dwind- ling heaps of superfluity that surrounds these bottomless livesof the myriad people. If we poor can each of us hire a ser- vant, then the servant will be like a stone tumblingalways ahead of us down the bottomless pit. Whichcreates an almost perfect illusion of having a solid earth be- neath us.Long long ago we agreed that we had fulfilled ail purposeand that our only business was to look after other people,We said; "It is marvellous, we are really complété." If therégulation cabbage, hide-bound and solid, could walk about onhis stalk, he would have been very much as we were, twentyor thirty years ago. He would have thought of himself as wethought of ourselves, he would have talked as we talked ofthe public good.But inside him, proper and fine, the heart would have beenknocking and urgent, the heart of the cabbage. Of coursefor a long time he would not hear it. His good, envelopinggreen leaves outside, the heap round the hole, would haveclosed upon him very early, like Wordsworth's "Shades of theprison house," very close and complété and gratifying.But the heart would beat within him, beat and beat, growlouder and louder, till it was threshing the whole of his in- side rotten, threshing him hollow, till his inside began to de- vour his consciousness.Then he would say : "I must do something." Lookinground, he would see little dwindly cabbages struggling in thepatch, and would say: "So much injustice, so much suffer- ing and poverty in the world, it cannot be." Then he would set forth to make dwindly cabbages into proper, fine cabbages.So he would be a reformer.He would kick, kick, kick against the conditions whichmake some cabbages poor and dwindly, most cabbages poorerand more dwindly than himself. He would but be kickingagainst the prieks.But it is very profitable to kick against the pricks. Itgives one a sensation, and saves one the necessity of bursting.If our reformers had not had the prickly wrongs of the poorto kick, so that they hurt their toe quite sorely, they mightlong ago have burst outwards from the enclosed form in whichwe have kept secure.Let no one suffer, they have said. No mouse shall becaught by a cat, no mouse. It is a transgression. Everymouse shall become a pet, and every cat shall lap milk inpeace, from the saucer of utter benevolence.This is the millennium, the golden âge that is to be, whenail shall be domesticated, and the lion and the léopard andthe hawk shall come to our door to lap milk and to peck thecrumbs, and no sound shall be heard but the lowing of fatcows and the baa-ing of fat sheep,This is the Green Age that is to be, the âge of the per- fect cabbage. This our hope and our fulfilment, for this,in this hope, we lived and we died.So the virtuous, public-spirited ones have suâered bitterlyfrom the aspect of their m}~riad more-or-less blighted neigh- bours, whom they love as themselves. They have lived anddied to right the wrong conditions of social injustice.Meanwhile, the threshing has continu ed at the core ofus, till our entrails are threshed rotten. We are a wincingmass of self-consciousness and corruption, within our plausiblerind. The most unselfish, the most humanitarian of us ail, heis the hollowest and fullest of rottenness. The more rottenwe become, the more insistent and insane becomes our desireto ameliorate the conditions of our poorer, and maybe health- ier neighbours. Fools, vile fools ! Why cannot we acknowledge and admitthe horrible puise and thresh of corruption within us. Whatis this self consciousness that palpitates within us like a dis- ease ? What is it that threshes and threshes within us, drivesus mad if we see a cat catch a sparrow ?We dare not know. Oh, we are convulsed with shamelong before we ccme to the point. It is indecent beyondendurance to think of it.Yet here let it be told. It was the living desire for im- mortality, for heing, which urged us ceaselessly. It was thebud within the cabbage, threshing, threshing, threshing. Andnow, oh our convulsion of shame, when we must know this •We would rather die.Yet it shall be made known. It was the struggling ofthe light and darkness within us, towards consummation, to- wards absoluteness, towards flowering. Oh, we shriek withanger of shame as the truth cornes out : that the cabbageis rotten within because it wanted to straddle up into weaklyfiery flower, wanted to straddle forth in a spire of ragged, yel- low, inconsequential blossom.Oh God, it is unendurable, this révélation, this disclosure,it is not to be borne. Our soûls perish in an agony of self- conscious shame, we will not have it.Yet had we listened, the hide-bound cabbage might haveburst, might have opened apart, for a venturing forth of thetcnder, timid, ridiculous clusterof aspirations, that issue in littleyellow tips of flame, the flowers naked in eternity, naked abovethe staring unborn crowd of amorphous entities, the cabbages-But the crowd of not-being, of null entities, they were toostrong, too many. Quickly they extinguished any shoot oftender immortality from among them, violently they adheredto the null rind and to the thresh of rottenness within.Still the living desire beat and threshed at the heart ofus, relentlessly. And still the fixed will of the temporal formwe have so far attained, the static, mid-way form, triumphedin assertion. Yet constantly the rising flower pushed and thrust at thebelly and heart of us, thrashed and beat relentlessly. If itcould not beat its way through into being, it must tlirash ushollow. Let it do so then, we said. This also we enjoy, tinsbeing th.resh.ed rotten inside. This is sensationalism, réductionof the complex tissue back through rottenness toits elements.And this sensationalism, this réduction back, became our verylife, our only form of life at ail. We enjoy it, it is our lust.It became at last a collective activity, a war, when, withinthe great rind of virtue we thresh destruction further andfurther, till our whole civilisation is like a great rind full ofcorruption, of breaking down, a mere shell threatened withcollapse upon itself.And the road of corruption leads back to one eternity.The activity of utter going apart has, in eternity, a resuitéquivalent to the resuit of utter coming together. The tigerrises supreme, the last brindled flame upon the darkness ; thedeer melts awav, a blood-stained shadow received into the ut- ter pallor of light; each having leapt forward into eternity,at opposite extremes. Within the closed shell of the Christianconception, we lapse utterly back, through réduction, back tothe Beginning. It is the triumph of death, of décomposition.And the process is that of the serpent lying prone in thecold, watery fire of corruption, flickering with the fiowing-apartof the two streams. His belly is white with the light flowingforth from him, his back is dark and brindled where the dark- ness returns to the Source. He is the ridge where the twofloods flow apart. So in the orange-speckled belly of the newt,the light is taking leave of the darkness, and returning to thelight; the imperious, demon-like crest is the flowing home ofthe darkness. He is the god within the flux of corruption,from him proceeds the great retrogression back to the Begin- ning and back to the End These are our gods.There are elsewhere the golden angels of the Kiss, thegolden, fiery angels of strife, those that have being when we cornetogether, as opposites, as compléments coming to consumma- tion. There is delight and triumph elsewhere, these angels soundtheir loud trumpets. Then men are like brands that hâve burstspontaneously into fiame, the phœnix, the tiger, the glisteningdove, the white-burning unicorn.But here are only the angels that cleave asunder,terrible and invincible. With cold, irrésistible hands they putus apart, they send like unto like, darkness unto darknessThey thrust the seas backward from embrace, backward fromthe locked strife. They set the cold phosphorescent flame oflight flowing back to the light, and cold heavy darkness flow- ing back to the darkness. They are the absolute angels ofcorruption, they are the snake, the newt, the water-lily.I cease to be, m y darkness lapses into utter, stone dark- ness, my light into a light that is keen and cold as frost.This goes on within the rind. But the rind remains per- manent, falsely absolute, my false absolute knowledge of goodand evil. Till the work of corruption is finished; then therind also, the public form, the civilisation, the established con- sciousness of mankind disappears as well in the mouth of theworm, taken unutterably asunder by the hands of the angelsof séparation. It ceases to be, ail the civilisation and ail theconsciousness, it passes utterly away, a temporary cohésion inthe flux. It was this, this rind, this persistent temporarycohésion, this was evil, this alone was evil, And it destroysus ail before itself is destroyed. The Little Governess. PART II. by Matilda Berry. "Pardon ! Pardon !" The sliding back of the carriage doorwoke her with a start. What had happened? Some onehadcome in and gone out again. The old man sat in his corner,more upright than ever, his hands in the pockets of his coat,frowning heavily. "Ha! ha! ha!" came from the carriagenext door. Still half asleep she put her hands to her hair tomake sure it wasn't a dream. "Disgraceful !" muttered theold man more to himself than to her. "Common, vulgar fel- lows ! I am afraid they disturbed you, gracious Fraulein,blundering in here like that." No, not really. She was justgoing to wake up, and she took out her silver watch to lookat the time. Half-past four. A cold blue light filled thewindow panes. Now when she rubbed a place she could seebright patches of fields, a clump of white houses like mush- rooms, a road 'like a picture' with poplar trees on either side,a thread of river. How pretty it was ! How pretty and liowdifférent ! Even those pink clouds in the sky looked foreign.It was cold, but she pretended that it was far colder andrubbed her hands together and shivered, pulling at the collarof her coat because she was so happy.The train began to slow down. The engine gave a longshrill whistle, They were coming to a town. Taller houses,pink and yellow, glided by, fast asleep behind their greeneyelids, and guarded by the poplar trees that quivered in theblue air as if on tiptoe, listening. In one house a womanopened the sliutters, flung a red and white mattress acrossthe window frame and stood staring at the train. A paiewoman with black hair and a white woollen sliawl over hershoulders. More women appeared at the doors and at thewindows of the sleeping houses. There came a flock ofsheep. The shepherd wore a blue blouse and pointed wooden slioes. Look ! look what flowers — and by the railway sta- tion too ! Standard roses like bridesmaids' bouquets, whitegéraniums, waxy pink ones that you would never see outof a greenliouse at home. Slower and slower. A manwith a watering can was spraying the platform. "A-a-a- -ah !" Somebody came running and waving his arms. A hugefat woman waddled through the glass doors of the stationwith a tray of strawberries. Oh, she was thirsty ! she wasvery thirsty ! "A-a-a-ah !" the same somebody ran backagain. The train stopped. The old man pulled his coat roundhim and got up, smiling at lier. He murmured somethingshe didn't quite catch, but she smiled back at him as heleft the carriage. While he was away the little governesslooked at herself again in the glass, shook and patted her- self with the précisé practical care of a girl who is oldenough to travel by herself and has nobody else to assureher that she is 'quite alright behind'. Thirsty and thirsty!The air tasted of water. She let down the window and thefat woman with the strawberries passed as if ïon purpose ;holding up tlie tray to her. "Nein, danke," said the littlegoverness looking at the big berries on their gleaming leaves."Wie viel?" She asked as the fat woman moved away."Two marks fifty, Fraulein." "Good gracious !" She camein from the window and sat down in the corner, very so- bered for a minute. Half a crown ! "H-o-o-o-o-o-e-e-e !"shrieked the train, gathering itself togetlier to be off again.She hoped the old man wouldn't be left behind. Oh, it wasdaylight everything was lovely if only she hadn't been sothirsty. Where was the old man — oh, liere he was — shedimpled at him as though he were an old accepted friend ashe closed the door and turning took from under his cape abasket of the strawberries. "If fraulein would honour meby accepting tliese...." "What, for me ?" But she drewback and raised her hands as though he were about to puta wild little kitten on her lap. "Oertainly, for you,'' saidthe old man. "For myself it is twenty years since I wasbrave enough to eat strawberries." "Oh, thank you very much. Danke bestens," she stammered, "sie sind so sehrschon !" "Eat them and see,'' said the old mari lookingpleased and friendly. "You won't hâve even one?" "No,no, no.'' Timidly and charmingly lier hand liovered. Theywere so big and juicy she had to taire two bites to tliem —the juice ran ail down lier fingers — and it was wliile shemunched the berries that she îirst thought of the old manas a grandfather. What a prefect grandfatlier lie wouldmake ! Just like one out of a book' !*The sun came out, the pink elouds in the eky, theetrawberry elouds were eaten by the bine. "Are they good ?Masked the old man. "As good as they look?"When she had eaten them she felt she had known himfor years. She told him about Frau Arnholdt and how shehad got the place. Did he know the Hôtel Grunewald ? FrauArnholdt would not arrive until the evening. He listened,listened until he knew as much about the affair as she did,until he said — not looking at her — but smoothing the palmsof his brown suede gloves togetlier : "I wonder if you wouldlet me show you a little of Munich today. Nothing much— but just perhaps a picture-gallery and the Englisclier Gar- ten. It seems sueh a pity that you should hâve to spendthe day at the hôtel, and also a little uncomfortable... in astrange place. Nicht wahr? You would be back there bythe early afternoon or whenever you wish, of course, andyou would give an old man a great deal of pleasure."It was not until long after she had said 'Yes' — becausethe moment she liad said it and lie had tlianked her lie be- gati telling her about his travels in Turkey and after of ro- ses — that she wondered whether she had done wrong.After ail, she really did not know him. But he was soold and he had been so very kind — not to mention thestrawberries... And she couldn't have explained the reasonwhy she said "No," and it was her last day in a way, herlast day to really enjoy herself in. "Was I wrong? was I?A drop of sunlight fell into her hands and lay there, warmand quivering. "If I might accompany you as far as the liotel," he suggested, "and call for you again at abolit teno'clock." He took ont his pocket-book and handed lier a card.'Herr Regierungsrat...' He had a title ! Well, it was boundto be ail right ! So after that the little governess gave her- self up to the excitement of being really abroad, to lookingout and reading the foreign advertisement signs, to beingtold about the places they came to — having her attentionand enjoyment looked after by the charming old grandfather— until they reached Munich and the Haupt Bahnhof. "Por- ter ! Porter !" He found her a porter, disposed of his ownluggage in a few words, guided her through the bewilderingcrowd out of the station down the clean white steps into thewhite road to the hôtel. He explained who she was to the man- ager as though ail this had been bound to happen, and then forone moment her little hand lost itself in the big brown suèdeones. "I will call for you at ten o'clock." He was gone."This way, Fraùlein," said a waiter, who had been dodg- ing behind the manager's back, ail eyes and ears for thestrange couple. She followed liim up two fliglits of stairsinto a dark bedroom. He dashed down her dress-basket andpulled up a clattering, dusty blind. Ugh ! what an ugly, coldroom — what enormous furniture ! Fancy spending the day inhere ! "Is this the room Frau Arnholdt ordered ?" asked thelittle governess. The waiter had a curious way of staring asif there was something funny about her. He pursed up hislips about to whistle, and then changed his mind. "Gewiss"lie said. Well, why didn't he go? Why did he stare so?"Gehen Sie," said the little governess, with frigid Englishsimplicity. His little eyes, like currants, nearly popped outof his doughy cheeks. "Gehen Sie sofort," she repeatediciJy. At the door he turned. "And the gentleman," saidhe, "shall I show the gentleman upstairs when he cornes?" Over the white streets big white clouds fringed withsilver— and sunshine everywhere. Fat fat coachmen drivingfat cabs; funny wotnen with little round liats cleaning the tramway lines ; people laughing and pushing against one an- other ; trees on both sides of the streets and everywhereyou looked almost, immense fountains ; a noise of laughingfrom tlie footpaths or the middle of the streets or the openwindows. And beside lier, more beautifully brushed than ever,with a rolled umbrella in one hand and yellow gloves in- stead of brown ones her grandfather who had asked her tospend the day. She wanted to run, she wanted to hang onhis arm, she wanted to cry every minute, "Oh, I am so fright- fully happy !" He guided her across the roads, stood stillwhile she 'looked' and his kind eyes beamed on her and hesaid 'just whatever you wish.' She ate two white sausagesand two little rolls of fresh bread at eleven o'clock in themorning and she drank some beer, which he told her wasn'tintoxicating, wasn't at ail like English beer, out of a glasslike a flower vase. And then they took a cab and really shemust have seen thousands and thousands of wonderful elassicalpictures in about a quarter of an hour ! "I shall have to tliinkthem over when lam alone"... But when they came out oftlie picture gallery it was raining. The grandfather unfurledhis umbrella and held it over the little governess. They start- ed to walk to the restaurant for lunch. She, very closebeside him so tha the should have some of the umbrella, too."It goes easier," he remarked in a detaclied way, "if you takerrs arm, Fraûlein. And besides it is the custom in Germany."So she took his armand walked beside him while he poiutedout the famous statues, so interested that he quite forgot toput down the umbrella even when the rain was long over.After lunch they went to a café to hear a gypsy band, but shedid not like that at ail. Ugh ! such horrible men were there withheads like eggs and cuts on their faces, so she turned her chairand cupped lier burning cheeks in her hands and watched herold friend instead... Then they went to the Englischer Garten."I wonder what the time is," asked the little governess."My watcli lias stopped. I forgot to wind it in the train lastnight. We've seen such a lot of things that I feel it mustbe quite late." "Late !" He stopped in front of lier laugh- ing and shaking his head in a way she had begun to know."Then you hâve not really enjoyed yourself. Late ! Why, wehave not had any ice cream yet !" "Oh, but I have enjoyedmyself," she cried, distressed, "more than I can possibly say.It lias been wonderful ! Only Frau Arnholdt is to be at thehôtel at six and I ought to be there by five." "So you shall.After the ice cream I shall put you into a cab and you cango there comfortably." She was happy again. The chocolatéice cream melted — melted in little sips a long way down.The shadows of the trees danced on the table cloths, and shesat with her back safely turned to the ornamental clock thatpointed to twenty-flve miautes to seven. "Really and truly,"said the little governess earnestly, "this has been the hap- piest day of my life. I've never even imagined such a day."In spite of the ice cream her grateful baby heart glowed withlove for the fairy grandfather.So they walked out of the garden down a long alley. Theday was nearly over. "You see those big buildings opposite,"said the old man. "The third storey — that is where I live.I and the old housekeeper who looks after me." She was veryinterested. "Now just before I find a cab for you, will youcome and see my little 'home' and let me give you a bottleof the attar of roses I told you about in the train? For re- membrance?" She would love to. "I've never seen a bach- elor's flat in my life," laughed the little governess.The passage was quite dark. "Ah, I suppose my old wo- man has gone out to buy me a chicken. One moment." Heopened a door and stood aside for her to pass, a little shybut curious, into a strange room. She did not know quitewhat to say. It wasu't pretty. In a way it was very ugly— but neat, and she supposed, comfortable for such an oldman. "Well, what do you think of it?" He knelt down andtook from a cupboard a round tray with two pink glasses anda tall pink bottle. "Two little bedrooms beyond," he saidgaily, "and a kitchen. It's enough, eh?" "Oh, quite enough.""And if ever you sliould be in Munich and care to spend aday or two — why there is always a little nest — a wing of a chicken, and a salad, and an old man delighted to be yourhost once more and many many times, dear little Fraû- lein !" He took the stopper out of the bottle and pouredsome wine into the two pink glasses. His hand shook andthe wine spilled over the tray. It was very quiet in the room.She said : "I think I ought to go now." "But you will havea tiny glass of wine with me — just one before you go ?"said the old man. "No, really no. I never drink wine. I— I have promised never to touch wine or anything likethat." And though he pleaded and though she felt dreadfullyrude, especially when he seemed to take it to heart so, shewas quite determined. "No, really, please." "Well, will youjust sit down on the sofa for flve minutes and let me drinkyour health." The little governess sat down on the edge ofthe red velvet couch and he sat down beside her and drankher health at a gulp. "Have you really been happy today?"asked the old man, turning round, so close beside her thatshe felt his knee twitching against hers. Before she couldanswer he held her hands. "And are you going to give me onelittle kiss before you go," he asked, drawing her closer still.It was a dream ! It wasn't true ! It wasn't the saineold man at ail. Ah, how horrible ! The little governess staredat him in terror. "No, no, no!" she stammered, strugglingout of his hands. "One little kiss. A kiss. What is it? Justa kiss, dear little Fraulein. A kiss." He pushed his faceforward, his lips smiling broadly ; and how his little blue eyesgleamed beliind the spectacles. "Never—never. How canyou !" She sprang up, but he was too quick and he held heragainst the wall, pressed against her his hard old body and histwitching knee and though she shook her head from side to side,distracted, he kissed her on the mouth. On the mouth ! Where nota soul who wasn't a near relation had ever kissed her before...She ran, ran down the street until she found a broad roadwith tramlines and a policeman standing in the middle likea clockwork doll. "I want to get a tram to the Haupt Bahn- hof," sobbed the little governess. "Fraulein ?" She wrungher hands at liira. "The Haupt Bahnhof. There — there's one now," and while lie watclied very much surprised, the littlegirl with her hat on one side crying without a handkerchiefsprang on to the tram — not seeing tlie conductor's eye- brows, nor hearing the hochwohlgebildete Dame talking herover with a scandalized friend. Sherocked herself and cried outloud and said "Ah, ah !" pressing her hands to her mouth. "Shelias been to the dentist," shrilled a fat old woman, too stupid tobe uncharitable. "Na, sagen Sie 'mal, what toothache ! Thechild hasn't one left in her mouth." While the tram swung andjangled through a world full of old men withtwitching knees When the little governess reached the hall of tlie HoteGrunewald the same waiter who had come into her room inthe morning was standing by a table, polishing a tray ofglasses. The sight of the little governess seemed to fill liimout with some inexplicable important content. He was readyfor her question ; his answer came pat and suave. "Yes,Fratilein, the lady lias been here. I told her that you hadarrived and gone out again immediately with a gentlemen,She asked me when you were coming back again — but ofcourse I could not say. And then she went to the manager."lie took up a glass from the table, held it up to the light,looked at it with one eye closed, and started polishing it witha corner of his apron. "...?" "Pardon, Fratilein ? Ach, no,Fraulein. The manager could tell her nothing — nothing."He shook his head and smiled at the brilliant glass. "Whereis the lady now ?" asked the little governess, sliuddering soviolently that she had to hold her handkerchief up to hermouth. "How should I know?" cried the waiter, and as heswooped past her to pounce upon a new arrivai his heart beatso hard against his ribs that he nearly chuckled aloud. "That'sit ! that's it !" he thought. "That will show her" And as heswung the new arrival's box on to his shoulders — hoop ! —as though he were a giant and the box a feather, he minc- ed over again the little governcss's words, "Gehen Sie. GehenSie sofort. Shall I ! Sliall I!" he shouted to liimself. There was a Little Man... III. By John Middleton Murry. "It's an obsession," as the lady says in one of the GeorgeMoore books ; and surely it's as bad to be obsessed by the ideaof freedom as it was for the lady to be worried by the visionof Mr. George Moore. The faculties are paralysed by the effortof digesting the indigestible ; and I believe that the longer themind prowls about the idea of freedom, the less substantialdoes the idea become, and at the last the mind is doing nomore than to chase its own tail round and round until itmistakes giddiness for ecstasy."But you should sit down and think things out," saysAdam. "There's a virtue cornes of solid thinking."I wonder. There are times — and this one - when itseems to one that the one thing of value to the soul is itsown discovery. That discovery is not made by thinking, forthinking proceeds only by making discovery look exactly likesomething we knew before. It allows no change in quality,but only a greater complication of known elements ; as a fac- ulty it battens upon changing the impulses of mind into habits,Therefore it diminishes the catastrophic shock of a contact withthe outer world, and by so much makes that world amenable toour discipline. But we despise things which can be made a- menable; they put off their particularity and are not. Weseek only that which is reluctant.No man loves another because his ideas sort with his own ;rather he will suspect him, and find in the agreement some subtle disparagement of his own individuality. Even thoughthe agreement seem identity he will deny it ; for ideas haveno living force of their own: they are parasites upon person- ality. If the person be living, then his ideas are alive; if hebe dead, then they are no more than sounding words. Andthe living bars between persons is not deeper than their ideas."I love you because you are you; I love your ideas, becausethey are part of you now. To-morrow they will give place tonew ideas, and I shall love those new ideas no less, for theywill be no less a part of you. But apart from you they arevain and valueless." No, where the contacts of some are fer- tile there is but little room for thinking and ideas.For what are ideas save the anatomy of a little man ata given moment ? The very condition of his living is thathis configuration should change incessantly, and ideas havetheir value in that they proclaim that at such a time thiswas the man's rough shape. And even so we must reniemberthat the'proclamation is made at the péril of the soul, for hemay be imprisoned within his own ideas either by himself' orby the world which receives them. Let this be avoided, stillthere is no place in his ideas for a man's most intimate be- liefs, just as anatomy cannot touch upon the soul. Thus itis that the ideas which have endured alive are least like ideas— Love and Freedom and their offspring, Immortalîty; forImmortality is only the refuge of Love that has been brokenand Freedom that has been denied in this life.And therein I have thought that I discern the cleavagebetween the great spiritual motions in man. There is thatwhich seeks Freedom and Love within this life, which mustreveal man triumpliant here and now. This is art; for thebeing and purpose of art is to justify life in life, It is be- come our conscious purpose, for Christ brought into the worldthe sword of a bitter knowledge. In vain they call upon usthat we should be classic. The classic spirit departed fromthe world, when life was declared to be not the end. Thoseheroes of old, they had no enemy to fight who could be com- pared to ours. They had but to glorify, we must justify life.They glorified it by the natural exercise of the free spirit thatwas born in them : our lives may pass in the struggle to thatwhich was their birthright. They danced for glee upon thepinnacle of the universe: it is our lot to climb the mountainon bloody knees and with tears.So there are those who have not the strength of this re- solution, and do not dream that life may be justified in life,whose sense of their own personality is not paramount : theselook to a Love and a Freedom which are not of this world.Therefore the gulf between religion and art is now fixed andimpassable. It may yet be truly said that for the artist arttakes the place of religion; but it is far truer to say that inthe religious man, religion has supplanted art. The rarer,stronger and more intensely human thing must have the pre- cedence...Here then is a man to whom neither religion nor phil- osophy can be the infallible index of reality, He lives by hisown inward conviction of life and his détermination to makeit triumph. He will be his own justification and his judge.Then, surely, apart from ail effort and détermination, heis justified because he is. No effort of his own can increasehis own reality, or diminish the reality of the things and per- sons about him. He is good, because he is, and things aregood because they are.It is not true. He is good in so far as he has attainedto free activity. His free action is good ; and outward thingshave their goodness as they conduce to this free expansion ofthe turing man.But the new freedom will not be as the old; it cannotbe. The bitter knowledge of evil is in our blood. We standsentry at the gâtes of the mind, denying, but the sentry sleepsand the knowledge enters in.Aye, there's the rub. Am I just blinking at life, silveringit over with my own personal idéal ? The cruelties, the best- ialities. The sufferings — these exist, not accidentai, but delibe- rate in men's soûls. Where are these in my philosophy ? Onechild niaimed and broken, — does not the whole thing crumbleinto dust ? Is that cruelty no more than a thwarted freedom ?Where shall the freedom be when the child is dead ? Willmy hard-won freedom outweigh one moment of helpless suf- fering ?If I say it does, for I forget the suffering, can I hold thatail this labour and pain is but the travail of bringing me tobirth ? My reasoning soul abhors it ; my instinct says that itis true. And I will say: Can I hold another thought uponit ? Even if evil be positive as good, and both be warringagainst each other, what else can I say ? That there is an- other life where evil is not ? Will that take the evil a way ?One child's suffering is enough to make Heaven a mockery.Shall I say that there is no good, seeing that the evil is therealways ? I cannot believe it. There is good. I know it, andI know that the good is freedom. And freedom must be myown, and another's own ; it belongs to persons and not tothe world.It belongs to a person as Christ's suffering upon the crosswere his own. He died for the world. I do not understandit. Surely one man's freedom, won in pain, is as true for theworld as one man's death. He said: I will die in this lifethat I may be free in the life to come, and you may be freein me. I say: I will live in this life that I may be free inthis life and you may be free in me.Is not mine the better creed ? Yet shall I live for twothousand years and people in their millions find their freedomin me ? I laugh at myself, and laugh again because otherswill find the thought blasphemous. Yet where is his potency,that is not in me.Did he have the thought that I have of life and the endof life, and then choose death ? Having my thoughts, surelyhe could not have chosen death. Or could he have chosendeath, yet not believing in the Father or the Spirit or themansions of the Kingdom of Heaven ? Would a man so great Have left behind him a legacy of deceit for the millions toinherit ?Oh Christ, man, tell me the answer. You seem so strangeto me, there on the Cross. I cannot speak with you; foryour words have not your meaning, but mine. I cannot besilent with you, for there is no bond of silence bètween us-We do not love, that our silence should speak.But tell me your thoughts. Did you seek freedom inthis life as I seek it ? Being man, and man above ail othermen, you must have sought it. Then death came upon youlike a thief in the night. They took you and crucified you»when the dream of freedom had but half been dreamt. Andlife — the half-life that you lived, the half-freedom that yousaw — seemed so barren, that at the last you looked for a free- dom to come.Or did you seek death ? How seeking death, could yoube man ? Did you in truth believe that your death wouldsave mankind from suffering and shame ? How could youbelieve that, being man ? Was the evil less when you weredead than it was before ? Had you been God, you would haveknown, and would not have deceived the world ; — but beingman, could you then have believed ?You will not speak to me. I see you there on the Cross,your hands twisted and cruelly nailed, your face pale withdrooping lids, your bended head, your pierced feet — and youhave no word for me. The angel Freedom spoke, but yourlips are closed. Only the words that once you spoke remain :and they are old and worn. Some I have made my ownagain. They are mine. I lived them. My blood made themalive. But the others are dead...I have a new word. In this life must life be justified.Will surrender and love and suffering in the hope of a lifeto come justify life to a man ? How can a man surrender,nor give himself to love and to suffering, unless his surrenderand his gift be free ? Yet how shall a free man deny life ?No, only they can deny who are not free, for freedom can- not be conceived save in terms of life, and lif'e cannot be con- ceived save in relation to the physical and moral harmony whichis its implanted form.And the freedom of a free man is infinité. Thereby heattains to be a vehicle of the free spirit; and the infinité hetouches is sterile and endless, not without bonnd and void,but truly infinité, controlled into harmony by its own inwardprinciple. Thereby his every act is become a note in the musicby which life and the reluctant universe are governed. Thenhe lives and is a man and life is justified in him, not bysulï'ering and mutilation but by the plenitude of a living soul.Do I then deny evil ? I deny it in myself. I cast itutterly out. It is there even yet in my soul, urging me tobe freedom's renegade. I will deny its Dominion. And there- by, am I not a Saviour ? Seeing that evil is in the soûls ofmen, if I deny its power with courage and not by weaknessand treachery, do I not conquer for ail men ? If ten menwill not listen to me, some one man will, and life will bevictorious and justified in him ; and to him again anotherwill listen, and to that other, others.Yet I am afraid of death !How should I not be afraid of death, seeing I am notfree. I have not seen the print of freedom's foot in the darkplaces of my soul. I have but learnt that whereto my lifemust tend and whereby it must be made harmonious and alive.Shall I die without the joy of this achievement, when myrace is not yet begun — die as a blackened seed without know- ing the full beauty of the flower, — die as a dreamer whohas dreamed a dream, not as a leader who has shown a path,— die without having felt the free wind blow upon my ownfree forehead, without having heard the joy of free living makemusic in my own free heart ? Can I die with nothing saidsave that this I dreamed I might attain, without having pro- claimed that this I saw in life and won for an example ? Letme feel this and say this and then I will freely die. Butwith a bare, fool fortnight to mock me — no, I mustlive. "Coward," says my heart again.Time was when I hearkened to you, my evil heart: butnow I know that you are evil. For at the least I know thatI am not afraid to be called coward. Is he a coward whowill not risk his life in a hazard, when he fights for his ownsoul ? I die and the question is over. It cannot be askedany more. I cannot answer it. I have shirked the issue andto no end,"You are but hungry for delights."What delight is there for me, ever vexed by the old im- patience, to know and try the truth of my own heart ? Whatdelights have I known ? What delights do I foresee ? Thinkyou that the joy of free living is sent down like the miracleof roses ? Or that it is bought with money ? The sacrificeis not less than his, who had great possessions. And dow, how I hate this pontifical parade of my ownV- self. I hate myself for choosing out words in which to clotheit magnificently, my 'think you' and my 'time was.' If thatis not the meanest and inost hypocritical slavery, then thereis no meanness and no slavery at ail. Ain I a Moses that Ishould speak words and carve them in monstrous letters ontables of stone ?I do not think it is a mean little self or even a coward.I am sure it is as good and true by itself as it is clothed inail the bookish paraphernalia. The trouble is not hard tounderstand. I continually forget that there is no one to listento me save myself. I strut about as though the world werefor my audience, hungrily watching my exits and my entrances.Fool that I am, to make even my truth look like a lie. Iam not that wooden actor on foot-high shoes, clothed like arainbow, but a little bundle of mean desires, feeble terrors andincipient honesties. A Saviour ! And I cannot even in thequiet of my own room save myself from writing big soundingwords to cover my own nakedness.But I say again, it was not ail a lie, I tried to speak The truth and even in my pompous speeches there is something of my truth hidden. Because I am unregenerate, it wasnot the whole truth. But were the bombast not there it wouldnot be me; were it not me it would not be true, and you, ifyou have the will to find me, will find me there, 110 less thanhere — a man, weak with vain pride, who fought with himselfwho fainted by the wayside, who blasphemed, who sold hisspirit for money, and envied others the success which in hissoul he despised.And why should you look for me? Weakness and prideagain. The thought that no one should look, that no oneshould reach out af'ter the soul that is too often hidden be- neath its own pretenee of révélation, is intolerable to me. Itmay be pride, and yet I think it may be because I have lookedso long and anxiously myself, I have found only faintingglimpses of the thing I sought ; and these have been so preciouswith sudden communion that I have striven to render backfaithfully, with ail the effort to make my gift my own, thatwhich I have so wonderingly received.And then I think that I deceive myself. Why shouldany one ask this from me ?I do not know; but I care deeply. Sometimes I believethey will ; sometimes, as now, I do not believe at ail. I haveno wit nor cleverness. I feel alone, and it may be I writeabout my own soul to cover it with the love and affectionwhich it seeks. But if they will not hear me, what shall Ido ? Will my search for freedom stay with me and I devotemyself gladly ? For myself! It should be enough to winone's own freedom .. But perhaps these freedoms are neverwon.I grow weary of tormenting myself until I writhe in wordsover the page. Perhaps ail that I write is false, because Iforce it. Perhaps I do no more than soil a thing that waspure in me. I do not believe it, because I dare not. If Icannot find myself thus, I shall not find myself at ail."Morbid," — that is what it is called. "Morbid/' with the colour of death in its cheeks. Why, then, I am morbid, if notto expand freely into the life which surrounds me is morbid.Let it be that I am death by the side of that life ; but thatlife may be death to mine. "Morbid," because I do not fitwholly and iall the while. Then let me be morbid. At leastmy sin is not sicldy and my fight no street-corner brawl. If Iam morbid, the consensus of life is agaiuét me. If I were ahero, the odds would be heroic ; but I am not a hero ; I havesaid that lam a coward. It may be the odds are more heroicfor that.PufFed-up imagination again ! The consensus of life —what ridiculous words ! — does not even condescend to fightagainst me. Strange how the meaning and zest will suddenly fadeeven out of my life ! A moment cornes when there is neitherpurpose nor value, and the only flicker of life that remains inme is the throb of the question: am I really a soul with thepower to achieve a destiny, or just an atom, shaped by frictionwith other atoms, insentient and dull ? Most of ail that mo- ment cornes in the presence of other people. I want to speakand I cannot. Words seem to float like little motes idly downthe air, shapes without meaning. And life then appears tome like an infmitely long grey avenue, lined with dusty trees,and I a traveller tired with the agony of my impatience topass out of it. But I can make no headway : I remain im- prisoned by the interminable vista. And the dusty greynesscreeps also into my soul. It spreads like a deadly vapourover ail my past, so that I can hardly believe that once thethings which I remember were made alive by joy or sorrow.The words I have written are words and no more, so barrenthat I could weep for the bitterness of my own disillusion.There is nothing for me but to cieep ingloriously out of thelife which I meanly entered.These are the hours which tiy my soul—the hours oiutter unbelief, when it seems not that belief lias failed me suddenly, but that I never can have believed. Then I thinkthat my courage and my confidence were no more than adream, and I cannot even remember the émotion which I felt-I know that I felt it; but the knowledge is unreal. For a week that depressîon and despair has not whollyleft me, and now I wonder what may be the cause. It is plain.Ail my activity is galhered into one part of itself, as thoughinto one limb of my body ail my blood and growing strengthhad been forced. Then the body would faint, be pale andsick with the burden of the limb's hypertrophy. So does themaintainence of my soul depend upon a harmony of ail thefree activities of a living man. That alone is freedom, andalone the condition of attaining some permanent spirit. Per- sonal truth is the hypertrophied limb; it is the exaggerationof deliberate thought upon free living at the cost of free liv- ing. If the limb will be sound and whole that we may leanupon it, then it must be an harmonious part of the livingwhole which is the body. Therefore deliberate thought uponthe soul must be controlled intoits due place as a free act- ivity of the free soul, else it saps and drains the channels oftheir blood. Its strength is the rapidly growing weakness ofits fears ; and because they are weakencd, its strength is emptywind, the dropsy of decay.So the laborious définition of vague personal truth affectsthe soul. It weakens and exhausts ; and the soul rejects thatwhich honest thought discovered.