The mask 1 2 April 1908 naau_1908-04_01 The mask 1 2 Untitled Image Illustration 1 DESIGN FOR A STAGE SCENE Edward Gordon Craig cre Illustration 6 CONTENTS 7 RICHARD WAGNER, REVOLUTION, AND THE ARTIST Jan van Holt cre 7-8 Untitled Image Illustration 7 Untitled Image Illustration 8 THE ACTOR AND THE ÜBER=MARIONETTE Edward Gordon Craig cre 9-15; 17-23 Untitled Image Illustration 9 DESIGN FOR A STAGE SCENE Julius Oliver cre Illustration 15 The Spectacle has, indeed, an emotional attraction of its own, but, of all the parts, it is the Aristotle's Poetics. XXVI, 1-4 cre 23 DESIGN FOR A STAGE SCENE Julius Oliver cre Illustration 23 Untitled Image Illustration 24 Untitled Image Illustration 24 A VENICE AND A ROME for the consideration of young scene painters. Allen Carric cre 25 THE ENERGY OF THE GERMAN THEATRE. [George Norman] cre 25-28 Untitled Image Illustration 25 Untitled Text 26 Untitled Text 27 FOREIGN NOTES 29-31 Untitled Image Illustration 29 AMSTERDAM J. v. H cre 29 BUDAPEST A. H cre 29 WARSAW 29 STOCKOLM 29 MUNICH A. F cre 29-30 PHILADELPHIA G. W. P cre 30 FLORENCE J. S cre 30 MEININGIN G. N cre 30-31 LONDON R. S cre 31 Untitled Image Illustration 31 "ELECTRA" AND "SALOME," A NOTE ON A VULGAR PARAGRAPH G. N. cre 32 Untitled Image Illustration 32 EDITORIAL NOTES 33 Untitled Image Illustration 33 "Hphere is no such thing," says Goethe, " as 33 poetry cannot be beautifully spoken byEnglish 33 \X/hat an impression a performance on the 33 visit to Amsterdam of the Far Eastern J. S cre 33 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 3 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 3 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 3 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 3 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 35 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 35 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 36 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 36 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 36 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 37 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 37 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 37 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 37 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 37 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 38 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 38 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 38 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 38 Vol. One N." a. APRIL THE MASKA MONTHLY JOURNAL OF THEART OF THE THEATRE EUROPEAN AGENTS. LONDON. D.J. RIDER 36 St Martin's Court. Charing Cross Road. W. C. s£&gt; &amp;BERLIN. SOEE GERMAN AGENT - SCHUSTER &amp; W- AMSTERDAM, KIRBEROER &amp; KESPER. 134 Rokin. &amp; JS&gt;B U D A P E S T, NAGEE OTTO'- Museum-Korut, g &amp; jsr je&gt; &amp;M0SC O U. '»LA BALANCE" Place du ThdAtre &amp; £&gt; * j0 &amp; &amp;FLORENCE. * EUNG' ARNO ACCIAIUOEI. 0 &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; PRICE ONE SHILLING, NET: MONTHLY &amp;__ I Order THE MASK&gt;F'ROM YOUR BOOKSELLERSHe saves you all trouble. You have onlyto fill in the order form you will find atthe end of this copy &amp;' 1 '• 1 '?.!»- 1 I . ■ • ■ Etchings, which will bis issued from time to time with " The Mask "* will be reserved foryearly subscribers only and not included in single copies of the magazine. Therefore it isto the advantage of all print collectors to send in their subscriptions at once. 0 0 Any MSS. submitted to the Editor for consideration should bear the names andaddresses ot the authors, be type-written, and accompanied by stamps; otherwise theywill not be lead 01 returned. It must be understood that they are sent at the Author'srisk, and the Editor is not responsible for their sate custody or return. All communicationsshould be addressed to the Editor ot " The Mask " 2 Eung'Arno Acciaiuoli, Florence. Readers of " The Mask " who wish to he sure of securing their copies each month regularlyshould subscribe for the year, all that is necessary being to fill in the order forih on Pg. asof this number, &amp; post it to their Bookseller, or to the office of 44 The Mask a Lung'ArnpAcciaiuoli, Florence, Italy,0 0 0 0 0 0 0 V0 0 &amp; FOR ADVERTISEMENTS ADDRESS TO " THE MASK " ADVERTISING OFFICE : S BORGO Sc JACOPO &amp; &amp;■ 0 0 0 FLORENCE 0 ITALY 0 &amp; 0 &amp; OR TO THE LONDON., GERMAN, OR DUTCH AGENTS 0 0 0 0 k-riw w •»—* m M A /*&gt; v r- THE JOURNAL OP THE ARTr I I—I I ? II/I A !/ OF THE THEATRE.i ilu iVlAoiV VA°PT.EL0N.E;„NrBEJTWi VHE ACTOR ANDTHE U B E R«MARIONETTE. THE ACTOR ANDTHE U B E R- MARION ETTE. THE ACTOR ANDTHE IJ B E R =MARIONETTE. THE ACTOR ANDTHE UBER«MARIONETTE. THE ACTOR ANDTHE U B E R«MARIONETTE. THE ACTOR ANDTHE UBER- MARIONETTE. THE ACTOR ANDTHE UBHRMARIONETTE. THE ACTOR ANDTHE UBER- MARIONETTE. THE ACTOR ANDTHE U B E RaMARIONETTE. THE ACTOR ANDTHE U B E R- MARIONETTE. THE ACTOR ANDTHE UBER- MARIONETTE. THE ACTOR ANDTHE UBER- MARIONETTE. THE GERMAN THEATRE. j&amp; &amp; &amp; ALL RIGHTS RESERVED &amp; GERENTE RESPONSABILE, GINO DUCCI &amp; ■ The MASKA JOURNAL1 The object of the publication is to bring beforean intelligent public many ancient and modernaspects of the Theatre's Art which have too longbeen disregarded or forgotten. 0Not to attempt to assist in the so-called reformof the modern Theatre - for reform now toolate; not to advance theories which have not beenalready tested, but to announce the existence ofJ a vitality which already begins to reveal itself inI a beautiful and definite form based upon an ancientI Yearly subscript: England, 16 Shillings, post free.ii J •« »» " Russia 8 Roubles ,, „AMONG THE WRITERS &amp; ARTISTS CONTRIBUTING TO " THE MASK " AREM. 0 0 ALEXANDER HEVES1 JEAN JACQUES OLIVIERJOHN BALANCE 0H. von HOFMANNSTHAL W1LLEM ROYAARDSALLEN JAN van HOLT 0 WILL ROTHENSTEINOUNNAR CASTREN 0 EDWARD HUTTON OTTO RUNQFRANS CLETON 0 ELLEN KEY 0 0 RUDOLPH SCHMERZ 0GORDON CRAIG 0 JAN KLAASSEN 0 MARTIN SHAW 0J. PAUL COOPER 0 FRITZ LAPIDOTH 0 ELLEN TERRY 0 0ISADORA DUNCAN 0 D. NEVILE LEES 0 E. THESLEFF 0 0LOUIS FULEP 0 0 HALDANE MACFALL 0 JAN C. de VOS 0 0ADOLF FURS T 0 0 NEUWERT NOWACZYNSKI H. WILSON. 0 0JULIUSZ GERMAN 0 C.NICHOLSON 0 0 HELEN ZIMMERN 0IVO HAUPTMANN 0 GEORGE NORMAN 0STEPHEN HAWEIS 0 JULIUS OLIVER 0"THE MASK" HAS CORRESPONDENTS IN THE CITIESAMSTERDAM 0 0 THE HAGUE 0 0 ROME 0 0 0BERLIN 0 0 0 HELSINGFORS 0 0 SAN FRANCISCO 0BUD A P E S10 0 0 LONDON 0 0 0 STOCKHOLM 0 0COPENHAGEN 0 0 MADRID 0 0 0 VIENNA 0 0 0DRESDEN 0 0 0 MUNCHEN 0 0 0 WARSAW 0 0 0DUBLIN 0 0 0PARIS 00 0 WEIMAR 0000 0 PHILADELPHIA 0 &amp; Printed for the Proprietor by E. Morandl, Tipografla Bodonlana, Via Alfieri, Florence, and published at The Office- 3 Lang'Arno Accialuoll &amp;■ &amp; jp jp jp jp &amp; &amp; jp &amp; jp DESIGN FOR A STAGE SCENE GORDON CRAIG CONTENTS J&amp; AFTER THE PRACTISE THE THEORY &amp; RICHARD WAGNER, REVOLUTION AND THE ARTIST by JAN VAN HOLT. THE ACTOR AND THE UBER-MARIONETTE by GORDON CRAIG. * A VENICE&amp; A ROME FOR THE CONSIDERATION OF YOUNG SCENE PAINTERS by ALLEN CARR1C.THE ENERGY OF THE GERMAN THEATRE by GEORGE NORMAN. FOREION NOTES.ELECTRA AND SALOME. &amp; EDITORIAL NOTES. ILLUSTRATIONS; By GORDON CRAIGJULIUS OLIVER, ETC, RICHARD WAGNER, REVOLUTION, AND THE ARTIST Jan van Holt. " I will destroy the existing order of things, which parts this one mankind into hostilenations, into powerful and weak, privileged and outcast, rich and poor: for it makes unhappymen of all. 1 will destroy the order of things that turns millions to slaves of a few, andthese few to slaves of their own might, own riches. 1 will destroy this order of things, thatcuts enjoyment off from lahor, makes labor a load, enjoyment a vice, makes one man wretchedthrough want, another through overflow. 1 will destroy this order of things, which wastesman's powers in service of dead matter, which keeps the half of humankind in inactivityor useless toil, binds hundreds of thousands to devote their vigorous youth—in busy idlenessas soldiers, placemen, speculators and money-spinners—to the maintenance of these depravedconditions, whilst the other half must shore the whole disgraceful edifice at cost of over- taxing all their strength and sacrificing every taste of life. Down to its memory will Idestroy each trace of this mad state of things, compact of violence, lies, care, hypocrisy,want, sorrow, suffering, tears, trickery and crime, with seldom a breath of even impure airto quicken it, and all but never a ray of pure joy. Destroyed be all that weighs on you andmakes you suffer, and from the ruins of this ancient world let rise a new, instinct withhappiness undreamt 1 Not hate, not envy, grudge nor enmity, be henceforth found amongyou; as brothers shall ye all who live know one another, and free, free in willing, free indoing, free in enjoying, shall ye attest the worth of life. So up, ye peoples of the earth 1Up, ye mourners, ye oppressed, ye poor! And up, ye others, ye who strive in vain to cloakthe inner desolation of your hearts by idle show of might and riches! Up, in miscellanyfollow my steps; for no distinction can 1 make 'twixt those who follow me! Two peoples,only, are there from henceforth; the one, that follows me, the other, that withstands me.The one 1 lead to happiness; over the other grinds my path: for I am Revolution, 1am theever-fashioning Life, 1 am the only Qod, to whom each creature testifies, who spans andgives both life and happiness to all that is! j® And lo! the legions on the hills, voiceless theyfall to their knees and listen in mute transport; and as the sunbaked soil drinks up thecooling drops of rain, so their sorrow-parching hearts drink in the accents of the rustlingstorm, and new life courses through their veins. Nearer and nearer rolls the storm, on itswings Revolution; wide open now the quickened hearts of those awaked to life and victoryRevolution pours into their brains, their bones, their flesh, and fills them through andthrough. In godlike ecstasy they leap from the ground; the poor, the hungering, thebowed by misery, are they no longer; proudly they raise themselves erect, inspirationshines from their ennobled faces, a radiant light streams from their eyes, and with theheaven-shaking cry, I am a man! the millions, the embodied Revolution, the Qod becomeMan, rush down to the valleys and plains, and proclaim to all the world, the new gospel ofHappiness." j® j® &amp; &amp; Richard Wagner.I wonder if the ladies and gentlemen who patronize the Opera Houses of Europe and America*■realise what they are listening to when Wagner lets loose the notes of his soul in the greatoperas.... I wonder if they realise that he is then repeating even more passionately that whichhe says here in words.... that he is crying out in the most subtle language things whieh theydetest,... that he is positively insulting them. He writes here of Revolution. Is it possible?Is it not some dream.... Wagner, to whose operas the nobility of Europe listen, to whose pleadings they yawningly listen. &amp; Surely there must be some mistake. &amp; ** With works ofArt, as with Royalty, you have to wait until they speak to you before you can respond.so wrote a charming lady to me today. Is it possible that Royalty could have ever heard thevoice of Wagner aright. Is it possible that we have seen Royalty applauding the operas ofWagner,... Monarchs applauding the Apostle of Revolution? Is it to be made inevitable thatthe artists must enter the field of Politics, or lean fanatically from the pulpit? Is this to beforced upon them ? In the old times the artist was content..,, stood by.... watched the crowd,sketched the crowns, the swords and the spades..., recorded the sights and the sounds ofhis time,,., added the note of love to it all, and left it as his legacy to the following century,&amp; Is the artist to be changed? Is a discontent to be roused in him? Is his labour to berespected or is he for ever to starve, is he for ever to be asked to compromise as the onlycondition on which his country will listen to him? If this is so, then I fear that the faroff likelihood of the artist finding comradeship with the Revolutionary is nearer probabilitythan we must hope. &amp; Remember, the artists have ever loved and fought for King andRoyalty. And Royalty provided for these sons in the olden days,,., provided the means oflife,.,, and what is far more important, the recognition of Art as a factor in Life, therecognition of the liberties of the Artist. &amp; It would be curiously interesting to know howmany men today are following the profession of artist. They must number at least threemillion,,.. and the force of three million men of the calibre of the artist is not a thing toforget when reckoning the chances and changes of the State. We see also how the artistfeels about things, " 1 will destroy the existing order of things which parts this one mankindinto hostile nations, etc. etc. " He positively feels that lie too, is a privileged being andcan alter things for better or worse: that he is no less a force than a Prime Minister, andhe even becomes an Autocrat at times. Two questions still remain to be answered. DoBeethoven, Wagner, Strauss, Plato, Shakespeare, Shelley, Blake, Goethe, Rousseau, NietzscheRaphael, Leonardo Velasquez, Van Dyke, really count as a force? Have they had anyinfluence on people and things? &amp; If the answer is in the affirmative, then why does thepersecution of all modern artists continue? why but quite recently should the voice ofBlake, Shelley, Wagner, Nietzsche, Rousseau, Beethoven and Strauss be raised with the cryabove quoted of, "I., will destroy the existing order of things." It is an unwise police todisregard the Ideal for which all artists live,... the freedom of their Art, and the recognition,of its power. It would be a wise policy to further that Ideal. &amp; It would also be aninteresting task for some leader to organize all the European and American artists in abody.... Curiously enough perhaps we should then hear less about Revolution.... Three million men, remember.... No? ....not worth considering?...,? ....No? THE ACTOR AND THE ÜBER=MARIONETTE by Edward Gordon Craig. DESIGN FOR A STAGE SCENE JULIUS OLIVER INSCRIBED IN ALL AFFECTION TO MY GOOD FRIENDS, THE ACTORS DE YOS AND HEVESI. " npo save the Theatre, the Theatre must be destroyed, the actors and actresses must all die of the plague.... They makeart Impossible. " &amp; ELEONORA DUSE. " Studies In Seven Arts. " Arthur Symons. (Constable). jt has always been a matter for argument whether or no Acting is an art, and thereforewhether the actor is an Artist, or something quite different, There is little to show usthat this question disturbed the minds of the leaders of thought at any period, though thereis much evidence to prove that had they chosen to approach this subject as one for theirserious consideration, they would have applied to it the same method of enquiry as usedwhen considering the arts of Music and Poetry, of Architecture, Sculpture and Painting.On the other hand theref have been many warm arguments in certain circles on this• topic. Those taking part in it have seldom been actors, very rarely men of the theatreat all, and all have displayed any amount of illogical heat, and very little knowledge of thesubject. The arguments against acting being an art, and against the actor being an artist,are generally so unreasonable and so personal in their detestation of the actor, that I thinkit is for this reason the actors have taken no trouble to go into the matter. So now -regularly with each season comes the quarterly attack on the actor and on his jolly calling;the attack usually ending in the retirement of the enemy. As a rule it is the literary orprivate gentlemen who fill the enemy's rank. On the strength of having gone to see playsall their lives, or on the strength of never having gone to see a play in their lives, theyattack for spine reason best known to themselves. 1 have followed these regular attacksSseason by season, and they seem mostly to spring from irritability, personal enmity orconceit.... They are, illogical from beginning to end.... There can be no such attackmade on the actor or his calling. My intention here is not to join in any such attempt;1 would merely place before, you what seem to me. to be the logical facts of a curious case,and I believe that these admit of no dispute whatever. . &amp; &amp; .Acting is not an art. It is therefore incorrect to speak of the actor as an artist. Foraccident is an enemy of the artist. &amp; Art is the exact antithisis of Pandimonium, andPandimonium is created by the tumbling together of many accidents; Art arrives .only bydesign. Therefore in order to make any work of art it is clear we may only work in thoseV * - - * ( ■ J? ' \materials with which cap calculate. Man is not one of these materials.The whole pature of man tends towards freedopi; he therefore carries the proof in his ownperson, that as material for the theatre he is useless. &amp; In the modern theatre, owing tothe use of the bodies of men and women as their material, all which is presented there is ofan accidental nature. The. actions of the actor's body, the expression of his face, the soundsof his voice, all are at the mercy of the winds of his emotions; these winds which must blow- for ever round the artist, moving without unbalancing him. But with the actor, emotionpossesses him; it seizes upon Jiis limbs moving them whither it will. He is at its beck andcall, he moves as one in av frantic dream or as one distraught, swaying here and there; hishead, his arms, his feet, if not utterly beyond control, are so weak to stand against the torrentof his passions, that they are ready to play him false at any moment. It is useless forhim to attempt to reason with himself.... Hamlet's calm directions (the dreamer's not thelogician's directions, by the way) are thrown to the winds. His limbs refuse, and refuse again, td obey his mind the instant emotion warms, while the mind is all the time creatingthe heat which shall set these emotions afire. As with his movement, so is it with theexpression of his face. The mind struggling and succeeding for a moment, in moving theeyes, or the muscles of the face whither it will;... the mind bringing the face for a fewmoments into thorough subjection, is suddenly swept aside by the emotion which has grownhot through the action of the mind. Instantly, like lightening, and before the mind hastime to cry out and protest, the hot passion has mastered the actor's expression. It shiftsand changes, sways and turns, it is chased by emotion from the actor's forehead betweenhis and down to his mouth; now he is entirely at the mercy of emotion, and cryingout to it: "Do with me what you will!" his expression runs a mad riot hither and thither,and lo! " nothing is coming of nothing. " It is the same with his voice as it is with hismovements. Emotion cracks the voice of the actor. It sways his voice to join in theconspiracy against his mind. Emotion works upon the voice of the actor, and he produces....the impression of discordant emotion. It is of no avail to say that emotion is the spiritof the gods and is precisely what the artist aims to produce; first of all this is not true,and even if it were quite true, every stray emotion, every casual feeling, cannot be ofValue. Therefore the mind of the actor, we see, is less powerful that his emotion, foremotion is able to win over the mind to assist in the destruction of that which the mindWould produce; and as the mind becomes the slave of the emotion it follows that accidentupon accident must be continually occurring. So then, we have arrived to this point;....that emotion is the cause which first of all creates, and secondly destroys. Art as we havesaid, can admit of no accidents. That then which the actor gives us, is not a work of art;it is a series accidental confessions. &amp; In the beginning the human body was not used asmaterial in the art of the theatre. In the beginning the emotions of men and women werenot considered as a fit exhibition for the multitude. An elephant and a tiger in an arenasuited the taste better, when the desire was to excite. The passionate tussle between theelephant and the tiger gives us all the excitement that we can get from the modern stage,and can give it us unalloyed. Such an exhibition is not more brutal, it is more delicate;it is more humane; for there is nothing more outrageous than that men and women shoudlbe let loose on a platform, so that they may expose that which artists refuse to show exceptveiled, in the form which their minds create. How it was that man was ever persuadedto take the place which until that time animals had held Is not difficult to surmise. The man with the greater learning comes across the man with the greater temperament.He addresses him in something like the following terms :... 44 You have a most superbcountenance; what magnificent movements you make! Your voice, it is like the singing ofbirds; and how your eye flashes! What a noble impression you give! You almost resemblea god! 1 think all people should have pointed out to them this wonder which is containedin you. I will write a few words which you shall address to the people. You shall standbefore them, and you shall speak my lines just as you will. It is sure to be perfectly right.,rAnd the man of temperament replies; "Is that really so? Do I strike you as appearingas a god? It is the very first time I have ever thought of it. And do you think that by appearingv..in front of the people I could make an impression which might benefit them, and wouldfill them with enthusiasm? " No, no, no, " says the intelligent man; 44 by no means onlyby appearing; but if you have something to say you will indeed create a great impression. "■j&amp; The other answers, " I think 1 shall have some difficulty in speaking your lines. I couldeasier just appear, and say, something instinctive, such as 4 Salutation to all men I feelperhaps that I should be able to be more myself if I acted in that way. " " That is anexcellent idea, " replies the tempter, 44 that idea of yours,4 Salutation to all men. * On thattheme I will compose say one hundred or two hundred lines; you'll be the very man tospeak those lines. You have yourself suggested it to me. Salutation! Is it agreed then,that you will do this? " 44 If you wish it, " replies the other, with a good-natured lack ofreason, and flattered beyond measure. &amp; jpAnd so the comedy of author and actor commences. The young man appears before themultitude and speaks the lines, and the speaking of them is a superb advertisement forthe art of literature. After the applause the young man is swiftly forgotten; they even forgivethe way he has spoken the lines; but as it was an original and new idea at the time, theauthor found it profitable, and shortly afterwards other authors found It an excellent thing to use handspme and buoyant men as instruments. It mattered nothing to them that theinstrument was a human creature. Although they knew not the stops of the instrument,they could play rudely upon him and they found him useful. &amp; And so to-day we have thestrange picture of a man content to give forth the thoughts of another, which that other hasgiven form to, while at the same time he exhibits his person to the public view. He does itbecause he is flattered,—and vanity—will not reason. But all the time, and however longthe world may last, the nature in man will fight for freedom, and will revolt against beingmade a slave or medium for the expression of another's thoughts. The whole thing is a verygrave matter indeed, and it is no good to push it aside and protest that the actor is not themedium for another's thoughts, and that he invests with Life the dead words of an author;because even if this were true (true it cannot be) and even if the actor was to present nonebut the ideas which he himself should compose, his nature would still be in servitude; hisbody would have to become the slave of his mind; and that as I have shown is what thehealthy body utterly refuses to do. &amp; Therefore the body of man, for the reason which I havegiven, is by nature utterly useless as a material for an art. Iam fully aware of the sweepingcharater of this statement, and as it concerns men and women who are alive and who as aclass are ever to be loved, more must be said lest 1 give unintentional offence. &lt;£? 1 knowperfectly well that what 1 have said here is not yet going to create an exodus of all the actorsfrom all the theatres in the world, driving them into sad monasteries where they will laugh outthe rest of their lives, with the Art of the Theatre as the main topic for amusing conversation.As 1 have written elsewhere, the theatre will continue its growth and actors will continuefor some years to hinder its development. But 1 see a loop-hole by which in time theactors can escape from the bondage they are in. They must create for themselves a newform of acting, consisting for the main part of symbolical gesture. To-day they impersonatennd interpret; to-morrow they must represent and interpret; and the third day they mustcreate. By this means style may returu. To-day the actor impersonates a certain being.He cries to the audience " Watch me; I am now prentending to be so and so, and I am nowpretending to do so and so; " and then he proceeds to imitate as exactly as possible, thatWhich he has announced he will indicate. For instance, he is Romeo. He tells the audiencetfyat he is in love, and he proceeds to show it, by kissing Juliet. This, it is claimed is awork of Art: it is claimed for this that it is an intelligent way of suggesting thought. &amp;tytyy...., why, that is just as if a painter were to draw upon the wall a picture of an animalWith Jopg ears, and then write under it • This is a donkey.' The long ears made it plainaiiough one would think, without the inscription, and any child of ten does as much. Thedifference befween the child of ten and the artist is, that the. artist is he who by drawingcertain signs and shapes creates the impression of a donkey; and the greater artist is hewho creates the impression of the whole genus of donkey, the spirit of the thing. &amp; The actor looks upon life as a photo-machine looks upon life; and he attempts to makearj&gt;ipture to rival a photpgraph. He never dreams of his art as being an art such for instanceas music. He tries to reproduce nature; he seldom thinks to invent with the aid of nature,$pd he never dreams of creating. As I have said, the best he can do when he wants toOPtch and convey the poetry of a kiss, the heat of a fight, or the calm of death, is to copyslavishly, photographically.... he kisses.... he fights.... he lies back and mimics death,... andWfren ypu think of it, is not all this dreadfully stupid? Is it not a poor art and a poorCleverness, which cannot convey the spirit and essence of an idea to an audience, but canpfily Show,an artless copy, a facsimile of the thing itself. This is to be an Imitator notArtist. This is to claim kinship with the Ventriloquist, (i) £&gt;There is a stage expression of the actor "getting under the skin of the part. " A better onewou|d be getting " out of the skin of the part altogether. " " What then, " cryes theand flashing actor, " is there to be no flesh and blood in this same art of thetheatre pf yours ?••• No life?" It depends wlyat you call life, signor, when you use the word in relation with the idea of art. The painter means something rather different to actualitywhen he speaks of Life in his art, and the other artists generally mean something essentiallyspiritual; it is only the actor the ventriloquist or the animal-stuffer who, when they speakof putting life into their work, mean some actual and lifelike reproduction, something blatantin its appeal, that it is for this reason I say that it wrould be better if the actor should getout of the skin of the part altogether. If there is any actor who is reading this, is therenot some way by which I can make him realise the preposterous absurdity of this delusionof his, this belief that he should aim to make an actual copy, a reproduction ? Iam goingto suppose that such an actor is here with me as I talk; and I invite a musician and apainter to join us. Let them speak. I have had enough of seeming to decry the work ofthe actor from trivial motives. I have spoken this way because of my love of the theatre,and because of my hopes and belief that before long an extraordinary development is toraise and revive that which is failing in the theatre, and my hope and belief that the actorwill bring the force of his courage to assist in this revival. My attitude towards thewhole matter is misunderstood by many in the Theatre. It is considered to be my attitude,mine alone; a stray quarreller I seem to be in their eyes, a pessimist, grumbling; one whois tired of a thing and who attempts to break it. Therefore let the other artists speakwith the actor, and let the actor support his own case as best he may, and let him listento their opinion on matters of art. We sit here conversing, the actor, the musician, thepainter and myself. I who represent an art distinct from all these, shall remain silent.&amp;As we sit here, the talk first turns upon Nature. We are surrounded by beautifulcurving hills, trees, vast and towering mountains in the distance covered with snow; aroundus innumerable delicate sounds of nature stirring... Life. 44 How beautiful, " says thepainter, 44 how beatutiful the sense of all this! " He is dreaming of the almost impossibilityof conveying the full earthly and spiritual value of that which is around him on to hiscanvas, yet he faces the thing as man generally faces that which is most dangerous. &amp;&amp; The musician gazes upon the ground. The actor's is an inward and personal gaze athimself. He is unconsciously enjoying the sense of himself, as representing the main andcentral figure in a really good scene. He strides across the space between us and the view,sweeping in a half circle, and he regards the superb panorama without seeing it, consciousof one thing only, himself and his attitude. Of course an actress would stand theremeek in the presence of nature. She is but a little thing, a little picturesque atom;... forpicturesque we know she is in every movement, in the sigh which, almost unheard by therest of us, she conveys to her audience and to herself, that she is there 44 littie me, " inthe presence of the God that made her!! and all the rest of the sentimental nonsense.So we are all collected here, and having taken the attitudes natural to us, we proceed toquestion each other. And let us imagine that for once we are all really interested infinding out all about the other's interests, and the other's work. (I grant that this is veryunusual, and that mind-selfishness, the highest form of stupidity, encloses many a professedartist somewhat tightly in a little square box.) But let us take it for granted that thereis a general interest; that the actor and the musician wish to learn something about theart of painting; and that the painter and the musician wish to understand from the actorwhat his work consists of and whether and why he considers it an art. For here theyshall not mince matters, but shall speak that which they believe. As they are looking onlyfor the truth, they have nothing to fear; they are all good fellows, all good friends; notthin skinned, and can give and take blows. &amp; 44 Tell us, " asks the painter, 44 is it truethat before you can act a part properly you must feel the emotions of the character ybuare representing?" Oh well, yes and no; it depends what you mean," answers theactor. ** We have first to be able to feel and sympathise and also criticise the emotionsof a character; we look at it from a distance before we close with it: we gather as muehas we can from the text and we call to mind all the emotions suitable for this character toexhibit. After having many times rearranged and selected those emotions which we considerof importance we then practice to reproduce them before the audience; and in order to doso we must feel as little as is necessary; in fact the less we feel, the firmer will our holdbe upon our facial and bodily expression. " &amp; With a gesture of genial impatence, the artistrises to his feet and paces to and fro. He had expected his friend to say that it had nothingwhatever to do with emotions, and that he could control his face, features, voice and all, just as if his body were an instrument. The musician sinks down deeper into his chair." But has there never been an actor, " asks the artist, 44 who has so trained his body fromhead to foot that it would answer to the workings of his mind without permitting theemotions even so much as to awaken? Surely there must have been one actor, say oneout of ten million, who has done this ? " 44 No, " says the actor emphatically, 44 never,never; there never has been an actor who reached such a state of mechanical perfectionthat his body was absolutelyr the slave of his mind. Edmund Kean of England, Salvini ofItaly, Rachel, Eleonora Duse, 1 call them all to mind and 1 repeat there never was an actoror actress such as you describe. " &amp; The artist here asks, 44 Then you admit that it wouldbe a state of perfection?" &amp; 44 Why of course! But it is impossible; will always beimpossible, " cries the actor; and he rises.... almost with a sense of relief. £/ 44 That is asmuch as to say, there never was a perfect actor, there has never been an actor who hasnot spoiled his performance once, twice, ten times, sometimes a hundred times during theevening? There never has been a piece of acting which could be called even almost perfectand there never will be? " For answer the actor asks quickly,44 But has there been evera painting, or a piece of architecture, or a piece of music which may be called "Undoubtedly," they reply, 44 The laws which control our arts make such a thing possible."44 A picture for instance, " continues the artist, 44 may consist of four lines, or fourhundred lines, placed in certain positions; it may be as simple as possible, but it ispossible to make it perfect. That is to say, 1 can first choose that which is to njakethe lines; 1 can choose that on which 1 am to place the lines: 1 can consider this as longas 1 like; 1 can alter it; then in a state which is both free from excitement, haste, trouble,nervousness, in fact in any state 1 choose, (and of course 1 prepare, wait and selectthat also) 1 can put these lines together.... so.... now they are in their place. Having mymaterial nothing except my own will can move or alter these; and as I have said my ownwill is entirely under my control. The line can be straight or it can wave; it can be roundif 1 choose, and there is no fear that when 1 wish to make a straight line 1 shall make acurved one, or that when 1 wish to make a curved there will be square parts about it.And when it is ready.... finished.... it undergoes no change but that which Time, who finallydestroys it, wills." "That is rather an extraordinary thing, " replied the actor. 441 wishit was possible in my work." 44 Yes," replies the artist, %i it is a very extraordinarything, and it is that which I hold makes the difference between an intelligent statementand a casual or haphazard statement. The most intelligent statement, that is a work of art.The haphazard statement, that is a work of chance. When the intelligent statement reachesits highest possible form it becomes a work of fine art. And therefore 1 have always held,though 1 may be mistaken, that your work has not the nature of an art. That is to say (andyou have said it yourself) each statement that you make in your work is subject to everyconceivable change which emotion chooses to bring about. That which you conceive in yourmind, your body is not permitted by nature to complete. In fact, your body, gaining thebetter of your intelligence, has in many instances on the stage driven out the intelligencealtogether. Some actors seem to say, 44 What value lies in having beautiful ideas. To whatend shall my mind conceive a fine idea, a fine thought, for my body which is so entirelybeyond my control to spoil? I will throw my mind overboard, let my body pull me andthe play through; " and there seems to me to be some wisdom in the standpoint of suchan actor. He does not dilly dally between the two things which are contending in him, theone against the other. He is not a bit afraid of the result. He goes at it like a man,sometimes a trifle too like a centaur; he flings away all science.... all caution.... all reasonand the result is good spirits in the audence,... and for that they pay willingly. But weare here talking about other things than excellent spirits, and though we applaud the actorwho exhibits such a personality as this, I feel that we must not forget that we are applaudinghis personality... he it is we applaud, not what he is doing or how he is doing it; nothingto do with art at all, absolutely nothing to do with art, with calculation, or design. 44 You're a nice friendly creature, " laughs the actor gaily, 44 telling me my art's no art!But I believe 1 see what you mean. You mean to say that before I appear on the stage andbefore my body commences to come into the question, 1 am an artist. " &amp; 44 Well yes, youare, you happen to be, because you are a very bad actor; you're abominable on the stage,but you have ideas, you have imagination; you are rather an exception 1 should say. have heard you tell me how you would play Richard III; what you would do; what strangeatmosphere you Would spread over the whole thing; and that which you have told me youhave seen in the play, and that which you have invented and added to it, is so remarkable,so consecutive in its thought, so distinct and clear in form, that if you could make yourbody into a machine, or into a dead piece of material such as clay, and if it could obeyyou in every movement for the entire space of time it was before the audience, and if youcould put aside Shakespeare's Poem, you would be able to make a work of art out of whatwhich is in you. For you would not only have dreamt, you would have executed to perfection;and that which you had executed could be repeated time after time without so muchdifference as between two farthings. 44 Ah, " sighs the actor, 44 you place a terriblepicture before me. You would prove to me that it is impossible for us ever to think ofourselves as artists. You take away our finest dream and you give us nothing in its place. " 44 No, no, that's not for me to give you. That's for you to find, Surely there must belaws at the roots of the Art of the Theatre, just as there are Laws at the roots of all trueArts, which if found and mastered, would bring you all you desire? " 44 Yes, the searchwould bring the actors to a wall. " 44 Leap it, then I " &amp; 44 Too high i " &amp; 44 Scale it,then! " 44 How do we know where it would lead? " 44 Why, up and over. " 44 Yes,but that's talking wildly, talking in the air. " 44 Well, that's the direction you fellowshave to go; ....fly in the air, live in the air. Something will follow when some of you beginto. * I suppose, " continued he, 44 you will get at the root of the matter in time, and thenwhat a splendid future opens before you I In fact I envy you, 1 am not sure Ido not wishthat photography had been discovered before painting, so that we of this generation mighthave had the intense joy of advancing, showing that photography was pretty well in its way,but there was something better I " &amp; 44 Do you hold that our work is on a level withphotography? "&amp; 44 No, indeed, it is not half as exact. It is less of an art even thanphotography. 1st fact you and I who have been talking all this time while the musician hassat silent, sinking deeper and deeper into his chair, our arts by the side of his art, are jokes,games, absurdities. " At which the musician must go and spoil the whole thing by gettingup and given vent to some foolish remark. The actor immediately cries out, 44 But 1don't see that that's such a wonderful remark for a representative of the only art in theworld to make " at which they all laughed, the musician in a sort of crest-fallen, consciousmanner. 44 My dear fellow, that is just because he is a musician. He is nothing exceptin his music. He is, in fact, somewhat unintelligent, except when he speaks in notes, intones, and in the rest of it, He hardly knows our language, he hardly knows our world,and the greater the musician, the more is this noticeable; indeed it is rather a bad signwhen you nteet a composer who is intelligent. And as for the intellectual musician, whythat means another....; but we mustn't whisper that name here.... he is so popular to-day.What an actor this man would have been, and what a personality he has. 1 understandthat all his life he had yearnings towards being an actor, and I believe he would have beenan excellent comedian, whereas he became a musician.... or was it a playwright? Anyhow,it all turned out a great success.... a success of personality. " 44 Was it not a success ofart?" asks the musician. 44 Well, which art do you mean?" &amp; 44 Oh, all the artscombined, " he replies, blunderingly but placidly. 44 How can that be? How can all artscombine and make one art? It can only make one joke.... one theatre. Things whichslowly, by a natural law join together, may have some right in the course of many yearsor many centuries to ask nature to bestow a new name on their product. Only by this meanscan a new art be born. 1 do not believe that the old mother approves of the forcing process;and if she ever winks at it, she soon has her revenge; and so is it with the arts. You cannotco-mingle them and cry out that you have created a new art. If you can find in naturea new materialy one which has never yet been used by man to give form to his thoughts,then you can say that yon are on the high road towards creating a new art. For youhave found that by which you can create it. It then only remains for you to begin. Thetheatre, as I see it. has yet to find that material. " As so their conversation ended. For my part I am with the artist's last statement. My pleasure shall not be to competewith the strenuous photographer and I shall ever aim to get something entirely opposedto life as we see it. This flesh and blood life, lovely as it is to us all is for me not athing made to search into, or to give out again to the world, even conventionalized. &amp; I think that my aim shall rather be to catch some far off glimpse of that spirit which wecall death.... to recall beautiful things from the imaginary worid;... they say they are cold,these dead things,... 1do not know.... they often seem warmer and more living than thatwhich parades as life. Shades.... spirits seem to me to be more beautiful, and filled withmore vitality than men and women; cities of men and women packed with pettiness,creatures in-human, secret.... coldest cold.... hardest humanity, JS/ For looking too longupon life, may one not find all this to be not the beautiful, nor the mysterious nor thetragic, but the dull, the melodramatic, and the silly; the conspiracy against vitality....against both red heat and white heat; and from such things which lack the sunof life it is not possible to draw inspiration. But from that mysterious, joyous, and superblycomplete life which is called Death.... that life of shadow and of unknown shapes, whereall can not be blackness and fog as is supposed, but vivid colour, vivid light, sharp cut form,and which one finds peopled with strange, fierce and solemn figures, pretty figures andcalm figures, and those figures impelled to some wonderous harmony of movement, all thisis something more than a mere matter of fact; from this idea of death which seems a kindof spring, a blossoming—from this land and from this idea can come so vast an inspiration,that with unhesitating exultation I leap forward to it and behold, in an instant, I find myarms full of flowers.... 1 advance but a pace or two and again plenty is around me.... 1pass at ease on a sea of beauty 1 sail whither the winds take me—there, there is nodanger. So much for my own personal wish;... but the entire theatre of the world is notrepresented in me, nor in a hundred artists or actors, but in something far different.Therefore what my personal aim may be is of very little importance. Yet the aim of the theatreas a whole is to restore its art and it should commence by banishing from the theatre thisidea of impersonation, this idea of reproducing nature; for while impersonation is in theTheatre, the Theatre can never become performers should train under the influenceof an earlier teaching (if the very earliest and finest principles are too stern to commencewith) and they will have to avoid that frantic desire to put "life" into their work; forthree thousand times against one time, it means the bringing of excessive gesture, swiftmimicry, speech which bellows and scene which dazzles, on to the stage, in the wild andvain belief that by such means vitality can be conjured there. And in a few instances, toprove the rule, all this partially succeeds. It succeeds partially with the bubbling personalitiesof the stage, With them it is a case of sheer triumph in spite of the rules, in the veryteeth of the rules, and we who look on, throw our hats into the air,... cheer, and cheeragain. We have to; we don't want to consider or to question;—we go with the tidethrough admiration and suggestion.... That we are hypnotised, our taste cares not a rap....We are delighted to be so moved, and we literally jump for joy. The great personality hastriumphed both over us and the art. But personalities such as these are extremely rare, andif we wish to see a personality assert itself in the theatre and entirely triumph as an actorwe must at the same time be quite indifferent about the play, the other actors, and Beauty.&amp; Those who do not think with me in this whole matter are the worshippers, or respectfuladmirers, of the personalities of the stage. It is intolerable to them that I should assertthat the stage must be cleared of all its actors and actresses before it will again revive.How could they agree with me? That would include the removal of their favourites.... thetwo or three beings who transform the stage for them from a vulgar joke into an idealland. But what should they fear? No danger threatens their favourites—for were it possibleto put an act into force to prohibit all men and women from appearing before the publicupon the stage of a theatre, this would not in the least affect these favourites—these menand women of personality whom the playgoers crown. Consider any one of these personalitiesborn at a period when the s£age was unknown; would it in any way have lessened theirpower.... hindered their expression ? Not a whit. Personality invents the means and waysby which it shall express itself; and acting is but one, (the very least) of the means at thecommands of a great personality; and these men and women would have been famous atany time, and in any calling. But if there are many to whom it is intolerable that Ishould propose to clear the stage of ALL the actors and actresses in order to revive theArt of the Theatre, there are others to whom it seems agreeable. " The artist, " says Flaubert, " should be in his work like God in creation, invisible and" all-powerful; he should be felt everywhere and seen nowhere. Art should be raised above " personal affection and nervous susceptibility. It is time to give it the perfection of the" physical sciences by means of a pitiless method. " He is thinking mainly of the Art ofLiterature; but if he feel this so strongly of the writer, one who is never actually seen, butmerely stands half revealed behind his work, how totally opposed must he have been to theactual appearance of the actor—personality or no personality.Charles Lamb says; "To see Lear acted.... to see an old man tottering about with a stick," turned out of doors by his daughters on a rainy night, has nothing in it but what Is painful" 1 and disgusting. We want to take him into shelter, that is all the feeling the acting of Lear" ever produced in me. The contemptible machinery by which they mimic the storm which" he goes out in, is not more inadequate to represent the horror of the real elements than" any actor can be to represent Lear. They might more easily propose to personate the" Satan of Milton upon a stage, or one of Michaelangelo's terrible figures.... Lear is essentially" impossible to be represented on the stage. " &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;" Hamlet himself seems hardly capable of being acted, " says William Hazlitt.Dante in " La Vita Nuova " tells us that in dream Love in the figure of a youth appearedto him. &amp; Discoursing of Beatrice, Dante is told by Love " to compose certain things in" rhyme, in the which thou shalt set forth how strong a mastership I have obtained over thee," through her.... And so write these things that they shall seem rather to be spoken by a" third person, and not directly by thee to her, which is scarce fitting. And again " There" came upon me a great desire to say somewhat in rhyme: but when I began thinking how 1" should say it, methought that to speak of her were unseemly, unless I spoke to other ladies"in the second person. " We see then that to these men it is wrong that the living personshould advance into the frame and display himself upon his own canvas. They hold it as" unseemly".... " scarce fitting. "We have here witnesses against the whole business of the modern stage. &amp; Collectively theypass the following sentence:... That it is bad art, or no art, to make so personal, so emotionalan appeal that the beholder forgets the thing itself while swamped by the personality, theemotion, of its maker. J&amp; And now for the testimony of an actress. &amp;Eleonora Duse has said: (i) " To save the theatre, the theatre must be destroyed, the actorsand actresses must all die of the plague. They poison the air, they make art impossible."We may believe her. She means what Flaubert and Dante mean, even if she words itdifferently. And there are many more witnesses to testify for me, if this is held tobe insufficient evidence. There are the people who never go to theatres, the millions of menagainst the thousands who do go. Then, we have the support of most of the managers ofthe theatre of to=&gt;day. The modern theatre manager thinks the stage should have its playsgorgeously decorated. He will say that no pains should be spared to bring every assistancetowards cheating the audience into a sense of reality; he will never cease telling us howimportant all these decorations are; he urges all this for several reasons and the followingreason is not the least.... He scents a grave danger in simple and good work; he sees thatthere is a body of people who are opposed to these lavish decorations; he knows that therehas been a distinct movement, in Europe, against this display, it having been claimed thatthe great plays gained when represented in front of the plainest background. This movementcan be proved to be a powerful one—it has spread from Krakau to Moscow, from Paris toRome, from London to Berlin and Vienna. The managers see this danger ahead of them;they see that if once people came to realise this fact, if once the audience tasted of thedelight which a sceneless play brings, they would then go further and desire the play whichwas presented without actors; and finally they would go on and on and on until they, andnot the managers, had positively reformed the Art. &amp; &amp;Napoleon is reported to have said. "In life there is much that is unworthy which in artshould be omitted; much of doubt and vacillation; and all should disappear in therepresentation of the hero. We should see him as a statue in which the weaknessand tremors of the flesh are no longer perceptible. " (2) &amp; And not only Napoleon,but Ben Jonson, Lessing, Edmund Scherer, Hans Christian Andersen, Lamb, Goethe, George Sand, Coleridge, Ruskin, Pater and 1 suppose all the intelligent men and womenof Europe (one does not speak of Asia for even the unintellegent in Asia fail tocomprehend Photographs while understanding Art as a simple and clear manifestation) haveprotested against this reproduction of Nature, and with it photographic and weak actuality;they have protested against all this, and the theatrical managers have argued against themenergetically, and so we look for the truth to emerge in due time. It is a reasonableconclusion. Do away with the real tree, do away with the reality of delivery, do awaywith the reality of action, and you tend towards the doing away with the actor.This is what must come to pass in time, and 1 like to see the managers supporting the ideaalready. Do away with the actor, and you do away with the means by which a debasedstage»realism is produced and flourishes. No longer would there be a living figure toconfuse us into connecting actuality and art; no longer a living figure in which the weaknessand tremors of the flesh were perceptible. &amp;The actor must go, and in his place comes the inanimate figure—the uber-marionette we maycal him, until he has won for himself a better name. £&gt; Much has been written about the puppet—or marionette. There are some excellent volumes upon him, and he has also inspired severalworks of Art. To-day in his least happy period many people have come to regard him as rathera superior doll—and to think he has developed from the doll. This is incorrect. He is adescendant of the stone images of the old Temples—he is to-day a rather degenerate form ofa God. Always the close friend of children he still knows how to select and attract his devotees.When anyone designs a puppet on paper, he draws a stiff and comic looking thing. Sucha one has not even perceived what is contained in the idea which we now call the Marionette.He mistakes gravity of face and calmness of body for blank stupidity and angular deformity.Yet even Modern Puppets are extraordinary things. The applause may thunder or dribble,their hearts beat no faster, no slower, their signals do not grow hurried or confused;and, though drenched in a torrent of bouquets and love, the face of the leading lady remainsas solemn, as beautiful and as remote as ever. &amp; There is something more than a flash ofgenius in the Marionette, and there is something in him more than the flashiness ofdisplayed personality. The Marionette.... appears to me to be the last echo of some nobleand beautiful art of a past civilization. But as with all art which has passed into fat orvulgar hands, the Puppet has become a reproach. AH puppets are now but low comedians.They imitate the comedians of the larger and fuller blooded stage. They enter only to fallon their back. They drink only to reel, and make love only to raise a laugh. They haveforgotten the counsel of their Mother, the Sphinx. Their bodies have lost their grave grace,they have become stiff. Their eyes have lost that infinite subtlety of seeming to see; nowthey only stare. They display and jingle their wires and are cock-sure in their woodenwisdom. They have failed to remember that their art should carry on it the same stamp ofreserve that we see at times on the work of other artists, and that the highest art is thatwhich conceals the craft and forgets the craftsman. Am 1 mistaken, or is it not the oldGreek Traveller of 8oo B. C. who, describing a visit to the TempIe»Theatre in Thebes, tellsus that he was won to their beauty by their 44 noble artificiality." 44 Coming into the44 House of Visions I saw afar off the fair brown Queen seated upon her throne.... her44 tomb.... for both it seemed to me. 1 sank back upon my couch and watched her44 symbolic movements. With so much ease did her rhythms alter as with her movements44 they passed from limb to limb; with such a show of calm did she unloose for us the44 thoughts of her breast; so gravely and so beautifully did she linger on the statement of44 her sorrow, that with us it seemed as if no sorrow could harm her; no distortion of body44 or feature allowed us to dream that she was conquered; the passion and the pain were44 continually being caught by her hands, held gently, and viewed calmly. &amp; Her arms and44 hands seemed at one moment like a thin warm fountain of water which rose, then44 broke and fell with all those sweet pale fingers like spray into her lap. It would have44 been as a revelation of art to us had 1 not already seen that the same spirit dwelt in44 the other examples of the art of these Egyptians. This 4 Art of Showing and Veiling'as " they call it, is so great a spiritual force in the land that it plays the larger part in" their religion. We may learn from it somewhat of the power and the grace of courage," for it is impossible to witness a performance without a sense of physical and spiritual" refreshment." This in 800 B. C. And who knows whether the Puppet shall not onceagain become the faithful medium for the beautiful thoughts of the artist. May we notlook forward with hope to that day which shall bring back to us once more the figure, orsymbolic creature, made also by the cunning of the artist, so that we can regain oncemore the " nohle artificiality 99 which the old writer speaks of. £/ Then shall we no longerbe under the cruel influence of the emotional confessions of weakness which are nightlywitnessed by the people and which in their turn create in the beholders the very weaknesseswhich are exhibited. &amp; To that end we must study to remake these images—no longercontent with a puppet, we must create an ttber-marionette. The iiber-marionette willnot compete with Life—but will rather go beyond it. Its ideal will not be the flesh andblood but rather the body in Trance—it will aim to clothe itself with a deathlike Beautywhile exhaling a living spirit. Several times in the course of this essay has a word ortwo about Death found its way on to the paper.... called there by the incessant clamouringof "Life! Life! Life!" which the Realists keep up. And this might be easily mistaken foran affectation especially by those who have no sympathy or delight in the power and themysterious joyousness which is in all passionless works of art. If the famous Rubens andthe celebrated Raphael made none but passionate and exuberant statements, there weremany artists before them and since to whom moderation in their art was the mostprecious of all their aims, and these more than all others exhibit the true masculinemanner. The other flamboyant or drooping artists whose works and names catch the eyeof to-day do not so much speak like men as bawl like animals, or lisp like women. The wise, the moderate masters, strong because of the laws to which they swore to remainever faithful.... their names unknown for the most part.... a fine family.... the creators of thegreat and tiny gods of the East and the West, the guardians of those larger times,... these allbent their thoughts forward towards the unknown, searching for sights and sounds in thatpeaceful and joyous country, that they might raise a figure of stone or sing a verse, investingit with that same peace and joy seen from afar, so as to balance all the grief and turmoil here.In America we can picture these brothers of that family of masters, living in their superbancient cities, colossal cities which I ever think of as able to be moved in a single day; citiesof spacious tents of silk and canopies of gold under which dwelt their gods; dwellings whichcontained all the requirements of the most fastidious; those moving cities which, as theytravelled from height to plain, over rivers and down valleys, seemed like some vastadvancing army of peace. And in each city not one or two men called " artists " whom therest of the city looked upon as ne' er do well idlers, but many men chosen by the communitybecause of their higher powers of perception.... artists; for that is what the title of artistmeans, one who perceives more than his fellows, and who records more than he has seen.And not the least among those artists was the artist of the ceremonies, the creator of thevisions, the minister whose duty it was to celebrate their guiding spirit.... the spirit of Motion.In Asia, too, the forgotten masters of the temples and all that those temples contained, havepermeated every thought, every mark in their work with this sense of calm motion resemblingdeath.... glorifying and greeting it. In Africa, (which some of us think we are but now tocivilize) this spirit dwelt,... the essence of the perfect civilization. There too dwelt the greatmasters, not individuals obsessed with the idea off each asserting his personality as if it was avaluable and mighty thing, but content because of a kind of holy patience to move their brainsand their fingers only in that direction permitted by the law--in the service of the simple truths.How stern the law was, and how little the artist of that day permitted himself to make anexhibition of his personal feelings can be discovered by looking at any example of Egyptian art.Look at any limb ever carved by the Egyptians, search into all those carved eyes, they willdeny you until the crack of doom. Their attitude is so silent that it is death like. Yettenderness is there, and charm is there; prettiness is even there side by side with the force;and love bathes each single work; but gush, emotion, swaggering personality of the artist?...not one single breath of it. Pierce doubts or hopes?... not one hint of such a thing. Strenuousdetermination?... not a sign of it has escaped the artist; none of these confessions.... stupidities.Nor pride, nor fear, nor the comic, not any indication that the artist's mind or hand was for the thousandth part of a moment out of the command of the laws which ruled him.How superb I This it is to be a great artist; and the amount of emotional outpourings ofto-day and of yesterday are no signs of supreme intelligence,... that is to say, are no signsof supreme art. To Europe came this spirit, hovered over Greece, could hardly be drivenout of Italy, but finally fled, leaving a little stream of tears,... pearls.... before us. And we,having crushed most of them, munching them along with the acorns of our food, have gonefurther and fared worse and have prostrated ourselves before the so-called " great masters, "and have worshipped these dangerous and flamboyant personalities. On an evil day wethought in our ignorance that it was us they were sent to draw, that it was our thoughtsthey were sent to express; that it was something to do with us that they were putting intotheir architecture, their music, and so it was we came to demand that we should be ableto recognize ourselves in all that they put hand to; that is to say, in their architecture, intheir sculpture, in their music, in their painting, and in their poetry we were to figure... andwe also reminded them to invite us with the familiar words " come as you are."&amp; The artists after many centuries have given in, that which we asked them for they havesupplied. And so it came about that when this ignorance had driven off the fair spirit whichonce controlled the mind and hand of the artist, a dark spirit took its place; the happy-go- lucky Hooligan in the seat of the Law, that is to say, a stupid spirit reigning; and everybodybegan to shout about Renaissance! while all the time the painters, musicians, sculptors,architects, vied one with the other to supply the demand.... that all these things should beso made that all people could recognize them as having something to do with themselves.Up sprang portraits with flushed faces, eyes which bulged, mouths which leered, fingersitching to come out of their frame, wrists which exposed the pulse; all the colours higgledypiggledy; all the lines in hubbub, like the ravings of lunacy. Form breaks into panic; thecalm and cool whisper of life in trance which once had breathed out such an ineffable hopeis heated, fired into a blaze and destroyed, and In its place.... realism, the blunt statementof Life, something everybody misunderstands while recognizing. And all far from thepurpose of art. For its purpose is not to reflect the actual facts of this life, because it isnot the custom of the artist to walk behind things, having won it as his privilege to walkin front of them—to lead. Rather should life reflect the likeness of the spirit, for it wasthe spirit which first chose the artist to chronicle its Beauty, (i) &amp; And in that picture, if theform be that of the living, on account of its beauty and tenderness, the colour for it mustbe sought from that unknown land of the imagination,... and what is that but theland where dwells that which we call Death. &amp; So it is not lightly and flippantly that Ispeak of Puppets and their power to retain the beautiful amd remote expressions in formand face even when subjected to a patter of praise, a torrent of applause. There are personswho have made a jest of these Puppets. " Puppet "is a term of contempt, though there stillremain some who find beauty in these little figures, degenerate though they have become.To speak of a Puppet with most men and women is to cause them to giggle. They thinkat once of the wires; they think of the stiff hands and the jerky movements; they tell meit is " a funny little doll. " But let me tell them a few things about these Puppets. Letme again repeat that they are the descendants of a great and noble family of Images, Imageswhich were made in the likeness of God; and that many centuries ago these figures had arhythmical movement and not a jerky one; had no need for wires to support them, nor didthey speak through the nose of the hidden manipulator. &amp; (Poor Punch, I mean no slightto you! You stand alone, dignified in your despair, as you look back across the centurieswith painted tears still wet upon your ancient cheeks, and you seem to cry out appealinglyto your dog, " Sister Anne, sister Anne, is nobody coming? " And then with that superbbravado of yours, you turn the force of our laughter (and my tears) upon yourself with theheartrending shriek of "Oh my nose! Oh, my nose! Oh my nose!) Did you think, ladiesand gentlemen, that thees puppets were always little things of but a foot high?&amp; Indeed, no! The Puppet had once a more generous form than yourselves. &amp;Do you think that he kicked his feet about on a little platform six foot square, made toresemble a little old fashioned theatre; so that his head almost touched the top of theproscenium; and do you think that he always lived in a little house where the door and windows were as small as a doll's house, with painted window blinds parted in the centre,and where the flowers of his little garden had courageous petals as big as his head? Tryand dispel this idea altogether from your minds, and let me tell you something of his habitation.In Asia lay his first Kingdom. On the banks of the Ganges they built him his home,... avast palace springing from column to column into the air and pouring from column to columndown again into the water. Surrounded by gardens spread warm and rich with flowers andcooled by fountains; gardens into which no sounds entered, in which hardly anything stirred.Only in the cool and private chambers of this palace the swift minds of his attendantsstirred incessantly. Something they were making which should become him, somethingto honour the spirit which had given him birth. And then, one day, the ceremony. &amp;In this ceremony he took part; a celebration once more in praise of the Creation; the oldthanksgiving, the hurrah for existence, and with it the sterner hurrah for the privilege ofthe existence to come, which is veiled by the word Death. And during this ceremony thereappeared before the eyes of the brown worshippers the symbols of all things on earth and inNirvana. The symbol of the beautiful tree, the symbol of the hills, the symbols of those richores which the hills contained; the symbol of the cloud, of the wind, and of all swift movingthings; the symbol of the quickest of moving things, of Thought, of Remembrance; thesymbol of the Animal, the symbol of Buddha and of Man.... and here he comes, the figure,the Puppet at whom you all laugh so much. You laugh at him to«day because none buthis weaknesses are left to him. He reflects these from you; but you would not have laughedhad you seen him in his prime, in that age when he was called upon to be the symbol ofman in the great ceremony, and, stepping forward, was the beautiful figure of ourheart's delight. &amp; If we should laugh at and insult the memory of the Puppet, we shouldbe laughing at the fall that we have brought about in ourselves.... laughing at the Beliefsand Images we have broken. A few centuries later, and we find his home a little theworse for wear. &amp; Prom a temple it has become, I will not say a theatre, but somethingbetween a temple and a theatre, and he is losing his health in it. Something is in the air;his doctors tell him he must be careful. " And what am 1 to fear the most? " he asksthem. They answer him; " Fear most the vanity of men. " He thinks, " But that iswhat 1 myself have always taught; that we who celebrated in joy this our existence, shouldhave this one great fear. Is it possible that I, one who has ever revealed this truth, shouldbe one to lose sight of it and should myself be one of the first to fall? Clearly some subtleattack is to be made on me. 1 will keep my eyes upon the Heavens. " And he dismisseshis doctors and ponders upon it.And now let me tell you who It was that came to disturb the calm air which surroundedthis curiously perfect thing. It is on record that somewhat later he took up his abode onthe far Eastern Coast, and there came two women to look upon him. And at the ceremonyto which they came he glowed with such earthly splendour and yet such unearthly simplicity,that though he proved an inspiration to the thousand nine hundred and ninety eight soulswho participated in the festival, an inspiration which cleared the mind even as it intoxicated,yet to these two women it proved an intoxication only. He did not see them, his eyes werefixed on the heavens: but he charged them full of a desire too great to be quenched; thedesire to stand as the direct symbol of the Divinity in Man. No sooner thought thandone; and arraying themselves as best they could in garments (" like his, " they thought)moving with gestures (" like his " they said) and being able to cause wonderment in the mindsof the beholders (" even as he does, " they cried) they built themselves a temple (" like his 99" like his "), and supplied the demand of the vulgar,... the whole thing a poor parody.This is on record. It is the first record in the East of the actor.... The actor springs fromthe foolish vanity of two women who are not strong enough to look upon the symbol ofgodhead without desiring to tamper with it; and the parody proved profitable. In fifty ora hundred years, places for such parodies were to be found in all parts of the land. Weeds, they say, grow quickly, and that wilderness of weeds, the modern theatre, soonsprang up. The figure of the Divine Puppet, attracted fewer and fewer lovers, and the womenwere quite the latest thing. With the fading of the Puppet and the advance of thesewomen who exhibited themselves on the stage in his place, came that darker spiritwhich is called Chaos, and in its wake the triumph of the riotous Personality. Do yousee then, what has made me love and learn to value that which to-day we call the puppet and to detest that which we call life in art? I pray earnestly for the return of theImage.... the uber-marionette, to the Theatre; and when he comes again and is but seen,he will be loved so well that once more will it be possible for the people to return totheir ancient Joy in ceremonies ....once more will Creation be celebrated.... homage renderedto existence.... and divine and happy intercession made to Death. &amp; &amp; &amp;  Florence, March 1907. Whether actingis an art. &amp; Unreasonableattacks, Acting is not anart. J£&gt; Mantlet's di*rections disie- garded. ■Emotion conspi- res against Art* &amp; Comedy ofAuthor and Actor Tragedy ofAuthor and Actor The way out. The Actor Imi- tates. The Actor wouldrival the Photo- grapher Conversationbetween Actor,Artist and Mu- sician. &amp; Their differentattitudes. The actress. They shall speakthe truth. Perfect actingimpossible. The will of thethe Artist. Work of art.Work of chance. The brave actor. Some *' IFS. " Jbaws of the Artof the Theatre. Acting less exactthan Photogra- phy. A new hope. A mysteriousBeauty, The bubblingpersonality, Personalitynever Wasted, Flaubert, Charles L,amb. William Hazlitt,Dante, &amp; Dleonora Duse. The wary than- ger, &amp; Napoleon, The Marionette. 8 o o: B. C.&amp; &amp; The iiher ma- rionette not tocompete withLife. The wise mastersof Art. £&gt; In America. In Asia &amp; Africa. Love inteacL ofgush. The Hooliganreigns. &amp; The privilegeof the Artist. Punch. On the banks ofthe Ganges. The thanksgiv- ing Ceremony. The symbol ofman. &amp; The Fall. Gush not hove. •" And therefore when anyone of these pantomimic gentlemen, who are so clever that they can Imitate anything comes to us,and makes a proposal to exhibit himself and his poetry, we will fall down and worship him as a sweet and holy and wonderfulbeing; but we must also Inform him that In our State such as he are not permitted to exist; the law will not allowthem. And so, when we have annotated him with myrrh, and set a garland of wool upon his head, we shall lead himaway toanotherclty. For we mean to emjjloy for our soul's health the rougher and severer poet or. story-teller, who willimitate the style of the virtuous only, aud will follow those models which we prescribed at first when we began theeducation of our soldiers. " Plato, (The whole passage being too long the print here, we refer te reader to The Republic,Book HI. 39|5)» (1) Studies in Seven Arts;... Arthur Symons; Constable; 1906.(2) Of sculpture Pater writes." Its white light, purged from the angry, bloodlike stains of action and passion, reveals, not what is accidental In man,but the god in him, as opposed to man's restless movement. "Again, " The base of all artistic genius is the power of conceiving humanity in a new striking rejoicing way, of putting a happy world of Its own construction in place of the meaner world of common days, of generating around itself an atmophereWith a novel power of refraction, selecting, transforming, recomblning the images it transmits, according to the choice ofthe imaginathinve Intellect. "And again; "All that is accidental, all that distracts the simple effect upon us of the supreme types of humanity, alltraces In them of the commonness of the world, it gradually purges away. " (1) " All forms are perfect in the poet's mind: But these are not abstracted or compounded from nature; they are fromImagination, " William Blake. Aristotle's Poetics. XXVI, 1-4. The Spectacle has, indeed, an emotional attraction of its own, but, of all the parts, it is theleast artistic, and connected least with the art of poetry. For the power of Tragedy, wemay be sure, is felt even apart from representation and actors. Besides, the production ofspectacular effects depends more on the art of the stage machinist than on that of the poet.Aristotle's Poetics, VI, 19.Again, Tragedy like Epic poetry produces its effect even without action; it reveals its power by mere reading. DESIGN FOR A STAGE SCENE JULIUS OLIVER A VENICE AND A ROME for theconsideration of young scene painters. Allen Carric. the page facing we give a clue to good scene painting. If the young and serious designerfor the stage should study from these little pictures alone, and could bring himself to seethe wonder which lies in them and disregard all that he is taught by the modern theatre,he would soon learn to invent wonderful and charming backgrounds for the plays ofShakespeare. Merchant of Venice lived in just such a Venice as that shownhere; Shakespeare's Julius Caesar in just such a Rome. The modern scene painter will saythat this design for Venice is an ill-drawn and lifeless design, and that the modern painterscan make better. But we have yet to see a better modern design, and we have looked in»vain for one in the Theatres of Europe. And why this is so much better, and so far bettersuited to the Theatre than the modern rubbish which gets there, is that this design is fullof strength, distinction, and grace, and thoughtful feeling, and the modern designs are full ofweakness, vulgarity, and conceit. How then can the spirit of Shakespeare's plays be rightlyrevealed, or understood, when it is suffocated by these scenic grossnesses? &amp;It is, not a question whether scenery is good or bad for the Shakespearean drama.... it is onlywhether good scenery is good or bad for these plays. Surely good scenery is entirely good.And what is good scenery? Is it necessarily a plain curtain, and a table, and two chairs? Whyis this good? What makes it worthy to be called good scenery? We know that over-muchscenery nearly always can be called bad scenery.... but over-little scenery is also as bad; itis a case of the Devil or the deep sea. Then is a medium amount of scenery good scenery?Well, the amount is of some importance, though a medium amount of good scenery and amedium amount of bad scenery leaves us no better off one way or the other. Nol It is notthe amount of scenery, good or bad ; it is the quality. And will the modern designers quarrelwith us about quality?.... well, quality is a divine thing and all men desire it. What thesedesigns for Venice and Rome contain is quality,.... and as that is a thing which the stagenever dreams of winning, what is the good of speaking about it? &amp; But keep your thoughtsfixed on these and like designs; it can do you no harm, and may do you much good,..., andfor the love of your Art, your country, or even yourself, wake up, and understand them.&amp; If I were to fill this number of " The Mask " with talk about line, design, atmosphere,style, and all the rest of it, I should only confuse you, for you cannot understand what youcannot feel. So I print these two designs and put them before you. Look at them longenough, and you will begin to feel the foolishness of modern sceneries. The moment youfeel this, you will begin to understand the sense of these designs. And that will be counted as so much growth to the Art which we all strive to cultivate. For Shakespeare What is goodScenery. &amp; Wake up! THE ENERGY OF THE GERMAN THEATRE. English hear many stories about the energy, the progressive spirit of the Germans. Theybelieve just as much as it suits them to believe. They would do well to believe everybit of these stories so far as the German Theatre is concerned.... a little competition is byno means a dangerous thing. But as not all, even the truest, stories are always to bebelieved, we give here a couple of lists which show better than any telling what realenergy the German Theatre contains. The first list or programme for the week is takenfrom the year 1904, the second list from the year 1908. Both are representative lists; neitheris exceptional. In every German town the programme is as varied, and anyone will seeat a glance that the standard is high. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; The plays and operas of the first class have been underlined so that the reader may seeat a glance how evenly the balance Is preserved between these and the ordinary tradeplays. &amp; In the first list, or programme for a week, we find the names of the followingauthors or composers. &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;£?&amp;Name of Author. Number of performances. Theatres.Shakespeare .... s .... 3Goethe 1 1Weber 1 ,Wagner ..... 2 1Mozart 1 .... 1Schiller ..... 7 .... 3Ibsen ...... i .... iGorki ...... 3 .... 1Hofmannsthal .... 1 1Hauptmann 2 1Total for the week 24 14This is a good record.... 3 Foreign Masters, 7 German Masters. In the second programmeof a week we find even a better record, showing that the German Theatre of 1908 is anadvance upon that of 1904.Name of Author. Number of performances. Theatre.Shakespeare .... 3 1Schiller 5 .... 2Lessing 3 1Hebbel 1 1Wagner 2 1Ibsen 3 .... 1Wyspianski ' 3 1Caulderon 4 1Macchiavelli .... 4 1Hauptmann..... 1 1Strindberg 1 , . . . 1Gorki 1 .... 1Richard Strauss. ... 1 1Bernard Shaw .... 7 . . . . 1Total for the week 43 15In both these lists the number of performances of Gorki, Hofmannsthal and Strindberg aredistinctly fewer than is usual. In some lists the name of Gorki, with his single play, "Nachtasyl,,appears seven times in a week. That of Strindberg five or six times, and the youngest poetof Germany, Hofmannsthal, not less than eight times in one week. Add to this theperformance of all these first class works in Dresden, Munich, Hamburg, Leipzig, Mannheim,Heidelberg, Darmstadt, Dussledorf, Breslau, and some idea can be gathered as to the energyof the Theatre in Germany. It will also be seen that only eight of the above theatresattempt the continuous run system, and that the plays selected for this experiment are notthose of Shakespeare, Schiller or Goethe. Compare this with the English system which runsall the good things to death, and it will be seen that the advantage lies with the Germans....not the German Theatres any more than the English Tlieatresy but with the German Peoplefor whom the theatre exists. That Mr Granville Barker's stand against this system shouldnot have received national, or at least strong personal, support from capitalists keen ondoing some good with their wealth, is not merely surprising but entirely and disastrouslyshameful. If Mr Barker's attitude had been very extreme, one could have understood this;or if his scheme had included a revival of the entire Art of the Theatre, or had been in anyway a specially artistic movement, we could understand that the gravity of the offencedemanded a stern treatment of cold water; but it was merely a sensible and very pluckyattempt to raise the English Theatre to the level of the Continental Theatre. To he believed. Hofmannsthal. &amp; Mr. Gianville BERLIN THEATRE PROGRAMME FOR A WEEK IN NOVEMBER 28. 1904. THEATRE.Monday.ITuesday.Wednesday.Thursday.Friday.Saturday,Sunday.KQL. OPERNHAUS 7.30LohengrinBajazzl CoppeliaDie lustigen Weibervon WindsorTannhauserSimphonieabendd. konigl. KapelleDie lustigen Weiberv. WindsorDer FreischiitzKQL. SCHAUSPIELHAUS 7.30———————NEUES KQL. OPERNHAUS 7.00Flachsraannals ErzieherAndromcheGelehrte FrauenOthelloTheodoraAndronacheGelehrte FrauenFaustFlachsmannals Erzieher |DEUTSCHES THEATER 7.30Don CarlosMaskeradeMaskeradeDon CarlosMaskeradeMaskeradeMaskeradeLESSING-THEATER 7.30D. SiebzehnjahrigeDer BiberpelzTraumulusD. SiebzehnjahrigeDer BiberpelzD. SiebzehnjahrigeTraumulusTHEATER DES WESTENS 7.30Die HugenottenWiener BlutLa TraviataFranc. d'AndradeDon JuanWiener BlutWiener BlutWiener BlutNEUES THEATER 7.00Die lustigen Welbervon WindsorMorgenroteMorgenroteDie lustigen weibervon WindsorDie KronpratendentenD. lustig. Weibervon WindsorMorgenrote1DTSCH.-AMERIK. TH. 8.00New YorkNew YorkNew YorkNew YorkNew YorkNew York— |New YorkRESIDENZ-THEATER 7.30E. HochzeltsnachtE. HochzeitsnachtE. HochzeitsnachtE. HochzeitsnachtE. HochzeitsnachtE. HochzeitsnachtE. Hochzeitsnacht |CENTRAL-THEATER 7.30Deer GeneralkonsulDer GeneralkonsulDer GeneralkonsulDer GeneralkonsulDie GeishaDer GeneralkonsulDer Generalkonsul IBERLINER-THEATER 7.30Eln TeufelskerlZapfenstreichAlt-HeidelbergEin TeufelskerlGotz von BerlichingenZapfenstreichEln Teufelskerl 1SCHILLER-TH. N. 8.00Tyranney der ThrSnenMutter ErdeGrosstadtluftMutter ErdeD. HaubenlercheKrieg in FriedenDie HaubenlercheSCHILLER-TH. O. 8.00Wallensteins LagerDie PiccolomlniWallensteins TodTyranney der ThrSnenj Wallanstelns LagerDie PiccolomlniWallensteins TodDie Jiidln von ToledoGrossstadtluftTHALIA-THEATER 7.30Der WelberkonigDer WelberkonigDer WelberkonigD. WelberkonigDer WelberkonigDer WelberkonigDer Weiberkonig jLUISEN-THEATER 8.00Der Registrator aufReisenDie Reise d. Berlin in80 StundeuJulius CaesarDie Relse d. Berlinin 80 StundenJulius CaesarMeln LeopoldVon Stufe zu StufeBELLE ALLIANCE-TH. 8.00D. MllllonenbauerD. MilionenbauerD. MillionenbauerD. MillionenbauerD. MillionenbauerFrohl WeihnachtFrrhl. Weihnacht jAPOLLO-THEATER 8.00Berliner Luft 1 Berliner LnftIBerliner LuftBerliner LuftBerliner LuftBerliner LuftBerliner LuftNATIONAL-THEATER 8.00Der WaffenschmiedDie FavorltinPrevostl, FedoraDer WaffenschmiedMillionenbrautPrevosti La TraviataDie MillionenbrautMETROPOL-THEATER 8.00D. Herren v. MaximD. Herren v. MaximD. Herren v. MaximD» Herren v MaximD. Herren v. MaximD. Herrea v. MaximD. Herren v. MaximKLEINES THEATER 8.00NachtasylDer tapfere KasslanDer tapfere KasslanNachtasylEleclstraNachtasylDer tapfere KasslanTRIANON-THEATER 8.00Gastons FrauenGastons FrauenGastons FrauenGastons FrauenGastons FrauenGastons FrauenGastons Frauea BERLIN THEATRE PROGRAMME FOR A WEEK IN JANUARY 1908.Kbnigli-chesopernhausKbnigli-chesSchau-spielhausResidentTheaterDeutschesTheaterDtsch.Theater .Kammer-spieleHebbelTheaterKleinesTheaterThaliaTheaterLessingTheaterFriedrichWilhelm-stadt.Schausp.Theateran derSpreeFoliesCapriceChat noirFriedri-chstr. 165Schiller|T h e a t e rChariot-tenburgAnfang7.307.3087.3087.3087.307.30888118Dienstag•Therese.Das warich. Slav.Brautw.KSnigBibiDieFrauleinJulie. DieNeuver-mahlteriGASTSPIEL IM CENTRAL=THEATER;7.30Fra Warrens Qewerbe von Bernard ShawMandra-GirardiImmerobenaufDie gelbeNachtigallKbnigHeinrichHokus-pokusM A L WAS ANDERES!Revue mit Gesang in 3 Biledrn.Vorher: Dunkle Punhte. — Eine anstandige Frau, Lustspiel.1 . - - . . . - _DIR. RUDOLPH NELSON.Lene Land a. G. — Costanze ZinnerBetti Kaiser-Szalok. — Fritz Griinbaum.Karll Nagelmiiller. — Kate Erlholz.Der Rich-OedipusRaubergolater vonZalamea!I MittwochDie Mei-stersingervonNiirnbergMinna v.BarnhelmBibiWas ihrwolltFriihlingsErwachenDerUnsichereGirardiImmerobenaufNoraMadameSans GeneHokus-pokusCollegeCrampton jDonnerstagSamsonu. DalilaDieRaben-steinerinBibiDieRauberHochzeitMandra-golaGirardiImmerobenaufKaiserKarlsGeiselMadameSans GeneHokus-pokus• |Philister. 1Die Lore |FreitagSalomeMinna v.BibiWas ihrQygesDerUnsichereGirardiImmerobenaufDieStiitzenderGesell-schaftKdnigHeinrichHokus-pokus%Der Rich-Barnhelmwolltund seinRingter vonZalameaSonnabendTristanu. IsoldeDie BrantvonMessinaBibiDieRauberHochzeitMandra-golaGirardiImmerobenaufDieWildenteK5nigHeinrichHokus-pokusGebildeteMenschenSonntagMignonMinna v.HabenSienichts zuverz.DieHochzeit3 Uhr:MariaM a g d a-lena3 Uhr: IhrSechs UhrOnkelNachm.DieversunkGlocke3 Uhr:NachtasylNachm.Ausge-wiesenN. Der Ri=BarnhelmRauberMadameSans Genechter von8 Uhr: Gi-I. obenaufHokus-pokusZalameaBibiMandrag.Der Biber.\ MontagJohannvon ParisPrinzFriedrichvonHomburgWas ihrFriihlingsErwachenUnbe-stimmtRosmers-K5nigHeinrichHokus-pokusDer Rich-woltholmter vonZalamea FOREIGN NOTES AMSTERDAM J. v. H. tragedian Olojiro Kawakami and hiscelebrated wife Sada Yacco have beenlately performing here to what is known asempty benches, and this in spite of the lectureswhich Madame Sada Yacco has delivered here.&amp; The Dutch Actor, Royaards. has writtenan interesting article about their art in ajournal here, in which he tells the actorsto try and learn something from this visitof the Japanese. 1 quote a passage fromhis article which will have interest for thereaders of 44 The Mask ".... 44 Believe me, "he writes, 44 it does not matter that you donot understand the language of these artists.In this old Japanese Legend perhaps onlyforty word are spoken, and of these not eventen by Kawakami, who plays the PrinceKoremotchi, and yet what an artist of theTheatre he proves himself to be IIn seeing hisvery powerful and always beautiful gestures,which remind us of a series of peerless Japaneseprints, I suddenly understood the Japaneseand a great part of the culture of thisunconquerable race, but also came to a fullerunderstanding of something else; that is tosay, the aims of Mr Gordon Craig to subordinateword to gesture in the Dramatic Art. Theimpression I received from the silent actingof the Japanese will be ineffacable in me, ...Apart from the pleasure which the Japanesegive us, they give us as well a deeper insightinto the kernel of the art of acting than most of our European stars ". BUDAPEST A. H. The Marionette. &amp; To the pupils in myDramatic College I put the following questionyesterday. 44 Do you consider the Marionettenatural? " 44 No ", they answered with onevoice. 44 What, " 1 replied indignantly, 44 notnatural? All its movements speak with theperfect voice of its nature. If a machineshould try to move in imitation of humanbeings, that would be unnatural. Now followme:... the Marionette is more than natural;it has Style, ...that is to say, Unity ofExpression; therefore the Marionette Theatre is the true Theatre". WARSAW The Polish Theatre born of the genius ofWyspianski made itself felt even before hisuntimely deaths Now it begins to make itselfunderstood. It will prove a great factor in therejuvination of the whole land. The Russian. Art Theatres continue to derive inspirationfrom the efforts of the Polish artist, andimitation is less evident in their work thanmight be expected under the circumstances. STOCKOLM A correspondent from Stockholm sends 11s adrawing by Axel Gallen of an episode fromthe Kale Vala which depicts an old and whitebearded man leaning out over a boat andtrying to seize a beatiful girl who, like Undine,is escaping from him into the water. Underthe Design is written, " The old man wouldcatch the beautiful maiden and can't;just as our old Theatre here wishes to catchArt and .....can't." It is an expressive criticism,and coming from the beautiful and celebratedEllen Key, it is valuable.Another correspondent sends us the followingfrom the same city:.... "A new theatre hasbeen built. The directors think of conductingit as a commercial theatre, so that we are nofurther forward than we were before it wasbuilt. The inauguration was a dull affairFor the construction of the Theatre itselfwe can find no words of praise. &amp; &amp;Conventional to the last degree, and madeafter the old worn-out pattern of the last 150years, the architect seems to have entirelydisregarded Wagner's lesson to Europe as tothe purpose and therefore the shape, of anauditorium.The ground plan also shows that thearchitect was obliged to make shift with hisspace. It is very disappointing. The Marchnumber of " Ord och Bild contains aninteresting illustrated description of this newTheatre. There are thirty five illustrations, andamongst these are some excellent designs byCarl Miller, and six by that charming artist, CarlLarson. Especially interesting is the " Skalden "on page 151. This design the artist was evidentlypersuaded or obliged to alter, for it differsgreatly from the final design shown in anotherillustration; we prefer the sketch on page151. The other designs are interesting inthemselves as showing the tendency of agroup of Scandinavian artists. &amp; MUNICH A.F. A MODEL ART THEATRE The Munich Exhibition of 1908 will containa Model Theatre. It will be the work of theartists of the city, who have prepared modelsof their scenes. The artists have worked withlove, and, in many cases, have produced intheir scenes the impression of space. Theactual value of some of the attempts,(particularly the " Faust " scenes by Erler)depend much upon the stage conditions andparticularly upon the lighting, and thereforethese models can only be as incompletesketches. At the Press view held a littlewhile ago, it was clear to me that the modernTheatre can supply the simple requirementsof these artists much will have been gainedfor the art of stage production. The modelswere on view in the studio of ProfessorLittmann, whose work as architect for thePrince Regent Theatre and for the newTheatre in weimar is well known. These two theatres differ greatly, ProfessorLittmann having no dogmatic views as to theIn the first design he was wise enough tofollow the principles demonstrated firstby Wagner in the Bayreuth Theatre. &amp;Among the several improvements of the newmodel stage in Munich the most importantis the moveable proscenium. By means ofthis the stage opening can be diminished orenlarged at will. Lear's Council Chamber andthe Hovel can both show to by this means,and it is obvious that this assists theordinary spectator to feel the reality of therepresentation. Whether it is of any valueto the art is quite another matter. It isnote that a moveable prosceniumwas designed by Professor Herkomer manyyears ago. He was even courteous enough toexhibit a model of it to a gathering of Englishmanagers, stage«managers, actors, andactresses who filled the small Avenue Theatre,(now the " Playhouse ") to listen to theexcellent address which he delivered upon theidea. Not one manager amongst all theinfluential gatheringseemsto have understoodthe value of his invention, for London isstill without its moveable proscenium....and Germany is now making one.... Thelecture was delivered somewhere about theyear 1898 &amp; the designs for this moveableproscenium may be seen in a large volumeon " Stage Construction " published by Batsford and written by Edwin O Sachs.. PHILADELPHIA G. W. P. Alas, good news is not to be obtained. Onething only; we know that there is such a thingas the Art of the Theatre, that there is sucha thing as an artist of the Theatre.... thatAmerica possesses neither; for if there has beensuch a thing here it has been secreted in anobscure place. Perhaps a little later we shallbe able to send news about Mr Belasco andof Mrs Fiske; yet why a work of art shouldnot bloom under the protective attention ofthe Trust is difficult to understand. It is notdifficult to understand why it has notblossomed hitherto. Still it is easy for Artto be patient:... but the Public?....?How long will they be content to pay forfifth rate goods, and so countenance a plain unvarnished swindle? &amp; FLORENCE J. S. Signor Salvini dwells here still. Thereforewe may say that the Theatre in Florence isstill one of the great theatres of Europe.Signor Salvini does not act, but an influencesuch as his does not fade easily. The greatactor revived for another century to come,the grand manner of acting. His gestures,his voice, were not less natural than thoseof the more modern realists..** but they weremore true. These realists are most depressingwhenever they huddle on to the stage andbegin tinkering. Signor Salvini has verylittle sympathy for such nervous exhibitions.Hphe occasional visits of Madame Duse arealways occasions. She brings her old plays... ' La Dame aux Camalies ', • Gioconda ', MonnaVanna' etc, and sometimes gives us a newplay But she does not honour us bybringing Shakespeare. &amp;Grasso and his wonderful companygave us the opportunity of judging thepower and swiftness of the Tuscan nature; theirvisit sent the Florentines mad with joy for afew days. Grasso and his company werebrilliant, but his audience was wonderful.The cry which went up on his entry will neverbe forgotten by those who heard it. Try toconceive a thousand men and women catchingsight of their lovers at the same moment andyou can then realise the quality of the soundwhich sprang from their throats as theiridol leapt before them. &amp; &amp; &amp;A nother item of news is that Mr Gordon Craighas, with the assistance of a little groupof workers, built a model theatre in whichhe is making experiments, Those experimentsare not, as might be imagined, confined toscenic inventions and the like, but spread overa wide area: in fact the whole Art of theTheatre, as he conceives it, is dissected andstudied. The model theatre fills a large studioand is constructed of wood. News of thisTheatre has reached America for we have seenseveral long articles upon it, illustrated bySowings by John Balance and others. Theseawings of the scenes and figures of thismodel stage show the originality of the wholeinvention We reserve further mention of thisundertaking until the summer, when an article has been promised us. MEININGIN G. N. The famous Court Theatre here has beendestroyed by fire. On March 5th at 9.30 inthe morning the fire started from some causeunknown under the stage. The iron curtainwas unavailable to prevent the flames fromreaching the auditorium, the heat being sointense that it destroyed the fastenings ofthe curtain, which fell like a red=hot sheetinto the places where we have sat sooften and witnessed so many beautifuirepresentations. At 8 o'clock in the evenigthe front of the building was still burning.Although the Theatre is a wreck, many of itsvaluable treasures were, fortunately,unharmed. These comprise the arms andarmour, many of the properties, and also thepriceless library. The Meiningen CourtTheatre was built in 1830. Duke George II tooka deep interest in the work, and under hisprotection the Meiningen stage flourished andspread a good influence through all theTheatres of Germany. One of the firstdirectors,., (or intendant, as he is called), wasthe marshall of the court, Von Stein; but asthe theatre grew in importance Von Steinrecommended his sovereign to invite the poetFrederic Bodenstedt to fill the position.Bodenstedt remained only a short time inMeiningen and the Duke gradually took mattersinto his own hands. In the work he was greatlyassisted by his wife, Baronness von Heldburg, a lady of English origin and sometime leadingactress of the Meningen Theatre. The Dukealso had an able assistant and organizerin Herr Ferdinand Chronegk, and underhis leadership the Meiningen Company madetheir famous tours of Europe. Their workwon for them the applause of London, Berlinand St Petersburg, where they became greatfavourites. In 1890 these tours ceased. Itwas the Meiningen Theatre which first startedthe 44 historically correct " school, and whichadvocated a lavish display of this 44 accuratedetail. " But the crown of the MeningenCompany was its Discipline....and the spirit ofthis discipline was unselfishness. When a newactor was engaged the Duke would say tohim, 44 If you wish to become a Meiniger youmust hold the Institute in such respect thatyou will sacrifice everything personal tocontribute to the glory of the whole, andyou will act as a stage supernumary. As anexample of the discipline in little matters, avisitor to the theatre tells us that one daythe chief hair-dresser had been fined twomarks for giving to Marguerite de Valois inthe 44 Bluthochziet," a coiffure which was nothistorically correct and was contrary toorders. It availed nothing to say that theactress herself desired the change. The hairdresser was responsible for his departmentand had to bear the fine. Yet so little arethese rules felt to be a hardship, thatthroughout Germany it is a matter ofambition for an actor and an actress to become a member of this company. LONDON R. S. THE UNPOPULARITY OF THE POPULARPLAY. &amp; &amp; &amp; J&amp;It has still to be proved that Beauty is lesscommercially successful than Vulgarity in Art.Especially in the Art of the Theatre.Vulgar plays are popular with the managersnot because the managers like them butbecause they are taught by the critics tobelieve they will bring in more moneny thanthe beautiful plays. &amp;Yet we hear daily of the failure of many so- called " popular " plays. &amp;Only this month in England our most celebratedactress has produced a popular play and failedto make it a success. Are we rash in sayingthat the inference is that the public is notsuch a fool as some people believe? That tostrive for Beauty in Art is really not out ofdate,... if the box-office returns for the"popular" failure is any sign... and that whilespending L. 2000.0 to produce a popularfailure, the cause of our theatre would beadvanced by sincere lovers of their art, if thesame sum had been spent upon an attemptto coax beauty upon the boards No ? &amp;HpHE SICILIAN PLAYERS IN LONDON. * 44 It is the first time in my life that I havehad to be ashamed of my Profession ". Sospake one of London's leading Actor Managerswhile witnessing a performance of the Sicilianplayers, at whose head stands the superb Grasso. The same Actor Manager added thatif it has not been that the world might havethought him a prude he would have got upand left the theatre. Little could the Theatrehave guessed that day the terrible crisisthrough which it was passing. How many ofthe audience were conscious of the possibleExodus of this Actor Manager? A moment'scourage on the part of this gentleman, andthe face of the whole theatrical world mighthave been altered. £?The Sicilian players had the intention ofplaying in London for two weeks. Theoverwhelming ovation accorded them by thepeople of London determined them to extendtheir visit for three weeks more. SIgnor Grassoand Signorina Mimi Aguglia have won all thehearts and turned all the heads. It has doneLondon much good to see them, and their workhas puzzled nobody but the critics. Everybodywas enthusiastic. In the stalls and dress-circlesat the curious armed with the indelicateopera glass; in the pit and the gallery sat orstood the flower of England's aristocracy,...that is to say, her scientists, artists, musicians,poets, and her ladies. What a charminggathering it was to be sure; how witty andgracious their acceptance of the brave qualtiesof this man and woman,... how sensible thecriticisms they uttered. To read the papersnext morning after hearing them was tedious.The critics, (we do not include the talentedwriters) to a man seem to have gone outbetween the acts and asked one another,44 Well, what do you think of it? " and eachseems to have replied, 44 don't know, what doyou ? " ....and both may have agreed to asksome one in the pit. Then each seems to havebeen button-holed either by a dandifiedmerchant or an armour plate manufacturer,and been told exactly what to think. &amp;So as you see it is all very amusing still inthe theatrical world here. The same play isenacted night after night in each theatre andthe final criticism of it all is that the ladiesof London are divinely fair and stand as theonly excuse for that arrogant tomfoolery.... the English stage. &amp; "ELECTRA" AND "SALOME"A NOTE ON A VULGAR PARAGRAPH G. N. London " They are hard at work with plectra at theGarden theatre, where Mrs. Pat Campbell andMrs. Tree will appear next Tuesday night,circumstances permitting. There is a greatdeal of speculative expectation regarding thedance which is to be performed in this play,for report has it that it has the Salome danceof the Seven Veils " beaten to a frazzle butnous verrons. London Journal.A nd this is the best paragraph which canbe made up out of an event of really someimportance to the theatre as an Art Institution.Surely such vulgarity is a trifle tedious,especially whew it appears in a well-knownLondon theatrical paper. If the DramaticJournals do not control the tendency ofwriters to vulgarise the stage, then the case isgetting rather serious. &amp; &amp;The tragedy of " Electra " was first producedin Berlin by Director Reinhardt, in, we believe,the year 1903. It was one of a series ofremarkable plays from the pen of Dr Hugovon Hofmannsthal, the youngest and mostgifted of the German poets, whose workdeserves a more ideal treatment on the stagethan it ever receives. &amp;Hofmannsthal is no realist in the theatricalsense of the word. Realism in the Theatreof the North means Gloominess, a darkenedstage and commonplace, (not even goodhonest) drawing room and stable gestures." Electra " at the Kleines Theater in Berlinwas a depressing not an inspiring sight. TheKleines Theater is a fine little theatre madefor a certain kind of play,.... for " Nachazyl ",for " The Green Cockatoo ", but it is neitherbuilt nor decorated to hold the noble and tenderthoughts of a Poet. &amp; &amp;A gong precedes the drawing back of a gloomycurtain and reveals, no matter what the piece,a gloomy scene. The gloom recalled to us theearliest efforts of a certain English producerof plays, who managed, however, to give asense of space to his scenes from the very first.But where gloom is allied with newness itweighs heavily upon the spirit. Hofmannsthal'splay needed a finer, a grander treatment.Instead of a despairing gong we needed thepiercing blare of silver trumpets. Instead ofa cramped brown-black scene of imitationstonework set upon a raised platform closeto our seats, we needed an imaginative scene,full of a sense of colour, placed upon a stagewhich should allow proportion its The acting in the play was made to appearamateurish on account of the disproportionbetween stage and play. Frau Eysolt, who isquite one of the most thoughtful actresses inBerlin, appeared to us to a great disadvantageowing to this confusion of proportion. £/Even under those unfortunate conditions thebeauty of the play could not be hidden. MadameDuse enthusiastically welcomed it and wasintending to act the part of " Electra ". Thescenery and costumes were all made, andeverything pointed towards a Europeantriumph for this young German work. We [believe that the production has only beenpostponed. Meantime the great Italian actresscontinues her old repertoire consisting ofthose popular works, "La Dame aux Camillas","MonaVanna", " Gioconda ". These playsevidently what the public cares to payto see,.... and what the great actress seemshappy to appear in. &amp;But listen!—" Electra "is also what the Publicloves to see.... did it not run 300 or 500 nightsin Berlin? Did it not succeed in all the theatreswhere it was seen—does it not seem, too, thatit is to be a like success in New York?The English need not have any fear aboutthe last foolish words of the Americanparagraph, report about " the Salome danceof the Seven Veils "beaten to a frazzle";but nous verrons". They will see nothing.Salome's dance is revoltingly stupid whereverit has been presented (we have not seen MissLoie Fuller's invention of this dance) and thedance in " Electra ,, means a few leaps in theair at best, and the curtain descends.Then, too, the costume for " Electra "is avery serious and tragic dress, Salome's utterlyflippant, aud fitted for opera bouffe. " Electra "should certainly be seen in England. &amp;Writing of " Salome " reminds us of acertain tendency in some of the theatres(especially in Germany) to attract a wearypublic to the playhouse by the exhibition ofa rather exaggerated nudity. In certainGerman cities the actress who has taken thepart of " Salome " has been obliged to appearin this half-witted condition. It does not addto the beauty of the play,... it rather spoilsthe little beauty which is there. The precedentis a bad one, and, allied to plays of a realisticnature, a grotesque disharmony is produced.A fine and ancient tradition secured for us bythe old masters of art now permits theexhibition of nude works of art in sculptureand painting. A healthy tradition almostpermits nudity at the seaside. And 1 believeif the exponents of " Salome " would face thecomparison with nature and would performfor us in the sun upon the hills and the sands,we should all be as happy as sand-boys.Artificiality would not dare to face the daylightand air. But the foot-lights, grease-paint, anartificial time, and a sense of the theatrespread around does not conspire towards therevealing of that which even in Sculpture andPainting is both difficult and dangerous to translate EDITORIAL NOTES "Hphere is no such thing," says Goethe, " aspatriotic art or patriotic science. Both artand science belong, like all else that is greatand good, to the whole world, and can only bepermitted by a free and universal interchangeof ideas among contemporaries, with constantreference to that which we have inheritedand learnt from the past ". Here one isforced to think how it would be if the wewere to listen a little more to Goethe, aswell as name streets and squares after him,for we hear a whisper too much about'English" Art, "French" Art, German art as ifsuch things could ever be actualities. Art,to be above patriotism, as Goethe says it is,must indeed be a very extraordinary thing, afar more wonderful power than we acknowle- dge; for the artists to be able to derive noadvantage from being charged by a sense ofpatriotism hints at the capacity of Art.The independence of the powers of Art beingso enormous, may it not be that when allcontinents, nations and countries with theirpoliticians, diplomatists and systems ofcalculations shall have found it impossible tounderstand the simple laws of harmony andbalance, which it is now time to see swinging,all over the world, and when all these menand countries quarrelling together aboutnothing—for possessions—and when the Eastand the West shall come in contact aboutthis same folly and shall be wearied after apitiless struggle, may it not be that the artistsof the East and of the West, bound togetheralready by the deepest closest ties, shall beable to bring about a just and vital World'sPeace—by creating in all people this sense ofharmony and balance which, being so simple,remains ever so great a mystery? &amp; poetry cannot be beautifully spoken byEnglishspeakers. Even the best of them veneerthe sounds with a slight monotone. TheEnglish speakers when reciting poetry seemto feel that they are upon dangerousground—for the road of the poets leads wherethe English nation does not like to go; thatis to say, it leads towards truth, and completetruth contains some elements which the crowdalways shies at. Hence the sanctimoniousfaces and voices of those who declaim poetryin England—it is as if they were at somemodern church function, a baptism or a burial." Truth is a torch " writes Goethe " but itis a huge one. This is why we all of us tryto steal past it with blinking eyes, and afraidlest we may be burnt ".But there is no excuse for any artist to blink; the theatre with its sing-song reciters shouldpractice facing the torch. &amp; \X/hat an impression a performance on thestage can create in the minds of children!People are like children. A nation can beshown the way to dance when it will refuseto for the asking. In the same way Loyaltyto old and splendid ideals can be inspired bymeans of the Theatre when all the lecturingfrom all the platforms of the world has failed.Labour is, I supppse, part and parcel of anation's bodily health, even as the sense ofRoyalty and Religion is part and parcel of thehealth of the mind of the nation. A nationwhich has a Royal Theatre or a Religious onewill do well, better than if it is left to Labourto provide fantasy for the &amp;The Theatre of England is and has alwaysbeen loyal to the old English ideal, but whenwe have a Labour Party we may shortly epecta Labour Theatre, ....a gruesome kind ofPeople's Palace where all except the peopleare happy Or will the English Theatreprefer to remain dull as ditch-water ratherthan turn SociaIist?....Well, it is preferable....But there is a third possibility. J. S. visit to Amsterdam of the Far Easternactors is particularly remarkable for onething. It has caused an actor of the West toproclain his belief that words are not necessaryto the full understanding of a dramaticperformance (see page 17) When the Japanesevisited London some years ago was there oneactor who found enough courage and modestyto proclaim the same truth? Mr Royaardshas convictions and these will assist hiscountry to a better understanding of the Art.Although we must treat all his statementswith consideration, we do not feel ourselvesquite in sympathy with his advice to the Dutchactors to go and see the Japanese actors. Wewould rather caution all actors of the Westto beware of ever witnessing a performanceby Eastern actors. We see the disaster whichhas come to our wall papers and other craftsby a too warm admiration of Japanese art.To search for and discover the laws whichgovern all art and to attempt to abide bythese laws, this is the duty of the artist; butwe must beware of any sudden influencewhich would lead to imitation, especially sostrange an influence as that able to be broughtto bear by the East upon the West. For itis not necessary to learn from Japan., Thelaws of art are universal; they are the onlyuniversal laws. They have some basis incharacter,...but let not convention and a stiffobservance of manners be put in place ofcharacter.... Mr Martin Harvey's very valuableessay upon "Character and the Actor "is toread by all actors who trouble to considertheir work seriously; but all of them mustbe careful to read into Mr Harvey's wordstheir full import. He does not speak of artificial or surface character. The Mosher Books; MDCCCXCI-MCMVIIIFor a dozen years the most artistic volumesat their price that have been issued inAmerica have been published, not fromNew York or Boston, nor even in Phila-delphia or Chicago, but in Portland, MaineIn that little city Thomas B. Mosher hasbeen printing, without flourish of trum-pets or wide advertising, volume aftervolume which in artistic excellence arenot excelled by the issues of any publishinghouse in the world. Then, too, Mosherhas reprinted only the gems of literaturethat have been declared of the first water;gems that are, beyond objection, jewelsof the world's treasury of brilliant writing.We may also assert that the question ofgain has been secondary in Mosher's cal-culations. He has put out very small edi-tions, and he has made them so beautifulin all that concerns their make-up thatit is doubtful if he has ever gauged theexpenditure by the possible profit. Ne-vertheless, he must have done so, but indoing so he excites our admiration. GUY CARLETON LEE in Baltimore Sunfor Dec. 18,1907My new Catalogue—a remarkable pieceof book-work in itself—explains this unu-sual compliment, and is sent free on re-quest to book-lovers anywhere that canbe reached by mail. &amp;My Catalogues are not made up of old andhackneyed quotations concerning books.You are not wearied by " a jollie goodbook " jingle and that sort of thing, butyou are treated to some very genuineprose &amp; verse not found in every cut-and-decidedly-dried anthology. THOMAS B. MOSHERPORTLAND. MAINEU. S. A. Die SchaubiihneA weekly Theatrical Journal• 'Edited by Siegfried Jacobsohn.Verlag Oestreheld &amp; Co. Lietzenburgerstrasse 60. Berlin W. 15. j&amp;Single copy . . . . M. pi. 30Quarterly „ 3*  » 50Yearly „ 12. M 00 _The Butterfly!Quart e r1y[Is a new publication, carefully printedfrom excellent type, on fine toned pa-per, 8xio in: in size, the edition beinglimited to 500 numbered copies. It con-tains verses, tales, translations,reprints,drawings, wood-cuts, book-plates, and ;other matters of bookish interest. &amp;YEARLY SUBSCRIPTION DOLLARS J.35post free. OFFI C E SThe Butterfly Quarterly1126 Walnut StreetPhiladelphiaU. S. A. PRON Tl f A VAN TilJ&amp; THE BEST RESTAURANT IN FLORENCE ISL A P I' S VIA DEL TREBBIO - "Situated in the cellars of Palazzo AntinoriPICTURESQUE HOSPITABLE &amp; EXCELLENT COOKING Garages RiunitiX» FIAT - ALBERTI - STORERO. ** * * FLORENCE * * *Via Luigi Alamanni, i &gt;?GENERAL AGENCY FOR AUTOMOBILESF. I. A. T.Chassis and cars complete **•* Motor cars for sale and on hire&gt;? Telephone 916 English &amp; AmericanPharmacy &amp; &amp; &amp;Late H. GROVES F. MUNSTERMANN&amp; FLORENCE - Piazzetta Goldoni &amp;J&amp; MALTO-PEPTINE TABLETS containingthe physiologically purified gastric andpancreatic juice with the addition of Pa«pain and Diastasis, for complete digestionof alLKinds of foodANININE, CANTHARIDIS &amp; TABORANDIHAIRWASH; Refreshing, Stimulating andAntiseptic Hair Tonics &lt;£? PhilosophicalLending Library5000 volumes on Philosophy, Reli-giony Mysticismy Occultism, ecc. gfEnglish philosophical Books &amp; Re-views. Reading and lecture room.Lectures every Sundayj free for sub-scribers gf Subscription terms verymoderate. Prospectus and catalogueon application PIAZZA DONATELLO 5 - Tel. 15=30 IpItA»I ZWESPECIAL NOTICE"THE MASK" MAY NUMBER" REALISM AND THE ACTOR » AN INTERNATIONAL SYMPOSIUM£&gt; THE REPLIES OP SIQNOR SALVINI, M. ANTOINE, MISS LOIE FULLER,MR. H. BEERBOHM TREE, MR. SIDNEY GRUNDY, FRAULEIN GERTRUDEYSOLT, rrn.KR HERMANN BAHR, MR. ARTHUR SYMONS, MR. CARLHENTSCHEL, AND OTHERS WILL BE PUBLISHED IN THE MAY NUMBER OP" THE MASK.A SECOND SHEAP OF REPLIES WILL BE PUBLISHED IN THE JUNE NUMBER." '■ ==" &amp; SPECIAL NOTICE. &amp;JZ? « REALISM AND THE ACTOR. "AN INTERNATIONAL SYMPOSIUM.On this them© three questions have been framed, and replies solicited from a largenumber of BRITISH, DUTCH, FRENCH, GERMAN, ITALIAN and other continental expertsand authorities, whose lives have been passed in the study of the Drama or in the practiseof the Stage. These replies will be published in " THE MASK " for May and June and will,we feel assured, prove full of interest to the general reader and of value to the student. ORDER FORMTo the Editor, (or) To Mr. BooksellerAddress ;; Please put down my name as a subscriber to "The Mask" for one year, or six monthscommencing with the number, in payment of which subscription, including postage,I enclose the sum of Signed Address ALMANACK FORARCHITECTUREARTS*CRAFTS/TECHNICALSWST?mHG|o|G]G")Cni51G1Gr]GlC3lGlG]S,|S7g]E]Gll!5] SjA NEW CATALOGUECONTAINING MORE THAN A HUNDRED]PAGES OF TEXT, AND ALSO ILLUSTRA-TIONS IN BLACK AND WHITE AND INCOLOUR. * * * * *Copies will be sent free onapplication to all Art - loversSCHUSTER &amp; B U F L E B. G. M. B. H.BERLIN W3«S NOLLENDORFSTR. I. 32# BOOKS ANCIENT AND MODERN * New York DRAMATICMIRROR &amp;The oldest and most reliableAmerican theatrical paper,published every week at 12142nd Street, New York,U. S, A. Sample co-pies on request free of charge.Foreign subscriptions 50 Dol-lars one year; 1.70 Dollarsthree months.New York DRAMATICMIRROR II piu antico e piit attendibileQiornale teatrale Americano.Si pubblica ogni settimana a123 west 42nd Street, NewYork. N. Y. U. S. A. Co-pia di saggio a richiesta francoAbbonamento per l'estero,un'anno 5.50 Dollari: tre mesi1.70 Dollari. A PORTFOLIO OF ETCHINGS.By Gordon Craig with a preface.thirty portfolios will be issued, although ten or twenty additional copies of some ofthe plates will be printed according to the condition of the plate. The plates will thenbe destroyed. Each portfolio will be numbered. Each set consists of twelve designs looselymounted on grey card and contained in a grey cloth box portfolio with fastenings. Eachplate is signed by the artist.Size of portfolio 48x30 ctms.Average size of plate. 14 2/3 x15 2/3 ctms. The price for a portfolio will be L. 16. o. o, (400Francs or 320 Marks). &amp;These etchings were made by the artist in the Spring of 1907 at Florence, and representhis most serious work. Connected as they are with his dream of an Ideal Theatre, theyin no way have anything in common with the modern stage. " Movement", writes Mr Craig, " was at the roots of the Ancient Theatre and will ever" remain the very Essence of the Art. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;" We must translate Movement through the medium of inanimate forms and thereby produce" once more an Impersonal Art which shall take its place by the side of its two sister Arts=»" Music and ArchitectureORDER FORMTo The Publishers,The Editorial Office of " The Mask " t Lung'Arno Acciaiuoli, Florence. Italy. ■&amp; &amp;Please send me the Portfolio of Etchings by Edward Gordon Craig, in payment for whichI enclose the sum of L. 16.0.0, (or 400 Francs or 320 Marks)Signed Address.. LIBRA I RIE A NCI EN NET. DE MARIN IS &amp; Co. 5 Via Vecchietti - FIRENZEQ■VWt3,//!®• ••kf»•••(lit!• e/LfJMllie 1LU35»e 1■ fOhoa• •»68boa*»MLUiMl• •lit*l»«i• •fillMMXIIIIMIIHMS•••••1 it 1a aOcgh^xnzpiOOQCHiM»I «.M• 1Fine Collection of MSSIncunabula, raze and curious books XV-XIX centIllustrated Catalogues free on application. • H. Roberts &amp; Co. &amp;sP &amp; the well known # . 4?* ENGLISH CHEMISTS &amp;AMERICAN DRUGGISTS^* OF 17 VIA TORNABUONt. * *AND 417 &amp; 418, CORSO UMBERTO* * # ROM Ehave pleasure la announcing that they have openeda first-class and wetlstocked Pharmacy at &amp; 4P* 21 &amp; 23, VIA VITTORIA yf ** * NAPLES ARCANGELIGATTI &amp; Co.£&gt; &amp; FLORENCE ' , i . .1Via del Campidogfio * Telephone i$«49FORWARDERS FOR ALLPARTS OF THE WORLD," 111 1 , " ■l.l.U.'i1,"..,' 1' "J-'ii ..AND CUSTOM HOUSE A-GENTS £? j&amp; J&amp; EX LI BR IS.Are you a Book Lover ? Ifso, want allyrhichcan add to the beautyand completeness of yourbooks, and you cannotdo without. ■ J&amp;A BOOK PLATEIn design your Book Plate must be graveyet charming, for its duty is to act aswatchman at the doors of all books, whetherreligious or profane. If you would possesssuch a Book Plate, simple, charming anddistinguished, write to the Wood Engra-vers ofSan Leonardo, directing your letterto 5 Piazza Donatello, Studio 9, Florence,Italy, and you will receive all the infor-mation you desire* &amp; EDITION DE LUXE.SPECIAL NOTICE TO BOOK LOVERSIS copies of 44 The Mask " will be printedMonthly upon a yellow hand-made deckle-edged paper identical In appearance andtexture with that made in the same districtof Fabriano in the year 13*5. This editionwit! contain Etchings and other printssigned by the artist, which will not beincluded in the popular edition. Yearly subscription: England, L. 3.5.0 Post Free»» tt tr Germany, Marks 67,00 „ „t» tt tt America Dollars 16.00 ,, ,,t# »t tt Italy Lire 82.00 „ „tt tt tt Russia Roubles 30.00 „ „ The largest Establishment of Sculpture inMarble Reproductions from the Antique&amp; Original Works. Portraits. Monuments,Mantels, Pedestals, Garden Seats, &amp;Vases Fountains &amp; Flower-stands, etc:ESTIMATES GIVEN ON APPLICATIONST LOUIS MO.GRAHD PRIX1904 J&amp;J&amp; J&amp;J&amp;THE " MAN I FAT-TURA PI SIGNA „Artistic Terra Cot=ta for both interiorand exterior deco=ration &amp;Via Vecchietti, 2 j&amp; £? FIRENZE (Italy) DIN I &amp; C ELLA IArtistic &amp; Decorative Terra Cotta ofSignaVia dei JFoasi If. i - FLORENCE—  of seulptuves of Old a&amp;di ■■»»————WW ' ■""&lt; —IM»|Kod«i*n masters « Statues « Busts «•11 ■ ■■"' &lt; 1 "i-aif—WPW—Vases m Bas-reliefs a Fountains m BoorsChimn«y-ple®«s « Bases ete. ate. In9Ve*y style &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; ON JUNE iTHE &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;Publishing, Bookselling andNews Agency Business £?of R. PAGGI (A. Rossini&amp; Co. Ltd.) will be trans-ferred from Via Tornabuoni15 to premises at 26 ViaPanzani in the same buil-ding as the Grand HotelBaglioni. £? &amp;