The Yellow Book: An Illustrated Quarterly, Volume 7 October 1895 John Lane London Copeland &amp; Day Boston October 1895 The Yellow Book  7 (Oct. 1895) Contents Literature I.  A Seventh-story Heaven   . By  Richard Le Gallienne   .  Page  11  II. The House Desolate   .  Rosamund Marriott Watson  23  III.  The Queen's Pleasure   .  Henry Harland  . . 29 IV.  A Few Notes upon Mr. James ..  Lena Milman  . . . 71  V.  The Truce of the Bishop ..  Harold Frederic  . . 84  VI.  The Pompeian Coelia  .  Leila Macdonald  . . 117  VII.  Books: a Letter to the Editor ..  "The Yellow Dwarf"  . 125  VIII.  Passion . . . .  Richard Garnett, LL.D., C.B.   149 IX.  A Correspondence   . .  Netta Syrett   . . . 150  X.  Under Grey Skies   . .  S. Cornish Watkins   . . 179 XI.  Two Hours : Two Women Susan Christian   . . 181  XII.  A Sonnet   . . .  A. C. Benson . . . 191  XIII.  The Iniquity of Oblivion . . .  Kenneth Grahame  . . . 192  XIV.  The Poet' s Picture   .  Olive Custance  . . 203  XV.  Stories Toto Told Me   .  Baron Corvo  . . . 209  . XVI.  Two Songs   . . .  Frances Nicholson  . . 229  XVII.  Bread and the Circus   .   Hubert Crackanthorpe  . 235 XVIII.  Last Fires   . . .   Lily Thicknesse  . . 261  XIX.  Life and Death . .   Ellis J. Wynne  . . 265  XX.  Martha   . . . .   Mrs. Murray Hickson  . 267  XXI.  Voyages dans les Yeux Dauphin Meunier  . . 283  XXII.  The Web of Maya  .   Ella D'Arcy  . . . 291  XXIII.  A Fragment . . .   Theo Marzials  . . . 319 Art The Yellow Book--Vol. VII.--October, 1895 Art I.  The Bride  . . .By  Frank Bramley, A.R.A.   .  Page  7  II.  Merlin and Vivien   . .  Henry R. Rheam   . . 25  III.  Marie   . . . Elizabeth Stanhope Forbes   112  IV.  Jonquil   . .  Elizabeth Stanhope Forbes  112  V.  On the Seine . .  Caroline Gotch   . . 120  VI.  Motherhood  . .  Caroline Gotch . . 120  VII.  Their Daily Bread  . Stanhope A. Forbes, A.R.A.   . .144  VIII.  By the Fireside  .  Stanhope A. Forbes, A.R.A.   . .144  IX.  Blue Hills Mine  .  T. C. Gotch   . . . 174  X.  Charcoal Study  .  T. C. Gotch . . . 174  XI.  Seascape  . . . .  Percy R. Craft   . . 187  XII.  Solitude  . . . .  John Crooke . . . 200  XIII.  Charcoal Study  . . John da Costa   . . 205  XIV.  Fair Play  . . . .  Fred Hall . . . 225 XV.  A Pastoral  . .  Frank Richards   . . . 231 XVI.  On the Loing  . . .  A. Tanner . . . 258  XVII.  An Old Campaigner  . Walter Langley   . . 262 XVIII.  On the Yealm  . . .  A. Chevallier Tayler   . 280 XIX.  Trengwainton  . .  Norman Garstin   . . 286  XX.  A Portrait  . .  Norman Garstin   . . 286 The Title-page and Front Cover (Newlyn  Boat and Lighthouse and Evening Prim-   rose) are by J. D. MACKENZIE. The Pictures in this Volume are by Members of the NEWLYN SCHOOL. The half-tone Blocks art by the Swan Electric Engraving Company. The Yellow Book Volume VII October, 1895 The Editor of THE YELLOW BOOK can in no case   hold himself responsible for unsolicited manuscripts ;   when, however, they are accompanied by stamped   addressed envelopes, every effort will be made to  secure their prompt return.  Manuscripts arriving un-  accompanied by stamped addressed envelopes will be neither read nor returned. The Bride By Frank Bramley A Seventh-story Heaven By   Richard Le Gallienne " Dans un grenier qu'on est bien à vingt ans ! " AT one end of the city that I love there is a tall dingy pile of offices that has evidently seen more prosperous fortunes. It is  not the aristocratic end. It is remote from the lordly street of the  fine shops of the fair women, where in the summer afternoons  the gay bank clerks parade arm-in-arm in the wake of the tempes-  tuous petticoat. It lies aside from the great exchange which looks  like a scene from Romeo and Juliet in the moonlight, from the  town-hall from whose clocked and gilded cupola ring sweet chimes  at midnight, and whence, throned above the city, a golden Britannia, in the sight of all men, is seen visibly ruling the waves ; while in the square below the death of Nelson is played all day in  stone, with a frieze of his noble words about the pedestal--  England expects ! What an influence that stirring challenge has  yet upon the hearts of men may be seen by any one who will  study the faces of the busy, imaginative cotton-brokers, who, in  the thronged and humming mornings, sell what they have never  seen to a customer they will never see. In fact, the end I mean is just the very opposite end to that.  It is the end where the cotton that everybody sells and nobody  buys  is  seen, piled in great white stacks, or swinging in the air from the necks of mighty cranes, that could nip up an elephant with 12  A Seventh-story Heaven with as little ado, and set him down on the wharf, with a box on  his ugly ears for his cowardly trumpeting. It is the end that  smells of tar, the domain of the harbour-masters, where the sailor  finds a " home,"--not too sweet, and where the wild sea is tamed  in a maze of granite squares and basins ; the end where the riggings  and buildings rise side by side, and a clerk might swing himself  out upon the yards from his top-floor desk. Here is the Custom  House, and the conversation that shines is full of freightage and  dock dues ; here are the shops that sell nothing but oilskins, sex-  tants and parrots, and here the taverns do a mighty trade in rum. It was in this quarter for a brief sweet time that Love and  Beauty made their strange home, as though a pair of halcyons should  choose to nest in the masthead of a cattleship. Love and Beauty  chose this quarter, as alas, Love and Beauty must choose so many  things--for its cheapness. Love and Beauty were poor, and office  rents in this quarter were exceptionally low. But what should  Love and Beauty do with an office ? Love was a poor poet in  need of a room for his bed and his rhymes, and Beauty was a little blue-eyed girl who loved him. It was a shabby forbidding place, gloomy and comfortless as  a warehouse on the banks of Styx. No one but Love and  Beauty would have dared to choose it for their home. But Love  and Beauty have a great confidence in themselves--a confidence  curiously supported by history--and they never had a moment's  doubt that this place was as good as another for an earthly Para-  dise. So Love signed an agreement for one great room at the  very top, the very masthead of the building, and Beauty made it pretty with muslin curtains, flowers, and dainty makeshifts of  furniture, but chiefly with the light of her own heavenly face.  A stroke of luck coming one day to the poet, the lovers, with that  extravagance which the poor alone have the courage to enjoy, procured By Richard Le Gallienne  13 procured a piano on the kind-hearted hire-purchase system, a  system specially conceived for lovers. Then, indeed, for many a  wonderful night that room was not only on the seventh floor, but  in the seventh heaven ; and as Beauty would sit at the piano, with  her long hair flying loose, and her soul like a whirl of starlight  about her brows, a stranger peering in across the soft lamplight,  seeing her face, hearing her voice, would deem that the long  climb, flight after flight of dreary stair, had been appropriately  rewarded by a glimpse of Heaven. Certainly it must have seemed a strange contrast from the life  about and below it. The foot of that infernal stair plunged in the  warm rum-and-thick-twist atmosphere of a sailors tavern--and  " The Jolly Shipmates " was a house of entertainment by no means  to be despised. Often have I sat there with the poet, drinking  the whisky from which Scotland takes its name, among wondering  sea-boots and sou'-westers, who could make nothing of that wild  hair and that still wilder talk. From the kingdom of rum and tar, you mounted into a zone  of commission agents and ship-brokers, a chill unoccupied region,  in which every small office-door bore the names of half-a-dozen  different firms, and yet somehow could not contrive to look  busy. Finally came an airy echoing landing, a region of empty  rooms, which the landlords in vain recommended as studios to a  city that loved not art. Here dwelt the keeper and his kind- hearted little wife, and no one besides save Love and Beauty.  There was thus a feeling of rarefaction in the atmosphere, as  though at this height it was only the Alpine flora of humanity  that could find root and breathing. But once along the bare  passage and through a certain door, and what a sudden trans- lation it was into a gracious world of books and flowers and the  peace they always bring. Once 14  A Seventh-story Heaven Once upon a time, in that enchanted past where dwell all  the dreams we love best, precisely--with loving punctuality--at five  in the afternoon, a pretty girlish figure, like Persephone escaping  from the shades, stole through the rough sailors at the foot of  that sordid Jacob's ladder and made her way to the little Heaven  at the top. I shall not describe her, for the good reason that I cannot.  Leonardo, ever curious of the beauty that was most strangely  exquisite, once in an inspired hour painted such a face, a face  wrought of the porcelain of earth with the art of Heaven. But,  whoever should paint it, God certainly made it--must have been  the comment of any one who caught a glimpse of that little figure  vanishing heavenwards up that stair, like an Ascension of Fra  Angelico's--that is any one interested in art and angels. She had not long to wait outside the door she sought, for the  poet, who had listened all day for the sound, had ears for the  whisper of her skirts as she came down the corridor, and before  she had time to knock had already folded her in his arms. The  two babes in that thieves' wood of commission agents and ship-  brokers stood silent together for a moment, in the deep security of  a kiss such as the richest millionaire could never buy--and then  they fell to comparing notes of their day's work. The poet had  had one of his rare good days. He had made no money, his post had been even more disappointing than usual,--but he had written  a poem, the best he had ever written, he said, as he always said of  his last new thing. He had been burning to read it to somebody  all afternoon--had with difficulty refrained from reading it to the loquacious little keeper's wife as she brought him some coals--so  it was not to be expected that he should wait a minute before  reading it to her whom indeed it strove to celebrate. With arms  round each other's necks, they bent over the table littered with the By Richard Le Gallienne  15 the new-born poem, all blots and dashes like the  draft of  a composer's score, and the poet, deftly picking his way among  the erasures and interlineations, read aloud the beautiful words--  with a full sense of their beauty !--to ears that deemed them more  beautiful even than they were. The owners of this now valuable  copyright allow me to irradiate my prose with three of the verses. " Ah ! what," half-chanted, half-crooned the poet-- "Ah ! what a garden is your hair !-- Such treasure as the kings of old, In coffers of the beaten gold, Laid up on earth--and left it there." So tender a reference to hair whose beauty others beside the  poet had loved must needs make a tender interruption--the only  kind of interruption the poet could have forgiven and--" Who,"  he continued-- " Who was the artist of your mouth ? What master out of old Japan Wrought it so dangerous to man . . . ." And here it was but natural that laughter and kisses  should once more interrupt-- " Those strange blue jewels of your eyes, Painting the lily of your face, What goldsmith set them in their place-- Forget-me-nots of Paradise. " And that blest river of your voice, Whose merry silver stirs the rest Of waterlilies in your breast . . . ." At last, in spite of more interruptions, the poem came to an end 16  A Seventh-story Heaven end--whereupon, of course, the poet immediately read it through  once more from the beginning, its personal and emotional  elements, he felt, having been done more justice on a  reading  than its artistic excellencies. " Why, darling, it is splendid," was his little sweetheart's  comment ; "you know how happy it makes me to think it was  written for me, don't you ? " And she took his hands and looked  up at him with eyes like the morning sky. Romance in poetry is almost exclusively associated with very  refined ethereal matters, stars and flowers and such like--happily,  in actual life it is often associated with much humbler objects.  Lovers, like children, can make their paradises out of the quaintest  materials. Indeed, our paradises, if we only knew, are always  cheap enough ; it is our hells that are so expensive. Now these  lovers--like, if I mistake not, many other true lovers before and  since--when they were particularly happy, when some special  piece of good luck had befallen them, could think of no better  paradise than a little dinner together in their seventh-story heaven.  " Ah ! wilderness were Paradise enow ! " To-night was obviously such an occasion. But, alas ! where  was the money to come from ? They didn't need much--for it  is wonderful how happy you can be on five shillings if you only  know how. At the same time it is difficult to be happy on nine-  pence--which was the entire fortune of the lovers at the moment.  Beauty laughingly suggested that her celebrated hair might prove  worth the price of their dinner. The poet thought a pawn-  broker might surely be found to advance ten shillings on his poem--the original MS. too--else had they nothing to pawn, save a few gold and silver dreams which they couldn't spare. What  was to be done ? Sell some books, of course ! It made them  shudder to think how many poets they had eaten in this fashion. It By Richard Le Gallienne  17 It was sheer cannibalism--but what was to be done ! Their  slender stock of books had been reduced entirely to poetry. If  there had only been a philosopher or a modern novelist, the  sacrifice wouldn't have seemed so unnatural. And then Beauty's  eyes fell upon a very fat informing-looking volume on the poet's  desk. "Wouldn't this do ? " she said. "Why, of course!" he exclaimed ; "the very thing. A new  history of socialism just sent me for review. Hang the review ;  we want our dinner, don't we, little one ? And then I've read  the preface, and looked through the index--quite enough to make  a column of--with a plentiful supply of general principles thrown  in ! Why, of course, there's our dinner, for certain, dull and in- digestible as it looks. It's worth fifty minor poets at old Moser's.  Come along. . . ." So off went the happy pair--ah ! how much happier was Beauty  than ever so many fine ladies one knows who have only, so to say,  to rub their wedding-rings for a banquet to rise out of the ground,  with the most distinguished guests around the table, champagne  of the best, and conversation of the worst. Old Moser found histories of socialism profitable, more pro-  fitable perhaps than socialism, and he actually gave five-and-six-  pence for the volume. With the ninepence already in their  pockets, you will see that they were now possessors of quite a  small fortune. Six-and-threepence ! it wouldn't pay for one's  lunch nowadays. Ah! but that is because the poor alone know  the art of dining. You needn't wish to be much happier and merrier than those  two lovers, as they gaily hastened to that bright and cosy corner  of the town where those lovely ham-and-beef shops make glad the  faces of the passers-by. O those hams with their honest shining faces, 18  A Seventh-story Heaven faces, polished like mahogany--and the man inside so happy all  day slicing them with those wonderful long knives (which, of  course, the superior class of reader has never seen) worn away to  a veritable thread, a mere wire, but keen as Excalibur. Beauty  used to calculate in her quaint way how much steel was worn  away with each pound of ham, and how much therefore went to  the sandwich. And what an artist was the carver ! What a true  eye, what a firm flexible wrist--never a shaving of fat too much--  he was too great an artist for that. Then there were those dear  little cream cheeses and those little brown jugs of yellow cream, come all the way from Devonshire--you could hear the cows  lowing across the rich pasture, and hear the milkmaids sing-  ing and the milk whizzing into the pail, as you looked at  them. And then those perfectly lovely sausages--I beg the reader's  pardon ! I forgot that the very mention of the word smacks of  vulgarity. Yet, all the same, I venture to think that a secret  taste for sausages among the upper classes is more widespread  than we have any idea of. I confess that Beauty and her poet  were at  ashamed of admitting their vulgar frailty to each  other. They needed to know each other very well . Yet there is nothing, when once confessed, that brings two people so  close as--a taste for sausages ! " You darling ! " exclaimed Beauty with something like tears  in her voice, when her poet  admitted this touch of nature--  and then next moment they were in fits of laughter that a common  taste for a very " low " food should bring tears to their eyes !  But such are the vagaries of love--as you will know, if you know  anything about it--" vulgar," no doubt, though only the vulgar  would so describe them--for it is only vulgarity that is always  "refined"! Then By Richard Le Gallienne  19 Then there was the florist's to visit. What beautiful trades  some people ply ! To sell flowers is surely like dealing in fairies.  Beautiful must grow the hands that wire them, and sweet the  flower-girl's every thought. There remained but the wine-merchant's, or, had we not better  say at once, the grocer's, for our lovers could afford no rarer  vintages than Tintara or the golden burgundy of Australia ; and  it is wonderful to think what a sense of festivity those portly  colonial flagons lent to their little dining-table. Sometimes, I  may confide, when they wanted to feel very dissipated, and were very  rich, they would allow themselves a small bottle of Bene-  dictine--and you should have seen Beauty's eyes as she luxuriously  sipped at her green little liqueur glass, for, like most innocent  people, she enjoyed to the full the delight of feeling occasionally  wicked. However, these were rare occasions, and this night was  not one of them. Half a pound of black grapes completed their shopping, and  then, with their arms full of their purchases, they made their way  home again, the two happiest people in what is, after all, a not  unhappy world. Then came the cooking and the laying of the table. For all  her Leonardo face, Beauty was a great cook--like all good  women, she was as earthly in some respects as she was heavenly in  others, which I hold to be a wise combination--and, indeed, both  were excellent cooks ; and the poet was unrivalled at " washing  up," which, I may say, is the only skeleton at these Bohemian  feasts. You should have seen the gusto with which Beauty pricked  those sausages--I had better explain to the un-Bohemian reader  that to attempt to cook a sausage without  pricking it  vigorously with a fork, to allow for the expansion of its juicy The Yellow Book--Vol. VII.  B gases, 20  A Seventh-story Heaven gases, is like trying to smoke a cigar without  cutting off the end--and O, to hear again their merry song as they writhed in  torment in the hissing pan, like Christian martyrs raising hymns  of praise from the very core of Smithfield fires. Meanwhile, the poet would be surpassing himself in the setting-  out of the little table, cutting up the bread reverently as though  it were for an altar--as indeed it was--studying the effect of the  dish of tomatoes now at this corner, now at that, arranging the  flowers with even more care than he arranged the adjectives in his  sonnets, and making ever so sumptuous an effect with that half-a-  pound of grapes. And then at last the little feast would begin, with a long grace  of eyes meeting and hands clasping ; true eyes that said "how  good it is to behold you, to be awake together in this dream of  life " ; true hands that said " I will hold you fast for ever--not  death even shall pluck you from my hand, shall loose this bond  of you and me " ; true eyes, true hands, that had immortal mean-  ings far beyond the speech of mortal words. And it had all come out of that dull history of socialism, and  had cost little more than a crown ! What lovely things can be  made out of money ! Strange to think that a little silver coin of  no possible use or beauty in itself can be exchanged for so much  tangible beautiful pleasure. A piece of money is like a piece of  opium, for in it lie locked up the most wonderful dreams--if you  have only the brains and hearts to dream them. When at last the little feast grew near its end, Love and Beauty  would smoke their cigarettes together ; and it was a favourite  trick of theirs to lower the lamp a moment, so that they might  see the stars rush down upon them through the skylight which  hung above their table. It gave them a sense of great sentinels,  far away out in the lonely universe, standing guard over them, that By Richard Le Gallienne  21 that seemed to say their love was safe in the tender keeping of great forces. They were poor, but then they had the stars and the  flowers and the great poets for their servants and friends--  and, best of all, they had each other. Do you call that being  poor ? And then, in the corner, stood that magical box with the ivory  keys, whose strings waited ready night and day--strange media  through which the myriad voices, the inner-sweet thoughts, of the  great world-soul found speech, messengers of the stars to the  heart, and of the heart to the stars. Beauty's songs were very simple. She got little practice, for  her poet only cared to have her sing over and over again the same  sweet songs ; and perhaps if you had heard her sing " Ask  nothing more of me, sweet," or " Darby and Joan," you would  have understood his indifference to variety. At last the little feast is quite, quite finished. Beauty has gone  home ; her lover still carries her face in his heart as she waved  and waved and waved to him from the rattling lighted tramcar ;  long he sits and sits thinking of her, gazing up at those lonely  ancient stars ; the air is still bright with her presence, sweet  with her thoughts, warm with her kisses, and as he turns to  the shut piano, he can still see her white hands on the keys and  her girlish face raised in an ecstasy--Beata Beatrix--above the  music. "O love, my love ! if I no more should see Thyself, nor on the earth the shadow of thee, Nor image of thine eyes in any spring-- How then should sound upon Life's darkening slope The ground-whirl of the perished leaves of Hope, The wind of Death's imperishable wing ? " And 22  A Seventh-story Heaven And then . . . . he would throw himself upon his bed, and  burst into tears. *  * * * * * "And they are gone : ay, ages long ago These lovers fled away into the storm." That seventh-story heaven once more leads a dull life as the  office of a ship-chandler, and harsh voices grate the air where  Beauty sang. The books and the flowers and the lovers' faces  are gone for ever. I suppose the stars are the same, and perhaps  they sometimes look down through that roof-window, and wonder  what has become of those two lovers who used to look up at them  so fearlessly long ago. But friends of mine who believe in God say that He has given  His angels charge concerning that dingy old seventh-floor heaven,  and that, for those who have eyes to see, there is no place where  a great dream has been dreamed that is not thus watched over by  the guardian angels of memory. For M. Le G., a Birthday Present ; 25 September,  1895. The House Desolate By   Rosamund Marriott Watson So still the old house lies, so dull, so grey, The dews of dawn forget to hallow it ; Here come no sweet birds singing, night or day, From these bare eaves no building swallows flit. Sunk in dim dreams it lies as in a swoon-- Dreams of a distant city hid from sight, The enchanted city of the sun and moon, The golden market of the world's delight. Pale as the dead are they that dwell herein, Worn with vain strife and wrung with vain regret ; Theirs but to watch the world go by to win That glimmering goal their hearts remember yet. They lean among the lilacs by the door, To watch the winding road with wistful eyes, The long, white, dusty way that nevermore Shall bear them hope or wonder or surprise. Sometimes 24  The House Desolate Sometimes they call, but answer comes there none ; Sometimes they beckon--none will turn aside. The long procession glitters in the sun ; With echoing tramp the motley pilgrims ride. Some in the twilight chambers, wide and low, Around a cold hearth gather, murmuring Vague, half-remembered tales of long ago, Songs, half forgot, of Travel and the Spring. Wan faces peer from the uncurtained pane, Across the weedy garden, fain to see, The wayfarers that pass in sun or rain, The blue, far-shining stream that threads the lea. *  * * * * Here falls no word from any passer-by, None lifts the latch of this forgotten gate ; Only faint winds about the lintel sigh " Your house is left unto you desolate." Merlin and Vivien By Henry R. Rheam The Queen's Pleasure By   Henry Harland I AM writing to you from a lost corner of the far south-east of  Europe. The author of my guide-book, in his preface,  observes that a traveller in this part of the world, " unless he has  some acquaintance with the local idioms, is liable to find himself  a good deal bewildered about the names of places." On Thursday  of last week I booked from Charing Cross, by way of Dover,  Paris, and the Oriental Express, for Vescova, the capital of Monterosso; and yesterday afternoon--having changed on Sunday,  at Belgrade, from land to water, and steamed for close upon forty-  eight hours down the Danube--I was put ashore at the town  of BCKOB, in the Principality of Tchermnogoria. I certainly might well have found myself a good deal be- wildered ; and if I did not for--Im afraid I can't boast of much  acquaintance with the local idioms--it was no doubt because this  isn't my  visit to the country. I was here some years ago, and  then I learned that BCKOB is pronounced as nearly as may be  Vscov, and that Tchermnogoria is Monterosso literally trans lated-- tchermnoe  (the dictionaries certify) meaning red, and  gora ,  or goria , a hill, a mountain. It is our fashion in England to speak of Monterosso, if we speak 30  The Queen's Pleasure speak of it at all, as I have just done : we say the Principality  of Monterosso. But if we were to enquire at the Foreign Office,  I think they would tell us that our fashion of speaking is not  strictly correct. In its own Constitution Monterosso describes  itself as a  Basilestvo , and its Sovereign as the  Basile  ; and in all  treaties and diplomatic correspondence, Basile  and  Basilestvo are  recognised by those most authoritative lexicographers, the Powers, as equivalent respectively to King and Kingdom. Anyhow,  call it what you will, Monterosso is geographically the smallest,  though politically the eldest, of the lower Danubian States. (It  is sometimes, by the bye, mentioned in the newspapers of Western  Europe as one of the Balkan States, which can scarcely be  accurate, since, as a glance at the map will show, the nearest  spurs of the Balkan Mountains are a good hundred miles distant  from its southern frontier.) Its area is under ten thousand square  miles, but its reigning family, the Pavelovitches, have contrived  to hold their throne, from generation to generation, through thick  and thin, ever since Peter the Great set them on it, at the conclusion of his war with the Turks, in 1713. Vescova is rarely visited by English folk, lying, as it does,  something like a two days journey off the beaten track, which  leads through Belgrade and Sofia, to Constantinople. But, should  you ever chance to come here, you would be surprised to see what  a fine town it is, with its population of upwards of a hundred  thousand souls, its broad, well-paved streets, its substantial yellow-  stone houses, its three theatres, its innumerable churches, its shops  and cafes, its gardens, quays, monuments, its government offices,  and its Royal Palace. I am speaking, of course, of the new  town, the modern town, which has virtually sprung into existence since 1850, and which, the author of my guide-book says, "dis-  putes with Bukharest the title of the Paris of the South-East." The By Henry Harland  31 The old town--the Turkish town, as they call it--is another matter : a nightmare-region of filthy alleys, open sewers, crumb-  ling clay hovels, mud, stench, dogs, and dirty humanity, into  which a well-advised foreigner will penetrate as seldom as con- venient. Yet it is in the centre of the old town that the  Cathedral stands, the Cathedral of Sankt Iakov, an interesting  specimen of Fifteenth Century Saracenic, having been erected  by the Sultan Mohammed II, as a mosque. Of the Royal Palace I obtain a capital view from the window of my room in the Hôtel de Russie. " A vast irregular pile," in the language of my guide-book, " it  is built on the summit of an eminence which dominates the town  from the West." The "eminence" rises gradually from this  side to a height of perhaps a hundred feet, but breaks off abruptly  on the other in a sheer cliff overhanging the Danube. The  older portions of the Palace spring from the very brink of the  precipice, so that, leaning from their ramparts, you could drop  a pebble straight into the current, an appalling depth below.  And, still to speak by the book, these older portions " vie with  the Cathedral in architectural interest." What I see from my  bedroom is a formidable, murderous-looking Saracenic castle :  huge perpendicular quadrangles of blank, windowless, iron-grey  stone wall ( curtains , are they technically called?), connecting  massive square towers ; and the towers are surmounted by battle- ments and pierced by meurtrieres. It stands out very bold and  black, gloomy and impressive, when the sun sets behind it, in  the late afternoon. I could suppose the place quite impregnable,  if not inaccessible ; and it s a mystery to me how Peter the Great  ever succeeded in taking it, as History will have it that he did, by  assault. The 32  The Queen's Pleasure The modern portions of the Palace are entirely commonplace  and cheerful. The east wing, visible from where I am seated  writing, might have been designed by Baron Haussmann : a  long stretch of yellow facade--dazzling to the sight just now,  in the morning sunshine--with a French roof, of slate, and a box  of gay-tinted flowers in each of its countless windows. Behind the Palace there is a large and very lovely garden,  reserved to the uses of the Royal Household ; and beyond that,  the Dunayskiy Prospekt, a park that covers about sixty acres, and  is open to the public. The  floor, the  piano nobile , of that east wing is occupied by  the private apartments of the King and Oueen. I look across the quarter-mile of red-tiled housetops that  separate me from their Majesties habitation, and I fancy the  life that is going on within. It is too early in the day for  either of them to be abroad, so they are certainly there, some- where behind those gleaming windows : Theodore  Basile , and  Aneli  Basilitsa . She, I would lay a wager, is in her music-room, at her piano,  practising a song with Florimond. She is dressed in white  (I always think of her as dressed in white--doubtless because  she wore a white frock the time I saw her), and her brown  hair is curling loose about her forehead, her maids not having yet  imprisoned it. I declare, I can almost hear her voice :  tra-la-lira- la-la :  mastering a trill ; while Florimond, pink, and  plump, and smiling, walks up and down the room, nodding his head to mark  the time, and every now and then interrupting her with a suggestion. The King, at this hour, will be in his study, in dressing-gown  and slippers--a tattered old dingy brown dressing-gown, out at elbows By Henry Harland  33 elbows -- at his big, wildly-littered writing-table, producing  "copy," .... to the accompaniment of endless cigarettes and  endless glasses of tea. (Monterossan cigarettes are excellent, and  Monterossan tea is always served in glasses.) The King has  literary aspirations, and--like Frederick the Great--coaxes his  muse in French. You will occasionally see a conte  of his in  the  Nouvelle Revue , signed by the artful pseudonym, Theodore Montrouge. At one o clock to-day I am to present myself at the Palace, and  to be received by their Majesties in informal audience ; and then  I am to have the honour of lunching with them. If I were on  the point of lunching with any other royal family in Europe. . . .  But, thank goodness, I'm not ; and I needn't pursue the dis- tressing speculation. Oueen Aneli and King Theodore are--for  a multitude of reasons--a Oueen and King apart. You see, when he began life, Theodore IV was simply Prince  Theodore Pavelovitch, the younger son of a nephew of the  reigning Basile, Paul III ; and nobody dimly dreamed that  he would ever ascend the throne. So he went to Paris, and  " made his studies " in the Latin Quarter, like any commoner. In those days as,--I dare say, it still is in these--the Latin Quarter was crowded with students from the far south-east.  Servians, Roumanians, Monterossans, grew, as it were, on every  bush ; we even had a sprinkling of Bulgarians and Montenegrins ;  and those of them who were not (more or less vaguely) princes,  you could have numbered on your ringers. And, anyhow, in that  democratic and self-sufficient seat of learning, titles count for  little, and foreign countries are a matter of consummate ignorance  and jaunty unconcern. The Duke of Plaza-Toro, should he venture in the classical Boul Miche, would have to cede the pas 34  The Queen's Pleasure pas  to the latest hero of the Beaux-Arts, or buily from the School  of Medicine, even though the hero were the son of a village  apothecary, and the bully reeked to heaven of absinthe and to- bacco ; while the Prime Minister of England would find his  name, it is more than to be feared, unknown, and himself re- garded as a person of quite extraordinary unimportance. So we accepted Prince Theodore Pavelovitch, and tried him by  his individual merits, for all the world as if he were made of the  same flesh and blood as Tom, Dick, and Harry ; and thee-and-  thou'd him, and hailed him as  mon vieux  as merrily as we did  everybody else. Indeed, I shouldn't wonder if the majority of  those who knew him were serenely unaware that his origin was  royal (he would have been the last to apprise them of it), and  roughly classed him with our other  princes valaques . For con- venience sake, we lumped them all--the divers natives of the  lands between the Black Sea and the Adriatic under the generic  name, Valaques ; we couldn t be bothered with nicer ethnological  distinctions. We tried Prince Theodore by his individual merits ; but, as his  individual merits happened to be signal, we liked him very much.  He hadn t a trace of " side ; " his pockets were full of money ; he  was exceedingly free-handed. No man was readier for a lark,  none more inventive or untiring in the prosecution of one. He  was a brilliant scholar, besides, and almost the best fencer in the  Quarter. And he was pleasantly good-looking--fair-haired, blue-  eyed, with a friendly humorous face, a pointed beard, and a  slight, agile, graceful figure. Everybody liked him, and every- body was sorry when he had to leave us, and return to his ultra- mundane birthplace. " It can t be helped," he said. " I must  go home and do three years of military service. But then I shall  come back. I mean always to live in Paris." That By Henry Harland  35 That was in 82. But he never came back. For, before his  three years of military service were completed, the half-dozen  cousins and the brother who stood between him and the throne,  had one by one died off, and Theodore himself had succeeded to  the dignity of  Basilitch , as they call their Heir Presumptive. In  1886 he married. And, finally, in 88, his great-uncle Paul also  died at the age of ninety-seven, if you please--and Theodore was  duly proclaimed Basile. He didn t forget his ancient cronies, though ; and I was only  one of those whom he invited to come and stay with him in his  Palace. I came, and staid .... eleven months ! That seems  egregious ; but what will you say of another of us, Arthur Fleet  (or Florimond, as their Majesties have nicknamed him), who  came at the same time, and has staid ever since ? The fact is,  the King is a tenacious as well as a delightful host ; if he once  gets you within his portals, he won t let you go without a struggle. " We do bore ourselves so improbably out here, you  know," he explains. " The society of a Christian is a thing we'd  commit a crime for." Theodore's consort, Aneli Isabella,  Basilitsa Tcbermnogory -- vide  the  Almanach de Gotha --is the  daughter of the late  Prince Maximilian of Wittenburg ; sister, therefore, to that young  Prince Waldemar who comes almost every year to England, and  with whose name and exploits as a yachtsman all conscientious  students of the daily press will be familiar ; and cousin to the  reigning Grand Duke Ernest. Theoretically German, she is, however, to all intents and  purposes, French ; for her mother, the Princess Celestine (of  Bourbon-Morbihan), was a Frenchwoman, and, until her marriage,  I fancy that more than half of Aneli's life was passed between Nice 36  The Queen's Pleasure Nice and Paris. She openly avows, moreover, that she " detests  Germany, the German language, the German people, and all  things German, and adores France and the French." And her  political sympathies are entirely with the Franco-Russ alliance. She is a deliciously pretty little lady, with curling soft-brown  hair, a round, very young-looking face, a delicate rose-and-ivory  complexion, and big, bright, innocent brown eyes--innocent, yet  with plenty of potential archness, even potential mischief, lurking  in them. She has beautiful full red lips, besides, and exquisite  little white teeth. Florimond wrote a triolet about her once, in  which he described her as " une fleur en porcelaine." Her  Majesty repudiated the phrase indignantly. " Why not say a  wax-doll, and be done with it ? " she demanded. All the same,  " fleur en porcelaine " does, in a manner, suggest the general effect of her appearance, its daintiness, its finish, its crisp chisel- ling, its clear, pure colour. Whereas, nothing could be more misleading than " wax-doll," for there is character, character, in  every molecule of her person. The Queen's character, indeed, is what I wish I could give  some idea of. It is peculiar, it is distinctive ; to me, at any  rate, it is infinitely interesting and diverting ; but, by the same  token--if I may hazard so to qualify it--it is a trifle .... a  trifle .... difficult. " You re such an arbitrary gent ! " I heard Florimond complain  to her, one day. (I heard and trembled, but the Queen only  laughed.) And that will give you an inkling of what I mean. If she likes you, if you amuse her, and if you never remotely  oppose or question her desire of the moment, she can be all that is  most gracious, most reasonable, most captivating : an inspiring  listener, an entertaining talker : mingling the naivete, the inex- perience By Henry Harland  37 perience of evil, the half comical, half appealing unsophistication,  of a girl, of a child almost--of one who has always lived far aloof  from the struggle and uncleanness of the workaday world--with  the wit, the humour, the swift appreciation and responsiveness  of an exceedingly impressionable, clear-sighted, and accomplished  woman. But .... but .... Well, I suppose, the right way of putting it would be to say, in  the consecrated formula, that she has the defects of her qualities.  Having preserved something of a child s simplicity, she has not  entirely lost a child's wilfulness, a child s instability of mood, a  child s trick of wearing its heart upon its sleeve. She has never  perfectly acquired a grown person s power of controlling or con-  cealing her emotions. If you  don't  happen to amuse her--if, by any chance, it is your  misfortune to  bore  her, no matter how slightly ; and, oh, she is so  easily bored !--the atmosphere changes in a twinkling : the sun  disappears, clouds gather, the temperature falls, and (unless you  speedily " brisken up," or fly her presence) you may prepare for  most uncomfortable weather. If you manifest the faintest hesita- tion in complying with her momentary wishes, if you raise the  mildest objection to them-- gare a vous !  Her face darkens,  ominous lightning flashes in her eyes, her under-lip swells danger- ously ; she very likely stamps her foot imperiously ; and you are  to be accounted lucky if you don't get a smart dab from the. barbed  end of her royal tongue. And if she doesn t like you, though she  may think she is trying with might and main to disguise the fact and to treat you courteously, you know it directly, and you go  away with the persuasion that she has been, not merely cold and  abstracted, but downright uncivil. The Yellow Book--Vol. VII.  C In 38  The Queen's Pleasure In a word, Queen Aneli is hasty, she is impatient. And, in  addition to that, she is uncertain. You can never tell beforehand,  by any theory of probabilities based on past experience, what will  or will not, on any given occasion, cause her to smile or frown.  The thing she expressed a desire for yesterday, may offend her  to-day. The suggestion that put her in a temper yesterday, to-day  she may welcome with joyous enthusiasm. You must approach  her gingerly, tentatively ; you must feel your ground. " Oh, most dread Sovereign," said Florimond, " if you won't  fly out at me, I would submit, humbly, that you'd better not  drive this afternoon in your open carriage, in your sweet new  frock, for, unless all signs fail, it's going to rain like everything."  She didn't fly out at him exactly ; but she retorted, succinctly,  with a peremptory gesture, " No, it's  not  going to rain," as who  should say, " It daren't." And she drove in her open carriage,  and spoiled her sweet new frock. "Not to speak of my sweet new  top-hat," sighs Florimond, who attended her ; "the only Lincoln  and Bennett top-hat in the whole length and breadth of Monte-  rosso." She is hasty, she is uncertain ; and then .... she is  intense .  She talks in italics, she feels in superlatives ; she admits no com- parative degree, no emotional half-tones. When she is not ecstati -  cally happy, she is  desperately  miserable ; wonders why she was  ever born into this worst of all possible worlds ; wishes she were dead ; and even sometimes drops dark hints of meditated suicide.  When she is not in the brightest of affable humours, she is in the  blackest of cross ones. She either  loves  a thing, or she  simply can't endure it  ;--the thing may be a town, a musical composition, a  perfume, or a person. She either loves you, or she simply can't  endure you ; and she s very apt to love you and to cease to love you By Henry Harland  39 you alternately--or, at least, to give you to understand as much--  three or four times a day. It is winter midnight or summer noon,  a climate of extremes. " Do you like the smell of tangerine-skin ? " Every evening for a week, when, at the end of dinner, the  fruit was handed round, the King asked her that question ; and  she, never suspecting his malice, answered invariably, as she  crushed a bit between her fingers, and fervidly inhaled its odour,  "Oh, do I  like  it ? I  adore  it. It's perfect  rapture ." She is hasty, she is uncertain, she is intense. Will you be sur- prised when I go on to insist that, down deep, she is altogether  well-meaning and excessively tender-hearted, and when I own that  among all the women I know I can think of none other who  seems to me so attractive, so fascinating, so sweetly feminine and  loveable ? (Oh, no, I am not  in love  with her, not in the least--  though I don't say that I mightn't be, if I were a king, or she  were not a queen.) If she realises that she has been unreasonable,  she is the  to confess it ; she repents honestly, and makes the  devoutest resolutions to amend. If she discovers that she has hurt  anybody's feelings, her conscience will not give her a single second  of peace, until she has sought her victim out and heaped him with  benefits. If she believes that this or that distasteful task forms in  very truth a part of her duty, she will go to any length of  persevering self-sacrifice to accomplish it. She has a hundred generous and kindly impulses, where she has one that is perverse  or inconsiderate. Bring any case of distress or sorrow to her  notice, and see how instantly her eyes soften, how eager she is to  be of help. And in her affections, however mercurial she may  appear on the surface, she is really constant, passionate, and, in  great things, forbearing. She and her husband, for example, though 40  The Queen's Pleasure though they have been married for perilously near ten years, are  little better than a pair of sweethearts (and jealous sweethearts, at  that ; you should have been present on a certain evening when we  had been having a long talk and laugh over old days in the Latin  Quarter, and an evil spirit prompted one of us to regale her  Majesty with a highly-coloured account of Theodore's youthful  infatuation for Nina Childe ! . . . . Oh, their faces ! Oh, the  silence!); and then, witness her devotion to her brother, to her sisters ; her fondness for Florimond, for Madame Donarowska,  who was her governess when she was a girl, and now lives with  her in the Palace. "I am writing a fairy-tale," Florimond said to her, "about  Princess Gugglegoo and Princess Ragglesnag." "Oh ? " questioned the Oueen. " And who were  they? " Princess Gugglegoo was all sweetness and pinkness, softness  and guilelessness, a rose full of honey, and without a thorn ; a  perfect little cherub ; oh, such a duck ! Princess Ragglesnag was  all corners and sharp edges, fire and fret, dark moods and quick  angers ; oh, such an intolerant, dictatorial, explosive, tempestuous  princess ! You could no more touch her than you could touch a  nettle, or a porcupine, or a live coal, or a Leyden jar, or any other  prickly, snaggy, knaggy, incandescent, electric thing. You  did   have to mind your p's and q's with her ! But no matter how  carefully you minded them, she was sure to let you have it, sooner  or later ; you were sure to  rile  her, one way or another : she was  that cantankerous and tetchy, and changeable and unexpected.--  And then Well, what do you suppose ? " " I'm waiting to hear," the Oueen replied, a little drily. "Oh, there! If you re going to be grumpy, I won't play,"  cried Florimond. "I'm By Henry Harland  41 " I'm not grumpy--as you call it. Only, your characters are  rather conventionally drawn. However, go on, go on." " There was a distinct suggestion of menace in your tone. But  never mind. If you didn't really mean it, we'll pretend there  wasn't. Well, my dears," he went on, turning, so as to include  the King in his audience, " you never will  believe me, but it's a  solemn, sober fact that these two princesses were twin sisters, and  that they looked so much alike that nobody, not even their own  born mother, could tell them apart. Now, wasn't  that  surprising?  Only, Ragglesnag looked like Gugglegoo suddenly curdled and  gone sour, you know ; and Gugglegoo looked like Ragglesnag  suddenly wreathed out in smiles and graces. So that the courtiers  used to say, Hello ! What  can  have happened ? Here comes  dear Princess Gugglegoo looking as black as thunder. Or else-- ' Bless us and save us ! What's  this  miracle ? Here comes old  Ragglesnag looking as if butter wouldnt melt in her mouth.'--  Well, and then. . . . ." "Oh, you needn't continue," the Oueen interrupted, bridling. " You re tedious and obvious, and utterly unfair and unjust. I  hope I'm not an insipid little fool, like Gugglegoo ; but I don't  think I'm quite a termagant, either, like your horrid exaggerated  Ragglesnag." "Oh, dear! Oh, dear!" wailed Florimond. "Why  will people go and make a personal application of everything a fellow  says ? If I had been even remotely thinking of your Majesty, I  should never have dreamed of calling her by either of those  ridiculous outlandish names. Gugglegoo and Ragglesnag, in- deed ! " "What  would  you have called her ? " the King asked, who was  chuckling inscrutably, in his arm-chair. " Well, I  might  have called her Ragglegoo, and I  might  have called 42  The Queen's Pleasure called her Gugglesnag. But I hope I'm much too discerning  ever to have applied such a sweeping generalisation to her  as Ragglesnag, or such a silly, sugary sort of barbarism as  Gugglegoo." "It s perfectly useless," the Queen broke out, bitterly, "to  expect a  man --even a comparatively intelligent and highly-developed  man, like Florimond--to understand the subtleties of a woman's  nature, or to sympathise with the difficulties of her life. When  she isn t as crude, and as blunt, and as phlegmatic, and as insensi- tive, and as transparent and commonplace and all-of-one-piece, as  themselves, men always think a woman;s unreasonable and capri- cious and infantile. It's a little  too  discouraging. Here I wear  myself to a shadow, and bore and worry myself to extermination, with all the petty contemptible cares and bothers and pomps and  ceremonies of this tiresome little Court ; and that's all the thanks  I get--to be laughed at by my husband, and lectured and ridiculed  in stupid allegories by Florimond ! It's a little  too  hard. Oh, if  you'd only let me go away, and leave it all behind me ! I'd go to Paris, and change my name, and become a concert-singer. It's  the only thing I really care for--to sing and sing and sing. Oh,  if I could only go and make a career, as a concert-singer in Paris !  Will you let me ?  Will  you ? Will you ? " she demanded vehe- mently of her husband. " That's rather a radical measure to bring up for discussion at  this hour of the night, isn't it ? " the King suggested, laughing. "But it s quite serious enough for you to afford to consider it.  And I don t see why one hour isn't as good as another.  Will you  let me go to Paris and become a concert-singer ? " "What ! And leave poor me alone and forlorn here in Ves- cova ? Oh, my dear, you wouldn't desert your own lawful spouse  in that regardless manner ! " I don't By Henry Harland  43 " I don't see what 'lawful' has to do with it. You don't half  appreciate me. You think I'm childish, and capricious, and bad-  tempered, and everything that's absurd and idiotic. I don't see  why I should waste my life and my youth, stagnating in this out-  of-the-way corner of Nowhere, with a man who doesn't appreciate  me, and who thinks I'm childish and idiotic, when I could go to  Paris, and have a life of my own, and a career, and do the only  thing in the world I really care for. Will you let me ? Answer. Will you ? " But the King only laughed. " And besides," the Oueen went on, in a minute, "if you really  missed me, you could come too. You could abdicate. Why  shouldn t you ? Instead of staying here, and boring and worrying  ourselves to death as King and Oueen of this ungrateful, insuffer- able, little unimportant ninth-rate country, why shouldn't we  abdicate, and go to Paris, and be a Man and a Woman, and have  a little Life, instead of this dreary, artificial, cardboard sort of  puppet-show existence ? You could devote yourself to literature, and I'd go on the concert-stage, and we'd have a delightful little  house in the Avenue du Bois de Boulogne, and be perfectly  happy. Of course Florimond would come with us. Why  shouldn t we ? Oh, if you only would ! Will you ? Will you,  Theo ? " she pleaded earnestly. The King looked at his watch. "It s nearly midnight, my  dear," he said. " High time, I should think, to adjourn the debate.  But if, when you wake up to-morrow morning, you wish to resume  it, Florimond and I will be at your disposal. Meanwhile we're  losing our beauty-sleep ; and I, for one, am going to bed." "Oh, it's always like that ! " the Queen complained. "You  never do me the honour of taking seriously anything I say. It's  intolerable. I don't think any woman was ever so badly treated." She 44  The Queen's Pleasure She didn't recur to the subject next day, however, but passed  the entire morning with Florimond, planning the details of a  garden-party, and editing the list of guests ; and she threw her  whole soul into it, too : so that, when the King looked in upon  them, a little before luncheon, Florimond smiled at him significantly  (indeed, I'm not sure he didn't  wink  at him) and called out, "Oh,  we  are  enjoying of ourselves. Please don t interrupt. Go back  to your counting-house and count out your money, and leave us in the parlour to eat our bread and honey." It is in the nature of things, doubtless, that a temperament such  as I have endeavoured to suggest, should find the intensity of its  own feelings reflected by those that it excites in others. One  would expect to hear that the people who like Oueen Aneli  like her tremendously, and that the people who don't like her  tremendously don't like her at all. And, in effect, that is precisely  the lady's case. She is tremendously liked by those who are near  to her, and who are therefore in a position to understand her and to make allowances. They love the woman in her ; they laugh  at and love the high-spirited, whimsical, impetuous, ingenuous  child. But those who are at a distance from her, or who meet  her only rarely and formally, necessarily fail to understand her, and  are apt, accordingly, neither to admire her greatly, nor to bear her  much good will. And, of course, while the people who are near  to her can be named by twos and threes, those who view her from  a distance must be reckoned with by thousands. And this brings  me to a painful circumstance, which I may as well mention with out more ado. At Vescova--as you could scarcely spend a day  in the town, and not become aware--Queen Aneli is anything  you please but popular. "The inhabitants of Monterosso," says M. Boridov, in his interesting By Henry Harland  45 interesting history of that country, " fall into three rigidly separated castes : the nobility, a bare handful of tall, fair-haired, pure-  blooded Slavs ; the merchants and manufacturers, almost exclusively  Jews and Germans ; and the peasantry, the populace--a short,  thick-set, swarthy race, of Slavic origin, no doubt, and speaking a  Slavic tongue, but with most of the Slavic characteristics obliterated  by admixture with the Turk. . . . Your true Slav peasant, with  his mild blue eyes, and his trustful spirit, is as meek and as long-  suffering as a dumb beast of burden. But your black-browed  Monterossan, your Tchermnogorets, is fierce, lawless, resentful,  and vindictive, a Turk's grandson, the Turk's cousin :  though no one detests the Turk more cordially than he." Well, at Vescova, and, with diminishing force, throughout all  Monterosso, Oueen Aneli is entirely misunderstood and sullenly  misliked. Her husband cannot be called precisely the idol of his  people, either ; but he is regarded with indulgence, even with  hopefulness ; he is a Monterossan, a Pavelovitch : he may turn  out well yet. Aneli, on the contrary, is an alien, a German, a Niemkashka . The feeling against her begins with the nobility.  Save the half-dozen who are about her person, almost every mother s son or daughter of them fancies that he or she has been  rudely treated by her, and quite frankly hates her. I am afraid,  indeed, they have some real cause of grievance ; for they are most  of them rather tedious, and provincial, and narrow-minded ; and  they bore her terribly when they come to Court ; and when she is  bored, as we have seen, she is likely to show it pretty plainly. So  they say she gives herself airs. They pretend that when she isn't  absent-minded and monosyllabic, she is positively snappish. They  denounce her as vain, shallow-pated, and extravagant. They  twist and torture every word she speaks, and everything she  does, into subject-matter for unfriendly criticism ; and they quote as 46  The Queen's Pleasure as from her lips a good many words that she has never spoken, and  they blame her savagely for innumerable things that she has never  thought of doing. But that's the trouble with the fierce light  that beats upon a throne--it shows the gaping multitude so much  more than is really there. Why, I have been assured by at least  a score of Monterossan ladies that the Queen's lovely brown hair  is a wig ; that her exquisite little teeth are the creation of Dr.  Evans, of Paris ; that whenever anything happens to annoy her,  she bursts out with torrents of the most awful French oaths ; that  she quite frequently slaps and pinches her maids-of-honour ; and  that, as for her poor husband, he gets his hair pulled and his face  scratched as often as he and she have the slightest difference of opinion. Monterossan ladies have gravely asseverated these charges  to me (these, and others more outrageous, that I won't repeat),  whilst their Monterossan lords nodded confirmation. It matters  little that the charges are preposterous. Give a Queen a bad  name, and nine people in ten will believe she merits it. Anyhow, the nobility of Monterosso, quite frankly hating  Oueen Aneli, give her every bad name they can discover in their  vocabularies ; and the populace, the mob, without stopping to make  original investigations, have convicted her on faith, and watch her  with sullen captiousness and mislike. When she drives abroad,  scarcely a hat is doffed, never a cheer is raised. On the contrary,  one sometimes hears mutterings and muffled groans ; and the  glances the passers-by direct at her are, in the main, the very reverse of affectionate glances. Members of the shop-keeping  class alone show a certain tendency to speak up for her, because  she spends her money pretty freely ; but the shop-keeping class are  aliens too, and don't count--or, rather, they count against her,  " the dogs of Jews," the zhudovskwy sobakwy ! But do you imagine Queen Aneli minds ? Do you imagine she is By Henry Harland  47 is hurt, depressed, disappointed ? Not she. She accepts her  unpopularity with the most superb indifference. " What do you  suppose I care for the opinion of such riff-raff ? " I recollect her  once crying out, with curling lip. " Anyone who has the least  individuality, the least character, the least fineness, the least  originality--any one who is in the least degree natural, uncon- ventional, spontaneous--is bound to be misconceived and  calumniated by the vulgar rank and file. It s the meanness and  stupidity of average human nature ; it s the proverbial injustice of  men. To be popular, you must either be utterly insignificant, a complete nonentity, or else a time-server and a hypocrite. So long  as I have a clear conscience of my own, I don't care a button  what strangers think and say about me. I don't intend to allow  my conduct to be influenced in the tiniest particular by the  prejudices of outsiders. Meddlers, busybodies ! I will live my own  life, and those who don't like it may do their worst. I will  be myself." " Yes, my dear; but after all," the King reminded her, "one  has, in this imperfect world, to make certain compromises with  one's environment, for comfort's sake. One puts on extra clothing  in winter, for example, however much, on abstract principles, one  may despise such a gross, material, unintelligent thing as the  weather. Just so, don't you think, one is by way of having a  smoother time of it, in the long run, if one takes a few simple  measures to conciliate the people amongst whom one is compelled to live ? Now, for instance, if you would give an hour or two  every day to learning Monterossan. . . ." " Oh, for Heaven's sake, don't begin  that  rengaine," cried her  Majesty. " I ve told you a hundred million times that I won't  be bothered learning Monterossan." It is one of her subjects sorest points, by the bye, that she has never 48  The Queen's Pleasure never condescended to learn their language. When she was   married, indeed, she announced her intention of studying it.  Grammars and dictionaries were bought ; a Professor was  nominated ; and for almost a week the Crown Princess (Basilevna),  as she then was, did little else than grind at Monterossan. Her  Professor was delighted ; he had never known such a zealous pupil.  Her husband was a little anxious. " You musn't work too hard,  my dear. An hour or two a day should be quite enough." But  she answered, " Let me alone. It interests me." And for almost  a week she was at it early and late, with hammer and tongs ;  poring over the endless declensions of Monterossan nouns, the  endless conjugations of Monterossan verbs ; wrestling,  sotto voce ,  with the tongue-tangling difficulties of Monterossan pronunciation ;  or, with dishevelled hair and inky fingers, copying long Monte- rossan sentences into her exercise book. She is not the sort of  person who does things by halves.--And then, suddenly, she  turned volte-face ; abandoned the enterprise forever. " It's  idiotic," she exclaimed. " A language with thirty-seven letters in  its alphabet, and no literature ! Why should I addle my brains  trying to learn it ? Ah, bien, merci ! I'll content myself  with French and English. It's bad enough, in one short life, to have  had to learn German, when I was a child." And neither argument nor entreaty could induce her to re- commence it. The King, who has never altogether resigned him- self to her determination, seizes from time to time an opportunity  to hark back to it ; but then he is silenced, as we have seen, with  a " don't begin  that  rengaine." The disadvantages that result  from her ignorance, it must be noticed, are chiefly moral ; it  offends Monterossan amour-propre. Practically, she does perfectly  well with French, that being the Court language of the realm. No, Oueen Aneli doesn t care a button. She tosses her head and By Henry Harland  49 and accepts " the proverbial injustice of men " with magnificent  unconcern. Only, sometimes, when the public sentiment against  her takes the form of aggressive disrespect, or when it interferes in  any way with her immediate convenience, it puts her a little out of  patience--when, for instance, the traffic in the street retards the  progress of her carriage, and a passage isn't cleared for her as  rapidly as it might be for a Queen whom the rabble loved ; or  when, crossing the pavement on foot, to enter a church, or a shop,  or what not, the idlers that collect to look, glare at her sulkily,  without doing her the common courtesy of lifting their hats. In  such circumstances, I dare say, she is more or less angered. At  all events, a sudden fire will kindle in her eyes, a sudden colour in  her cheeks ; she will very likely tap nervously with her foot, and  murmur something about " canaille." Perhaps anger, though, is  the wrong word for her emotion ; perhaps it should be more  correctly called a kind of angry contempt. When I  came to Vescova, some years ago, the Prime  Minister and virtual dictator of the country was still M.  Tsargradev, the terrible M. Tsargradev,--or Sargradeff, as most  English newspapers write his name,--and it was during my visit  here that his downfall occurred, his downfall and irretrievable  disgrace. The character and career of M. Tsargradev would furnish the  subject for an extremely interesting study. The illegitimate son  of a Monterossan nobleman, by a peasant mother, he inherited the  unprepossessing physical peculiarities of his mother's stock : the  sallow skin, the broad face, the flat features, the prominent cheek- bones, the narrow, oblique-set, truculent black eyes, the squat,  heavy figure. But to these he united a cleverness, an energy, an  ambition, which are as foreign to simple as to gentle Monterossan blood, 50  The Queen's Pleasure blood, and which he doubtless owed to the fusion of the two ; and  an unscrupulousness, a perfidy, a cruelty, and yet a surperficial  urbanity, that are perhaps not surprising in an ambitious politician,  half an Oriental, who has got to carry the double handicap of a  repulsive personal appearance and a bastard birth. Now, the  Government of Monterosso, as the King has sometimes been  heard to stigmatise it, is deplorably constitutional. By the  Constitution of 1869, practically the whole legislative power is  vested in the Soviete, a parliament elected by the votes of all male  subjects who have completed three years of military service. And,  in the early days of the reign of Theodore IV, M. Tsargradev  was leader of the Soviete, with a majority of three to one at his back. This redoubtable personage stood foremost in the ranks of  those whom our fiery little Queen Aneli " could not endure." " His horrible soapy smile ! His servile, insinuating manner !  It makes you feel as if he were plotting your assassination," she  declared. " His voice--ugh ! It's exactly like lukewarm oil.  He makes my flesh creep, like some frightful, bloated reptile." "There was a Queen in Thule," hummed Florimond, "who  had a marvellous command of invective. Eaving help your  reputation, if you fell under her illustrious displeasure." " I don't see why you make fun of me. I'm sure you think as  I do--that he s a monster of low cunning, and cynicism, and  craft, and treachery, and everything that's vile and revolting.  Don't you ? " the Queen demanded. " To be sure I do. I think he's a bold, bad, dreadful person.  I lie awake half the night, counting up his iniquities in my mind.  And if just now I laughed, it was only to keep from crying." " This sort of talk is all very well," put in the King ; " but the  fact remains that Tsargradev is the master of Monterosso. He could By Henry Harland  51 could do any one of us an evil turn at any moment. He could  cut down our Civil List to-morrow, or even send us packing, and  establish a republic. We're dependent for everything upon his  pleasure. I think, really, my dear, you ought to try to be decent  to him--if only for prudence sake." " Decent to him ! " echoed her Majesty. " I like that ! As  if I didn't treat him a hundred million times better than he  deserves ! I hope he can't complain that I'm not decent  to him." "You're not exactly effusive, do you think ? I don't mean  that you stick your tongue out at him, or throw things at  his head. But trust him for understanding. It's what you  leave unsaid and undone, rather than what you say or do. He's  fully conscious of the sort of place he occupies in your heart, and  he resents it. He thinks you distrust him, suspect him, look down  upon him. . . ." "Well, and so I do," interrupted the Oueen. "And so do  you. And so does everybody who has any right feeling." " Yes ; but those of us who are wise in our generation keep  our private sentiments regarding him under lock and key. We  remember his power, and treat him respectfully to his face, how- ever much we may despise him in secret. What s the use of  quarrelling with our bread and butter ? We should seek to  propitiate him, to rub him the right way." " Then you would actually like me to  grovel , to  toady , to a  disgusting little low-born, black-hearted cad like Tsargradev !  " cried the Queen, with scorn. "Oh, dear me, no," protested her husband. "But there's a  vast difference between toadying, and being a little  tactful, a little diplomatic. I should like you to treat him with something more  than bare civility." Well, 52  The Queen's Pleasure " Well, what can I do that I don't do ? " " You never ask him to any but your general public functions,  your state receptions, and that sort of thing. Why don't you  admit him to your private circle sometimes ? Why don't you  invite him to your private parties, your dinners ? " " Ah, merci, non ! My private parties are my private parties.  I ask my friends, I ask the people I like. Nothing could induce  me to ask that horrid little underbred mongrel creature. He'd  be--he'd be like--like something unclean--something murky  and contaminating--in the room. He'd be like an animal, an  ape, a satyr." " Well, my dear," the King submitted meekly, " I only hope  we'll never have cause to repent your exclusion of him. I know  he bears us a grudge for it, and he s not a person whose grudges  are to be made light of." " Bah ! I'm not afraid of him," Aneli retorted. " I know he  hates me. I see it every time he looks at me, with his snaky  little eyes, his forced little smile--that awful, complacent, in- gratiating smirk of his, that shows his teeth, and isn't even skin  deep ; a mere film spread over his face, like pomatum ! Oh,  I know he hates me. But it's the nature of mean, false little  beasts like him to hate their betters; so it can't be helped. For the rest, he may do his worst. I'm not afraid," she concluded airily. Not only would she take no steps to propitiate M. Tsargradev,  but she was constantly urging her husband to dismiss him. " I'm perfectly certain he has all sorts of dreadful secret vices.  I haven't the least doubt he's murdered people. I'm sure he steals.  I'm sure he has a secret understanding with Berlin, and accepts  bribes to manage the affairs of Monterosso as Prince Bismarck  wishes. That's why we're more or less in disgrace with our natural By Henry Harland  53 natural allies, Russia and France. Because Tsargradev is  paid to pursue an anti-Russian, a German, policy. If you would  take my advice, you'd dismiss him, and have him put in prison.  Then you could explain to the Soviete that he is a murderer, a  thief, a traitor, and a monster of secret immorality, and appoint a  decent person in his place." Her husband laughed with great amusement. You don t appear quite yet to have mastered the principles of  constitutional government, my dear. I could no more dismiss  Tsargradev than you could dismiss the Pope of Rome." " Are you or are you not the King of Monterosso ? " "I m Vice-King, perhaps. You re the King, you know. But  that has nothing to do with it. Tsargradev is leader of the  Soviete. The Soviete pays the bills, and its leader governs. The  King s a mere fifth-wheel. Some day they ll abolish him. Mean- while they tolerate him, on the understanding that he's not to  interfere." " You ought to be ashamed to say so. You ought to take the  law and the Constitution and everything into your own hands.  If you asserted yourself, they'd never dare to resist you. But  you always submit--submit--submit. Of course, everybody takes  advantage of a man who always submits. Show that you have  some spirit, some sense of your own dignity. Order Tsargradev's  dismissal and arrest. You can do it now, at once, this evening.  Then to-morrow you can go down to the Soviete, and tell them  what a scoundrel he is--a thief, a murderer, a traitor, an impostor,  a libertine, everything that s foul and bad. And tell them that  henceforward you're going to be really King, and not merely nominally King ; and that you're going to govern exactly as you  think best ; and that, if they don't like that, they will have to  make the best of it. If they resist, you can dissolve them, and The Yellow Book--Vol. VII.  D order 54  The Queen's Pleasure order a general election. Or you can suspend the Constitution,  and govern without any Soviete at all." The King laughed again. " I'm afraid the Soviete might ask for a little evidence, a few  proofs, in support of my sweeping charges. I could hardly satisfy  them by declaring that I had my wife s word for it. But,  seriously, you exaggerate. Tsargradev is anything you like from  the point of view of abstract ethics, but he's not a criminal. He  hasn't the faintest motive for doing anything that isn't in accord- ance with the law. He's simply a vulgar, self-seeking politician,  with a touch of the Tartar. But he's not a thief, and I imagine  his private life is no worse than most men's." "Wait, wait, only wait!" cried the Oueen. "Time will  show. Some day he'll come to grief, and then you'll see that  he's even worse than I have said. I feel , I  know , he's everything  that's bad. Trust a woman's intuitions. They're much better than what you call  evidence . And she had a nickname for him, which, as well as her general  criticisms of his character, had pretty certainly reached the  Premier s ear ; for, as subsequent events demonstrated, very nearly  every servant in the Palace was a spy in his pay. She called him  the  nain jaune . Subsequent events have also demonstrated that her woman's  intuitions were indeed trustworthy. Perhaps you will remember  the revelations that were made at the time of M. Tsargradev's  downfall ; fairly full reports of them appeared in the London  papers. Murder, peculation, and revolting secret debaucheries  were all, surely enough, proved against him. It was proved that  he was the paid agent of Berlin ; it was proved that he had had recourse to  torture  in dealing with certain refractory witnesses in  his famous prosecution of Count Osareki. And then, there was the By Henry Harland  55 the case of Colonel Alexandrevitch. He and Tsargradev, at sun- set, were strolling arm-in-arm in the Dunayskiy Prospekt, when  the Colonel was shot by some person concealed in the shrubberies,  who was never captured. Tsargradev and his friends broached  the theory, which gained pretty general acceptance, that the shot  had been intended for the Prime Minister himself, and that the  death of Colonel Alexandrevitch was an accident due to bad  aiming. It is now perfectly well established that the death of the Colonel was due to very good aiming indeed ; that the assassin  was M. Tsargradev s own hireling ; and that perhaps the best  reason why the police could never lay hands on him had some  connection with the circumstance that the poor wretch, that very  night, was strangled and cast into the Danube. Oh, they manage these things in a highly unlikely and  theatrical manner, in the far south-east of Europe ! But the particular circumstances of M. Tsargradev's downfall  were amusingly illustrative of the character of the Oueen.  Ce que femme veult, Dleu le veult . And though her husband talked  of the Constitution, and pleaded the necessity of evidence, Aneli  was unconvinced. To get rid of Tsargradev, by one method or another, was her fixed idea, her determined purpose ; she bided her  time, and in the end she accomplished it. It befell, during the seventh month of my stay in the Palace,  that a certain great royal wedding was appointed to be celebrated  at Dresden : a festivity to which were bidden all the crowned  heads and most of the royal and semi-royal personages of  Christendom, and amongst them the Basile and Basilitsa of  Monterosso. " It will cost us a pretty sum of money," Theodore grumbled, when 56  The Queen's Pleasure when the summons  reached him. "We'll have to travel  in state, with a full suite ; and the whole shot must be paid from  our private purse. There's no expecting a penny for such a  purpose from the Soviete." " I hope," exclaimed the Queen, looking up from a letter she  was writing, " I hope you don't for a moment intend to go ? " " We  must  go," answered the King. "There's no getting out  of it." " Nonsense ! " said she. " We'll send a representative." " I only wish we could," sighed the King. "But unfortunately  this is an occasion when etiquette requires that we should attend  in person." "Oh, bother etiquette," said she. " Etiquette was made for  slaves. We'll send your Cousin Peter. One must find some  use for one's Cousin Peters." " Yes ; but this is a business, alas, in which one's Cousin  Peter won't go down. I'm very sorry to say we'll have to attend  in person." "Nonsense ! she repeated. "Attend in person ! How can  you think of such a thing ? We'd be bored and fatigued to death.  It will be unspeakable. Nothing but dull, stodgy, suffocating  German pomposity and bad taste. Oh, je m y connais ! Red  cloth, and military bands, and interminable banquets, and noise,  and confusion, and speeches (oh, the speeches !), until you re ready  to drop. And besides, we'd be herded with a crowd of ninth-rate princelings and petty dukes, who smell of beer and cabbage and brilliantine. We d be relegated to the fifth or sixth rank, behind  people who are all of them really our inferiors. Do you suppose I  mean to let myself be patronised by a lot of stupid Hohenzollerns  and GratzhofFens ? No, indeed ! You can send your cousin  Peter." "Ah, By Henry Harland  57 "Ah, my dear, if I were the Tsar of Russia ! " laughed her  husband. " Then I could send a present and a poor relation, and  all would be well. But--you speak of ninth-rate princelings. A  ninth-rate princeling like the Basile of Tchermnogoria must make  act of presence in his proper skin. It's  de rigueur . There's no  getting out of it. We must go." " Well,  you  may go, if you like," her Majesty declared. " As  for me, I  won't . If you choose to go and be patronised and bored,  and half killed by the fatigue, and half ruined by the expense, I  suppose I can't prevent you. But, if you want my opinion, I  think it's utter insane folly." And she re-absorbed herself in her letter, with the air of one  who had been distracted for a moment by a frivolous and tiresome  interruption. The King did not press the matter that evening, but the next  morning he mustered his courage, and returned to it. "My dear," he began, " I beg you to listen to me patiently for  a moment, and not get angry. What I wish to say is really very  important." "Well, what is it? What is it ? " she inquired, with antici- patory weariness. " It's about going to Dresden. I--I want to assure you that I  dislike the notion of going quite as much as you can. But it's no  question of choice. There are certain things one has to do,  whether one will or not. I'm exceedingly sorry to have to insist,  but we positively must reconcile ourselves to the sacrifice,  and attend the wedding--both of us. It's a necessity of our posi- tion. If we should stay away, it would be a breach of international  good manners that people would never forgive us. We should be  the scandal, the by-word, of the Courts of Europe. We'd give  the direst offence in twenty different quarters. We really can't afford 58  The Queen's Pleasure afford to make enemies of half the royal families of the civilised  world. You can't imagine the unpleasantnesses, the complications,  our absence would store up for us ; the bad blood it would cause.  We'd be put in the black list of our order, and snubbed, and  embarrassed, and practically ostracised, for years to come. And  you know whether we need friends. But the case is so obvious,  it seems a waste of breath to argue it. You surely won't let a  mere little matter of temporary personal inconvenience get us into  such an ocean of hot water. Come now--be reasonable, and say  you will go." The Queen's eyes were burning ; her under-lip had swollen  portentously ; but she did not speak. The King waited a moment. Then, " Come, Aneli--don't  be angry. Answer me. Say that you will go," he urged, taking  her hand. She snatched her hand away. I'm afraid she stamped her foot.  " No ! " she cried. " Let me alone. I tell you I  won't " " But, my dear . . . ." the King was re-commencing ....  " No, no, no ! And you needn't call me your dear. If you  had the least love for me, the least common kindness, or considera- tion for my health or comfort or happiness, you'd never dream of  proposing such a thing. To drag me half-way across the Con- tinent of Europe, to be all but killed at the end of the journey by  a pack of horrid, coarse, beer- drinking Germans ! And tired out, and irritated, and patronised, and humiliated by people like ---- and ---- ! It's perfectly heartless of you. And I when I suggest such a simple natural pleasure as a trip to Paris, or to the Italian lakes in autumn--you go and tell me we can t afford it !  You re ready to spend thousands on a stupid, utterly unnecessary  and futile absurdity, like this wedding, but you can't afford to take  me to the Italian lakes ! And yet you pretend to love me ! Oh, it's By Henry Harland  59 it's awful, awful, awful ! " And her voice failed her in a sob ; and  she hid her face in her hands, and wept. So the King had to  drop the subject again, and to devote his talents to the task of  drying her tears. I don't know how many times they renewed the discussion, but  I do know that the Queen stood firm in her original refusal, and  that at last it was decided that the King should go without her,  and excuse her absence as best he might on the plea of her preca-  rious state of health. It was only after this resolution was made   and registered, and her husband had brought himself to accept it  with some degree of resignation--it was only that her  Majesty began to waver and vacillate, and reconsider, and change  her mind. As the date approached for his departure, her alterna- tions became an affair of hours. It was, " Oh, after all, I can't  let you go alone, poor Theo. And besides, I should die of heart- break, here without you. So--there--I'll make the best of a bad  business, and go with you "--it was either that, or else, " No,  after all, I  can't . I really can't. I'm awfully sorry. I shall miss  you horribly. But, when I think of what it means , I haven't the  trength or courage. I simply can't "--it was one thing or the  other, on and off", all day. " When you finally know your own mind, I shall be glad if  you'll send for me," said Theodore. " Because I've got to name  a Regent. And if you're coming with me, I shall name my uncle  Stephen. But if you're stopping here, of course I shall name  you." There is a bothersome little provision in the Constitution of  Monterosso to the effect that the Sovereign may not cross the  frontiers of his dominions, no matter for how brief a sojourn,  without leaving a Regent in command. Under the good old  regime, before the revolution of 1868, the kings of Tcherm- nogoria 60  The Queen's Pleasure nogoria were a good deal inclined to spend the bulk of their time --and money--in foreign parts. They found Paris, Monte Carlo,  St. Petersburg, Vienna, and even, if you can believe me, some- times London, on the whole more agreeable as places of residence  than their hereditary capital. (There was the particularly flagrant  case of Paul II, our Theodore s great-grandfather, who lived for  twenty years on end in Rome. He fancied himself a statuary,  poor gentleman, and produced oh, such amazing Groups ! Tons  of them repose in the Royal Museum at Vescova ; a few brave  the sky here and there in lost corners of the Campagna he used to  present them to the Pope ! Perhaps you have seen his Fountain at  Acqu amarra ?) It was to discourage this sort of royal absenteeism  that the patriotic framers of the Constitution slyly slipped Sub-  Clause 18 into Clause ii, of Title 3, of Article XXXVI :  Con -  cerning the Appointment of a Regent . " So," said Theodore, " when you have finally made up your  mind, I shall be glad if you will let me know ; for I've got to  name a Regent." But the Oueen continued to hesitate ; in the morning it was  Yes, in the evening No ; and the eleventh hour was drawing near  and nearer. The King was to leave on Monday. On the pre- vious Tuesday, in a melting mood, Aneli had declared, " There !  Once for all, to make an end of it, I ll go." On Wednesday a  Commission of Regency, appointing Prince Stephen, was drawn  up. On Thursday it was brought to the Palace for the royal signature. The King had actually got as far as the   d in his  name, when the Oueen, faltering at sight of the irrevocable docu- ment, laid her hand on his arm. She was very pale, and her  voice was weak. " No, Theo, don t sign it. It's like my death-  warrant. I I haven't got the courage. You'll have to let me  stay. You'll have to go alone." On Friday a new commission was By Henry Harland  61 was prepared, in which Aneli's name had been substituted for  Stephen's. On Saturday morning it was presented to the King.  " Shall I sign ? " he asked. " Yes, sign," said she. And he  signed. " Ouf ! " she cried. "  That's  settled." And she hardly once changed her mind again until Sunday  night ; and even then she only half changed it. "If it weren t too late," she announced, "do you know, I  believe I'd decide to go with you, in spite of everything ? But of  course I never could get ready to start by to-morrow morning.  You couldn t wait till Tuesday ? " The King said he couldn't. " And now, my dears " (as Florimond, who loves to tell  the story, is wont to begin it), " no sooner was her poor confiding  husband's back a-turned, than what do you suppose this deep,  designing, unprincipled, high-handed young woman up and  did ? " Almost the last words Theodore spoke to her were, " Do, for  heaven's sake, try to get on pleasantly with Tsargradev. Don't  treat him too much as if he were the dust under your feet. All  you'll have to do is to sign your name at the end of the bills he'll  bring you. Sign and ask no questions, and all will be well." And the very  act of Aneli's Regency was to degrade M.  Tsargardev from office and to place him under arrest. We bade the King good-bye on the deck of the royal yacht Nemisa , which was to bear him to Belgrade, the stage of his  journey. Cannon bellowed from the citadel ; the bells of all the  churches in the town were clanging in jubilant discord ; the river was gay with fluttering bunting, and the King resplendent in a  gold-laced uniform, with the stars and crosses of I don't know how many 62  The Queen's Pleasure many Orders glittering on his breast. We lingered at the landing-  stage, waving our pocket-handkerchiefs, till the  Nemisa turned a  promontory and disappeared ; Aneli silent, with a white face, and  set, wistful eyes. And then we got into a great gilt-and-scarlet state-coach, she and Madame Donarowska, Florimond and I, and  were driven back to the Palace ; and during the drive she never  once spoke, but leaned her cheek on Madame Donarowska's  shoulder, and cried as if her heart would break. The Palace reached, however as who should say, " We're not  here to amuse ourselves " she promptly dried her tears. " Do you know what I'm going to do ? " she asked. And, on  our admitting that we didn t, she continued, blithely, " It's an ill  wind that blows no good. Theo's absence will be very hard to  bear, but I must turn it to some profitable account. I must  improve the occasion to straighten out his affairs ; I must put his  house in order. I'm going to give Monsieur Tsargradev a taste of  retributive justice. I'm going to do what Theo himself ought to  have done long ago. It s intolerable that a miscreant like Tsargradev  should remain at large in a civilised country ; it's a disgrace to  humanity that such a man should hold honourable office. I'm  going to dismiss him and put him in prison. And I shall keep  him there till a thorough investigation has been made of his official  acts, and the crimes I'm perfectly certain he's committed have been  proved against him. I'm not going to be Regent for nothing.  I'm going to  rule ." We, her auditors, looked at each other in consternation. It was  a good minute before either of us could collect himself sufficiently to speak. At last, " Oh, lady, lady, august and gracious lady," groaned  Florimond, " please be nice, and relieve our minds by confessing  that you re only saying it to tease us. Tell us you re only joking." " I never By Henry Harland  63 " I never was more serious in my life," she answered. " I defy you to look me in the eye and say so without  laughing," he persisted. " What  is  the fun of trying to frighten  us ? " "You needn't be frightened. I know what I'm about," said she. " What you're about ! " he echoed. " Oh me, oh my ! You're  about to bring your house crashing round your ears. You're about  to precipitate a revolution. You'll lose your poor unfortunate  husband's kingdom for him. You'll goodness only can tell what  you  won't  do. Your own bodily safety your very life will be in  danger. There'll be mobs, there'll be rioting. Oh, lady, sweet  lady, gentle lady, you mustn't, you really mustn't. You'd much  better come and sing a song, along o' me. Don't meddle with  politics. They're nothing but sea, sand, and folly. Music's the  only serious thing in the world. Come let's too-tootle." " It's all very well to try to turn what I say to jest," the Queen  replied loftily, "but I assure you I mean every word of it. I've  studied the Constitution. I know my rights. The appointment  and revocation of Ministers rest absolutely with the Sovereign.  It's not a matter of law, it's merely a matter of custom, a matter  of convenience, that the Ministers should be chosen from the party  that has a majority in the Soviete. Well, when it comes to the  case of a ruffian like Tsargradev, custom and convenience must go  by the board, in favour of right and justice. I m going to revoke him." " And within an hour of your doing so the whole town of  Vescova will be in revolt. We'll all have to leave the Palace, and  fly for our precious skins. We ll be lucky if we get away with  them intact. A pretty piece of business ! Tsargradev, from  being Grand Vizier, will become Grand Mogul ; and farewell to the 64  The Queen's Pleasure the illustrious dynasty of Pavelovitch ! Oh, lady, lady ! I call it downright unfriendly, downright inhospitable of you. Where  shall my grey hairs find shelter ? I'm  so  comfortable here under  your royal roof-tree. You wouldn't deprive the gentlest of God's creatures of a happy home ? Better that a thousand Tsargradevs  should flourish like a green bay tree, than that one upright man  should be turned out of comfortable quarters. There, now, be  kind. As a personal favour to me, won't you please just leave  things as they are ? " The Queen laughed a little not very heartily, though, and not  at all acquiescently. " Monsieur Tsargradev must go to prison,"  was her inexorable word. We pleaded, we argued, we exhausted ourselves in warnings and  protestations, but to no purpose. And in the end she lost her  patience, and shut us up categorically. " No ! Let me be ! " she cried. " I've heard enough. I know  my own mind. I won't be bothered." It was with heavy spirits and the dismallest forebodings that we  assisted at her subsequent proceedings. We had an anxious time  of it for many days ; and it has never ceased to be a source of  astonishment to me that it all turned out as well as it did. But ce que femme veult, le diable ne scaurait pas l'empecher . She began operations by despatching an aide-de-camp to M.  Tsargradev's house, with a note in which she commanded him to  wait upon her forthwith at the Palace, and to deliver up his seals  of office. At the same time she summoned to her presence General  Michaïlov, the Military Governor of Vescova, and Prince  Vasiliev, the leader of the scant Conservative opposition in the  Soviete. She By Henry Harland  65 She awaited these gentlemen in the throne-room, surrounded by  the officers of the household in full uniform. Florimond and I  hovered uneasily in the background. " By Jove, she does look her part, doesn't she ? Florimond  whispered to me. She wore a robe of black silk, with the yellow ribbon of the  Lion of Monterosso across her breast, and a tiara of diamonds in  her hair. Her eyes glowed with a fire of determination, and her  cheeks with a colour that those who knew her recognised for a  danger-signal. She stood on the steps of the throne, waiting, and  tapping nervously with her foot. And then the great white-and-gold folding doors were thrown  open, and M. Tsargradev entered, followed by the aide-de-camp  who had gone to fetch him. He entered, bowing and smiling, grotesque in his ministerial  green and silver ; and the top of his bald head shone as if it had  been waxed and polished. Bowing and smirking, he advanced to  the foot of the throne, where he halted. " I have sent for you to demand the return of your seals of  office," said the Queen. She held her head high, and spoke  slowly, with superb haughtiness. Tsargradev bowed low, and, always smiling, answered, in a voice  of honey, "If it please your Majesty, I don't think I quite under- stand." " I have sent for you to demand the return of your seals of  office," the Oueen repeated, her head higher, her inflection  haughtier than ever. " Does your Majesty mean that I am to consider myself dis- missed from her service ? " he asked, with undiminished sweetness.  " It is my desire that you should deliver up your seals of office,"  said she. Tsargradev's 66  The Queen's Pleasure Tsargradev's lips puckered in an effort to suppress a little good-  humoured deprecatory laugh. " But, your Majesty," he protested,  in the tone of one reasoning with a wayward school-girl, "you  must surely know that you have no power to dismiss a constitu- tional Minister." " I must decline to hold any discussion with you. I must  insist upon the immediate surrender of your seals of office." " I must remind your Majesty that I am the representative of  the majority of the Soviete." " I forbid you to answer me. I forbid you to speak in my  presence. You are not here to speak. You are here to restore  the seals of your office to your Sovereign." " That, your Majesty, I must, with all respect, decline to  do." "You refuse ? " the Queen demanded, with terrific shortness. " I cannot admit your Majesty's right to demand such a thing  of me. It is unconstitutional." " In other words, you refuse to obey my commands ? Colonel  Karkov ! " she called. Her eyes were burning magnificently now ; her hands trembled  a little. Colonel Karkov, the Marshal of the Palace, stepped forward. "Arrest that man," said the Queen, pointing to Tsargradev. Colonel Karkov looked doubtful, hesitant. " Do you also mean to disobey me ? " the Oueen cried, with a  glance .... oh, a glance ! Colonel Karkov turned pale, but he hesitated no longer. He  bowed to Tsargradev. " I must ask you to constitute yourself my  prisoner," he said. Tsargradev made a motion as if to speak ; but the Oueen raised  her hand, and he was silent. " Take By Henry Harland  67 "Take him away at once," she said. "Lock him up. He  is to be absolutely prevented from holding any communication  with any one outside the Palace." And, somehow, Colonel Karkov managed to lead Tsargradev  from the presence-chamber. And that ended the  act of our comical, precarious little melodrama. After Tsargradev's departure there was a sudden buzz of con- versation among the courtiers. The Queen sank back, in evident  exhaustion, upon the red velvet cushions of the throne. She closed  her eyes and breathed deeply, holding one of her hands pressed  hard against her heart. By-and-bye she looked up. She was very pale.  "Now let General Michaïlov and Prince Vasiliev be intro duced," she said. And when they stood before her, " General Michaïlov," she  began, " I desire you to place the town of Vescova under martial  law. You will station troops about the Palace, about the Chamber  of the Soviete, about the Mint and Government offices, and in all  open squares and other places where crowds would be likely to  collect. I have just dismissed M. Tsargradev from office, and  there may be some disturbance. You will rigorously suppress every  sign of disorder. I shall hold you responsible for the peace of the  town and the protection of my person." General Michaïlov, a short, stout, purple-faced old soldier,  blinked and coughed, and was presumably on the point of offering  something in the nature of an objection. " You have heard my wishes," said the Oueen. " I shall be  glad if you will see to their immediate execution." The General still seemed to have something on his mind. The 68  The Queen's Pleasure The Oueen stamped her foot. " Is everybody in a conspiracy to  disobey me ? " she demanded. " I am the representative of your  King, who is Commander-in-Chief of the Army. Are my orders  to be questioned ? " The General bowed, and backed from the room. " Prince Vasiliev," the Queen said, " I have sent for you to ask  you to replace M. Tsargradev as Secretary of State for the Interior,  and President of the Council. You will at once enter into the  discharge of your duties, and proceed to the formation of a  Ministry." Prince Vasiliev was a tall, spare, faded old man, with a pointed  face ending in a white imperial. He was a great personal favourite  of the Queen's. " It will be a little difficult," said he. " No doubt," assented she. " But it must be done." " I hardly see how I can form a Ministry to any purpose, with  an overwhelming majority against me in the Soviete." " You are to dissolve the Soviete and order a general election." " The general election can scarcely be expected to result in a  change of parties." " No ; but we shall have gained time. When the new deputies  are ready to take their seats, M. Tsargradev s case will have been  disposed of. I expect you will find among his papers at the Home  Office evidence sufficient to convict him of all sorts of crimes. If  I can deliver Monterosso from the Tsargradev superstition, my  intention will have been accomplished." " Now let's lunch," she said to Florimond and me, at the close  of this historic session. " I m ravenously hungry." I dare say General Michaïlov did what he could, but his troops By Henry Harland  69 troops weren't numerous enough to prevent a good deal of dis- turbance in the town ; and I suppose he didn't want to come to  bloodshed. For three days and nights, the streets leading up to  the Palace were black with a howling mob, kept from crossing  the Palace courtyard by a guard of only about a hundred men.  Cries of " Long live Tsargradev !" and "Death to the German  woman ! " and worse cries still, were constantly audible from the  Palace windows. "Canaille!" exclaimed the Oueen. "Let them shout them- selves hoarse. Time will show." And she would step out upon her balcony, in full sight of the  enemy, and look down upon them calmly, contemptuously. Still, the military did contrive to prevent an actual revolution,  and to maintain the  status quo . The news reached the King at Vienna. He turned straight  round and hurried home. " Oh, my dear, my dear ! " he groaned. " You  have  made a  mess of things." " You think so ? Read this." It was a copy of the morning s Gazette, containing Prince  Vasiliev s report of the interesting discoveries he had made  amongst the papers Tsargradev had left behind him at the Home  Office. There was an immediate revulsion of public feeling. The secret  understanding with Berlin was the thing that "did it." The  Monterossans are hereditarily, temperamentally, and from motives  of policy, Russophils. They couldn t forgive Tsargradev his secret  treaty with Berlin ; and they promptly proceeded to execrate him  as much as they had loved him. The Yellow Book--Vol. VII.  E For 70  The Queen's Pleasure For State reasons, however, it was decided not to prosecute him.  On his release from prison, he asked for his passport, that he  might go abroad. He has remained an exile ever since, and  (according to Florimond, at any rate) " is spending his declining  years colouring a meerschaum." " People talk of the ingratitude of princes," said the Oueen,  last night. "But what of the ingratitude of nations? The  Monterossans hated me because I dismissed M. Tsargradev ; and  then, when they saw him revealed in his true colours, they still  hated me, in spite of it. They are quick to resent what they  imagine to be an injury ; but they never recognise a benefit. Oh,  the folly of universal suffrage ! The folly of constitutional government ! I used to say, Surely a good despot is better  than a mob. But now I'm convinced that a  bad  despot, even, is better. Come, Florimond, let us sing .... you know ....  that song. . . ." " God save the best of despots ? " suggested Florimond. A Few Notes upon Mr. James By   Lena Milman I TO think of form as characteristic of emptiness, as though all spheres were bubbles, is an aesthetic heresy bequeathed to us  by the Puritans who, as surely as they added to our national muscle, bereft us of a certain sensibility of touch. In their eyes,  art was a mere concession to the bauble-loving folly of the crowd,  and beauty itself was anathema to the wise few unless it clothed  some grave moral teaching, which could not otherwise be made  acceptable to the foolish many. Bunyan could not help but deck  his parable in the beautiful prose of his day, but he would have  scorned to bespangle it consciously with jewels of diction, and he  could only shudder if he realised that Mercy and Greatheart spoke  the same idiom as the players of Vanity Fair. The contempt for the short story prevalent in England, but  unknown elsewhere, is surely as traceable to Puritan influence as  the mutilation of the Mary Altar at Ely, and of the shrine of  Saint Thomas ; for, insisting, as it has become our English bent  to do, upon some serious side-purpose in art, we are not content  with a beautiful suggestion, with a sketch be it never so masterly ;  the narrative must illustrate a principle, the picture, a fact. It is not 72  A Few Notes upon Mr. James not yet ours to realise how the most exquisite in life are just those passing emotions, those elusive impressions which it behoves the  artist to go seeking, over them so cunningly to cast his net of  words or colour as to preserve the rapture of that emotion, that  impression, for the delight of mankind for ever. We are too apt  to regard the short story as the cartoon for a possible novel,  whereas any elaboration of it is as thankless a process as the  development of a fresco from an easel-painting. The treatment,  the pigment, the medium, the palette are other from the very  beginning. The rugged outline, which adds vigour to the fresco, could not be tolerated on canvas, the gem-like tones of the easel-  painting would look blurred if transferred to the wall. Mr. James's  pictures must be on the line ; sky them, and it is not worth while  to crane our necks for the modicum of pleasure they can afford.  He has indeed written several books in the form of novels, but his  method is too analytical, and we enjoy the stories much in the  way we enjoy travelling over a picture with a microscope. We  can detect no fault of technique; on the contrary, each movement  of the glass reveals some new beauty, some wonder of skill ; but  we are conscious all the while that, as a whole, the work is a failure. The " American " is an example of this. The charac-  terisation is masterly, the observation unerring, and yet Newman's  passion carries no conviction with it, although the story treats of  its dawn, its noon, its setting. Distinction, of all qualities the one most rare in young writer's,  brought Mr. James's work instant recognition, and his personality  was from the very so clearly stamped upon his writing that  it is nowhere more marked than in a story printed as early as  1871 : "A Passionate Pilgrim." Not only does every page  reveal him as "enamoured of literary form," (we quote from "The Middle Years,") but also as full of love, both for his own countrymen By Lena Milman  73 countrymen and for England--a love none the less real because so undemonstrative that superficial observers describe him as cosmo-  politan. In one so guiltless of Chauvinism as Mr. James, it is  surely not a little charming to find how rarely the exigencies of  narrative induce him to portray his own country-people in a light  altogether unamiable. Her innocence, her untimely death, forbid  us to think lightly even of that type of frivolity, Miss Annie P.  Miller ; and of all Mr. James's portraits of women, surely the most  lovable is that of Euphemia Cleve, afterwards " Madame de  Mauves." So great, indeed, is his love for England, his appreci- ation of things English, that he would fain persuade himself that  it is shared by his countrymen in general : "The latent preparedness of the American mind for even the  most characteristic features of English life is a fact I never have  got to the bottom of. The roots of it are so deeply buried in the  soil of our early culture, that without some great upheaval of  experience it would be hard to say when and where and how it  begins. It makes an American's enjoyment of England an  emotion more intimate, as the French say, than his enjoyment, for  instance, of Italy or Spain." With a delightful style, a facile invention, a wide culture, what  writer could be better equipped than Mr. James ? Alas, that he must write for a generation upon whom two at  least of these qualities are as though they were not ! Alas, that it  should be the concurrence of illiterate opinion, (an opinion often  then most illiterate when most elegantly uttered,) that constitutes  popularity ! The select multitude that surges up Belgravian stair-  cases, that larger one that spends its holidays among the bowers of  Rosherville, agree in preferring "Claudian" to "Hamlet," Mr.  Jerome's humour to Elia's, Mr. Ellis Roberts's adaptations to  Mr. Watts' portraits. There are certain elementary emotions, there 74  A Few Notes upon Mr. James there are certain melodramatic situations, of which they never  tire ; and a writer who prefers to tell of subtle emotions, of  bloodless situations, whose reputation, moreover, does not chiefly  rest upon one of those respectable monuments of British in- dustry, novels in three volumes, will never see his works stacked  high upon the bookstalls. If, like Mr. James, he is further  hampered by a tender literary conscience, which makes him  reverent and temperate in the use of words, which hinders him  from writing even daintily of things foul, it will go even harder  with him, since he cannot hope for a place on that index which has  made so many reputations in the marring. "  La qualité la plus rare chez la femme, " says Balzac, "  c'est une certaine gaieté qui n'altère point la tendresse, " and surely the rarity  may be predicated of other than women, of whole communities  indeed. To steer between the Scylla of flippancy on the one  hand, and the Charybdis of sentimentality on the other, is given to but few. It is such a perfection of taste, as one would  expect an ancient civilization to produce ; and, lo ! an example  of it, a very apostle of form, comes to us over the Atlantic,  beyond whose wave the forefathers of his race sought immunity  from form, civil and religious. II It is as difficult to express the charm of an individual style in  words other than the author's own as to convey that of music  without a snatch of illustrative melody ; and this is especially true  of a style which, like that of Mr. James, expresses an exquisite  sense of fitness rather than a musical ear. It is not that his  epigram is ever discordant, but rather that his system of short,  closed sentences does not lend itself to flowing cadence. He By Lena Milman  75 He is the least self-conscious of writers, but surely when, in  "The Middle Years," he describes Duncombe as "a passionate  corrector, a fingerer of style," he lets slip an autobiographical detail ;  and, indeed, supposing all other sources of information to be  closed to us, we might construct a tolerably correct biography of  Mr. James from the evidence of his works. We might detect,  for instance, his American birth and education in his idiom, his  Celtic blood in his satire, his sympathy with English convention in his dainty morality, his intimate knowledge of French in his  lapses of Gallicism. With provincial France, indeed, where the poplars twinkle  beside the white ways, he is as familiar as are but two of our  English writers, Miss Thackeray and Mr. Wedmore ; and with  Paris too he is acquainted, not only in those her obvious aspects  which opulent but illiterate youth can learn superficially in a week  or so, but also as the Paris beyond Seine that lounges in the shade  of the Luxembourg chestnut-trees, that saunters through the book-  lined arcades of the Odéon, that hides its dignity in the bastion-  like palaces of the Faubourg Saint Germain ; the Paris that dis- plays its wealth in the Parc Monceaux, that flaunts its poverty on the Buttes Chaumont. Occasionally Mr. James's unremitting warfare against the  Obvious, whether of epithet or of incident, has misled him into  artificiality. He should remember that whereas the Obvious in  life is always the most easily attainable, in art, convention has so  fenced it round as to place it almost out of reach, and that some- times startling effect is best produced by perfect simplicity of  phrase. We cannot recall any passage in Mr James's stories as  poignant as poor wandering Clifford's cry in the " House of the  Seven Gables " : " I want my happiness ! Many, many years have I waited for it! 76  A Few Notes upon Mr. James it ! It is late ! it is late ! I want my happiness." And yet  Hawthorne worked within far narrower limits than does the author  of " Washington Square." Mr. James's descriptive passages are as vividly impressionist as his characters are subtly analytical, and it is perhaps for this reason that they best exhibit the charm of his style. It is no mere word-  painting. This cant-phrase but ill expresses the magic of words  able to convey not merely colour but the scent and sound and  movement which, welded together, form one idea. Who that  knows Paris will not testify to the accuracy of observation  displayed in this description of a characteristic scene at the  Comédie Franҫaise ? " The foyer was not crowded ; only a dozen groups were  scattered over the polished floor, several others having passed out  to the balcony which overhangs the square of the Palais Royal.  The windows were open, the brilliant lights of Paris made the  dull summer evening look like an anniversary or a revolution ; a  murmur of voices seemed to come up from the streets, and even in  the foyer one heard the slow click of the horses and the rumble  of the crookedly-driven fiacres on the hard, smooth asphalt." But Mr. James has another manner, of which the following is a  sample. Surely Gautier himself never wrote more gracefully of  travel : " In so far as beauty of structure is beauty of line and curve,  balance and harmony of masses and dimensions, I have seldom  relished it as deeply as on the grassy nave of some crumbling  church, before lonely columns and empty windows, where the  wild flowers were a cornice and the sailing clouds a roof. The  arts certainly have a common element. These hoary relics of Glastonbury reminded me in their broken eloquence of one of the  other great ruins of the world--the Last Supper of Leonardo. A beautiful By Lena Milman  77 beautiful shadow, in each case, is all that remains ; but that shadow is the artist's thought." III In one of Mr. James's earlier stories we read of a young German  who has heard of the population of the United States as being "a  highly humorous people." The author may or may not concur  in this opinion, but certainly his own vein of humour is as far  removed as possible from that usually regarded as typically  American, and it may be that, in crediting his countrymen with  an exclusive appreciation for the exaggerated burlesque of their  most popular writers, we do them the same injustice they do us who conceive of our being moved to mirth by that humour known  as the " New." Mr. James's humour is like Miss Austen's, in being so entirely a  part of the texture that it is almost as difficult to detach an  illustrative fragment as to cut a pattern from one of those fabrics  which we are advised to "see in the piece." And, spite of what  we have said of his being chiefly successful as a short-story writer,  it is perhaps in one of his shorter novels, " Washington Square,"  that his humour is best exemplified. The character indeed of  Aunt Penniman, always advising, but always ill-advised, is worthy  a place beside the immortal aunts who watched over Maggie Tulliver and the thrifty Aunt Norris of " Mansfield Park."  We read of Aunt Penniman that " Her manners were strange and  formidable, and her mourning robes--she dressed in black for  twenty years after her husband's death, and then suddenly appeared  one morning with pink roses in her cap--were complicated in odd,  unexpected places with buckles, bugles, and pins, which discouraged familiarity. 78  A Few Notes upon Mr. James familiarity. She took children too hard both for good and evil,  and had an oppressive air of expecting subtle things of them, so  that going to see her was a good deal like being taken to church  and made to sit in a front pew." But Mrs. Penniman was as romantic as she was inaccurate ("it  must be delightful," she said, "to think of those who love us  among the ruins of the Pantheon"), and it needed but the  attentions of an heiress-hunting young man to convert the poor  little heroine of the story, weak at every point save her affections,  unattractive, ungifted, into a heroine of romance in her aunt's eyes,  the father's opposition only making the situation more dramatic,  and--"Mrs. Penniman's real hope was that the girl would make  a secret marriage, at which she should officiate as brideswoman or  duenna. She had a vision of this ceremony being performed in  some subterranean chapel--subterranean chapels in New York were not frequent, but Mrs. Penniman's imagination was not  chilled by trifles--and of the guilty couple--she liked to think of  poor Catherine and her suitor as the guilty couple--being shuffled  away in a fast whirling vehicle to some obscure lodging in the  suburbs, where she would pay them (in a thick veil) clandestine  visits, where they would endure a period of romantic privation,  and where ultimately, after she should have been their earthly  providence, their intercessor, their advocate, and their medium of  communication with the world, they should be reconciled to her  brother in an artistic tableau, in which she herself should be, some-  how, the central figure." But apart from the context, deprived of the contrast afforded  her by the matter-of-fact sincerity of her niece, the dry perspicuity  of her brother, Aunt Penniman's figure cannot be made to stand  as firmly as in the novel. Indeed, humour is so volatile a thing, the perception of it requires so delicate a sensibility, that the mood cannot By Lena Milman  79 cannot be maintained, except by that transition from grave to gay,  from gay to grave, which is the whole art of the story-teller as of  the dramatist. The peculiar humour whose sparks are struck by the clash of  nationalities in European hotels and  pensions  has surely never been  so deftly distilled as in the " Bundle of Letters." Miss Miranda Hope, of Bangor, Maine, " decorated all over with beads and  bracelets and embroidered dandelions," whose travelling " for  general culture" obliges her to go to a Paris theatre unattended,  and who there sees "plenty of other ladies alone (mostly French);"  the aesthetic youth from Boston, who talks of a real "Corot Day,"  and who paints " for the knowledge that leaves a trace--that  leaves strange scars and stains and reveries behind it;" the English  girl who describes the landlady as "  exceedingly foreign ;  " the land-  lady's cousin, who enjoys free board and lodging so long as he  keeps "an eye on the grammatical eccentricities of the  pension- naires " are all equally typical, and yet none of them lack that  touch which makes them human as well as humorous. To sustain humour as long as he is in the mood, without once  lapsing into caricature--this is what Mr. James has essayed to do,  and has done admirably. IV There is another side to Mr. James's genius--a side of whose  existence they never reck who are content to know him merely as  the social satirist of "Daisy Miller" and "A Bundle of Letters" --a side which links him with his great compatriots Poe and  Hawthorne--a way, namely, of setting his characters in an atmo-  sphere of the supernatural with so admirable a skill as never by  over-statement to impel the reader to scepticism. The little story, 80  A Few Notes upon Mr. James story, "Sir Edmund Orme," is an example of this. The ghost of  Sir Edmund is invisible to all but two persons, and all that these  two have in common is a great love for one woman--a love so  great that, as we read, it seems almost natural that it should suffice  to rarefy mortal sense and extend its range beyond things of  matter. There is something, too, of this mystical element in  "The Madonna of the Future," although here the question is not  of the dead appearing, but of one whose gaze is so constantly fixed  upon the ideal that the real becomes a shadow. It is the story of  Don Quixote over again, but, in place of the knight, we have Theobald, the poor artist, in place of Dulcinea, his model Sera-  fina, whose virtue, whose beauty is as imaginary as was that of her  Spanish prototype. The scene is laid in the Florence of to-day--  that Florence whose hotel windows look out upon Arno's bank,  where Dante's gaze lit upon Beatrice, where the shrine of  Our Lady of the Flower is thronged by a cosmopolitan crowd  who refuse her homage. And upon this background, mediaeval in  outline but modern in every detail, the little wan figure of the  artist stands out, imaginary no doubt as an individual, but typical  of how much pathos, of how much high endeavour ! There are some to whom Quixote himself is merely a caricature ; there are  others to whom he recalls a singleness of aim, a tender sensibility,  an undaunted courage which was once theirs. They are wiser  now : they have seen how ridiculous is vain effort, how contempt- ible a figure he cuts who sets himself a task beyond his strength,  and yet . . . But in this vein Mr. James has never done better  than in the "Altar of the Dead." The many will never so much  as read it--the many who can only read stories which they can  imagine of the "people over the way ;" but to the few who grieve  when the Master is content to do merely well what he can do exquisitely, this last story comes as a pledge of yet further possi- bilities, By Lena Milman  81 bilities, a promise of further progress towards perfection. It tells  of one who "had entered that dark defile of our earthly descent in  which some one dies every day"--one, the keynote of whose  nature was constancy--one who could forgive all except betrayal.  So, in the recesses of his heart, he reared an altar to the memory  of "the Others," as he called the dead. For a time this sufficed,  but one day he chanced to enter "a temple of the old persuasion,"  and the idea struck him of dedicating a material altar to those  with whose memory he would some day link his own. So it came  to be a great joy to him to see the faithful participating in his  devotion for the Others, although none but he knew what souls  they were in memory of whose mortal life the tapers burned, the  flowers bloomed. Soon his altar boasted a devotee even more constant than himself--a woman came to kneel there whose  devotion to the others was more absorbing than his. The altar  grew more and more radiant as the founder's friends grew fewer ;  the woman still came to kneel there, and one day the founder  learned that her thoughts were all of One, and that One the only  friend of his who, proving false, had never been commemorated by  flower or taper. V Again and again does Mr. James recur to the fatal effect of  importunate society upon talent, an effect not always the less  fatal when the claims of society are tempered by those of  domesticity. Neil Paraday, " the Lion," is hustled to his grave  by interviewers and ladies eager for prey as any Tartarin ; Henry  St. George, " the Master," squanders his talent by writing for  money with which to meet his wife's housekeeping expenses and  his boys' school-bills ; Mark Ambient, " the author of 'Bel- traffio,'" 82 A Few Notes upon Mr. James traffio,'" lives to see his wife prefer their only child should die  rather than live to read his father's works. This last story, by  the way, is one of those in which the author has so far stepped  aside to avoid the Obvious as to stray into the Abnormal.  But be the stories what they may (and to our thinking two of  them are among Mr. James's best), they have afforded the author  so many incidental opportunities for self-revelation as to be ex-  ceptionally interesting to the student of his work. Listen for instance to Mark Ambient's address to his young disciple : "Polishing one's plate--that is, the torment of execution, the  effort to arrive at a surface--if you think a surface necessary--  some people don't, happily for them ! My dear fellow, if you  could see the surface I dream of-- as compared with the one with  which I have to content myself. Life is really too short for art --one hasn't time to make one's shell ideally hard. Firm and  bright--firm and bright !--the devilish thing has a way some-  times of being bright without being firm . . . . there are horrible  little flabby spots where I have taken the second-best word,  because I couldn't for the life of me think of the best." Flaubert lay awake, the guilt of a double genitive lying heavy  upon his conscience. We can imagine Mr. James haunted by the  fear of an epithet misplaced. For to this longing for perfection of  form, there is also constant reference in " The Lesson of the  Master." " The sense of having done the best," says St. George,  " the sense which is the real life of the artist and the absence of  which is his death, of having drawn from his intellectual in-  strument the finest music that nature had hidden in it, of having  played it as it should be played." " In every son of woman," says Mr. James, in one of his  early stories, " there are two men--the practical man and the  dreamer. We live for our dreams--but meanwhile we live by our By Lena Milman  83 our wits. When the dreamer is a poet, the other fellow is an  artist." English restricts the title of poet to writers of verse, but what  is poetry but a fusion of life with dream, of dream with life ?  And is not he who can supply the requisite heat a poet, be  his emotion expressed in stone or chord, colour or spoken  words ? "The thing is to have made somebody care," says Duncombe,  in " The Middle Years." There are many on either side of the  Atlantic to tell Mr. James that he has succeeded at least in  this. The Truce of the Bishop By   Harold Frederic I A PALLID and starved sunlight looked upon the shore-land, and  mocked it, because, now, in the fall of the harvest, there  was no yield of any kind for the blade, or any reaper to seek it.  On all the four fair ploughlands of the lords of Dunbeekin, stretch- ing along the smooth valley of the bay, and pushing inward over  gently lifting slopes to the furze-lined granite barrier of Gabriel,  no ditch stood unbroken : the fields lay naked and blackened by  fire. The tall keep watched the deserted water with sightless eyes, through which the daylight shone from wall across to wall, and at its feet the crouching huts of its people were thatchless. It was  the desolation of conquest. The conquered were dead, or in  hiding among the hills. The spoilers, their havoc wrought, had  turned and gone away, with famine spreading wave-like at their  heels. Far up on the flank of the mountain there fell the distant  lowing boom of a bittern. Some cattle, lost in the waste of  thicket at a further height, answered this call as if it came from  their kind. Three men, sprawled on their bellies in a grassy crevice between the By Harold Frederic  85 the boulders, had been peering downward upon the picture of  ruin below. They glanced at one another now, with a flash of  comprehension. A little wiser than their kine, they knew that  the bittern cried only in the breeding spring-time, and this was the  tenth month of the year. One of them echoed the sound, and  when it was repeated, coming nearer, the three dragged them- selves to their feet, and, stealing upward, stood forth on a ledge  of rock in plain view. There climbed towards them presently another, a lean and agile man, whose bare legs brushed through  the spikes of furze and heather as if they were cased in hide, and  whose naked soles missed no footing on the stones as he bounded  from boulder to crag. He stood panting before them, and without speech turned to  survey the prospect spread beneath, till his breath could be overtaken.  Looking thus, his rover eye caught something the others had already  seen--a small barque, with full sails limply hanging on the still  air, down in the misty distance where the great sea ends and  Dunmanus begins. He pointed to it, and nodded his head. " It is to Turlogh, son of Fineen, I will be hastening now," he  said, with abruptness. " Show me the way." As the group turned, the foremost of them lifted his head and  halted. " It is Turlogh who comes to you," he said. A few paces away, on the crown of the cliff, stood a man to  whom all four bent their heads. He regarded them with an eye  which asked them questions, yet shrank from hearing these if they  were to be not to his mind ; and they, knowing this well, held  their peace, and looked about them at their ease. The Lord of Dunbeekin was an old man now, tall and slender  of frame, with much grey hair flowing upon his rounded shoulders.  His apparel of quilted jacket and cloak and tunic falling to the The Yellow Book--Vol. VII.  F mid-thigh, 86  The Truce of the Bishop mid-thigh, were of fine cloth, but stained and torn by exposure in  these rude times that had befallen him. The face he bent upon  his tribesmen was long and thin, and marked with many lines.  They were skilled from years of use to see in this wrinkled  countenance sometimes the cunning of a fox, sometimes the  wistful enquiry of a puzzled child ; and they never feared him,  and would always die for him, and understood when they heard  men call him Turlogh of the Two Minds. " I heard the bull of the bog," he said, giving the bittern its  old name among the people. " It was good to the ears." His  voice was grave and lingering. Goron the messenger nodded again. He saw that Turlogh  had noted the strange craft entering the bay, and waited for a  little more to be questioned. Then he motioned to the others  to leave him alone with his chief, and as they moved away he  clambered up on the rock. " O'Mahony, there will be no help coming at all," he said.  "Young Donogh, son of Murtogh, will not stir from Dunlogher,  for the reason that he is watching the O'Driscolls of the island,  to take a prey of cattle from them at the change of the moon.  The strong houses of Dunmanus and Ballydivlin and Leamcon  are like Dunbeekin there, with the sunlight shining through their  windows, and their people are dispersed and have no footing in their country." "And Conogher of the Cross, in Ardintenant, the head of our  sept, the venerable and holy man ? " asked Turlogh, with a  bitter little jest in his tone. " And Teige of Rosbrin, whom I  saved from the MacCarthy, and from his own brother ? " Goron shook his head. "The English lie between you and them. They will not be lifting their short finger for us." "They By Harold Frederic  87 " They will be making peace with the English ? " the chief demanded. " They will be keeping their tongues behind their teeth," said the other briefly. It was Turlogh's turn to nod comprehension. " So it will be the end, then ! " he said, musing aloud. " We  have been true to God, and He will not restrain the hand of our  heretic enemies. I have been all my days loyal to my family ; I  have withheld nothing in their service; I have made my Dun- beekin a tower of refuge for all my kinsmen when troubles  assailed them, and when their own fathers and brothers sought their  lives--and now you do be seeing their gratitude. You have it  from me, Goron, son of Tiarnan, there is not in Heaven nor on  earth any thankfulness for good deeds rendered." Goron looked into his lord's sad old face and smiled. In stature  and girth he might have been Turlogh's twin, but his garments  were of the coarsest, and his skin was burnt and tanned by the  life of a low-born man. His face, lean and pointed like the other's,  was shrewd and bluntly single-minded. He stood well enough  with his chief, these many years, to speak in freedom. " I know only what I am told about Heaven," he replied, " but  the earth I observe with my own eyes. Men will get nothing  here but what they can take with their right arm. You have  made no one afraid of you, Turlogh, son of Fineen. You have  belonged to no man's party, and marched with him to spoil and  waste all others. You speak the truth that your cousins found refuge in Dunbeekin from the wrath of .their fathers. But it was  true as well that these fathers would be coming next year to be  protected from the fury of their sons. Your walls were a strong  shelter for them both, in their day of need, but they left when it  was safe to do so without thanks to you in their hearts. They have 88  The Truce of the Bishop have their own troubles now to weigh them down, but if they  had not-- then all the same you would not be seeing the colour of  their blood. And, moreover--there are the books." The old chief laughed--a mirthless and melancholy laugh. " They have the right of it," he said, sighing. " They speak  the true word--my father should have made a monk of me. I am  not a fit master of my people. I have never desolated any man's  country, or put out his eyes, or held him sleepless for a single  night with terror of me. That is very bad for me. My cousins  have only contempt for one who reads in books, and does not  be riding out to sack some neighbour's castle, and drive his herds  away. Their bards do well to make verses about my bloodless hands." He held out these hands, still unwithered by years, and  white and shapely, and viewed them with a gloomy smile. "If  they were stained red, my kinsmen would know me for a true  O'Mahony--a true son of the People of the Bridge. What will  you be thinking, Goron ? It will be too late for me to begin  now ? " Goron's eyes sparkled. "If my counsel is asked," he said, promptly, "your people  would leap for joy to have one good fight before they die."  Turlogh's face clouded with doubt. " Poor souls. What would they be doing in a battle ? I have  made them a mock and a byeword in Carbery, Goron. I have  taught them to till the land, and take fish from the sea, and make  nets and build ditches ; and these things they do very well. And  if there were some of a warlike nature, with weapons to guard the  bawns, all these my brother Donal has drawn with him to the  army of the Earl. You yourself were of those who advised to quit Dunbeekin before the English came in sight, and bring hither the  women and children and cattle into a place of safety. You spoke no By Harold Frederic  89 no word of resistance when we lay here that night, and looked  down, and saw the thatches flame up like torches, and the fire roll  through the fields of corn. It was not in your mind to fight  then. We saw the black forms of these English against the  furnace they made of our corn and our roofs, and we were glad to  be at this distance. And why should we be talking otherwise  now ? " If his companion had some answer ready, Turlogh did not wait  for it. A lifting breath of air had filled the sails of the strange  vessel, and brought it along up the bay until now it hung in  view close to the opposite shore of Muinteravoira. The sight  raised new thoughts in the chief's mind. "Will that be English, too ? " he wondered, aloud. Goron had forgotten this part of his tidings. " It is a ship from some unknown land," he explained. " I  hailed it from the rocks beyond Dunlogher at daybreak. It is a  sort of holy miracle, O'Mahony. Our Lord Bishop is in that  ship, coming all the way from his pilgrimage to the True Cross.  Two years gone he is, and we not knowing if he was alive, and  foe returning to us with grand relics and a train of priests. 'Twas  with one of them I spoke--a young man walking the deck and reading his prayers. I cried to the blackamoor at the helm to  beware the sunken rocks at the headland, and waved my arms to  force my meaning on him ; but the priest had the Irish, and  called out to me that it was God's ship, with a Bishop in it, and  holy relics beside, and no harm could come to it or them. But he  told the helmsman, none the less, and the ship's course was laid off." Turlogh stared at him. "Is it your meaning that  our  Bishop, Laurence Malmoon  ( Luirint Maol-Mughain ), son of Ivar, will be in that ship?" he demanded. " No 90  The Truce of the Bishop " No other," answered Goron. " But what land will he be making ? " pursued the chief,  knitting his brows in perplexity as he watched the craft drifting  inland. " There is no foothold for him in all Muinteravoira." "'Tis not Muinteravoira, or any land of the Dalys or Sullivans,  he will be touching. His Lordship will be coming to you. The  priest gave me that word." The Lord of Dunbeekin bent a stern, searching gaze upon his  man. " I will not think you have a trap laid for me, Goron  shuileach ,"  he said, gravely. " You will not think it, O'Mahony," responded the other, with  proud candour. " It would put too much shame upon you, and  upon me also, to think that evil thought." " I will ask your forgiveness," said Turlogh, hastily. " There  is no sleep for me, here in the rocks, and I am very tired. Come  with me now, to the place where my people are gathered." The pale sunlight had lost itself before this in the veil of misty  haze drawn over the sky above the line of the distant western  peaks. The mountain-side lay in the shadowless, tranquil ap- proaches of twilight ; silent for a long time, save that from point  to point, along its vast terraced expanse of cliffs and moorland,  there rose at intervals the trumpeting of an ox-horn--flat, yet  sonorous. Sounds of rustling through the heather and scrub-furze  began to make themselves heard. Then came louder and more  confident noises, the shouting of men above the rest. The  stars, twinkling forth through the smoky residue  of sunset, saw a long cavalcade descending by a tortuous broken  path the rough face of Gabriel. They came on down through  the growing darkness--bareheaded men, wild-faced and savage of  attire, leading horses laden with household goods ; boys and youths, of By Harold Frederic  91 of unkempt, barbarous aspect, herding droves of swift-footed little  black cattle along the narrow defiles ; tall women, wholly muffled  from view in huge hooded cloaks of black or scarlet, bearing  burdens upon their heads, and dragging forward children by the  hands ; then more horses and cattle, moving under high bundles  of mountain grass and bracken freshly cut, and, at the tail, a score  or more of straggling men, with quilted jackets, and pikes upon  their shoulders. In front of all walked Turlogh, with his doctor and his chaplain  at his side. The last vague glimmer of daylight in the evening  air fell upon these three, as they felt the burnt stubble of the  nearest field under their sandalled feet, and saw the black bulk of  Dunbeekin loom close before them. There was doubt on the  faces of the priest and the leech, but old Turlogh threw his head  back, and looked into the dusky finish of the day with a smile at  his lips and a resolute eye. II Hours later, in the shine of the harvest moon, the Lord of  Dunbeekin stood upon the strand with a moiety of his people, and  saw others of his men, wading waist-deep in the whitened waters,  bear towards him in their arms his great guest, the Bishop. Already there had come to land, by means of the little boat,  some dozen priests and servants. These latter, subtle-faced and  proud like all menials of the tonsured folk, held aloof in silence.  Two of the younger priests, with the tails of their drenched gowns  under their arms, stood at Turlogh's side, and spoke to him in  whispers of strange matters. The Bishop, they said, was in the  grasp of a mortal sickness. Nothing but the holy relics he brought 92  The Truce of the Bishop brought with him from Syria had availed to serve his iron will,  and keep him alive to touch Irish land under his feet one more.  These priests had learned something in Spain, and more here  along their native coast in the past day, of the grievous burden of  woe and spoliation which had been laid upon Munster. They  gathered new knowledge now from Turlogh's saddened answers  to their queries. All things westward from Cork had been put to the torch and sword. The English had passed over the land  like a pestilence. The shadow they cast was death. Where  were the English now? Ah, who should say? Somewhere  across the hills. No one from Dunbeekin had followed them.  It was not credible that they should return to the desert they had  made. " We moved away to the mountain-side," explained Turlogh.  " They plundered and burned what we left behind. They are  distant many miles now, and we have come to our own place  again, to welcome our Lord Bishop. It is a sad thing that he  would not be visiting me in the days of my strength and well-  being. Now, when at last he comes, we are in ruins, and scarcely the poorest honours can be paid him. No man of our race was a  bishop before him. Here in Dunbeekin we would have lighted  his path with fires, and drained the sea for an offering of its  treasures to him. But he would never come to me. He turned  always instead to my cousin Conogher, the great man in the  White Castle, the head of our tribe, the Chief of the Pilgrimage.  We took grief to us because of that. And here now, at the end, he comes to my gate, and I am in a hard plight, and cannot  receive him according to his high merits, and he, you say, is sick  unto death. I crave of his charity that he will think no evil  of our poverty and belittled powers." The chief gave a rueful little  laugh. "For the matter of that," he added, "we have each had our By Harold Frederic  93 our day. We are both poor men together. If my castle has been  broken, his abbey has no two stones resting one upon another. He  does well to come to me. We stood a long league apart in our good  days. We can sleep back to belly now, under the common cloak  of calamity. They would hang us together, on one limb of a tree,  those heretic English wolves." The more forward of the two priests held up a finger. " He  knows nothing of it all," he murmured. "We have held it from  him. No man of us dared to utter the smallest word of it to him.  It is you who must tell him. You are his kinsman, and he will  take it from you. He is a cold man with his priests, but he is  warm to his own blood." Turlogh laughed, then stared with round eyes at the speaker, and laughed again. " He has no knowledge of it all, you say ? " " Since we set sail with the Genoese captain in Rogation week,  from Cyprus, he has heard no word about Ireland. He has too  proud a stomach for bad tidings, and no other came to us at any  halting-place." Four men, dripping out of the salt water, stood before Turlogh  now, as he would have spoken further. They bent and drew  short breaths under the stress of what they bore in their arms--a  swollen, black-swathed bulk, shapeless as a sack of corn. Turlogh  gazed at it in the deep shadows thrown by the men on the moon-  side, and was in doubt. Then outlines shaped themselves, and  he saw the gross, unwieldy figure of a short man grown unduly  fat, with cowled head tipped forward to hide the face. In its hands this shrouded form held a small casket, laid with gold and  precious stones. The faint glimmer of these in the moonlight led  his eye to a blaze, as of a planet in the obscurity, emitted by a jewel  at the side of the box. The 94  The Truce of the Bishop The Lord of Dunbeekin crossed himself, and, kneeling on the  wet sand, kissed the ring of his Bishop. Slowly, as he rose to his feet, the sunken head was lifted, and  he saw in the frame of the hood a mask of pallid, lifeless flesh,  bloated beyond human semblance. He shuddered as he gazed,  and found two strenuous eyes peering into his out of this monstrous  visage. " Such as my poor Dunbeekin is, my lord," he said, wonderingly,  " it puts itself with pride under your feet." " Its name shall be exalted above all others," said the Bishop.  The voice came steady and clear-toned, as if informed by a spirit  which carnal decay could not shake. "It is privileged to hold  for a night the most priceless and inestimable of earth's treasures --the piece of the True Cross which I bear in my unworthy  hands." He pushed the casket forward into the moonlight. Turlogh knelt again, and with him every man on the  strand. The priests in the Bishop's train gave the signal for rising.  They looked up toward the keep, where passing lights in the  windows bespoke a flutter of preparation. They yawned and  moved their feet, like weary men impatient for food and sleep.  Turlogh placed himself by the side of the litter-men, still bearing  the Bishop in their arms, and with them led the way. " Some small affection of the blood," said the Bishop, as he was  borne along up the path, " distorts and enfeebles my members for  the moment. When I have placed this holy relic fittingly upon  my high altar in Rosscarbery, and given orders for a shrine for it  to my chief builders and artificers, I will make a penitential  journey to St. Declan's, in sainted Ardmore, and drink from his  well, and with his blessed intercession I shall come forth cleansed  and whole." Turlogh By Harold Frederic  95 Turlogh looked sidewise across his guest to the faces of the  priests behind. Their glances answered his with significance. " A fire has wrought some mischief in my house," he replied,  haltingly ; " I fear it is not all repaired as yet. It is the dry season  of the year, and the flames had their will. But I will be hoping  and praying that things are not so bad with me that your lordship  will be put to discomfort. And after the long voyage in the ship,  will you not be resting here two days, or three ? We are kinsmen,  my lord, and have grown to gray hairs without coming upon each  other, till this night, which I account the chief hour of my life.  And I will implore you to stay longer with me, Laurence, son of  Ivar." " At a future time, Turlogh, son of Fineen," returned the other.  "But I will be pressing forward to-morrow, with no delay. I  have been two years away from my See, and that is very long.  The affairs of the diocese rest anxiously upon me. I will ask you  to send a trusted man onward to-night, on your swiftest hobbie,  to find my Vicar-General at Rosscarbery, and bring him to meet  me to-morrow on the way, and render account of his stewardship.  And, moreover, I have with me day and night the great responsi-  bility of this peerless relic, this miracle of heavenly favour to us of  Ross. I cannot be idling on the road till that is suitably bestowed  in my cathedral. I will have you bear me company, Turlogh, son  of Fineen. You are by repute well known to me, and you are of  my blood. We O'Mahonys of Muskerry are better sons of the  Church, I fear, than you men here on the wild coast. Many evil  tales reach men's ears of deeds ill done here, in this rude Ivehagh.  But you yourself have borne always a name for piety and docility  and some little layman's learning. It was for this that I chose to  make my landing here, and let Dunbeekin shelter the blessed relic   of all in Ireland. Besides, there were strange ships to be seen off 96  The Truce of the Bishop off Crookhaven and the Cape, which in those lawless waters  might signify nothing friendly. Has the country been more quiet  and better ordered in these later times ? " " It has never been more undisturbed than at this moment,"  replied Turlogh, stealing another furtive glance backward at the  priests. They smiled grimly at him, and nodded their heads. The Bishop had closed his eyes, and his head drooped again  upon his breast. Thus he passed unheeding through the broken  postern, and saw nothing of the blackened havoc inside, where  once the pleasant grassy bawn had been. In the castle urgent shift had been made to render certain  lower rooms once more habitable. The Bishop, when the tired  men placed him upon the chair drawn forth with cushions by his  servants, lacked the will to look about him. Turlogh, standing  behind those who bore the lights, gazed, marvelling, at the huge  girth of the man, whose trunk strained to bursting the black robe  with purple buttons in which it was encased. The swollen face, hanging in the shadow, was more a death's head than ever. Still  he held the casket upon his knees. The priest signed to Turlogh  to go out, and he did so. When he sent his physician to them,  they more curtly bade him also to leave them. When the morrow came, no one in Dunbeekin found it strange  that the Bishop did not set forth on his journey. The most  simple had seen death writ large upon him. The story that he  knew nothing of the terrible devastation that had swept the land  bare, passed vaguely from mouth to mouth. It was not easy to  understand that so lofty and pious an ecclesiastic, standing at the  head of all men in the South for learning, should be in darkness in  this matter, which was known to the very horse-boys. They  dwelt curiously upon the thought of him--the high prelate  with the marvellous relic, coming to shattered and spoilt Dunbeekin to die, By Harold Frederic  97 die, and never seeing the ruin about him, never learning that his  cathedral was destroyed, his palace in ashes, his Vicar-General  hanged in the Bandon forest, his priests and people dispersed. It  was all very strange and troubling to the mind. After mid-day Turlogh went again, and the priests brought  him into the presence of the Bishop. Their faces had taken on a  new fright, and they spoke in scared whispers as they moved along  beside him. " We know not how to tell him," they said. " He does be  dying, and he will not listen. His confessor strove to speak to him  of his end, but he drove him out with harsh words. At any hour  the change may fall like a stroke upon him, and he not prepared !  The crime of it would be resting like a mountain on our souls." Turlogh would not promise to speak, but when he stood alone  before Laurence, son of Ivar, who still sat bolstered in his chair,  still with the jewelled casket on his shapeless knees, the courage  came to him. " My lord," he said, " you are not better. My physician has  no more than laid an eye on you, yet shakes his head and speaks  gravely. Will you not be having your chaplain come to you ? " The Bishop lifted his eyes, and they gazed sharply forth from  the dulled, misshapen visage at his host. Minutes of silence passed  thus. " These frocked cowards of mine," he said at last, " they will  have prompted you to this." " They see what all see," replied the other. " It is high time  for you to take thought of your peace with God, and gain your  victory for the example of lesser people." The Bishop's scrutiny of his kinsman's face was not relaxed,  but the little eyes seemed to twinkle now, and a fugitive smile  passed over the shaven, bloated jowl. " I will 98  The Truce of the Bishop " I will not suffer my priests to be dictating to me," he said.  " They have never dared give the law to me, living ; it is not for  them to be appointing a time for my death. I will choose my  own season and the hour that pleases me best. St. Kieran's  bones ! Am I less a Bishop than I was ? " Turlogh smiled a little in turn. " I would not be saying you  are less in any respect whatever," he replied. He stole a glance  over the other's unwieldy bulk to point his meaning, and the  Bishop laughed painfully. " You are more after my heart than the others," he sighed,  " and I come to you at the end, only for burial at your hands.  That is the way of life, Turlogh, son of Fineen, and the way of  death too. They speak a true word enough, these young men of  mine. I cannot be going any further. I know it well enough  that I shall die here in Dunbeekin. But it is not for them to  tell me so. I was Vicar-General for twenty years, and Lord  Bishop for eight, and no priest yet wagged his head before me, or  gave me the word what I was to do. They are not much, these  striplings of mine. They stand in good subjection to me, but  they have no invention in their minds. They would not be fit  to bury a bishop. It should be a great spectacle, with armed men  and fires and a blaze of jewels among the funeral hangings, and  the keening of trained women in companies, so that children  would remember it when they were palsied with old age. These  trivial boys I have with me are not capable of it. They would  not lay out the worth of ten cows on me. They have pure  hearts, but no proper sense of pageantry. Would  you  have been  seeing any great prelate buried ? " Turlogh shook his head. "But you have some learning," pursued the other. "It is  known to you from books what princes and chieftains have done before By Harold Frederic  99 before our time to honour Holy Church. All they did I will be  having done for me, and more too. Some bishops there were  who, in their last days, laid down their croziers and put on the  monk's habit, and died on the ashes in what they called humility.  I am not one to crawl into Heaven that way. I will be borne  across my diocese with pomp, and the clashing of spears and  shields about me ; and I will be entering Rosscarbery with my bells tolling and my priests chanting as they walk two by two, and  all the people wailing at the sides of the path--and kneeling, mind  you, as I pass on my way, with this great relic still in my hands.  And this is what you will do for me--and you will provide enter- tainment and good places for the bards, and those who write  chronicles in the abbeys, so that my fame may not suffer for the  want of a supper or a stool by the fire, and you will administer  my will and my estate as I devise. I ask you to promise me  these things, Turlogh, son of Fineen, and you will swear it with your hand on this casket." The old chief's eyes shone with a prompt and welcome resolve.  He laid his hand, above the Bishop's, on the casing of the relic,  and, kneeling to kiss the ring again, swore his oath. "Send to me now my people," the prelate said, closing his eyes  in weariness. To the priests who came when his host had departed he gave  commands. His ordo  should be brought to him, and parchment or paper for writing, and pens and ink, and thereafter no one of  them, nor anybody save his oldest body-servant, should enter the  room for the space of three days. When they told him, perforce,  that the fire in the castle had swept away all writing materials, he  fell into a rage, until they made shift with quills fresh cut from a  fowl dead in the bawn, and with a violet dye of wild-cress com-  pounded by the herb-doctor. Then they left him alone with his  ordo . For 100  The Truce of the Bishop For three days he sat in solitude, and all were forbidden his  presence. The old servant knew naught save that he wrote for  ever on the margins of his book, slowly and with sorry travail.  He touched no food or drink in that time, and at night, still  stretched half-seated in his chair, with the casket upon his  knees, he slumbered fitfully, eager always for the daylight and his  writing again. All Dunbeekin heard of these things, and dwelt in thought on  nothing else. It was in no man's mind to set one stone on  another in repair of the ruin the English had wrought. No net  was put into the bay, and the women lifted not a finger to the  task of making curds and white meats. Cattle were killed, and  their flesh seethed in new milk, for food ; but no cake was baked.  The strong meat put a stormy heart into the men. They ground their spear-heads and javelins upon the stones, and cut from the  green hides of the slain cattle new covers, soaked and stretched in  sea-brine, for their round shields. When they looked one into  another's face, a flash of expectant eyes passed, like a beam of sun- light on a skene. Their words were few, though, for the Bishop  had a great name in all Carbery, and the shadow of his passing laid  a spell upon their tongues. On the  day, a little after sunrise, a commotion stirred  among the priests and the strangers of the prelate's household.  The chaplain had been summoned to the room of death, and the  Bishop was making his confession. Then doors were opened,  and Turlogh with those nearest him went in, until the chamber  was filled, and the passage thronged with men lifting themselves  on their toes to know what was to happen. The Bishop, still in his chair, stared out of his eyes helplessly,  and drew breaths which fought their way in and out of his vast  girth of trunk. The mask which was his face was ashen-gray. The By Harold Frederic  101 The casket had been lifted from his knees, and a priest held it  beside him, so that his ringed hand might lie upon it. The  physician, bending on the other side, offered to loosen the robe  drawn with oppressive tightness across his breast. The Bishop snarled an inarticulate dissent, and strove to lift  his free hand. " Not any button ! " he murmured, thickly. " I abate no atom  of my dignity. I will be dying with my robe seemingly disposed." His eyes mounted above the pain to look at Turlogh. " In my  ordo ," he gasped out, laboriously " all directions are  there. You will observe the least of them ! " The Lord of Dunbeekin bowed, and made to take the book  from the hand of the priest who held it. The Bishop interposed  with a hoarse call, and strove to shake his head. Those closest  round about gazed wonderingly into his troubled frowning face to  catch a hint of his meaning. The chaplain, bearing the viaticum,  stooped forward to listen for some whispered words. "Open the book!" the slow, difficult command came. " Search the rubric. Read aloud to me in what manner a Bishop  receives the viaticum ! " The priest with the book fumbled at its pages. He turned pale  as he did so, and cast a confused, appealing glance at the chaplain.  He went on, moving the leaves aimlessly, with a hanging lip. " Read, read ! " insisted the Bishop in stern monition. The priest had the passage before him. He was a young man,  soft-faced and gentle of mien. The tears started in his eyes, and  his mouth quivered as he remained speechless. The Bishop sought to rise in his chair. His lifeless face drew  itself into lines of wrath ; his eyes gleamed, and his voice gurgled  turbulently in his throat for a moment, then burst forth in loud,  unnatural tones. The Yellow Book--Vol. VII.  G "Shrine 102  The Truce of the Bishop " Shrine of Fachnan ! Will you not be reading ? Read aloud  the words ! In precisely what manner will a Bishop, in the hour  of death, receive the body of our Lord ? I command you to  read it ! " In terror-stricken lispings the priest mumbled from the book  shaking under his eyes that the Bishop should kneel to receive  the Host. Laurence, son of Ivar, raised his arms a little. " Lift me then to my knees," he ordered them, with authority.  They cried out at him in frightened entreaty : " For Christ's sake ! " the chaplain, foremost among them,  pleaded. "You cannot kneel, my lord ! I implore you ! I have  the power--I omit the kneeling." The Bishop bent his brows angrily upon his confessor, and shook  his arms upward again with an imperious gesture. " You have power, have you ! " he called out in truculent  scorn. "You will be giving the law to me, will you ? Am I  your Bishop ? Tell me that, you cropped clown ! And will  you stand between God's anointed and the rubric ? Here you,  Gilcreest ! you, Duarcan ! Lift me to my knees ! I command it ! I will be dying as befits my rank and my station ! " Tremblingly the two servants moved to his side, and with  shoulders under his arms, raised the Bishop to his full height.  Then they bent to lower him forward. The clerics had turned  their brimming eyes away. Turlogh, and the armed men of his  sept behind him, who were unafraid yet looked to see a counten- ance desolated by an anguish too great to gaze upon, beheld instead  a strange luminous softness spread over the Bishop's swollen lineaments, and bring them back to human likeness, and stamp  upon them the aspect of triumphant martyrdom. The face of the  Bishop was white as death now, and as he sank slowly to his knees, By Harold Frederic  103 knees, drops of water stood upon his brow. But a light of peace  subdued all torment in his calm eyes. Thus Laurence, son of Ivar, gained the victory of pilgrimage and  devotion and penance. He seemed to the kneeling throng that  filled the room to draw no breath, as the tremulous chaplain,  bending down, anointed him for his entrance into the company of  the Saints. While the words of absolution quivered upon the  lips of the ministrant, the Bishop fell forward upon his face. " A spirit of pure chastity has departed from among us," said  Turlogh, solemnly blessing himself as he rose to his feet. " A tower of magnanimity and a treasury of wisdom in these  parts," responded the confessor. " A bestower of rich presents and a chief conservator of the  canons of the Church," added one of the priests. The sound of the women's lamentations without came into the  chamber of death. Turlogh put his hand upon his sword, and  drew it forth, and kissed the cross upon its hilt. " His lightest wish for his burial will be a law to me and to the  people of my house." He spoke the words slowly, and his armed  men, hearing. them, lifted their heads in the air. III In the noon hour Dunbeekin stood again under the grey sky,  deserted and soundless. Old Turlogh, girt as no man had seen him before, with iron  upon his breast and a cap of shining steel drawn over his whitened  locks, had gathered all who belonged to him in the bawn, and  spoken to them from where he stood on the stone of the broken  well. " I will 104  The Truce of the Bishop " I will be going hence," he said, " to bury the holy man, my  kinsman, my Lord Bishop. His commands rest upon me, and  they are welcome. No other such honour has fallen to me in all  my years. But honours that have no substance to the touch are  not alike in all eyes. Moreover, this transparent gem of pure  piety whom I will be laying in his appointed grave was not close in blood to us. His people have our name, and they are Kian's  sons as well as we, but their birthplace is strange to us. In  Muskerry of the Rushes they do not be giving us of the coast  much praise or affection. It is their custom to speak of us as  pirates and heathen, and even he who lies dead within was not  slow to utter that same word. The saint of his vows, too, the  holy maiden of the O'Driscolls-- Mughain --is no friend to us of  Ivehagh. Our sea-forts are spattered with the blood of the  O'Driscolls, and my great father, Fineen, son of Conogher of  the Steeds, broke down their shrine of Mughain at Dunashad.  Therefore you are not bound by any near tie to give your lives for this burial. I will not be laying it on any man for  his duty that he should come with me. Those with minds to  the contrary will be freely returning now to the hills, for  their greater safety, or holding this place till my brother comes  back from the army of the Earl. I will be taking with me  none but willing people, and I will have it known to them  that they are not like to see Dunbeekin again with any mortal  vision." When Turlogh in another hour led forth from his gates the  funeral train of the Bishop, no breathing creature remained behind.  There went with him, to the last one, the robed men of his  household, and his galloglasses and kernes, and the hooded women  of years, who struck their hands together and screamed the death-  wail as they walked ; and the younger maidens with short veils, and By Harold Frederic  105 and even to the smallest of the children, clinging at their mothers'  skirts. And the spade-men and the horse-boys drove forward the  herds and led the horses not hearing riders, and on these were  fastened all the chattels and light possessions of Dunbeekin. In  the centre of the armed men walked the priests, and before them  proceeded eight servants, bearing upon sticks the pall of the  Bishop ; and all could see him lying there, under a seemly cover  of black cloth, with the casket of the holy relic rising sharp- cornered above his breast. There was no heat in the air, and they moved on over the  wasted country at a good speed. As twilight gathered, they  passed from the defiles of the hills into greener vales, where the  streams ran eastward, and no marks of ruin met the eye. Here  the beasts fed upon the harvest grass, while a heifer was slain and  seethed for human eating ; and here the righting men looked a  last time to their blades and spear-heads and their yew bows. Darkness fell, and they went forward again, with Goron the  Quick-Eyed in front of all, calling the way, and the keening of the  weary elder women rising no higher than the moan of the sea-  wind they had left behind for ever. In the night, further inland, lights began to gleam upon their  course, as if on beacon hills beyond. Then a small flame, borne  swiftly, crossed the path nearer at hand. The pale overcast moon-  light made visible only the dim rolling shape of the slope down  which they were making their way. Goron ran back, and then, after hasty whispers of counsel, went  forth again into the darkness, with his hand on Turlogh's bridle-  rein. They were well in advance of their train when the light  they had seen and then lost flashed again suddenly in their very  faces ; and they, halting, beheld crowded black shadows of men  straight in their path. "What 106  The Truce of the Bishop "What is this all ? Who are you ? " was sharply demanded out  of the obscurity, in a tongue strange to Goron. Turlogh, the learned man, had the English. "I am the Lord of Dunbeekin," he made answer, in a cool  voice, " and I will be proceeding with my people to Rosscarbery  to bury our Lord Bishop, as befits his station and great fame in  these parts." The voice of the unseen captain laughed, amid a sinister rattle  of steel on steel. "There is no Rosscarbery left on the face of the earth. There  is no Bishop, alive or dead. There is no Lord of Dunbeekin, but  only an old thief of a rebel hiding in the mountains, who called  himself such among his native savages. Him we will hang when,  found, as we hung his kinsman, the barbarian Donal  Grany , on the  lintel of his own castle in Kinalmeaky." " I am he of whom you speak," returned Turlogh; "and when  I have buried my Bishop, and fulfilled to the last the commands,  of his testament, which I have here with me writ by his own  hand, we will talk further of this hanging. But now I will  be moving forward on my way." Other sounds of laughter rose about them in the darkness. They are all mere Irish," said a rough man's voice, after a  moment. " They bear with them a bier of some sort, true  enough, but they have their women and children and herds with  them as well. It is a strange game. Why should we not fall  upon them now, before they have wrought the mischief of their  conceit ? " "You are outside the law," spoke the  voice, that of  authority. " We may put you all to the sword, here where we  find you." " I know of no law but my Lord Bishop's wish," replied Turlogh. By Harold Frederic  107 Turlogh. " I am not outside that. I will be making a truce  with you until he has been buried as he desired. Thereafter  I ask no accommodation at your hands." " Saw any one ever such another land of holy men and  lunatics ? " communed the English captain with the blackness. " Nay," one of his party urged, " it is not holiness but empty  superstition, and to be a lunatic argues previous sound wit, which  these savages never yet possessed. Say rather an island of idol- atrous idiots." The captain spoke again : " If you are Turlogh Mahowne, as  you declare yourself, go forward then to Rosscarbery, if you can  find it by the smoke over its ashes, and bury your Papist carrion  wherever the ground is not baked too stiff for digging, and when  you have made an end of it, then will we have more talk." The day dawned, and showed to Turlogh and his caravan bodies  of armed men on either side, moving along at a distance, in even  progress with the funeral train. There were leaders in the saddle,  encased in metal to the thighs ; and the footmen, breeched in  buff leather and with iron caps, bore long pikes on their shoulders.  In numbers they were to the men of Dunbeekin as three to one ;  and in another four hours, upon the meeting of the high roads out-  side Rosscarbery, two score more joined them. " They are fine men," said Goron, walking at his master's  bridle. " I have never seen them in the open country before.  They are better than we are. They will make but one bite of us,  as a white trout with a May-fly." " The May-fly ! " answered Turlogh, musingly. "Two years  does it be spending underground, preparing its wings. And then --the portion of one day up above in the air and the sunlight,  and it ends in the beak of a bird or the jaws of a strong fish.  Your speech is always wise, Goron, son of Tiarnan. It is I who 108  The Truce of the Bishop who am the May-fly, and this is my one little morning in the  world." Where Rosscarbery had been, Turlogh and his people traced  through choked paths and streets blocked with stones of broken  houses the place of the cathedral. They moved about among its  blackened ruins, and lifting great blocks of masonry from the site  of the high altar, dug there a grave and shaped a rude coffin of  large stones, and laid Laurence, son of Ivar, to his rest. They  knelt uncovered while the chaplain said the funeral mass ; and the  singing priests chanted, and the elder women raised their voices in  the last wail over the grave. Then Turlogh gave a sign to his people, and going out, led in  his own horse over the tumbled debris of the shattered transept.  He drew his sword, and the animal fell with a pierced throat upon  the place where they had buried the Bishop. The men of Dun-  beekin brought forward the other horses, neighing in their fright,  and slew them one by one ; and the cattle, driven in and leaping  wildly in terror over the despoiled floors, were beaten down with  the war-axes, and piled, smoking, on the high altar. At Turlogh's command, the jewels and fine cloths and books they had brought  were heaped here too, and with his own hand he struck a flame  and set them alight. The smoke curled thickly outward, and  forced the chieftain back. He led the way forth to the open air.  In the space beyond the west front he came upon a line of  English drawn close to bar his passage. Over his shoulders he saw other lines guarding the sides against escape. His eye sought  out the captain, and he moved toward him. " There will be a price on my head ? " he asked, calmly--"on  me, Turlogh, son of Fineen, Lord in Dunbeekin ? " The other shook his head.  "You flatter yourself," he said. " You were not accounted of sufficient By Harold Frederic  109 sufficient dignity for that. A trifle of drink-money, perhaps, to  the man who should run you down in the bog and cut your  throat : no more." "That is very bad news for me," replied Turlogh. "If it  were otherwise, I would be asking you for that money, to place  it there in the fire I have built in offering to my Lord Bishop.  All that I had I have given, but it is not nearly enough. My  Lord Bishop was mercifully spared the knowledge of the ruin and  great calamities that have fallen upon us all. He died bequeathing  large moneys to the poor, and a sum of the value of sixty cows  for masses for his soul ; and other sums for a grand tomb, and for  needy scholars and the like ; and I am pledged to carry out his will. His poor have been starved or murdered ; his students are  dispersed ; out of charity the masses will be said in Spain and  France, and other pious lands, whither our priests have fled. But  I would not that any penny should be spared to the enrichment  of his tomb. Yet if there be nothing more forthcoming, then  there is an end to my task. And now my truce with you will be  over, too." The young Englishman looked at the tall pale old man in  doubtful silence for a little. " You are no better than a heathen, in your spiritual part," he  said at last ; " but I know not that you are a harmful rebel. Get  you back to your Dunbeacon, as you call it, and take your motley  ragamen with you, and swear an oath of loyal behaviour to Her  Most Splendid Majesty before you go ; and the truce--who shall  say--it may last your lifetime. At the worst, it was your brother  we wanted, not you." Turlogh straightened his thin form, and stepped out to face the  captain. " They call me Turlogh of the Two Minds," he said, with a greater 110  The Truce of the Bishop greater calmness than before. " All my life I have not shed any  man's blood, because it did not seem to me to be wholly a good  thing to do, and I hesitated. But now, in my old age, my last  day, I have only one mind in me. You and your people have  come where no one asked you, and you have put massacre and  desolation of famine and destruction upon us, when we had not  deserved it. And I have told you that our truce is ended, and you will not be believing it, and now I will prove it to you." Upon the word he smote the captain in the face with one  hand, and with the other plunged his skene into his neck. The  two men clutched each other, and as they toppled, writhing, to the  ground, rival cries of battle split the air. The English, with full-  mouthed oaths and shouts of wrath, hurled themselves forward.  The Irish, huddling backward to guard their unarmed folk, raised  a defiant answering yell, and fought in wild despair. They were  hewn down where they stood, and after them their priests and women and children. Nothing that had come out of Dunbeekin  was left with a breath in it. The English captain, chalk-faced, and with his throat swathed  in stained bandages, leant upon his sword while the straps of his  cuirass were unbuckled, and the cumbrous breastplate lifted from  him. He looked down with a rueful, musing half-smile at the  trampled form of an old man which had been dragged out from  a confused pile of bodies, and lay stretched at his feet. The head  was bruised and the white hair was torn and clotted, but the  withered upturned face, looking very small and waxen now, wore  an aspect of pride and sweetness which moved him. He gently  pushed the hair aside from the marble temples with his boot, and  sighed as he looked again. " Shall we send the head to Cork ? " asked another officer,  resting on one knee beside the body. " After all, he was a lord By Harold Frederic  111 lord in the eyes of the Irish, and he had a castle, such as it was." " No," responded the captain, on reflection. " He came a  long way to bury his Bishop, and he gave him a funeral of dis- tinction to the full measure of his ability. Bear him inside, and  let him lie beside his Bishop. They have heads and to spare in  Cork without his." Then after a little pause he lifted his gaze and turned away. " It may be that you are right," he said again. " It may be  they are idolatrous idiots and nothing better ; but when I looked  upon the old man lying there, the whimsy came to me. I should  have liked him to have been my father." A sharp exclamation of surprise came from the kneeling officer,  and the captain wheeled on his heel. " I'll be sworn I saw it ! " the former cried, staring fixedly  down at the face on the ground. " When you spoke those words,  the old rebel's body stirred, and his death's-head shook itself." The speaker had a knife out from his belt, and the captain bent  to lay a sharply restraining hand on his arm. Together they  scrutinized the body before them. It was plainly a corpse. " My oath on it, he moved ! " insisted the kneeling man. "You dream ! " said the captain, stoutly enough, but a little  shudder ran through the sigh with which he turned away. Two Pictures By Elizabeth Stanhope Forbes I. Marie II. Jonquil To the Bust of the Pompeian Coelia By   Leila Macdonald ALAS, my Coelia, that your grace Could not prevail on ardent Death To spare your sweet perfumed breath, The youthful glories of your face. But still you smile : Your beauty, never conquered yet, Disdains the tears of men's regret. Across your curved and rosy ears, How fair the curling ringlets fell, And kissed your bosom's snowy swell-- Olympus to your lover's tears. We wonder now, Within your body's rounded grace What woman's soul found resting-place? And in what flowered path of bliss Did the stern Fates direct your feet ? Where only youth and beauty meet, And every bower conceals a kiss ? Ah, happy maid ! That bowed your head to Love's command, The fairest mistress in the land. What 118  To the Bust of the Pompeian Coelia What murmur in the summer air, What gentle tread of sandalled feet, What silken rustle through the street, When maidens to the bath repair. They smiling stand, Throw off the veilings of their grace, And court the waters' cool embrace. At the fair banquet's joyous hour, 'Mid scent, and song, and whirling dance, You bought men's worship with a glance ; Like shaded fire, its languorous power. Ah, cruel eyes ! Hyperion, when his Sun arose, No brighter glories could disclose. Or, at the Goddess' awful shrine, With shrouded head and trembling knees, The shuddering music of your pleas Strove vainly for the ears divine. Pleas, who shall say, For children's smiles ; for lover's kiss ; For all that makes a woman's bliss ? The radiant waters rise and meet, And gather on the tideless shore ; But Coelia's footsteps sound no more, And silence crowds the eager street. The widowed bay Through glowing day and scented night Mourns for her city of delight. Alas, By Leila Macdonald  119 Alas, my Coelia, you, whose grace Has perished with the silent Time, Accept this homage of a rhyme, Paid to where stone reflects your face. For stone may show Not all Vesuvius could eclipse The sunshine of your smiling lips. Two Pictures By Caroline Gotch I. On the Seine II. Motherhood Books: A Letter to the Editor  and an Offer of a Prize From  " The Yellow Dwarf " SIR : In London, if one is placed sufficiently low in the social hierarchy--or if, high placed, one is sufficiently fond of low life--to frequent houses in which Literature as a subject of conver-  sation is not inhibited, one may occasionally hear it said of this or  that recently published book that it has just been " reviewed" in  the  Athenaeum  or "noticed" in the  Academy , "praised" by the Spectator  or " slated " by the  Saturday Review . I don't know  whether you will agree with me in deeming it significant that one  almost never hears of a book nowadays that it has been  criticised . People who run as they talk are not commonly precisians in their  choice of words, but the fact that the verb  to criticise , as governing  the accusative case of the substantive book , has virtually dropped  out of use, seems to me a happy example of right instinct. Books  (books in  belles lettres , at any rate, novels, poems, essays, what you  will, not to include scientific, historical, or technical works), books  in  belles lettres  are almost never criticised in the professedly critical  journals of our period in England. They are reviewed, noticed,  praised, slated, but almost never criticised. The Yellow Book--Vol. VII.  H I hasten 126  Books I hasten to exempt from my indictment those journals that are  not professedly critical ; to exempt trade journals, for instance,  medical journals, journals of sport and fashion, and the daily news- papers. The most one can fairly require of one's daily newspaper  is that it should give one the news of the day. I'm not denying  that a craving for the news of the day is a morbid craving, but it  is to gratify it that the daily newspapers are daily born, daily to  die. We can't with any sort of justice ask our penny daily for a  considered criticism of books. That were to ask for more than  our pennyworth ; and besides, the editor might reasonably retort  upon us, "You have come to the wrong shop." We don't go to  the ironmonger's for a leg of mutton, nor to the stationer's to get  our hair cut. Wherefore I in no wise reproach the penny dailies  (nor even the formidabler threepenny daily) for sedulously  eschewing anything remotely in the nature of considered literary  criticism.* Let me add, at once, that I don't reproach them, on  the other hand, for their habits of printing long columns of idio-  matic Journalese, and heading the same NEW BOOKS. They thereby give employment to the necessitous ; they encourage  publishers (poor dears!) to publish--and to advertise; they deceive  nobody within the four-mile radius ; they furnish the suburbs with  an article the suburbs could probably not distinguish from the real  thing if they saw the two together ; and (to crown all) it is the  inalienable privilege of the British reader to skip. I buy my Morning Post , that I may follow, from my humble home in  Mayfair, the doings of the Great in Bayswater ; my  Daily News , that I may be informed of the fluctuations of Mr. Glad-  stone's health ; my  Telegraph , that I may learn what is happening * But surely, in the  Daily Chronicle , we have at least one notable exception.--ED. Y. B. in From "The Yellow Dwarf"  127 in Balham, watch the progress of the shilling testimonial to Dr.  Grace, savour the English of Mr. Clement Scott, and keep up my  Italian by studying the leaders of Mr. Sala ; my  Pall Mall Gazette  . . . I really can't think why, unless it be to enjoy the  prankful cubsomeness (not to mention the classical attainments)  of Mr. W. E. Henley's truculent fifth form ; but it is certain  that I buy not one of these inexpensive sheets to the end of  getting a considered criticism of books. The case of the professedly critical periodicals, however, is a differ- ent and a graver case. They are professedly critical, and they do not criticise. They review, they notice, they extol, they scold ; but criticise, but weigh, discriminate, analyse, perceive, appreciate--  who will pretend that they do that ? They wield the bludgeon  and the butter-knife, they employ the copying-press and the  garbling-press ; but those fine instruments of precision which are  the indispensable tools of the true critic's craft, they would appear  never to have heard of. For the sake of a modern instance, examine  for a moment the methods of the  Saturday Review . There was  a time, and that not so long ago, when the Saturday Review ,  though never critical, was at least diverting ; it was supercilious,  it was impertinent, it was crabbed and cross-grained, but it was  witty, it was diverting. I am speaking, however, of the present Saturday Review , which is another matter. From week to week I  take it in, and read (or make some sort of an endeavour to read) its  " literary " columns. And what do I find ? I find articles with  such felicitous headings as "Mr. So-and-So--Minor Poet ;" I find  perennial allusions to the length of another poet's hair ; but--  criticism ? I find that where once the  Saturday Review  was  supercilious and diverting, it is now violent and provincial ; but --criticism ? I find that where once it spoke to me with the  voice of a soured but well-bred and rather witty academic don, it now 128  Books now bellows at me in the tones of a bull of Bashan ; but-- criticism ? I find--I find anything you like but criticism. Yet, surely, the  Saturday Review  is amongst the most notorious of  the professedly critical journals of Great Britain. The Spectator ,  the  Academy , the  Athenaeum , are different, very different--with a  likeness. The likeness, I would submit, consists in the rigorous  exclusion of considered literary criticism from their columns.* I am more concerned for the moment to mention and to deplore  this state of things than to inquire into its causes. But certain of  its causes invite no inquiry ; they are obvious, they "spring at our  eyes." Foreigners, to be sure, pretend that our trouble is radical  and ineradicable ; that the British mind is essentially and hopelessly uncritical ; that directly we attempt to criticise we begin to com- pare. ("They can only communicate their opinion of Oranges  by translating it in terms of Onions," says Varjine ; and he adds,  " The most critical Englishman I ever met was a clown in a circus  at Marseilles.") That is a question I won't go into here. What  is obvious and indisputable is this : that with the dissemination of  ignorance through the length and breadth of our island, by means  of the Board School, a mighty and terrible change has been  wrought in the characters both of the majority of readers and of  the majority of writers. The "gentleman and scholar" who still  flourished when I was young, has sunken into unimportance both  as a reader and as a writer. The bagman and the stockbroker's clerk  (and their lady wives and daughters) 'ave usurped his plyce and his  influence as readers ; and the pressman has picked up his fallen pen, --the pressman, sir, or the presswoman ! Well, what, by the  operation of the law of cause and effect, what should we naturally * THE YELLOW BOOK must note its dissent from the Yellow Dwarf's observations, in so far, at least, as they affect the  Spectator .--ED. expect ? From "The Yellow Dwarf"  129 expect ? With an illiterate reading mob howling at our doors, and  a tribe of pressmen scribbling at our tables, what, in the name of  the universe, should we expect ? What we get ; not so ? And the  poor " gentleman and scholar," where he survives, is exposed to full  many risks and full many sorrows. If he reads his penny daily in  the morning, he is in danger of seeing his own critical vision  obscured or distorted for the rest of the day, as his palate would be  blunted should he breakfast off raw red herring. If he wants to  write a book, he knows that there is no public to buy or read or  understand it : and what's the use of casting pearls before animals  that prefer acorns ? If he wants to read a book, he knows that the  entire output of decent literature in England during a year he  might easily learn by heart in a fortnight. So he must read a  foreign book or an old book, or else fall back, for fiction, upon our  Stanley Weymans and our J. M. Barries ; for poetry, upon our Sir  Lewis Morrises or our Sir Edwin Arnolds ; and for criticism . . .  shall I say upon our Mr. Harry Quilters ? The critical periodicals of Great Britain make it a practice to  review, notice, praise, or slate almost everything in the guise of a  book or booklet which, by hook or crooklet, contrives to get itself  put forth in print. They manage these affairs better in furrin'  parts. In furrin' parts, your critical periodical silently ignores  ninety-and-nine in every hundred of the books that are printed,  and then-- criticises  the hundredth. The fact is, Mr. Editor, that in order to criticise you must  have certain endowments--you must have a certain equipment.  You must have eyes and ears, you must have taste ; you must  have the analytic faculty and the knack of nice expression ; you  must have the habit of getting at close quarters with your thought  and your emotion--you must be able to explain  why , for what qualities, for what defects, you cherish Mr.  Henry James  (for instance), 130  Books instance), regard Mr.  Marriott Watson  with expectant pleasure,  dread Mr. Anthony Hope, and flee from Miss Marie Corelli as from the German measles. You must have knowledge--a  University education, indeed, would do you no harm, nor an ac-  quaintance with the literatures of France and Russia. You must  have a  tradition of culture . And, above all, you must have leisure, --for any sort of considered writing you must have leisure. Well, how many of these endowments, how much of this  equipment is your Pressman, your Saturday Reviewer, likely to  have ? Taste ? The analytic faculty ? The instinct for the  just word ? Knowledge ? A University education ? An ac- quaintance with the writings of de la Clos and Frontin, of Poush-  kine and Karamanzine ? A tradition of culture ? And leisure ? Leisure . He is paid at the rate of so many shillings a column.  And he has his bread to earn ; and bread, my dear, is costly. One  does what one can. One glances hurriedly through the book that  has been sent one " for review," and then (provided one is honest,  and has no private spite to wreak upon the author, no private envy  to assuage, no private log to roll) one dashes off one's " thousand  words," more or less, of unconsidered praise or unconsidered abuse,  as the case may be. One says the book is "good," the book is  "bad." Good--bad : with the variations upon them to be found  in his Dictionary of Synonyms : there are your Pressman-Critic's,  alternative criticisms. Good--with greater or smaller emphasis :  bad--with greater or smaller virulence, and more or less frequent  references to the length of the author's hair. There is your  Pressman-Critic's " terminology." A novel by Mr. George  Meredith is--good ; a novel by Mr. Conan Doyle is--good. You  would hardly call that manner of criticism searching, enlighten-  ing, exhaustive ; you would hardly call it  nuancé , I fancy, sir.  But you are wondering why I should take the matter so griev- ously From "The Yellow Dwarf"  131 ously to heart. I will tell you. It is not, I confess, for patriotic reasons ; not that I weep to see England the least among nations  in this particular. It is for reasons purely personal and selfish. I  love to read criticism. And to deprive me of the chance to do so  is to deprive me of a pleasure. I love to discover my own thoughts  and feelings about a book accurately expressed in elegant and  original sentences by another fellow. When I happen upon such  criticism I experience a glow of delight and a glow of pride,  almost as great as if I had written it myself ; and yet I have had  no trouble. Monsieur  Anatole France  has kindly taken the  trouble for me. Well, sir, we have no Monsieur Anatole France  in these islands ; or, if we have one, he doesn't write for our pr-  fessedly critical journals. I ransack the serried columns of the Saturday Review , and its contemporaries and rivals, in vain, from  week to week, to discover my own thoughts and feelings about  books accurately expressed in elegant and original sentences. I  discover pretty nearly everything except the thing I pine for. I  discover plenty of pedantry and plenty of ignorance, plenty of  feebleness and plenty of good stodgy "ability," plenty of glitter  and plenty of dullness, plenty of fulsomeness and more than a  plenty of envy, hatred, malice, and all uncharitableness ; but the  thing I seek is the one thing I never find. When I went abroad for my holiday, in August, I took with  me a bagful of comparatively recent books, all of which I read, or  tried to read, while I was drinking the waters and being douched  and swindled at Aix-les-Bains. I yearn, sir, to see my thoughts  and feelings about these books set forth in elegant and original  phrases by another fellow. And herewith I offer a prize. I will  indicate very cursorily in a few rough paragraphs what my thoughts  and feelings about the books in question are ; and then I will offer  a prize of--well, of fifty shillings--say, £2 10s. od.--to any one, man 132  Books man or woman, who will, on or before the 31st day of December  in the present year, put into my hands a typewritten manuscript  containing what I shall admit to be a polished, a considered--in  one word, a satisfactory expression of my views. I make no  reservation as to the length of the manuscript. It may run to as  many thousand words as its writer wishes. The  book I opened was not, after all, exactly a recent  book. It was Mr. Hall Caine's  Manxman . I confess I didn't  open it with much hope of being able to read it, for past expe-  rience had taught me that to read a book by Mr. Hall Caine to  the far-glimmering end was apt to be an enterprise beyond my powers of endurance. In early life I had begun his  Shadow of a Crime , and had broken down at the eightieth page ; when I was  older, I had begun  The Deemster , and had broken down at the  eighth--the fearless energy of youth was mine no longer. How-  ever, I had been the owner of an uncut copy of the  Manxman  for  well-nigh a twelvemonth ; and I was in a Spartan temper ; and I  said--with some outward show of resolution, but with a secret  presentiment of failure--I said, "We'll have a try." Alas, at page 41, where the curtain falls--I beg Mr. Hall  Caine's pardon--where the curtain descends upon the seventh  scene, I saw myself beaten. " The moon had come up in her  whiteness behind, and all was quiet and solemn around. Philip fell  back and turned away his face." All was quiet and solemn  araound!   It was the final, the crushing, blow. I too fell back and turned  away my face. I closed the  Manxman , and gave it to my valet,  who, it may please Mr. Hall Caine to learn, said, " Thenk you,  sir ; " and, a week afterwards, the honest fellow told me he had  enjoyed it. A talent for reading the works of Mr. Hall Caine is a talent that From "The Yellow Dwarf"  133 that Heaven has denied me : one can't expect everything here  below. Their artificial simplicity, their clumsiness, their heavi-  ness, their dreary counterfeit of a kind of common humour, their  laborious strivings for a kind of shoddy pathos, their ignorance,  their vulgarity, their pretentiousness, and withal their unmitigated insipidity--these are the qualities, no doubt, that make them popular with the middle classes, that endear them to the Great  Heart of the People, but they are too much for the likes o' me. I  don't mind vulgarity when I can get it with a dash of spice,  as in the writings of Mr. Ally Sloper, or with a swagger, as  in the writings of Mr. Frank Harris. I don't mind insipidity  when I can get it with a touch of cosmopolitan culture, as in the  writings of Mr. Karl Baedeker. But vulgarity and insipidity  mingled, as in the writings of Mr. Hall Caine, are more than my  weak flesh can bear. On the title-page of  The Manxman  Mr. Caine  prints this modest motto : "What shall it profit a man if he gain  the whole world and lose his own soul ? " On page 6 he observes :  "In spite of everything he loved her. That was where the  bitterness of the evil lay." On page 7, " A man cannot fight  against himself for long. That deadly enemy is certain to slay."  On page 11, "His  memory of Philip was of sleeping with  him, snuggled up by his side in the dark, hushed and still in a  narrow bed with iron ends to it, and of leaping up in the morning  and laughing." And then, on page 41, "The moon had come  up in her whiteness behind, and all was quiet and solemn around."  Note the subtle perceptions, the profound insight, the dainty  verbiage, the fresh images, the musical rhythm of these excerpts.  " That was where the bitterness of the evil lay ! " "A man  cannot fight against himself!" "The moon had come up in  her whiteness beyind !" . . . . Faugh, sir, the gentleman writes  with his mouth full. Let us haste to an apothecary's, and buy an ounce 134  Books ounce of civet, to sweeten our imagination. And all was quiet  and solemn araound ! * At the forty- page I closed the  Manxman , and gave it to  my valet. It was as if for forty-one leaden minutes I had been  listening to the speech of Emptiness incarnate ; but a pompous  Emptiness, a rhetorical Emptiness, an Emptiness with the manner  of an Oracle and the accent of an Auctioneer : an Emptiness that  would have lulled me to slumber if it hadn't sickened me. I wonder how Mr. Hall Caine keeps awake as he writes. Nature abhors a vacuum, but the British Public, it would  appear, loves an Emptiness. The Public, however, doesn't matter.  The Great Heart of the People has warmed to bad literature in  all ages and in all countries. The disgraceful thing is that in  England bad literature is taken seriously by persons who profess to  be Critics. The critics of France don't take Monsieur Georges  Ohnet seriously ; the critics of Russia don't take Alexis Gorloff  seriously ; but the critics of England do take Mr. Hall Caine  seriously. Well, it only shows what a little pretentiousness in  this ingenuous land will accomplish. The value of pretentiousness can scarcely be too highly com-  mended to young authors. If you are more desirous of impressing  the ignorant than of doing good work, if you would rather make  the multitude stare than make the remnant gaze--Be pretentious,  and let who will be clever. A young author who appears to have * A friend assures me that if I had pursued my wanderings a little further in Mr. Hall Caine's garden of prose, I might have culled still fairer blossoms ; and gives as a specimen this, from page 141 : "She met him on the hill slope with a cry of joy, and kissed him. It came into his mind to draw away, but he could not, and he kissed her back." How quaint Manx customs are. In London he would almost certainly  have kissed her lips. taken From "The Yellow Dwarf"  135 taken this excellent maxim to heart is Mr.  John Oliver Hobbes .  His was the next book I directed an attack upon, after I had  beaten my retreat from the impenetrable  Manxman . But I  found myself confronted with Pretentiousness at the very draw-  bridge. There fluttered a flag--I daresay, on my unsupported  testimony, you could scarce believe it ; but I can refer you to the  book itself, or (it has been advertised like a patent medicine) to its  publishers advertisements, for corroboration--there fluttered a  flag bearing this device-- THE GODS SOME MORTALS AND LORD WICKENHAM BY JOHN OLIVER HOBBES This, in Christian England ! And above it and below it were  wonderful drawings, drawings of gods and goddesses and mortals ;  and, at one side of it, another wonderful drawing, a drawing of an  Owl. When I recovered my breath I turned to Chapter I.,  An Aristocratic Household , and before I had reached the bottom of  that short  page, here is the sort of sentence I had to face and  vanquish : " The young girl who came forward seemed to have  been whipped up into a fragile existence from the very cream of  tenderness, love, and folly." It is doubtless very pretty, but do  you know what it means ? Anyhow, it has the great merit of being Pretentious. I can see the Pressman-Critic, as his eye  lights upon it. I can see him " sit up." I can hear him gasp, and 136  Books and murmur to himself, " Ah !  This  is a book to be treated with  respect. This is  written ." Thus, by a discreet appreciation of  the value of Pretentiousness, Mr. Hobbes breaks his Pressman- Critic's spirit with his title-page, and has him entirely subjugated  about half-way down page  I . But do you imagine that the author's pretentiousness begins  and ends here, at the threshold ? Far from it. His book is pre-  tentious in every line ; I might almost say in every dash and  comma. It is linked pretentiousness long drawn out. It is  packed with aphorisms, with reflections : it is diversified with  little essays, little shrieks, and philosophic sighs : all pretentious.  On page 135, for instance : "The weak mind is never weary of  recounting its failures."  On dirait  the late Mr. Martin Tupper-- not ? On page 23 : " O Science ! art thou not also sometimes  in error ? "  On dirait  the late Mr. Thomas Carlyle. On page 13:" Men should be careful how they wish."  On dirait   Monsieur de la Palisse. . . . . And then, what shall we say of  this ? In Chapter IV. Dr. Simon Warre writes a letter ; and  the author heads the chapter :  In which Warre displays a for - gotten talent!  Oddsfish, the letter one is justified in expecting,  after that ! What one gets is a quite ordinary, gossipy, rather  vulgar, rather snobbish, very pretentious letter ; and the only  talent Warre displays is the talent of the Reporter,  the Reporter for a Society paper ; and that talent is unfortunately not for-  gotten. Intending competitors for my prize will observe, furthermore,  that the story, the plot, of  The Gods, Some Mortals, and Lord Wickenham , is exactly the same dear old story that used to delight  our nursery governesses when we were children. A good husband --oh, so good !--married to a horrid, wicked wife ; a lord ; a  villain ; an elopement. The same dear old conventional story, the From "The Yellow Dwarf"  137 the same dear old conventional personages. I can't say  characters ,  for there isn't a character, there isn't an individual, there isn't the  ghost of a human creature, in the book. Simon Warre, his wife,  his friend, his wife's lover, Allegra--not one is a man or a woman  of flesh and blood, whom we can recognize, whom we can think  of as of people we have known : each is a formula, a shadow, a  conventional type. And then--Allegra ! Allegra carried me  back an appalling number of years into the past, to the time when  I was young and foolish. Everybody, when he was young and foolish (and generally in the flush of enthusiasm that follows his visit to Italy for a fortnight, at Easter, say), everybody has written a novel whereof the heroine was a pale mysterious Italian  girl, the daughter of a nobleman ; and wasn't she almost always  named Allegra ? And then everybody who was prudent has  burned his manuscript. I burned mine, thank mercy ; but  Mr. John Oliver Hobbes has published his. Ah, weel, bairn, ye  maun just live and lurrun. " Ah, but the style ! The style's the thing ! " cries the Press-  man. Quite so ; the style. Mr. Hobbes seems to be perpetually  straining in his style for the quality vaguely called distinction  (which, I lately read, in the  Saturday Review , of all places, is as  easy as minor poetry), but, easy as it is, he never succeeds in achieving it. What he does achieve is--sometimes a feeble echo  of Mr. George Meredith ; sometimes a flimsy imitation of Miss  Austen ; sometimes a bit that is Carlylean or Tupperesque ; and,  more often, gems of pure Journalese, so that one might wonder,  "Is Mr. Hobbes, too, a Pressman ? " But  style  is personal, style is the man. Here there is no style ; there is only a mechanical  mixture of the washings of many styles. From the leaden pretentiousness of Mr. Hall Caine and  the glassy pretentiousness of Mr. John Oliver Hobbes, it was re- storative 138  Books storative to turn to the naturalness, the honesty, and the simplicity  of Miss  Menie Muriel Dowie 's  Gallia , Miss  Ella D'Arcy 's Monochromes , and Mr.  Kenneth Grahame 's  Golden Age . Of Miss D'Arcy's book I will leave the would-be winners of  my prize full liberty to say what they like ; only, they must say  this : that the book gives its author at once a place among the  three masters (indulge the gender), the three masters of the short-  story form at present working in the English tongue ; and they  must add that Miss D'Arcy is by no means the smallest of the  three, and that she does not in the least resemble either of the  other two. Again, of Mr. Grahame's book, say what you will ; but be  careful also to say that a more melodious or mellow book you have  seldom read. Dwell upon the sweetness of the book's  voice , the tenderness of its humour ; dwell upon its pathos, its sympathy, its imagination ; upon the rich golden glow it has, which is like a  second justification of its title. In  Gallia , I own, I suffered one disappointment--nay, I suf- fered two. , I was all along haunted by a suspicion that the  book had a moral, that it had a purpose, that it was intended, in  some measure, as a tract for the times, and not as a mere frank  effort in the art of fiction. And secondly, I missed that brilliant  personal note, that vibration of the author's living voice, which had  delighted me in the  Girl in the Karpathians , and (still more) in the marvellously clever and vivid little drama,  Wladislaw's Advent ,  which you, sir, published some time back in the YELLOW BOOK.  But, all the same, though I could have wished Miss Dowie to  come nearer to the front in proper person, I enjoyed reading Gallia  as I have rarely enjoyed reading a latter-day English novel.  The style, if severely impersonal, is sincere, direct, effective ; the  story is new and interesting, the central idea, the motive, being very From "The Yellow Dwarf"  139 very daring and original indeed ; and the characters are distinctly individualised. They are characters, they are human people, they  are persons, they aren't mere personages, mere types. Had  Gallia   been a  roman-à-clef , I think I could have named Dark Essex ; I  think I could have named Gurdon, too ; I'm sure I could have  named Miss Essex. As for Bobbie Leighton, little as we see of  him, he is a creature of the warmest flesh and the reddest blood ;  and I, for my part, shall always remember him as a charming  fellow whom I met once or twice, but all too infrequently, in  Paris, in London, and whose present address I am very sorry not  to possess. But Gallia herself I could not have named, though  she is as real to me now as she could have been if I had actually  known her half my life. If Miss Dowie had, in this book, accom-  plished nothing more than her full-length portrait of Gallia, she  would have accomplished much, for a more difficult model than Gallia a portraitist could hardly have selected. Gallia--so terribly  modern, so excessively unusual--a prophecy, rather than a present  fact--a girl, an English girl, who  declares her love to a man , and  yet never ceases to be a fresh, innocent, modest, attractive girl,  never for an instant becomes masculine, and never loses her hold  upon the reader's sympathy ! A writer of fiction could scarcely propose to himself a riskier adventure than that which awaited Miss Dowie when she set out  to write the chapter in which Gallia roundly informs Dark  Essex that she loves him. Failure was almost a certainty ;  yet, so far from failing, Miss Dowie has succeeded with apparent  ease. The chapter begins with a very fine and delicate observa-  tion in psychology. The blankness, the vague pain, rhythmically  recurring, but for the specific cause of which Gallia has to pause  a little and seek--that is very finely and delicately observed. "'I  remember ; there was something that has made me unhappy : what 140  Books what was it ?' Thus her mind would go to work ; then suddenly  the sharpness of remembrance would lay hold of her nerves, and a  little inarticulate cry would escape her ; her hands would go up to  hide her face, and a shiver, not in her limbs, but in her body,  would shake and sicken her." Presently Dark Essex is shown  into the room, and presently Gallia tells him that she loves him.  The chapter is restrained, the chapter is dignified, the chapter is  convincing, the chapter is moving ;--or, rather, the chapters (for  the scene is broken into two chapters, and so to break it was a  prudent measure; little conventional breaks like this doing wonders  to relieve the tension of the reader's emotion). It must have been  difficult enough, in this crisis of the story, to make Gallia herself  move and speak convincingly ; it must have been a hundred times  more difficult to contrive the action and the speeches of the  man,--the man who found himself in so unprecedented a situa-  tion ! Gallia  is a remarkable book, and Gallia is a remarkable young  lady. I have no prejudices in favour of the New Woman ; I  proclaim myself quite brazenly an Old Male. But I respect Gallia, I admire her, I like her, and I am heartily sorry she made  the mistake of marrying Gurdon. It was a mistake, I am per-  suaded, though an inevitable mistake. But I shall owe a grudge  to Miss Menie Muriel Dowie if she doesn't by-and-by write  another volume about Gallia, and let me know exactly, in detail,  how her mistaken, inevitable marriage turned out. I shall look  for a volume entitled  Lady Gurdon --for Mark will of course by  this time have been created a baronet, at the lowest. And, mean-  while, I will ask competitors for my prize to be extremely careful  and exhaustive in their criticisms of  Gallia . Two more books I will ask the same young gentlemen and  ladies to consider, and then I will let them off. One is Mr. Hubert From "The Yellow Dwarf"  141 Hubert Crackanthorpe 's  Sentimental Studies , the other Mr. George  Moore's  Celibates . In dealing with Mr. Crackanthorpe's book, my prize-critics  will kindly give attention to the actuality of his subjects, the clear-  ness of his psychological insight, the intensity of his realisation,  the convincingness of his presentation, and the sincerity and  dignity of his manner. At the same time, they will point out  that Mr. Crackanthorpe often says too much, that he is reluctant  to leave anything to his reader's imagination, his reader's experi-  ence. He doesn't make enough allowance for his reader's native  intelligence. He forgets that the golden rule in writing is simply  a paraphrase of the other Golden Rule :  Write as you would be written to . Mr. Crackanthorpe strains a little too hard, a little  too visibly, for the  mot juste . But the  mot juste  is sometimes not  the best word to use. One must know what the  mot juste  is, but  sometimes one should erase it and substitute the  demi-mot . And  then isn't Mr. Crackanthorpe handicapped as an artist by a trifle  too much moral earnestness ? Moral earnestness in life, I daresay,  does more good than harm ; but in Art, if present at all, it should  be concealed like a vice. Mr. Crackanthorpe hardly takes pains  enough to conceal his. If he won't abandon it--if he won't leave  it to such writers as the author of  Trilby  and Miss Annie S. Swann--he should at least hide it under mountains of artistry. And now for  Celibates .  Celibates  is an important book ; I'm  not quite sure that Celibates  isn't a great book, but  Celibates  is  assuredly a most perplexing, a most exasperating book. How one  and the same man can write as ill and as well, as execrably and as  effectively, as Mr. George Moore writes, passes my comprehen-  sion. His style, for instance. His style is atrocious, and his style  is almost classical. His style is like chopped straw, and his style  is like architecture. In its material, in its words, phrases, sen- The Yellow Book--Vol. VII.  I tences, 142  Books tences, his style is as bad as a Christian's style can be. It is  harsh, it is slovenly, it is uncouth ; fluency, melody, distinction,  charm it lacks utterly; it is sometimes downright ungrammatical ;  it is very often common, banale, pressmanish ; and yet . . . .  Structurally, in its masses, it could scarcely be better. It has (as  Mr. Moore would say)  line  ; its drawing, its perspective, its values  are the drawing, the perspective, the values of a master. It is a  symmetrical temple built of soiled and broken bricks. How could a writer who knows his Flaubert as Mr. Moore  knows  his  Flaubert, speak of "sleep pressing upon Mildred's eye-  lids," as Mr. Moore does on page 8 ? What of  la phrase toute faite?  How could any one but a pressman say of his heroine that  there was "a little pathetic won't-you-care-for-me expression" in  her face ? On page 33, Mildred Lawson looked at Ralph Hoskin  "in glad surprise." On page 49 we have an epigram, a paradox :  something or other "is as insignificant as life." On page 51 Ralph says, " I had to make my living ever since I was sixteen."  On page 56 Mr. Moore says, " In the park they could talk  without fear of being overheard, and they took interest in the  changes that spring was effecting in this beautiful friendly nature."  Shade of Stevenson, shade of Maupassant, what prose ! On page  75 : " The roadway was full of fiacres  plying for hire, or were  drawn up in lines three deep." Shade of Lindley Murray, what  grammar ! And on the same page : " Elsie wished that Walter  would present her with a fan." It is almost enough to make one  agree with the old fogey who remarked, anent  Esther Waters ,  "Mr. Moore writes  about  servants, and should be read  by  them." But no, the old fogey was wrong. Bad as Mr. Moore's style  is in its materials, it is very nearly perfect in its structure ; and,  what's more, it's  personal . You feel that it is a living voice, an  individual's voice, that it is Mr. George Moore's voice, which is addressing From "The Yellow Dwarf"  143 addressing you. And surely a style ought to be personal, or else  style's not the man. The question of style apart, however, what makes  Celibates  an  impressive book, very nearly a great book, is its insight, its sin-  cerity, its vividness, its sympathy. If  Mildred Lawson  were only  decently written--if only some kind soul would do us a decent  rendering of it into English-- Mildred Lawson  would be a story  that one could speak of in the same breath with  Madame Bovary .  Yes. The assertion is startling, but the assertion is an assertion  my prize-critic must boldly hazard and proceed to justify. Mildred  Lawson is one of the most interesting and one of the most com- plex women I have ever met in fiction. Her selfishness, her  weakness, her strength, her vanity, her coldness, her hundred and  one qualities, traits, moods, are analysed with a minuteness that is  scientific, but synthesised with a vividness that is entirely artistic,  and therefore convincing, moving, memorable.  John Norton ,  structurally, is not quite so faultless as  Mildred Lawson , but it is  still a very notable achievement, a very important contribution to  the English fiction of our day; and I don't know whether, on the  whole,  Agnes Lahens  isn't the best piece of work in the volume. However, these are questions for my prize-critics to discuss at length--Mr. Moore's execrable, excellent style ; how, as it were, one would imagine he wrote with his boot, not with his pen ; his  subtle lack of grace, of humour ; his deep, true, sympathetic  insight ; his sincerity, his impressiveness ; and what his place is  among the four or five considerable writers of fiction now living  in England.--I, sir, have already too far trespassed upon your  valuable space. I have the honour to be, Your obedient servant, THE YELLOW DWARF. Two Pictures By Stanhope A. Forbes I. Their Daily Bread II. By the Fireside Passion By   Richard Garnett , LL.D., C.B. THIS flame of Passion that so high in air, By spice and balsam of the spirit fed, With fire and fume vast Heaven hath overspread, And blots the stars with smoke, or dims with glare : Soon shall it droop, and radiance pure and fair Again from azure altitudes be shed ; And we the murky grime and embers red Shall sift, if haply dust of Love be there. Gather his ashes from the torrid mould, And, quenched with drops of Bacchic revelry, Yield to the Stygian powers to have and hold : And urn Etrurian let his coffin be ; For this was made to store the dead and cold, And is a thing of much fragility. A Correspondence By  " Netta Syrett " I "I THINK she is perfectly lovely," Mrs. Yeo exclaimed, enthusiastically. She made a slight indicative movement towards the far corner   of the drawing-room, where the folds of a white dress and the  feathery edges of a fan were just visible from her corner of the  sofa. "Ah, I thought you would be surprised." Mrs. Lockyer spoke in the proprietary tone of one who has  discovered some priceless treasure and for the  time displays it  to the gaze of the multitude. " They are altogether an ideal couple, aren't they ? " she  continued. " I always say  he  is quite ridiculously good-looking  -- too  handsome for a mere man ! " " They met in Rome, you say ? " " Yes, quite lately ; only a few weeks ago, in fact, when the  Armstrongs were travelling in Italy. He'd hardly known her a week  before he proposed, and it's scarcely a fortnight now since the day  they met so--her mother says. This is his last evening. He's  going back to-morrow to Rome ; he has some work to finish there, I understand By Netta Syrett 151 I understand. He's a sculptor, you know. Such a romantic  occupation, isn't it ?--and so  suitable . He has such classical  features himself--just like Apollo, or, well,  all  those Greeky-  Roman people. To me he has the air of being the  least  little bit stand-off. What do you think ? I daresay that's just my fancy  though, for I hear he is quite charming, but alarmingly clever.  He is more than ten years older than Miss Armstrong, they say,  and  I  believe there's more difference than that even--don't you  think so ? " But Mrs. Yeo's gaze had turned in the direction of  the white dress again. " She is very lovely," she repeated, " but I don't think she seems  quite happy." The girl under discussion had risen from her seat and was  standing at the corner of the mantelpiece, one hand resting  on the low shelf. From where Mrs. Yeo was sitting she caught a  glimpse of a very delicately tinted face ; the light from a rose-  shaded lamp above the girl's head fell softly on masses of rippling  red-brown hair growing low on the forehead, and parted over the  brows, Clytie fashion. Her long trailing gown fell in white folds  to her feet. Mrs. Yeo was young and imaginative. Her friend's information  about the sculptor fiancé had doubtless something to do with the  fancifulness of the notion, yet, as she looked at the girl, her mind  was full of vague ideas of Galatea, the beautiful statue slowly  awakening to this distressful life. " Not happy ? " echoed Mrs. Lockyer. " Oh, why not ? She ought  to be. It's a most desirable match in every way. Mr.  Margrave is well connected and rich, I believe ; and " --this in a  slightly lower key--" between ourselves, the Armstrongs are not particularly  well off. She's a very  quiet  girl, I think ; not that I  know much of her. She s so very young, you know, only just out, 152 A Correspondence out, in fact. This is the  dinner they've given since her engagement, and--" There was a sound of laughter and voices outside, and the  usual little stir and flutter in the room as the men came in. " Ah, he's speaking to her. How splendid they look together,"  exclaimed Mrs. Yeo, who was taking more than her usual interest  in the engagement. The girl looked up with a quick start as the door opened, and hastily withdrew her foot from the fender, as  though she had been guilty of some impropriety. She straightened  herself, and hurriedly smoothed her dress, while her hand tightened  mechanically on the fan she was holding. A close observer might have thought the movement almost a  shrinking one, and in the little fleeting smile with which she  greeted her lover's approach, there was perhaps as much nervousness  as pleasure. She looked very young when she raised her eyes, which were  clear blue, and at  sight, singularly childlike. But their expres- sion was puzzling ; it almost seemed--and Mrs. Yeo was more  interested than ever when she noticed this--as though a new  nature was struggling in them tentatively, and in a half frightened  way, for life and utterance. It was this uncertain air about the girl  altogether, which Mrs. Yeo felt, and which appealed to her as  pathetic. "She wants someone to be  very  kind to her just now," thought the tender-hearted little lady, as she watched the girl's face. The man lingered a few moments beside her, leaning over the  back of her chair, but at the  soft notes of a song, he  turned towards the piano, and in the girl's attitude there was a  faint suggestion of relief, though her eyes followed him rather  wistfully. The singer was a slim girl, with a somewhat striking face, and By Netta Syrett 153 and a cloud of dark wavy hair. She glanced up at Margrave  with a smile of thanks, as he turned over a leaf for her, and when  the song was ended he kept his place at her side. She did not  move from the piano, but began to look over a pile of music as  though searching for something. There was a short silence. " Cecily is lovelier than ever to-night," she observed, abruptly. Margrave smiled and glanced in the direction she was looking.  " Yes," he assented. " That Greek dress of hers is quite an  inspiration." The girl--her name was Gretchen Verrol--bent to pick up a stray leaf before she replied. " Thank you ; don't trouble," she said ; then, " You are praising  me  unawares," she added. " You designed it then ? " " And more, I made it, with these my proper hands," with a  little gesture. " I honour you equally for your inventive and creative faculties,"  he returned laughingly. After a moment, with a sudden change of tone, " Cecily is very  fortunate in having you with her," he said. " You read with her,  I think ? She is very young," and then he hesitated a little, " I  have seen so little of her, and scarcely ever alone, but I fancy she  needs--" he paused. " She is beautiful enough to need nothing besides," Gretchen  interrupted hastily. "Why don't you go and talk to her now?  She is by herself, and I'm not her governess quite, Mr. Margrave,"  she added. A young man came up to the piano at the moment, and she held  out a piece of music to him. " Here is a song I know you sing,  Mr. Graham ! Shall I play it for you ? " she asked almost in the  same breath. Margrave 154 A Correspondence Margrave looked at her a moment with an expression which was  at perplexed, and also a trifle disconcerted before he obediently  went back to Cecily. II Five years difference in the ages of two girls is not too much  to admit the possibility of intimate friendship. Not that this was  the term which could, with any appropriateness, describe the rela- tion between Cecily and Gretchen Verrol, though they were  constantly together, and though Gretchen, and all that she did,  occupied, or at any rate till quite recently had occupied, nearly  the whole of Cecily's mental horizon. Gretchen Verrol was a distant cousin of Mrs. Armstrong, for  whom circumstances had rendered it unavoidable to do something  in the way of help. Most fortunately, both for herself and for the Armstrongs, it  happened that Gretchen was clever and accomplished--" the very  companion we could have chosen for our dear Cecily," as her  mother frequently observed. This being the case, matters were  easily arranged, and for a year previous to Cecily's engagement,  Miss Verrol had lived with the Armstrongs, "reading" with Cecily,  helping her with her music, and generally "forming her taste," as  Mrs. Armstrong again frequently, if somewhat vaguely, remarked. Mrs. Armstrong was a slightly vague person altogether, but kindly-natured and easy-going. Her one positive emotion being admiration for her young cousin, who soon held a very important,  if not the most important, position in the household. Whether her engagement had done anything towards lessening  the exalted opinion of Gretchen which Cecily shared with her  mother was a doubtful question. "Do By Netta Syrett 155 " Do you like that Miss Verrol ? " some one asked her once  rather dubiously, and Cecily looked at her interrogator in a startled, half-awed fashion. " She is so clever, you know," she replied, irrelevantly as it  seemed, glancing furtively behind her as she spoke. Gretchen was still an object of as much wondering reverence to  Cecily a year afterwards as she had been during the  week of  their acquaintance, when Miss Verrol had already summed up her  impressions of the latter, once and for all. She practically knew Cecily, as she remarked to herself, after  the day, and at the end of the  week she proceeded to  recapitulate and to get her by heart. An easy task ! So easy  that she had to sit and look at her with an air of critical wonder. They were reading German. That is, Gretchen was. She  had been pronouncing the words with great distinctness, and  Cecily, with laborious effort after imitation, had made strange and  weird sounds, unlike any language that was ever imagined, far less  spoken. Presently Gretchen's voice stopped, and it was then that  Cecily began to move restlessly, raising apprehensive eyes to those  which her companion bent quietly upon her. The silence became  a little oppressive ; Cecily fidgeted, dropped her eyes, and began  to pull the blotting-paper to pieces with nervous fingers. Gretchen  laid a hand upon it, and quietly drew it away. "It is no good for you to read this;" said Miss Verrol at last, calmly. " No," meekly assented Cecily. "We've tried French--you don't seem to understand anything  of that." " No," she repeatedly hopelessly. " Tell me--you don't really care for music, reading, poetry, pictures, do you ? " This 156 A Correspondence This was practically an assertion, though put in the form of a question. Cecily felt compelled to reply. "No," she acknowledged again, faintly. Gretchen continued to look at her. "It is very curious," she remarked critically, as though she had  come upon a totally new species and was interested. Cecily suddenly dropped her fair head upon her arms, and  burst into tears. Miss Verrol waited silently till the storm was passed. There  was a glass opposite, and she looked across at it as the girl raised  her tear-stained face. "It doesn't matter," she said in the same critical tone. " You  are pretty enough to make it of no consequence. You even look  pretty when you cry. Now,  I  look hideous." This was the  and only spoken allusion to Cecily's mental deficiencies that Gretchen ever made. The reading and music  practising went on regularly as usual, and Cecily still persevered  in her frantic attempts at the German accent. If there was the  slightest trace of weariness in Gretchen's tone as she corrected her  for the  or fifth time in one word, it was so faint as to be  only just appreciable, and when at the end of the hour Cecily  stole an apprehensive glance at her face, it was always calm and  imperturbable. " Now we will have the duet," was what she usually said as she  closed the book. Indeed, her patience during the hours devoted  to "mental culture" was altogether admirable, and if signs of  Cecily's lack of intelligence had been otherwise wanting, they  would have been supplied by the fact that, while humbly re- cognising the goodness and wisdom of Gretchen, and striving  earnestly to be worthy of it, she would yet have found it a relief  if the latter had  sometimes  lost her temper. This By Netta Syrett 157 This absence of impatience or reproach paralysed her. Once  when Gretchen had been called away in the middle of the duet,  she sat vacantly staring at the keys for a moment. All at once, with a sudden frantic movement, she half rose from  her seat at the piano, a look of positive terror in her eyes. " If only she would say something-- anything ! I can't  breathe   when she looks at me," she panted breathlessly. When Gretchen came back she was patiently practising a bar  over and over again. "Try it once more, Cecily," Gretchen said, gazing straight  before her out of the window. " It isn't right." Mrs. Armstrong found her cousin really invaluable. She was  as clever with her fingers as with her brains, and when Cecily  began to go out, she not only designed, but also made most of her  charming gowns for evening wear. She always helped her to dress for dances--dressed her, in fact--  for Cecily generally stood quite passive to have her hair arranged,  her flowers fastened in, or the folds of her gown artistically draped. On these occasions Gretchen never failed to praise her beauty  openly and with an air of impartial criticism, and then Cecily  winced and trembled a little, but said nothing. " I have a comfortable home, but I earn my living," wrote  Gretchen to a friend, when she had been with the Armstrongs  about three months. It was with real concern that a day or two after her daughter's engagement had been finally arranged Mrs. Armstrong learnt that Gretchen was thinking of leaving her. " Cecily will be broken-hearted," she exclaimed plaintively ;  "and she won't be married just yet, you know. Besides, why  should you go at all ? I shall want you more than ever then." But Gretchen was firm. "As 158 A Correspondence "As long as I could be really of use to you, with Cecily, I did  not feel myself dependent," she explained. "But now it will be  different. No, Cousin Mary, that is only your kindness. I  should not be happy in staying on." And Cousin Mary, though demurring, felt it selfish to stand in  the way of the girl's prospects, especially as an acquaintance of  hers, who was about to sail for New Zealand and wanted a  governess, was overjoyed at securing such a charming person as  Miss Verrol for her two girls. "But I'm sure I don't know how to tell Cecily," she lamented  again and again. " I don't know how she'll take it." Cecily took it with a start, and an expression not easy to  read. "But she's such a strange girl," complained her mother, who  was not given to analysis of character to any great extent. III Gretchen's departure had been finally arranged only the day  before Margrave's return to Rome. He could hardly hope to  finish the work he was engaged upon very speedily ; it would pro- bably be at least six months before he met Cecily again, and his  complaint of having seen very little of her during his brief visit was  by no means unfounded. It was difficult to tell how deeply the  girl felt his absence. Perhaps her manner was even quieter and  more subdued than usual, but that was the only noticeable differ- ence in her behaviour. She very rarely mentioned his name. There was a letter lying beside her plate on the breakfast table  the morning after her lover's departure, and Gretchen, glancing  across from her opposite seat, saw her quickly cover it with her hand, By Netta Syrett 159 hand, which she withdrew, a second after, in confusion. Her  mother laughed. " You are not going to read it now, then, Cecie ? " "No, mother," she replied, flushing hotly. An hour or two later, Gretchen opened the door of Cecily's  bedroom. She was pre-occupied, and entered without knocking ;  indeed, she had taken the dress she had come for out of the ward- robe, and was leaving the room before she noticed that Cecily was  there. The girl sat in the corner of the window seat, trying to turn  her head so as to hide that she was crying--an open letter lay on  her lap. Gretchen started. Instinctively her hand groped for the back  of a chair she was passing ; then she drew it away, and straight- ened herself. " What is the matter, Cecily ? " she asked--her voice sounded  a little strained, but it was calm enough. " You have not "--she paused--" there is no bad news ?" Cecily's low sobs choked her voice. There was time for  Gretchen to glance at her own face in the glass and to turn back  to the light, before she replied. " N--no," she said at last ; " but--" Gretchen crossed to her side. "Won't you tell me ? " she asked. There was a little tremble  in her tone now. Cecily heard it, and looked up gratefully.  Gretchen seemed sorry. " I don't like to," she murmured. " You'll say--oh, it's too  silly ! " Her voice broke again in a half sob. " Never mind. Tell me." " Only that--only--because--because I shall have to answer it." The 160 A Correspondence The confession broke from Cecily's lips hesitatingly, and then  she laid one arm hopelessly against the window frame, and hid her  wet eyes against it. Gretchen did not speak for a minute. " The letter, you mean ? " she asked at length, quietly. " Well --there is nothing so dreadful about that, is there ? " Oh, yes, there is--yes, there  is --for  me !  " wailed Cecily. "You may read it." She held out the letter, looking up at  Gretchen despairingly. " You'll see. He asks what I thought of  some of those statues in Rome--and--and the pictures. And --I didn't think anything. Oh, Gretchen ! I know I'm very stupid--but--I had no thoughts about them, except--I wondered  why they kept broken statues in such grand places. But I can't  tell him that, can I ? because people, clever people, think they  are beautiful--without noses--or anything. And all that he says  about the scenery--and you know what my spelling is like--and  oh, Gretchen ! Don't--don't smile like that !" Cecily shrank back into the corner of the window seat, and  covered her face with both hands. Perhaps she had never made  such a long speech before--but Gretchen had seemed sorry. There was quite a long silence. The crisp paper crackled as  Miss Verrol turned the sheets ; still Cecily did not look up. " Well, do you want me to answer it for you ? " The question  was accompanied by a short laugh. The girl's hands dropped from her face in a second, and her  eyes sought Gretchen's inquiringly--incredulously. " Gretchen--do you mean it ? Would you ? Not really ? " " Where is that silk gauze of yours?" asked Gretchen, crossing  the room and stooping over a drawer. " In that box," replied Cecily, sighing--the chance of relief  was gone then. You By Netta Syrett 161 " You see," pursued Gretchen, still turning over things in the  drawer, "it's not quite the same thing as doing your exercises." " No," agreed Cecily, despondently. Then brightening, " But, Gretchen--if you would--you are so clever. You know all about  those statues--and the pictures--and the palaces. You could  write about them." She paused breathlessly. " Oh, yes," replied Miss Verrol carelessly. " I dare say I could--I was considered good at composition--at school. Our relative positions would be somewhat reversed, wouldn't they ? I  should have to bring these exercises to you, for correction and  amendment, and--naturally you are so much better up in the  subject." Another pause. " No, I really don't think I should dare to let you see my  work. There would be so many faults." She had found the scarf now, and was busy smoothing out its  creases. " You have crushed this dreadfully," she said, reproachfully. " Oh, you don't think it's important enough to talk about,"  cried Cecily desperately ; " but I can  never  do it alone. Can't  you help me ? I shouldn't want to see the letters you wrote, you  know," she assured her eagerly. " So----" Gretchen stopped short in the midst of shaking out the filmy  folds. " Not--you mean you would not want to see the letters  I   wrote to  your lover ? " she asked incredulously, fixing her eyes on  the girl's face. Cecily blushed painfully. " No," she hesitated. " Not if you'd rather not. I know it  is easier to do everything--if--if people are not watching you.  And you will do all the important part, about the statues, beauti- The Yellow Book--Vol. VII.  K fully, 162 A Correspondence fully, Gretchen. The only thing I could do would be to--to  send my love." Her voice faltered. " Perhaps you wouldn't  mind always putting that in, at the end, after the other things,  you know ? " " Yes. What am I to say ? " "Just say "--the colour flamed in her cheeks again--"I love you, Noel." She turned her head away sharply, and looked out of  the window. Gretchen still stood beside her, motionless. " Cecily," she said at last, in a low voice, " think--do you really  want me to do this ? I won't if you--" "Yes," she answered brokenly. " If I could do it myself, of  course I--I would rather--but I  can't  ! And after all, it won't  matter so very much, will it, Gretchen ? " She turned to her  like a child, imploring to be reassured by some wise and grown- up person. " I shall  mean  all the things you say." " What about the handwriting ? " asked Gretchen. Her voice  sounded flat and wearied. " Has he seen yours ? " " No. I have never written to him. There has been no  occasion, you see, and he doesn't know yours." Miss Verrol went to the door. As she reached it, she paused  with her hand on the lock. " Remember, you wish it," she said, turning her head over her  shoulder to look at Cecily. The girl rose from the window seat and came towards her.  Her soft hair was all disordered, her cheeks were flushed, and her  pretty blue eyes were still wet. " Yes ; you are very good to me, Gretchen," she began timidly,  putting out her arms. But Gretchen shrank away hastily.  " Mind you will crumple this again," she said. Thus By Netta Syrett 163 IV Thus it happened that regularly every week a letter went to  Rome, beginning, at Cecily's request (her own original contribu- tion), "My dearest Noel," and ending with "your very loving  Cecily." The girl who wrote the letters sat up far into the night.  Not that she was writing all the time. She read and re-read sheets  of close writing on thin foreign paper. Every time she came to an  endearing word her colour came and went, and she drew in her  breath quickly. To be accurate, the words of love were not  many. The letters were perhaps a trifle wanting in colour for a  lover. They were the letters of a clever, cultivated man, a little  cold by nature. Perhaps  too  highly polished. But the reader did  not criticise. She changed colour when she read " my love ; " she  smiled triumphantly when he said how it gratified him to know  that in their tastes and feelings they were so fully in sympathy.  He had not been quite sure of this, he wrote--she had been so  silent, so shy--and he had had to learn from her letters that he  should have a wife as clever as she was beautiful. Once when  she read words to this effect, Gretchen crumpled the paper  fiercely in her hand, and sprang to her feet. With a smile of  self-mockery, she went to the glass and deliberately studied herself.  It reflected a little thin figure, with large, glittering eyes, irregular  features, and a mass of rough, wavy hair. A somewhat striking  apparition--picturesque, perhaps. But beautiful? A vision of  Cecily's stately white loveliness swam before her eyes, and she  turned away impatiently. But the letter must be answered, and she sat down to her  weekly task--a torture which she would not now forego if Cecily  begged it of her on her bended knees. She 164 A Correspondence She knew that Cecily already repented of her request. Every  time she handed Gretchen a letter from her lover, it was with a  more reluctant action, a more wistful and appealing look. She saw, but would not heed. Cecily had decided--the act  was hers--let her abide by it ! In the meantime, every week she could write, with white lips  and shaking hand, " I love you, Noel." Had not Cecily herself  wished it ? " Madness ! Of course, I know that," she thought ; " but if  I like to be mad just once before I go away to live out my dull,  highly respectable life, who is there to hinder me ? It's an  inexpensive luxury. She'll tell him, of course, when they're  married--though there'll be no occasion ; he'll find it out quickly  enough." She smiled scornfully. " But what does that matter ?  I shall be thousands of miles away by that time. I shall never  know how he takes it, or what he thinks." And then she sealed  the letter. Even then, though it was early morning, she sat a long time at  the table, quite still, her face buried in her hands. When she  looked up, it was drawn and haggard. "And I've come to be a thing like this," she whispered, with  a slow self-scorn, " about a man who has forgotten my existence.  And--I am Gretchen Verrol ! " V As time went on, drawing nearer to the expiration of the three  months before her cousin's departure, Mrs. Armstrong's lamenta- tions became more and more frequent. "Cecily, poor child, feels it dreadfully," she repeated. "She is By Netta Syrett 165 is really getting quite thin, and I think she looks ill, though her father says it's like my fidgetiness ! But I don't care ; she shall take a tonic in spite of what he says. I don't like the look of her  at all sometimes. She has such a--I hardly know how to explain  what I mean--such a curious, frightened expression. Have you  noticed it ? You know, Gretchen " (confidentially), "in spite of  a mother's natural feelings, and all that, I shall be glad to have  her married. For my part, I don't approve of long engagements,  but her father is so obstinate. The child feels unsettled, so of  course she's miserable. I expect she misses Noel too, don't you ?  But she says so little, I hardly know  what  to think." There was no doubt that Cecily was growing thin. Her eyes  were unnaturally large and bright ; they had a wistful, troubled  look, and lately she had taken to starting nervously when any one  spoke suddenly to her. Her mother talked of taking her away  somewhere for change of air, as soon as Miss Verrol had gone. "And I hope the voyage will do you good, too," she added,  looking at Gretchen critically. " Do you know you are looking  quite ill ? Bless these young people, there's always something  the matter with them now. I'm sure there never used to be, in my  young days." The last day at the Armstrongs, after all her boxes were ready,  Gretchen spent in paying farewell calls. It was quite late in the afternoon before, the last good-bye said,  and the last polite good wish for her happiness expressed, she found herself once more in front of the house she was so soon to leave.  It was some moments before the door was opened in answer to her  ring, and she stood on the top of the flight of steps and looked  drearily up and down the street. It was a wet night--the pave- ments were all shining with rain, the gas lamps were reflected  waveringly in the puddles on the road. Only one person was in sight 166 A Correspondence sight--a girl in a long shiny waterproof, picking her way carefully  through the mud from one pavement to the other. The rain dripped steadily, drearily from the square portico overhead. Gretchen shivered as she looked. The door was opened and she stepped into the dazzle of the  brightly lighted hall, and began to take off her wet cloak. When  the bright mist cleared, she saw that there was a portmanteau on  the oak chest against the wall ; a bundle of rugs lay beside it ;  from the drawing-room came a distant murmur of voices. "Has any one come, then, Price ? " asked Gretchen, stopping  at the last button of her waterproof. " Yes, miss ; Mr. Margrave. He came unexpected, about two  hours ago. I don't know why James hasn't taken up his things,  I'm sure. I've told him to, times enough." Gretchen put her  cloak into the maid's hands and turned to the stairs. " Will you have some tea, miss ? " " No, thank you," she answered quietly. Upstairs, the door of Cecily's room stood half-open. She was  dressed for dinner already, and she stood before the fire, the tips  of her fingers touching the mantelpiece, her forehead resting upon  them. Gretchen hesitated a moment, then went in. " This is a delight- ful surprise for you, Cecily, isn't it ? " " Yes," said Cecily starting. She had raised her head quickly  when she heard Gretchen's step, but she did not turn round. Gretchen stood looking at her with an indescribable ex- pression. "Why did he come ? " she asked after a moment. " He has been working too hard. The doctor said he was to  rest a little, and take a holiday. So he made up his mind  suddenly to come and see us. He wrote, but the letter hasn't come By Netta Syrett 167 come yet. We got a telegram just after you went out, about half- an-hour before he came." Something in her voice, though she had not listened to what  she said, struck Gretchen as strange. In spite of herself. " You don't seem very glad, Cecily ? You  don't speak quite in the style of the orthodox engaged young  lady," she said, laughing a little as she drew nearer the fire. " I am  not  engaged," murmured Cecily. "  What  ! " Gretchen put her hand on the corner of the mantel- piece to steady herself. " What are you saying ? What do you  mean ? " Cecily turned a pair of frightened eyes towards her. Gretchen  was going to be angry. " I--I have broken it off," she whispered  in a scared way. " Since when ? " "Since he came here this afternoon." Gretchen broke into a shrill laugh. " What a charming  reception ! " she cried. Then she recovered herself. " Tell me about it ! " she  exclaimed peremptorily. Cecily glanced round the room despairingly, then at Gretchen,  who had taken a low chair by the fire and was waiting with a pale  face and that patient air she knew so well. There was no escape.  " May I shut the door ? " she said meekly crossing the room, her  white dress trailing, a tall stately figure in spite of her girlishness. She came back to her place, but did not speak. "Well? "said Gretchen. "I don't know what you want me to tell you." " Why you broke it off." There was another long pause, then Cecily began to speak  low and rapidly. " I shall 168 A Correspondence " I shall never make you understand," she cried hopelessly.  " I didn't mean to do it, to-day. I--I didn't even know that I  had made up my mind to do it at all--till just as I was going into  the drawing-room to see him. Then I seemed to see that it was  all no use." Her voice sank to a whisper ; she was trembling  from head to foot. " You musn't cry. You have to go down, remember," Gretchen  observed in even tones. Cecily drew herself up, "What more shall I tell you ? " she  cried passionately. Gretchen had never heard this tone from her before ; it startled  her. She too rose, and they stood facing one another. "Why do you ask me ? " panted Cecily. " You know--but if  you like I will tell you. I don't mind now. Nothing matters  now. I knew almost from the  that I could not marry him.  He is so clever. And I--every moment I was afraid he would  ask me something I didn't know. I didn't understand the way he  talked. I didn't understand half of what he said to me. I should  never  have understood it ; " she wailed, " I was always afraid  when he came to talk to me, and yet when he was away--"  She checked herself. All the passion had died out of her tone now.  " If I hadn't known it before, his letters would have shown me.  Oh, I did very wrong in asking you to write, Gretchen. I knew  it, the  time he answered  your  letter, and praised what he  thought I'd said." Gretchen suddenly caught her breath. " You never--" she began. " No, I was afraid to ask you not to go on with it when you'd  been so kind, and taken so much trouble," Cecily said. " I see  myself very plainly to-night. Just as though I was some one else --I see that besides--other things--I am a coward." Gretchen By Netta Syrett 169 Gretchen was silent. " He would not listen at ." It seemed that having begun  her confession she  must  speak now, though the words came  falteringly from her trembling lips. " He said he didn't understand --he said there was no reason--I was playing with him. He  spoke of my letters." She paused. " Well ? " gasped Gretchen breathlessly. " Then I thought at any rate I would not deceive him any longer--it was no good--so I told him you wrote them. . . . .  Gretchen !-- don't!  you--you frighten me !" she whispered  hoarsely. Gretchen had seized her by the wrist. Her eyes were burning  in a face as white as death ; they seemed to scorch the girl cower- ing down before her. "  You little fool !  " she exclaimed, her hands dropping heavily at  her sides. Each word stung like the sharp point of an icicle. Cecily staggered back as though she had been struck. It was out at last ! This was what Gretchen had been feeling  about her every minute for a whole year. The words expressed  her whole attitude towards her ; it was what Cecily had all the time  dumbly wished, yet dreaded to hear her say. It was almost a relief --but she was dazed and confused--she did not yet understand what  had forced the words, what had impelled Gretchen, at last, to give  her spoken verdict. She still gazed at her bewildered, hopeless. " What did he think of me ? " inquired Gretchen mockingly.  Her tone was so careless and airy that Cecily half doubted for the  moment whether she could have said those words in  that voice   a second before--then she looked again at her face, and knew that  her ears had not deceived her. She stood for a second with parted lips, and then a great fear  crept up into her eyes, as she covered her face with both hands. " Forgive 170 A Correspondence " Forgive me, Gretchen ! " she murmured. " You--you-- know how stupid I am." It seemed a long time before Gretchen spoke. " I shall not  come down to-night," she answered calmly. " It might complicate  matters perhaps. Say I have a headache, please. I shall arrange  to go by the  train to-morrow. If you think you can invent  any reason for this to Cousin Mary, it might be just as well. If  not--it doesn't matter much." Cecily stood motionless till the door had opened, closed again,  and the room was empty. Then with a helpless movement, she sank down on the floor  before the fire, her fair head buried in the cushions of the easy  chair, to stifle her sobs. " I can't think about Gretchen. I can't think about any one  but him," she whispered to herself brokenly. "What shall I do?  I didn't make myself. It isn't fair. I should have been wretched  if I'd ever been his wife. He would have been ashamed of me.  And yet--yet ! " Presently she rose wearily ; she poured out water and bathed  her eyes, and then arranged her hair carefully before the glass. In a few minutes, except that she was terribly pale, all traces  of violent grief had vanished. Yet to herself she looked so strange that she shuddered to see  her own reflection in the glass, there was something about it that  was so changed. When she turned away, it seemed as though a mask had fallen  upon a trembling living face. The gong sounded, and she went  quietly downstairs ; it was not till the next morning that her  mother knew that the engagement was at an end. * * * * * Mrs. Yeo had come up to town from her country house, on her By Netta Syrett 171 her usual spring visit, which was always devoted to shopping and incidental frivolities. She was at the theatre with her husband  one evening. The house was full, and between the acts she leant  forward on the red velvet cushion before her seat in the dress  circle and inspected the stalls with a view to seeing how the hair  was being worn this season, and whether the sleeves in the new  dinner-dress she had ordered were  too  outrageous. The buzz of talk and the tuneful wail of the violins fell pleasantly on her ears, as she scanned the rows of backs for a possible acquaintance. " There's a beautiful woman. In the second box--look," her husband turned to her to say, lowering his glasses. " Do you  see ? In white--next to a good-looking fellow with a priggish nose." " Why, it's Mrs. Margrave ! " she exclaimed in surprise, after  a moment's scrutiny. " Yes, isn't she  lovely  ? And--yes, that  wretched woman's there too," she added with a change of tone. " Mrs. Margrave ? " he repeated. " Yes. You know, Jim. Cecily Armstrong. We dined at  the Armstrongs' once, two or three years ago, don't you  remember ? I thought her beautiful then. Fancy seeing her  here to-night. It must be quite two years since we met her. I  wonder if she would recognise me ? " "She married that fellow, then? I had some idea it was  all off? " " So it was for a time. There was some mysterious fuss, don't  you remember ? But Mrs. Armstrong worked it. Cecily always  did what she was told. I don't believe the poor child was even  consulted. Look ! " she broke off to exclaim indignantly.  " He isn't paying her the smallest attention. He talks all the  time to that horrid Miss Verrol. I  always  disliked her." Mrs. Margrave was leaning back listlessly in her chair. Her fan 172 A Correspondence fan lay upon her lap. She was apparently gazing straight before  her, though her masses of rippling hair partly concealed her face  from the Yeos. " Who is she ? " " Why, you remember. That Miss Verrol who used to be  Cecily's companion." " I thought she went to America, or New Zealand, or some -where ?" "So she did, but Lady Fairfield had to come home when her  father died, you know, and she brought Miss Verrol with her.  I believe she's living in town with them now as governess, or  secretary, or something ; but she's always at the Margraves', I  hear." Mrs. Yeo gave vent to an untranslatable little exclamation  of disgust. " But why ? " asked her husband. He alluded to the ejacu- lation. " My dear Jim ! Can't you  see  ? Look at them ! " The lights were lowered at the moment, and the curtain rose on  the last act. When it was over, and Mrs. Yeo had collected her wraps, she  turned to glance once more at the Margraves' box, but it was  empty. Down in the brightly lighted vestibule, however, when at length  they reached it, she saw Cecily again. She was standing a little out of the crush, beside one of the  great doors. Her husband was wrapping a white cloak round  Miss Verrol. She said something to him, with an upward glance  as he did so, and they both laughed. Cecily, who stood patiently  waiting at her side, shivered a little at the moment, yet Mrs. Yeo  fancied she did not feel the cold. As she passed her in the door- way, their eyes met. For By Netta Syrett 173 For a moment there was no recognition in the long wistful  gaze which Cecily unconsciously fixed upon her ; then, all at  once, she bent her head and smiled. The crowd swept them apart, and in a few minutes Mrs. Yeo  was being whirled towards the Métropole in a hansom. " You're very quiet," her husband remarked presently. " Didn't  you enjoy the play ? " She put her hand on his, impulsively, and, as she turned to him,  he saw there were tears in her eyes. " You didn't notice her face, Jim, as we passed ? I did. I  shall never forget it. Poor girl ! Poor child ! " Two Pictures By T.C. Gotch I. Blue Hills Mine II. Charcoal Study Under Grey Skies By   S. Cornish Watkins UNDER grey skies we stood that night, We two, and saw, below us there, The city twinkling light on light. Behind, the long road glimmered bare 'Twixt shadowy hedges, faint and white, And heavy hung the silent air. Dimly I saw the fair pale face Uplifted, like a slender flower In some forgotten garden-place, That, at the solemn twilight hour, Through leaves that cross and interlace, Craves from the night her dewy dower. And all my heart went out to thine, And the lips trembled, as to show The fire of love that might not shine ; For, through the glamour and the glow, I felt the clear eyes turned on mine, That knew not love, and could not know. Under 180  Under Grey Skies Under grey skies I stand again, And far beneath me, down the hill, The gas-lamps glimmer through the rain. As it was then, the night is chill, And no one knows the secret pain That holds the sad heart lonely still. Two Hours : Two Women By   Susan Christian BETWEEN the Cotswold hills and the Severn river lies a widely-  spreading town, with innumerable church spires rising from  the midst of its glistening rows of white stucco villas and unimposing  terraces. The more " fashionable " parts of this town are, in  August, a great opportunity for the study of window-blinds, for  at the end of July one house after another looks down on an  agitation of departure in front of its door, and then seems with  fatigued relief to drop its faded eyelids and bask tranquilly in the  hot silence. In a month or six weeks time its pleasurable torpor  will be rudely disturbed by rattling brooms and buckets, and then,  with its stair carpets in new creases and its window-boxes run to  seed, it will stand ready to endure for another spell the life that  will presently pour back into it. Number 50, however, was not entirely deserted ; it was com- pletely noiseless, but the front door was open and the gas was  alight in the dining-room. On the stairs, at the top of the second  landing, there was sitting in the dusk a very tiny boy in his night- shirt ; his small arms were clasped tightly round his spare knees,  and his little outstretched ears had the funny aspect of being  " cocked " like those of a terrier ; he was tensely listening to the  profound stillness. The Yellow Book--Vol. VII.  L    He     182  Two Hours : Two Women  He had tossed about in his bed, and then left it, for it was too  hot to go to sleep. He had no idea the house was so tall as it  seemed to-night ; the downward aspect from the very top landing  was abysmal. He crept down ; and down again a little further ;  no stair-board creaked beneath his elfin footfall. A rudimentary spirit of adventure which attended his setting- out had been quenched ; he called a halt ; he was certainly a little frightened. Poking his head through the bannisters, he could see  in the passage below a streak of light, which lay across it from  the dining-room door ajar ; but there was no sound. Intangible  fears rocked his diminutive soul, his nervous fingers were tightly  interlaced, he was heroically nerving himself to meet calamity. It was a long, long time ; but at last there came the noise of  chair legs scraping over a Brussels carpet. His grown-up sister, then, was still alive, and presumably safe,  for presently there floated up to him, a little out of tune, a few  bars of a then fashionable song. He moved down another flight of stairs, with an apprehension  that she perhaps was feeling solitary. She had begun to work the  sewing-machine, and its dull whirling, which seems always laden  with the weariness of a thousand women's lives, was a harsh  accompaniment to his tragic thoughts. A little dread was mixed with his admiration for his grown-up  sister. She was so upright and trim, the colour in her cheeks was  clear and bright, and there was a dimple in her chin ; but her grey  eyes always smiled above and beyond, and not at him, and this  never quite compensated for her indulgence at teatime, when she  would sometimes only laugh when she saw him surreptitiously  eating the forbidden combination of butter and jam. Even in  after-life he only partially realised what an entire sacrifice his  sister's life had been to him and to his elder brothers. If the slender    By Susan Christian  183   slender education and narrow opportunities of small means,  inevitably, as years went on, contracted her mind to a degree  woefully incomprehensible to the brothers for whom she had thus  helped to make a wider life possible, we may be consoled to think  that she could successfully, for her part, bridge over the chasm  which lay between them by cheerful pride in their success. A  certain brisk cheerfulness was certainly the pivot of her life ; there  was neither self-consciousness nor wistfulness about her immola- tion. She bent now as spiritedly over the machine as in the morning hours, not sensitive to the incongruity of her employ- ment with the magic of the summer twilight. Alas ! she was not sensitive. She never quite understood. It  was one of the impossibilities of existence that any spiritual  suspicion should acquaint her of the little figure outside on the  stairs in the dark, with slow tears creeping down his cheeks. For he was silently crying. He was so very, very lonely, and there was no one in the world  who would come to him. In future years a very strong sense of the ridiculous could never  make him smile at the remembrance of that hour, for he recog- nised that, as he had at length gulped back his childish tears into  his aching throat, and sat on immovably in the gathering dark- ness, he had there, timorously, but for evermore, set his feet in the  path that alone leads beyond sorrow ; the path-- how shall we call  it ? --of accepted loneliness of soul. It was not long ago that, after an interval of many years, he  walked once again through those streets, and past his childhood's  home in the tall terrace. It must have been preconcerted that  there should be standing on the very steps just such another tiny  boy as he himself had once been, in the immaculately clean collar and     184  Two Hours: Two Women  and red-and-white hat ribbon of the well-known school, which,  though it has long changed hands, still retains these distinguishing  marks. He passed by with a smile to visit other haunts, and it is  improbable that any one noticed him. He is a small man, as he  had been a small boy, and it must be confessed that his neckties  are not as piquant as they should be, and that he has no right feel- ing on the question of boots. An insignificant figure perhaps,  but a face with a loveliness of its own, insensibly bringing back  some far, faint, fair sensation, as the clear singing of birds at dawn  in the stunted trees which border the silent streets of a great city. It is impossible to trace the causes which have given him,  without any very obvious genius on his part, the position he holds  in the world of to-day ; where his friends sometimes realise that  he is more to them than they can ever be to him. He possesses one of those old-world houses in James Street,  Buckingham Gate, which look over the end of Wellington  Barracks Square towards the Mall and the Green Park. It was  late in an afternoon towards the end of July, and there were  several people in the little drawing-rooms with their modelled  plaster ceilings. A very young girl in a crisp muslin dress stood  at a window in the front room, looking down on a number of  Guardsmen playing cricket beyond the tall iron railings and the row of dusty plane-trees. There was an undulation of bonnets  and low-pitched voices behind her, and at a piano in the inner- most room, which was much darker, and where conversation had  stilled, there sat a young man, reciting with unrivalled art : "Dear as remember'd kisses after death, And sweet as those by hopeless fancy feign'd On lips that are for others ; .deep as love, Deep as  love, and wild with all regret ; O death in life, the days that are no more . . . ." and, By Susan Christian  185 and, adding to the pathos of the words, music which alone seemed  as if it must light up the flame of romance in cold or old burnt- out hearts, but which roused no appreciable emotion only a little  tepid applause. People were beginning to go away, and well-known men and  women passed down the twisted oak staircase. The fragile-look- ing young man who had recited remained to the last, and, talking  with him, a slender woman, whose dark auburn hair was just  slightly turning grey. Her host went with her downstairs, and  across the pavement to her carriage. " When do you leave town ? " he said. " You are looking com- pletely done up." " Ah, well, it will be soon," she answered. " And you ? " "I shall turn up again with the swallows." It was characteristic of him that he never directly answered  questions about himself. They were holding one another's hands above the closed door  of the tall barouche. The sunset, which was making splendid the  tree-tops in the Green Park, illumined for them each other's pale  face. It was the highest tribute that was ever paid him, that she,  a very proud woman, did not mind that he should know she had  always loved him. They had built between each other with respectful hands a  wall of silence, across which her eyes had long learnt not to  wander, but he saw to-night once more in the brown depths which  it was the vogue to call " cold," the gleam of bitter emotion. He quietly withdrew his hand, and for the  time in their  long acquaintanceship she felt for him a slight contempt. It was an ironical moment. She wished him to know that in quite a short time she was to  die, and that this was truly a last good-bye. A bugle 186  Two Hours: Two Women A bugle was sounding at the other end of the barrack square ;  people passed along the pavement where the tall footman stood  immovable ; the innumerable windows in the row of houses  gazed down unblinkingly. It all seemed to her so detached, so far  away, unreal ; and he the greatest unreality. She did not look at him again, but signalled to the footman, and  bent her head as the horses sprang forward. She was not to be  unenvied. Her last disappointment on earth was over as she went  swiftly up the Buckingham Palace Road. For himself, he returned to his dishevelled rooms, and, teased  by some vague half-misgiving, stood a few moments beside the  open piano, tapping gently with his fingers on the mirror-like  wood before sitting down to play. Ah ! the inexplicable incapacities or the human soul ! Yet here, under his moving hands, was music--such music ;  perfect expression of immortal pain, immortal love. Seascape By Percy R Craft Sic tu recoli merearis ! By   A. C. Benson O  SOUL , my soul, before thou com'st to die, Set one deep mark upon the face of time, Let one absorbing laughter, one grave rhyme Ring in the heedless wind that hurries by. Yon smooth-limbed beech, that hangs upon the slope With branching spray, with firm and shapely arm, Hath, could'st thou write it, a bewildering charm Would gild thy name beyond thy utmost hope ! O soul, my soul, be true, laborious, just,-- And some chance word, some penetrating smile, Flashed with no purpose, no impulsive aim, Shall live, and breed strong thoughts, when thou art dust ; And mount, and gather strength, and roll in flame Beyond the utmost Orient's utmost isle ! The Iniquity of Oblivion By   Kenneth Grahame A MAN I know is fond of asking the irritating question--and  in putting it he regards neither age nor sex, neither ancient  friendship nor the rawest nodding acquaintance--" Did you ever  forget an invitation to dinner ? " Of course the denial is prompt, passionate, and invariable.  There are few crimes of which one would not rather be accused  than this. He who cannot summon up the faintest blush at the  recollection of having once said " Season," when no money had passed between him and the Railway Company whose guest he  was for the moment--of having under-stated his income for  purposes of taxation--or of having told his wife he was going  to church, and then furtively picked up a fishing-rod as he passed  through the hall--will colour angrily at the most innocent sugges- tion of a single possible lapse of memory regarding an invitation  to dinner. But, none the less, every one finds it a little difficult  to meet the natural rejoinder : " How do you know ? " Indeed, no other reply but painful silence is possible. To say,  " Because I do," is natural enough, and frequently quite conclusive  of further argument ; still, it can hardly be called a reasoned refutation. The fact is, you  don't  know, and you cannot know.  Your conviction that you do is based, , on some sort of idea that By Kenneth Grahame  193 that you are bound to recollect, sooner or later, anything that you  may have forgotten : an argument that only requires to be stated  to display its fallacy ; secondly, on a vague belief that a defection  of so flagrant a character must inevitably be brought home to you  by an incensed host or hostess--a theory that makes no allowance  for the blissful sense of injury and offended pride, the joy of brood- ing over a wrong, which is one of the chief pleasures left to  humanity. No : one doesn't know, and one can't know : and the  past career of the most self-satisfied of us is doubtless littered with  the debris of forgotten invitations. Of course invitations, being but a small part of life, and not-- as some would imply by their practice--its chief end, must be taken to stand here for much besides. One has only to think of  the appalling amount of book-lore one has " crammed " in days  gone by, and of the pitiful fragments that survive, to realise that  facts, deeds, achievements, experiences numberless, may just as  well have been hurried along the dusty track to oblivion. And  once it has been fairly brought home to us that we have entirely  forgotten any one thing--why, the gate is open. It is clear we  may just as easily have forgotten hundreds. This lamentable position of things was specially forced upon  me, some time ago, by a certain persistent dream that used to  wing its way to my bedside, not once or twice, but coming a  dozen times, and always (I felt sure at the time) from out the  Ivory Portal. , there would be a sense of snugness, of  cushioned comfort, of home-coming. Next, a gradual awakening  to consciousness in a certain little room, very dear and familiar,  sequestered in some corner of the more populous and roaring part  of London : solitary, the world walled out, but full of a brooding  sense of peace and of possession. At times I would make my way  there, unerringly, through the wet and windy streets, climb the well-known 194  The Iniquity of Oblivion well-known staircase, open the ever-welcoming door. More often  I was there already, ensconced in the most comfortable chair in  the world, the lamp lit, the fire glowing ruddily. But always the  same feeling of a home-coming, of the world shut out, of the  ideal encasement. On the shelves were a few books-- a very few  --but just the editions I had sighed for, the editions which refuse  to turn up, or which poverty glowers at on alien shelves. On the  walls were a print or two, a woodcut, an etching--not many.  Old loves, all of them, apparitions that had flashed across the field  of view in sale-rooms and vanished again in a blaze of three figures ; but never possessed--until now. All was modest--O, so  very modest ! But all was my very own, and, what was more,  everything in that room was exactly right. After three or four visits, the uncanniness of the repetition set  me thinking. Could it possibly be, that this was no dream at  all ? Had this chamber, perhaps, a real existence, and was I all the  time leading, somewhere, another life--a life within a life--a life  that I constantly forgot, within the life that I happened to remember ? I tried my best to bring the thing to absolute proof.  , there was that frequent sense of extreme physical weariness  with which I was wont to confront the inevitable up-rising of the morning--might not that afford a clue ? Alas, no : I traced my mornings back, far behind the beginnings of the dream. I could  not remember a day, since those rare white ones at school when  it was a whole holiday, and summer was boon and young, when I  had faced the problem of getting up with anything but a full  sense of disgust. Next I thought, I will consult my accounts.  Rooms must be paid for in London, however modest they may be ;  and the blessed figures can't lie. Then I recollected that I did  not keep any accounts--never  had  kept any accounts--never in- tended to keep any beastly accounts--and, on the whole, I confess I was By Kenneth Grahame  195 I was rather glad. Statistics would have been a mean prosaic way  of plucking out the heart of this mystery. My only chance  seemed to lie in coming across the place by accident. Then  perhaps the extinguished torch would re-kindle, the darkened garret  of memory would be re-illumed, and it would be in my power at  last to handle those rare editions, not capriciously as now, but at  any hour I pleased. So I haunted Gray's Inn, Staple Inn,  Clifford's Inn ; hung about by-streets in Bloomsbury, even back- waters in Chelsea ; but all to no result. It waits, that sequestered  chamber, it waits for the serene moment when the brain is in just  the apt condition, and ready to switch on the other memory even  as one switches on the electric light with a turn of the wrist.  Fantasy ? well-- perhaps. But the worst of it is, one never can feel  quite sure. Only a dream, of course. And yet--the enchanting  possibility ! And this possibility, which (one feels convinced) the  wilful brain could make reality in a moment if it were only  in the right humour, might be easily brought about by some  accidental physical cause, some touch, scent, sound, gifted with  the magic power of recall. Could my ringers but pass over the  smooth surface of those oak balustrades so familiar to me, in a trice  I would stand at the enchanted door. Could I even see in some  casual shop-window one of those prints my other existence hoards  so safe and sure--but that is unlikely indeed. Those prints of  the dim land of dreams, " they never are sold in the merchant's  mart ! " Still, if one were only to turn up, in twopenny box or  dusty portfolio, down in Southwark, off the roaring Strand, or somewhere along the quaint unclassified Brompton Road, in a  flash the darkness would be day, the crooked would be made  straight, and no policeman would be called upon to point out the  joyous way. If The Iniquity of Oblivion  196 If I have special faith in this sort of divining-rod, it is because  of a certain strange case I once encountered and never quite  elucidated. There was a certain man, respectable enough in  every particular ; wore drab spats all the year round, lived in a  suburb, and did daily business on the " Baltic." When the  weather was fine, and a halcyon calm brooded o'er the surface of  the Baltic, instead of taking his suburban train at Cannon Street,  he used to walk as far as Charing Cross : and before departing, if  time allowed, he would turn into the National Gallery. Of a  catholic mind, for he had never strayed down the tortuous byways  of Art, he only went in to be amused, and was prepared to take  his entertainment from all schools alike, without any of the  narrow preferences of the cultured. From the very , how- ever, the Early Tuscans gripped him with a strange fascination,  so that he rarely penetrated any further. What it was precisely  that so detained him could never be ascertained. The man was  not apt in the expression of subtle emotion, and never succeeded  in defining the strong " possession "--for such it seemed to be-- by which he was caught and held. The next phase in the case  was, that he took to disappearing. He disappeared literally and  absolutely--sometimes for a few days, sometimes for a fortnight  or more ; and on his return could tell nothing, explain nothing.  Indeed, he did not seem to be really conscious of any absence. It  was noted in time that his disappearances always coincided with his visits to the National Gallery. Thither he could be tracked ;  there all trace of him would cease. His female relations--an unimaginative, uneducated crew--surmised the unkindest things  in their narrow way. Still, even they found it difficult to fling a  stone at the Early Tuscans. For myself, I like to think that  there was some bit of another life hidden away in him--some  tranced memory of another far-away existence on Apennine slopes --which By Kenneth Grahame  197 --which some quality in these pictures, and in these alone, had power to evoke. And I love to think that, transformed by  this magic touch back into the other man of him, he passed,  dream-possessed, forth from the portico, through Trafalgar Square,  and into Charing Cross Station. That there, oblivious of all  suburbs, he purchased one of those little books of coupons so  much more romantic than your vulgar inland slip of pasteboard,  and in due course sped Southwards--irresistibly drawn,--took the  Alps in a series of whorls, burrowings, and breathless flights o'er  torrent and fall--till he basked at last, still speeding South, in  the full sunlight that steeps the Lombard plain. Arrived in time,  where his destiny (which was also his past) awaited him, I could  see him, avoiding clamour of piazza, shunning prim airlessness of  Galleria and Accademia, climbing the white road to where, in some  little village or red-tiled convent, lurked the creation, madonna or  saint, that held the other end of the subtle thread. The boy- lover, had he been, of this prim-tressed model ? Or the St.  George or homely St. Roch who guarded her ? Or himself  the very painter ? Whatever the bond, here I could imagine him to  linger, steeping his soul in the picture and in the surroundings so  native both to it and to the man whose life for a brief minute he  lived again, till such time as that sullen devil within him--the  later memory of the man he also was-- began to stir drowsily and  to urge him homewards, even as the other had urged him out.  Once back, old sights and sounds would develop the later man  into full being and consciousness, and as before he would tread  the floor of the Baltic, while oblivion swallowed the Tuscan existence--until the next time ! These instances, it is true, are but "sports" in oblivion-lore.  But, putting aside such puzzle-fragments of memory, it is im- possible not to realise, in sad seriousness, that of all our recollection has 198  The Iniquity of Oblivion has once held, by far the larger part must be by this time in the  realm of the forgot ; and that every day some fresh delightful  little entity pales, sickens, and passes over to the majority. Sir  Thomas Browne has quaintly written concerning the  days of  the young world, " when the living might exceed the dead, and to  depart this world could not be properly said, to go unto the  greater number"; but in these days of crowded thought, of the  mind cultured and sensitised to receive such a swarm of impres- sions, no memory that sighs its life out but joins a host far exceed- ing what it leaves behind. 'Tis but a scanty wallet that each of  us carries at his back. Few, indeed, and of a sorry mintage,  the thin coins that jingle therein. Our gold, lightly won, has been  as lightly scattered, along waysides left far behind. Oblivion,  slowly but surely stalking us, gathers it with a full arm, and  on the floor of his vast treasure-house stacks it in shining piles. And if it is the larger part that has passed from us, why not  also the better part ? Indeed, logic almost requires it ; for to  select and eliminate, to hold fast and let go at will, is not given to  us. As we jog along life's highroad, the knowledge of this  inability dogs each conscious enjoyment, till with every pleasant  experience comes also the annoying reflection, that it is a sheer  toss-up whether this is going to be a gain, a solid profit to carry  along with us, or fairy gold that shall turn to dust and nothing- ness in a few short mornings at best. As we realise our helpless- ness in the matter, we are almost ready to stamp and to swear.  Will no one discover the chemical which shall fix the fleeting  hue ? That other recollection, now--that humiliating, that dis-  gusting experience often years ago-- that  is safe enough, permanent, indestructible, warranted not to fade. If in this rag-fair we were  only allowed to exchange and barter, to pick and choose !  Oblivion, looking on, smiles grimly. It is he that shall select, not By Kenneth Grahame  199 not we ; our part is but to look on helplessly, while--though he may condescend to leave us a pearl or two--the bulk of our jewels is swept into his pocket. One hope alone remains to us, by way of consolation. These  memories whose passing we lament, they are torpid only, not  dead. They lie in a charmed sleep, whence a chance may awaken  them, a touch make the dry bones live ; though at present we  know not the waking spell. Like Arthur, they have not  perished, but only passed, and like him they may come again  from the Avalon where they slumber. The chance is small,  indeed. But the Merlin who controls these particular brain-cells,  fitful and capricious though he be, after the manner of magicians,  has powers to which we dare not assign limits. At any moment  the stop may be pulled out, the switch pressed, the key turned,  the Princess kissed. Then shall the spell-bound spring to life, the  floodgates rise, the baked arid canals gleam with the silver tide ;  and once more we shall be fulfilled of the old joys, the old thrills,  the old tears and laughter. Better still--perhaps best of all--as those joyous old memories,  hale and fresh once more, troop out of the catacombs into the  light, these insistent ones of the present, this sullen host that be- leaguers us day and night with such threatening obsession, may vanish, may pass, may flee away utterly, gone in their turn to  lodge with Oblivion--and a good riddance ! The Yellow Book--Vol. VII.  M Solitude By John Crooke The Poet's Picture By   Olive Custance THE pent-up passion of her soul Deepens the pallor of her face, Against her throbbing heart the whole Wide sorrow of the world finds place, And deep compassion and love's grace. The forehead 'neath the cloudy hair Is like a child's--so pure and white-- Sweet words have curved the rose-lips fair-- And in the wistful eyes a flight Of fluctuant dreams pass, day and night. Frail girl in whom God's glories meet, Why was she so divinely made ? Surely the angels, when complete Her radiant spirit stood arrayed In such fair flesh, felt half afraid ! The 204  The Poet's Picture The dust of earthly days and years Scarce dims her delicate loveliness-- Only the eyelids, tired of tears, Droop low--their flower-like pallidness Bruised faintly by pain's bitterness. Only her hands, like ivory, Are stained a little by the sun, And roughed with constant use--for she Is careless of their beauty won From dawn of life so easily. Alas ! that her slim feet should tread The world's uneven stony ways ! That she should know dull cares and dread-- Long lonely nights and sordid days, Being so fashioned for love's praise. Lest she should sin or faint from fear, Let one swift angel heed my prayer, And straight descending to this sphere Spread wide wings o'er her everywhere,-- Lest she should fall--who is so dear ! Charcoal Study By John da Costa Stories Toto Told Me By   Baron Corvo I--About San Pietro and San Paolo ONCE upon a time, sir, the people in Rome were building two  churches, the one for San Pietro on the Monte Vaticano,  and the other for San Paolo outside the walls of the city. The  two Saints used to spend all their spare time sitting on one of the  balconies of heaven and watching the builders, for they were both  very anxious about their churches. San Pietro desired to have his  church finished before San Paolo's, and so, every night after it was  dark, he used to leave the keys of heaven in the porch, and ask his  brother, Sant' Andrea, to give an eye to the gate while he went  round the corner for a minute or two. Then he would slip down  to San Paolo's church and take to pieces the work which the  builders had done during the day, and if there were any carvings  or pillars or things of that sort which took his fancy, he would  carry them away and build them into his own church, patching up  the part he had taken them from so well that no one could tell the difference. And so, while the builders of the church of San  Pietro made a progress which was wonderful, the builders of the  church of San Paolo did not make any progress at all. This went on for a long while, and San Paolo became more uneasy 210  Stories Toto Told Me uneasy in his mind every day, and he could not take his food, and nothing gave him any pleasure. Santa Cecilia tried to amuse him  with some new songs she had made, but this caused him to get  quite angry, and he said that a woman ought to learn in silence  with subjection. One day while he was leaning over the balcony, he saw two  pillars taken into his church which were of yellow antique, most  rare and precious, and had been sent from some foreign country  (I do not know its name). He was altogether delighted, and he  went down to the gate and asked San Pietro to be so kind as to tell  him whether he had ever seen finer pillars. But San Pietro only  said they were rather pretty, and then he asked San Paolo to get  out of the way and let him shut the gate, in case some improper  souls should sneak in. That night, sir, when it was dark, San Pietro went and robbed  those two pillars of yellow antique, and set them up in his own  church. But in the morning, San Paolo, who had thought of  nothing but his new pillars all through the night, said a black  mass because it was shorter, and then went on to the balcony to  have the pleasure of looking at his church with its beautiful  pillars of yellow antique. And when he saw that they were not  there he became disturbed in his mind, and he went and sat down  in a shady place to consider what he should do next. After much  thought it appeared to him that he had been robbed, and as he knew that a person who has once committed a theft will continue  to steal as long as he remains free, he resolved to watch his church  at night, that he might discover who had stolen his pillars. During the day the builders of San Paolo's church put up two  fresh pillars of yellow antique, and two of  porphyry, and two of green antique as well. San Paolo gloated over these fine things  from his seat on the balcony, for he knew that they were so beau-  tiful By Baron Corvo  211   tiful that they would tempt the thief to make another raid, and  then he would catch him. After the Ave Maria he made friends with one of the angels who  was just putting on his armour in the guard-room before taking  his place in the line of sentries who encircle the city of God both  by day and night. These angels, sir, are at the least a hundred  feet high, and San Paolo asked one of them, whose post was near  the gate, to hide him under his wings so that he could watch for  the robber without being seen. The angel said that he was most  happy to oblige ; for San Paolo was a Roman of Rome, and very  well thought of in heaven ; so when the night came on San Paolo  hid in the shadow of his feathers. Presently he saw San Pietro go out of the gate, and the light, of  which the bodies of the saints are made, went with him, so that,  though the earth was in darkness, San Paolo could see plainly all  that he did. And he picked up the two fresh pillars of yellow  antique, and the two of red porphyry, and also the two of green  antique in his hand, just as you, sir, would pick up six paint- brushes, and he carried them to his own church on the Monte  Vaticano and set them up there. And when he had patched up  the place from which he had taken the pillars so that they could  not be missed, he came back into heaven. San Paolo met him at the gate and accused him of thieving, but  San Pietro answered blusteringly that he was the Prince of the  Apostles, and that he had a right to all the best pillars for his  church. San Paolo replied that once before he had had occasion  to withstand San Pietro to the face because he was to be blamed  (and that was at Antioch, sir), and then high words arose, and  the two saints quarrelled so loudly that the Padre Eterno, sitting  upon His Sapphire Throne, sent San Michele Arcangiolo to bring  the disputants into His Presence. Then 212  Stories Toto Told Me Then San Paolo said : "O Maesta Onnipotente,--The citizens of Rome are build- ing two churches, the one for me and the other for San Pietro;  and for some time I have noticed that while the builders of my  church do not seem to make any progress with their work, the  church of San Pietro is nearly finished. The day before yester- day (and to-day is Saturday) two pillars of yellow antique were  set up in my church, most beautiful pillars, Maesta, but some- body stole them away during the night. And yesterday six  pillars were set up, two of yellow antique, two of green antique,  and two of porphyry. To-night I watched to see if they would  be stolen, and I have seen San Pietro go down and take them to  his own church on the Monte Vaticano." Then the Padre Eterno turned to San Pietro, asking him if he  had anything to say. And San Pietro answered : " Domeniddio, I have long ago learnt the lesson that it is  not well to deny that which your Omniscience knows to be  true, and I acknowledge that I have taken the pillars, and many  other things too, from the church of San Paolo, and have set  them up in my own. Nevertheless, I desire to represent that  there is no question of robbery here. Altissimo, you have deigned  to make me the Prince of the Apostolic College, the Keeper of  the Keys of Heaven, and the Head of Your Church on earth,  and it is not fitting that the churches which men build in my  honour should be less magnificent than those which they build for San Paolo. Therefore, in taking these pillars that San Paolo  makes such a ridiculous fuss about, I am simply within my right --a right which belongs to the dignity of the rank which the  immortal splendour of your Majesty has been graciously pleased  to confer upon me." But By Baron Corvo  213   But this defence did not content the Padre Eterno. He said  that the secret method on which San Pietro worked was a proof  that he knew he was doing what he ought not to do, and further,  that it was not fair to the men who were building San Paolo's  church to take away the fine things for which they spent their  money for the honour of San Paolo. So he cautioned San Pietro  not to allow it to occur again. On the next day there was a festa and the builders did not  work, but on the Monday they placed in the church of San Paolo  several slabs of lapis lazuli and malachite, and during the night  San Pietro, who was the most bold and daring of men, had the  hardihood to take them away and put them in his own church,  right before the very eyes of San Paolo, who stood at the gate  watching him. By the time he returned San Paolo had made a  complaint before the Padre Eterno, and San Pietro was most  severely spoken to, and warned that, if he persisted in his disobe- dience, not even his exalted rank and general usefulness and good  conduct would save him from punishment. The following day, which was Tuesday, a marvellous balda- chino of jasper and violet marble, which was the gift of the Grand  Turk, was put up in the church of San Paolo, and at night San  Pietro went down as usual and robbed it. For the  time  San Paolo complained to the Padre Eterno, and then all the  Court of Heaven was summoned into the Presence  to hear judgment pronounced. The Padre Eterno said--and His Voice, sir, was like rolling thunder--that as San Pietro had been guilty of disobedience to the  Divine Decree, in that, urged on by vanity, he had taken the property of San Paolo for his own church on the Monte Vaticano,  and by so doing had prevented the church of San Paolo from  being finished, it was an Order that until the end of time the great 214  Stories Toto Told Me great church of San Pietro in Rome should never be completed.  The Padre Eterno also added, that as He would give no en- couragement to sneaks and tell-tale-tits, the church of San Paolo  outside the walls, though finished, should be subjected to destruc- tion and demolition, and, as often as it was rebuilt, so often should  it be destroyed. And you know, sir, that San Paolo's church is always being  burnt down or blown up, and that San Pietro's church has never  left the builders' hands. II--About the Lilies of San Luigi You know, sir, that San Sebastiano and San Pancrazio were  always very friendly together. While they lived in this  world they used to get into mischief in each other's company,  for they were extremely fond of playing tricks upon the pagans  who were putting the Christians to death. Then, when their turn came, they gladly suffered martyrdom,  and San Pancrazio was killed by a wild beast in the Colosseo in  Rome, while San Sebastiano was shot as full of arrows as a hedge- hog is of prickles, and when that did not kill him he was beaten  with a club until he died. And then they both went to live in  heaven for ever and the day after. Now, I must tell you what they look like, so that you may  know them when you see them.  of all, you must under- stand that the saints in heaven are always young ; that is to say,  if you are old when your life in this world comes to its end, you  just shut your eyes while your angel takes you to heaven, and  when you open them the next minute you are there, and you have By Baron Corvo  215   have gone back to the prime of your life, and so you are for  always ; but if you die while you are young you do not change  your age, but remain at the age at which you died. That is, if  you die a saint, or a martyr, which is better ; and, of course, you  can always do that if you like. And even supposing it is good  for you to have a little purgatory , if you have kept good  friends with the Madonna she will go and take you out the  Saturday after you have died, and then you can go to heaven. And your body, too, is changed, so that you cannot have any  more pains or illnesses. Oh, yes ; it is made of flesh, just the  same to look at as this ; but instead of the flesh being made of  the dust of the earth it is made of the Fire of God, and that is  why wherever the saints go they are all bright like the stars. Ah, well, San Sebastiano was eighteen years old when he went  to heaven, and so he is always eighteen years old ; and San  Pancrazio was fourteen, and so he is always fourteen ; and they  are quite as cheerful and daring and mischievous as they were in  this world, so that when a joke has been played upon any of the  saints they always say, " By Bacchus, there are those boys  again." There are, of course, very many boys in heaven, but now I am  only telling you of these two--San Sebastiano and San Pancrazio,  and the , whose name is San Luigi, and the angel of San  Sebastiano, who is called Iriello. You must know that San Luigi was altogether different to San  Sebastiano and San Pancrazio. Of course he had not been a  martyr like them, though he is a very great saint indeed, and I  suppose it is because he has only been in heaven a little while and  is new to the place that his manners are so stiff. He always goes  about with his eyes on the ground, you know, and there is not a  bit of fun in him. You see, he was a Jesuit, and there were no such 216  Stories Toto Told Me such things in the world for hundreds of years after San Sebastiano  and San Pancrazio had been saints in heaven. When he   came, San Sebastiano and San Pancrazio thought there was another  boy like themselves to join in their games, and they were quite  eager to make his acquaintance and to give him a welcome. So  the moment the choir struck up the " Iste Confessor," they  rushed down to the gate to offer him their friendship. San Luigi  came slowly through the archway, dressed in a cassock and surplice,  carrying a lily in his hand, and his eyes were fixed upon the  ground ; but when San Sebastiano and San Pancrazio, with their  arms locked together, said how pleased they were to see him,  he looked up at them shyly and said, "Many thanks," and then  the appearance of San Sebastiano so shocked him that he blushed  deeply and veiled his eyes again, and after that he kept out of  their way as much as possible. You see, sir, San Sebastiano was quite naked. Indeed he had  nothing about him but his halo and an arrow; for when the  pagans made a target of him they stripped off all his clothes and  so he came to heaven like that. You can see his picture in the  Duomo whenever you choose, if you do not believe me.  But he was so beautiful and muscular, and straight and strong,  and his flesh so white and fine, and his hair like shining gold,  that no one had ever thought of him as naked before. San Luigi,  however, found him perfectly dreadful, and pretended to shiver  whenever he met him, which was not very often, because San Luigi spent most of his time in the chapel saying the Little Office. San Sebastiano did consider him slightly rude, perhaps, and, of  course, San Pancrazio agreed with his friend, and though they  were quite good-natured and unwilling to make any unpleasant- ness, still they could not help feeling hurt when this newcomer-- and that was the worst name they ever called him--turned up his nose By Baron Corvo  217   nose because their minds and their manners were more gay and  free than his. One very hot afternoon in summer the two saints went to  practise their diving in a delicious pool of cool water under a  waterfall ; and when they were tired of that they lay down on the  bank and dangled their legs in the stream, while the sun was  drying their haloes. Presently San Luigi came creeping along with an old surplice  in his hand, and he went up to San Sebastiano and offered it to  him, holding his lily up before his face all the time he was speak- ing. San Sebastiano did not move, but lay there on the green  grass, looking at San Luigi with his merry laughing eyes, and  saying not a word ; and San Pancrazio did the same. San Luigi  repeated his offer from behind his lily, and implored San Sebastiano  to put on the surplice, just to cover up his poor legs, he said. San  Sebastiano replied that he didn't think there was anything amiss  with his legs, which were good enough, as far as he could see,  because the Padre Eterno had made them like that, and He  always did all things well. Then San Luigi offered the surplice to San Pancrazio, who was also naked, because he had been  bathing ; but he laughed as he answered, with many thanks, that  he had some very good clothes of his own, which he would put  on when he was dry ; and he pointed out his beautiful tunic  of white wool with a broad purple stripe down the front, and his  golden bulla, and his sandals of red leather, with the pearl crescent  on the toes, for he was noble, sir, and also a Roman of Rome.  San Luigi said that the tunic was rather short but it was better  than nothing, and then he turned to San Sebastiano and again  entreated him to put on the surplice. Presently San Sebastiano stretched out his splendid arm from  the long grass where he lay, and grabbed the surplice so suddenly that 218  Stories Toto Told Me that San Luigi dropped down on his knees, aud his lily became disarranged ; and while he was picking himself up San Sebastiano  rolled the surplice into a ball and tossed it over to San Pancrazio,  who threw it back to him ; and the two saints played ball with it  quite merrily for some minutes, and all the time San Luigi was  protesting that he had not brought it out for that purpose, and  beseeching them not to be so frivolous. But the game amused  them to such an extent that they were now running to and fro  upon the bank and taking long shots at each other. San  Sebastiano had just made a particularly clever catch, but in  returning the ball he over-balanced himself and tumbled splash into the pool. This had a bad effect on his aim, and instead of  the ball going in the direction he intended--that is to say,  towards San Pancrazio--it flew straight in San Luigi's face. He  was still holding up his lily for a screen, and consequently it was  crushed and broken and all the blooms destroyed ; and he seemed  so grieved at this that the two friends--for San Sebastiano  immediately swam to the side and climbed out of the pool--tried  to console him by telling him that they would get him another in  two winks of an eye. But San Luigi said that was no good, because he always got  his lilies off his altars down in the world, and no others would suit  him ; and there were none there now because it was not his festa  till to-morrow, and nobody would offer him any lilies till then. When they heard this San Sebastiano and San Pancrazio burst  into roars of laughter, and they made such a noise that the Padre  Eterno, who was walking in the garden in the cool of the day,  sent one of the Cherubim from His Aureola to know what it was  all about. San Pancrazio jumped into his tunic and put his bulla round  his neck, while San Sebastiano laced his sandals for him, and then the By Baron Corvo  219   the two friends stood at " Attention ! " as the Suprema Maesta e  Grandezza came under the trees towards them. Of course, you  know, sir, that San Sebastiano was in the Emperor's body-guard  when he lived in the world, and he had taught San Pancrazio all  the drill. Then San Sebastiano looked boldly into the Face of the Padre  Eterno, and said: " O Padre celeste e Domeniddio, we were laughing at Luigi  because he will not have the lilies of Paradise, and prefers the  nasty things they put upon his altars in the world." San Luigi got quite angry at hearing his lilies called nasty, and  the Padre Eterno said that the word certainly ought not to have  been used unless San Sebastiano had a very good reason. Then San Pancrazio explained that he was sure San Sebastiano  did not mean to make any reflection upon the lilies themselves,  because it would not be becoming to speak against the handiwork  of the Padre Eterno; but it was because the people who offered  the lilies to San Luigi did not come by them in an honourable  manner, that he had said they were nasty ; and San Sebastiano  nodded his head and said that was just it. These words made San Luigi still more angry ; and his wrath  was so righteous and unaffected that San Sebastiano saw he was in  ignorance of the dirty tricks of his clients, so he said that if  l'Altissima Maesta would deign to allow them, he and San Pan- crazio would show San Luigi where his lilies came from. The  Padre Eterno was graciously pleased to grant permission, and  passed on His way, for He knew that San Sebastiano was a boy  whom you could trust anywhere. Then San Sebastiano told San Luigi that if he could put up  with the company of San Pancrazio he proposed they should make  a little gita into the world that very night, because, as the next The Yellow Book--Vol. VII.  N day 220  Stories Toto Told Me day was his festa, all the boys would be getting lilies for his  altars ; and in the meantime he invited him to come and look over  the ramparts. So the three saints went and stood upon the wall of gold ; and  beneath their feet they could see the world whirling round in  space. San Sebastiano pointed out that by midnight they would  be just above a little white town which clustered up the side of a  distant mountain. He said that it was called Genzano, and that  the Prince Francesco Sforza Cesarini had there a palace with the  most beautiful gardens in the world, which were sure to be full of  lilies at that time of year. San Luigi made answer that he would like to say his matin  and lauds, and to get his meditation ready for the morning, before  they started ; and he agreed to meet San Sebastiano and San  Pancrazio at a little before midnight. You know, sir, that there is no night in heaven, or rather, I  should say, that it does not get dark there ; and so, when San Luigi  came to look for San Sebastiano and San Pancrazio, he found them  in the orchard near the gate, turning a skipping-rope for Sant'  Agnese and some of her friends ; but San Vito and San Venanzio,  who were tired of playing morra, were willing to take their places  at the rope ; and then they were all ready to start on their journey. San Sebastiano called his angel, Iriello and told him where he  wanted to go. I ought to have let you know that the appearance of Iriello  was exactly like that of San Sebastiano, only he did not carry an  arrow, and he had wings growing out of his arms of the same  colour as his body, but getting whiter towards the tips of the  feathers. And then, of course, he was as big as a giant, like all  the other angels--how many yards high I cannot say, because I  do not exactly know. The    By Baron Corvo  221   The three saints mounted him in this manner: San Pancrazio stood on his left instep and put one arm round  his leg to steady himself, and San Sebastiano stood on his right  instep and put one arm round his leg to steady himself too ; San  Luigi also stood on the right instep of Iriello, close to San  Sebastiano, who clasped him round the waist with his other arm.  When they were ready the angel, with a downward swoop of his  wings, rose from off the wall of gold, and then, spreading them  out to their full extent, remained motionless and dropped gently  but swiftly towards the earth. I should tell you that they had all made themselves invisible, as the saints do when they come down into the world, except when there  is some one present who is good enough to merit a vision of the  holy ones. And when they alighted in the garden by the magnolia  tree, they left the angel there and went to sit down near the lily- beds. You understand that no one could see them, and they rested  against the edge of the fountain and waited, and San Luigi took  out his beads to while away the time. Presently three or four men came into the garden very quietly,  and they stood under the shade of a blue hydrangia bush. The  eldest of them appeared to be giving directions to the others, and  then they separated and went each to a different part of the  garden. "Who were those men ? " asked San Luigi. "Tell him, 'Bastiano," said San Pancrazio in a whisper. " Gardeners," murmured San Sebastiano ; " they have to stay  up all the night between the twentieth and the twenty- of  June." " And I suppose they will be going to cut the lilies for the  boys who are coming to fetch them ? " said San Luigi. San Sebastiano and San Pancrazio nearly choked with laughter, and 222  Stories Toto Told Me and then San Sebastiano said that if San Luigi would have the  goodness to be patient, he should see what he should see. They watched the gardeners go and hide themselves in the  syringas, and for some time there was silence. Then there came six ragamuffin boys, creeping cautiously  through the darkness, and they made their way towards the lily- beds. As soon as they got there the men in the bushes jumped  out upon them with a loud yell, whereupon the boys took to their  heels and fled in a different direction to that from which they had  come. The men gave chase, but they ran so swiftly that they  were soon out of sight. Now, as soon as they were gone twenty  or thirty more ragamuffin boys rushed noiselessly out of the  darkness, and began to cut the lilies into sheaves as fast as they  could. In a short time there was not one left standing, and then  they made off with their spoils and disappeared. The next minute the gardeners came back, loudly lamenting  that they had failed to catch the robbers ; but when they saw the  beds where the lilies once stood, they called for the Madonna to  have pity on them. And the chief gardener wept, for he said his  highness the Prince would surely send him to prison. And the three saints sat still by the fountain. San Luigi was trembling very greatly ; but because he is, as  you know, of such wonderful innocence, he did not understand what  he had seen, and he begged his companions to explain it to him. So San Sebastiano told him that the boys of the world were  wicked little devils, and very clever, too. So they sent the six  best runners , because they knew the gardeners would be  watching. And these six were to make the gardeners chase them  and lead them a long dance, so that the others could come as soon  as the place was clear and steal the lilies. All of which had been  done. And By Baron Corvo  223   And then San Luigi was very grieved ; but most of all because  the gardeners would lose their places. So he asked San Sebastiano  if he could not do something for them. Then San Sebastiano said that they would be very pleased and  quite happy if San Luigi would show himself to them, for they  were most respectable men, and pious into the bargain ; neither  had they sworn nor used bad words. But San Luigi was so modest that he did not like to show him- self alone, and he held out his hands, the one to San Sebastiano  and the other to San Pancrazio, saying : " My friends--if you allow me to say so--dear 'Bastiano-- dear Pancrazio--who have both been so kind to me, let us all  show ourselves, and then I will give them back the lilies." So they called Iriello and mounted upon his insteps again,  and then a silver light, more bright than the moon, beamed  from them, and the gardeners saw in the midst of the blaze the  great angel by the magnolia tree, and the three saints standing  in front of him San Luigi in the middle, with San Sebastiano on  his right hand and San Pancrazio on his left hand, with their arms  round each other. Then the gardeners fell on their knees and  returned thanks for this vision ; and, as the angel spread his  wings and rose from the ground, San Luigi made the sign of the  cross over the garden. And the men stood amazed and watched till the brightness seemed to be only a tiny star ; and so the three saints went back with Iriello into heaven. And after they had disappeared the gardeners saw that the lily- beds were full of flowers more beautiful than had ever been seen  before. But when the thieves brought their stolen flowers to the  Church of San Luigi in the Via Carolina they were nothing  but sticks and dirty weeds. And the three saints are most friendly together now, because San 224  Stories Toto Told Me San Sebastiano and San Pancrazio cannot help admiring San Luigi  for his strange innocence, as well as for the strange penance with  which he gained his place in heaven; and they are always delighted  to do anything to oblige him, because they have been longer there  than he has and understand the ways of that blessed place so well ;  while San Luigi carries only the lilies of Paradise now, and is  never so happy as when he is choosing the best branches of  golden palm for his two martyr-friends ; nor is he ever shocked  at San Pancrazio because he is of a gay heart, nor at San Sebastiano  because he is naked and not ashamed. How could he be ashamed, sir ? Fair Play By Fred Hall Two Songs By   Frances Nicholson I--Ophelia OH, tender night ! Lay my head on thy lap and dull me With deep-drugged breath Of sweet-lipped violet Or heavy woodbine wreath, That I may soon forget How hope no more may lull me To dreams of light. Oh, pitying earth ! Bid thy far-wandering streamlets tell me Some place of rest 'Neath sedgy banks that yet With yellow buds are drest, That I may soon forget Such sorrow erst befell me In true love's dearth. In 230  Two Songs II--Before The Dawn IN the weird stillness just before the dawn Low sang the waves, like murmuring tones that bless, Along the far, dim shore, by cape and ness, And furtive winds blew soft across the lawn, Touching with spirit-lips in faint caress The virgin-lilies, white and motionless, In the weird stillness just before the dawn. Was it a dream, or did you really come 'Twixt the wan glimmer of my casement, where The sweet wind followed you ? Did I not hear Your low voice, passion-thrilled, I, speechless, dumb? While in the tender gloom, near and more near, Your fond lips drew to mine and rested there-- Was it a rapturous dream, or did you come ? A Pastoral By Frank Richards Bread and the Circus By   Hubert Crackanthorpe THEY are the largest travelling circus in Europe. Their staff  numbers over two hundred and fifty ; they have a hundred  and seventy horses, seven elephants, eight lions, two tigers, three  camels, and a dromedary ; their  cortege  on the road is sixty-three waggons long. I joined them at Dieppe : they had parted with  their interpreter, and I took his place. * * * Monday , 2  a.m. --There was no moon ; all night the wind had  been screaming, driving spasmodic showers before it ; overhead,  above the roofs, vague forms of tattered clouds were scudding. In the market-place, flaring petroleum lights flitting to and fro ;  dim figures hurrying hither and thither through the darkness ;  loose horses neighing as they stampeded among the tent-ropes ;  incessant volleys of oaths echoing from wall to wall. "Here," Jim, the stud-groom, called to me, "hold this lot o'  'orses, will yer ? " He thrust a bundle of halter-ropes into my hand,  and disappeared into the darkness. The big tent came down with a run, and lay before me bellying  and flapping in the wind, followed by the crashing of the poles, as  the men swung them into the tent-waggon. Close beside me, I caught 236  Bread and the Circus caught a fitful glimpse of a drunken groom, muttering to himself  as he belaboured a horse with his fist ; then, of a sudden, Jim's  voice bellowing behind me : "Mind yerself. Shift them 'orses. The elephants are comin ! "  And their black, monstrous forms loomed in front of me, moving  silently past, swinging their trunks from side to side. " We always give 'em an hour's start. They can't do above  three mile an hour. Come, bring them 'orses up to the band- waggon. Here, boy, hold a light for 'im. Look alive ; we're  behind time as it is." Already, on all sides, the rumblings of heavy wheels, and  crackings of whips were starting up ; the waggons were moving to  their places. The nigger tent-men set a light to the soiled forage ;  the wind scattered the dense columns of smoke towards the sea,  and the great tongues of crimson flame flickered up, licking the  air, and revealing that the market-place had at last been cleared. "All ready," sang Jim's swinging tones. " All ready .... all ready," floated back a dozen wavering,  distant answers. " Into the buggy with yer. Pull the hay up round yer waist :  it'll keep the cold out." Ahead, through the twilight, toiling up the hill, we could  perceive the long train of lumbering waggons, each with a ragged  petroleum flame swinging beneath the axle. " Pull ov--er..... Pull ov--er," and one by one they made way for us as we cantered by them. " Wake 'em up..... Wake 'em up," and Jim, upright in  buggy, lashed each successive team into a hand gallop. When we had reached the front living-waggon, and only the  wet, open road glimmering wanly in the sickly early morning  light, lay ahead of us, back we turned down the hill again, waking up By Hubert Crackanthorpe  237 up the stragglers, rousing the sleeping drivers with fine bursts of  the vernacular. And so, up and down the line, till we were hoarse  with shouting, and till the last waggon had left the outskirts of the  town. * * * 4  a.m. --For an hour we had been leading the way, jogging  along the straight, broad road. Jim had dropped to sleep, and was  swaying heavily from side to side, his battered face resting on my  shoulder. Behind us the continuous, somnolent rumbling of the waggon  wheels, and the rhythmical tramp of the horses' feet. Now and  then, a boy on a thoroughbred would gallop past us, cracking his  stock-whip, chasing a drove of foals. The treeless plain lay  around us, all dark and mysterious ; at intervals, we brutally broke  the silence of some sleeping village street. By-and-by, a rift broke in the clouds ; a slab of dark-blue sky  appeared ; and the rain ceased to beat in our faces. And a strange, drowsy sensation crept over me--a sensation that  I had been sitting there always, driving the cream-coloured mare, endlessly journeying through the night, with the long line of  waggons lumbering behind. * * * 6  a.m. --When I awoke, the sun had risen, and the great plain  of corn, stretching away and away to the horizon, was rippling in  the fresh morning breeze like a glittering golden lake. Crowds of  peasants were running from their harvesting to the road-side to watch  us go by. Moving ahead I could see a dark, shifting mass ; the  elephants were still some two miles away. I fell to wondering curiously concerning this strange little world with whom I had thrown Bread and the Circus  238 thrown in my lot, and to envying them not a little their roving, adventurous, free-living life. * * * St. Valery-en-Caux , 9  a.m. --We were encamped in the centre  of the town, in front of the Hôtel de Ville. In less than an hour  and a half every tent was in its place, and the horses, tethered in  droves, were clattering to water through the streets. It was settled that I was to mess in the elephant tent with the Armstrongs--Joe, the elephant-keeper, Maggie his wife, and Lieutenant George, the lion-tamer, his brother, better known to  the public, as " Himalayan Henry." They were both handsome, strapping fellows. George, the  "lieutenant," had been in the show business all his life. He wore  a trailing, coal-black moustache, and his hat cocked jauntily on the  side of his head, and boasted himself a terrible chap with ladies.  Joe had been but three years in the show. Before that he had  been a tram-conductor in Birmingham. He was slow of speech,  hulking, and shy. Maggie was a Lancashire girl. She had big  blue eyes, a pale complexion, and rosy, sensitive mouth. She had  been married just six months. She bullied her husband ; George,  on the strength of his superior salary, bullied them both ; and they  all three bullied " Scottie," or "Jimmy Pimples," the little under  elephant-keeper, a sandy-haired, crimson-faced, unshaven, unwashed  ruffian, who helped Maggie Armstrong to wash up the dishes, did  odd jobs for us, and rated the elephants in generous Glasgow. " Scottie " slept on a hay-bed beside the camels and messed with  the coons beneath the tack-waggon ; and we four lived in a small  double tent pitched in a corner of the large one that covered the elephants. There were seven of them, as I have said.--"Jim," the patriarch, with By Hubert Crackanthorpe  239   with his wizened, wrinkled forehead, his tattered, worn-out ears,  and weak, sunken eyes, for ever wearily winking with the fatigue  of his hundred and twenty summers, submitting without a murmur  to the buffetings of his coquettish granddaughter, "Ida"; "Rose,"  a fat, gluttonous, middle-aged dame, and " Palm," her husband,  with his great indolently humorous face--an entirely respectable  bourgeois menage ; " Nick," the youngster, always squealing and  stealing the hay ; " Tim," the monster elephant, restlessly rolling  his vicious white-rimmed eye (he had killed a man some six months ago) ; impatient, irascible, and sullenly watchful of his  little wife " Tiny," the beauty of the band, jealously marching by  her side on the road, with his trunk around her neck, and in the  evenings, rumbling to himself with pride, as he scraped her down  with the jagged edge of an old condensed-milk tin. * * * Midday --The post had just come in. The manager, a freckled,  sandy-haired young man, was giving out the letters in the dressing- room, sitting swinging his long legs on an elephant-tub, with his  hat jammed tight on the back of his head. One by one the men  came forward ; some sheepishly, some jauntily, some with tremu- lous eagerness. And the more illiterate ones remained loitering  at the mouth of the tent, hesitatingly fingering their envelopes,  curiously revolving them, trying to decipher the post-marks.  Sam Giddens, the clown, a bald, thick-set, elderly gentleman,  adjusted his gold-rimmed spectacles, and plunged into a copy of the Era . Quito, the jockey, and the two tumbling boys were dis- cussing the incidents of the journey. " 'E got me doun, smashed my 'at in, and tore my coat a'most  off my back," Tommy was explaining. The Yellow Book--Vol. VII.  o What, 240  Bread and the Circus " What, the black horse ? " " Yes, that black swine." * * * * * " I can't stand this country. All the women look to me like  men, and all the men like women. I saw about thirty of them  loading a waggon of wheat this morning. It's barbarous, that's  what it is," remarked Miss Lucile, the wire-walker. " And the way the people bathe too, men and women all to- gether; I call it disgustin'," Quito declared. " I niver see'd sich a country for rain. It's Mister Tommy de  Lo all day long." " And d'ye mind how before we started they were all for telling  how the sun was always shining in la belle France ? " " It's a dreary place, I call it, niver a Sunday from month end  to month end," chimed in old Mrs. Chigwin, as she settled her  fringe. " This 'ull be the  year for nine years that I've missed  Bank Holiday at Portsmouth. You see no life here--no great  crowds trippin' about, enjoyin' of themselves. Oh dear, oh dear,  what would I jest give to be 'ome agin--nice clean lodgings and a  bit of fresh steak," she concluded mournfully. " I reckon it 'ud be a lot better if we could pick up the lingo-  I can't get beyond 'quatre sous cognac,'" broke in the vet. "Ah ! you'd learn that quick enough in Chinese, doctor." " I only joined the show five months ago, when they came  tenting in France," the old man remarked, turning to me. " I've  had a proper college education, though you might'n't think it, and  fine business down at Reading. Many's the year, I tell you, that  I've turned over more than two thousand pounds. This has been a  terrible come-down for me." " What was the trouble ? " I asked. " Drink, young man, drink," he answered warningly, " and for By Hubert Crackanthorpe  241   for eighteen months before I joined them I hadn't earned a  penny." He looked it, bloated and aged and enfeebled before his time. * * * * * Meanwhile the ring-master went on :-- " And when we got to the bridge, the horses got frightened and  wouldn't cross. All at once the waggon gives a great bump and  Sam begins calling out that we'd fallen into the river and swim- ming for his life about the waggon floor. Didn't you, Sam ? " But the clown, deep in his paper, made no answer. * * * * * " Hulloa, Sandow, who's bin makin' your face up this time?"  asked the manager, as the hulking saddler sauntered up for a news- paper, with a bruised eye and an ugly, swollen nose. " It be Jacko agin, sir. He were drunk agin at t'start, and  when I went fur to wake him, he sets on me, with the result what  you all kin see." "What did you do to him ? " The big man lifted his heavy shoulders. " I jest chucked him oot o't' waggon. That be the wirst o'  having my strength. If I was a mite o' a chap like him" (point- ing to Quito), "I'd have given him the grandest hiding he'd iver  experienced. Yes, that I would, yer damned little varmint," he  added, as Jacko, a wizened, impish creature not five feet high,  appeared grinning behind him. * * * * * " Circus-life ! circus-life ! " the old doctor philosophised to me confidentially, wiping his beery eyes. " It's bin a terrible come- down for me." * * * 1.30 242  Bread and the Circus 1.30  p.m. --"The parade's better than the show. The show's  right enough, you know ; but the parade's AI," Lieutenant  George had declared. The band, in red coats and firemen's helmets, led the way,  packed in a car all gilt and glittering glass, drawn by ten plumed  piebald horses. Next, on prancing, plum-coloured steeds, eighteen  ladies, sumptuously attired in plush and satin and heavy brocade.  Then the thoroughbreds, and the ten trick ponies, tight-reined,  arching their necks and tossing their silky manes, led by foot- grooms in scarlet livery. Behind these, the four monumental  gilded cars--allegorical representations of England, Scotland,  Ireland, and Wales--each drawn by eight white horses, and  carrying on its pinnacle a golden-haired girl reclining in appro- priate attitudes. Behind them followed the team of elephants (with the coons dressed in tiger-skins sitting in scarlet howdahs  on their backs), dragging the lions' cage with Lieutenant George  in full uniform, inside amongst the beasts, smoking and twirling  his freshly waxed moustache. Next, escorted by a cavalcade of  tent-men, dressed as Turkish grandees, the six tableaux--monster  paintings relating the appearance of the show before Her Gracious  Majesty the Queen in the midst of a tropical forest. And lastly  the tigers, the camels, the dromedary, and the three painted pay- waggons. Every window was packed with faces : the streets were swarm- ing with people. I rode through the town, perched on the box  of the gilded band-car (I had been ordered there in case of diffi- culties with the local police), bowing to the crowd from side to  side, and feeling like an Eastern potentate at the head of his  triumphal progress. * * * 8.30  p.m. --The afternoon show had done fair business ; but in the By Hubert Crackanthorpe  243   the evening the boss and the manager sat in their shirt-sleeves at  the windows of the pay-waggons, struggling in desperation to  keep pace with the demands of the surging crowd. Inside, the flaring petroleum lights flickered over a dim, circular  wall of upturned faces. A dull, continuous hum of voices filled  the tent--over three thousand had been packed inside ; and when  the overture struck up, they were turning people away from the  doors. I wandered away, in the face of the driving rain, through the  narrow, empty streets. Here and there, through a lighted window,  I caught a glimpse of a family group, sitting round a shaded lamp,  the women at their needlework, the fishermen smoking over a  crumpled newspaper. The muffled strains of the band, playing  " Nancy Lee," carried past me on the wind, grew fainter and  fainter, and presently died away altogether. And before me, all wrapped in darkness, the sea lay sullenly  lashing the shore ; to the east a lighthouse glimmered, and near  at hand, moving quite slowly through the night, passed the three  lights of a steamer. We were to start at three to-morrow morning. The night  looked ugly ; out in the channel a heavy gale was blowing ; the  sky was starless and black as pitch. * * * 11  p.m. --Maggie had spread us our supper on a table built of  piled forage, and round it we took our places, each sitting astride  a hay-truss. To-night she was busy with discreet attentions  towards the lieutenant ; for he had had a lot of trouble with one  of his lions, and it was the talk of all the tents. " Yes, he was a bit obstinate, wasn't he, Joe ? I had a job to  get inside the cage, him standing over the door pawing at me. That's 244 Bread and the Circus  That's the way with lions," he went on, turning to me, "as long  as you're below them, they all make to jump on you, but once  get above them and they just slink and snarl at your feet." " I reckon there's some human beings what isn't much dif- ferent," remarked Maggie. " No, there's no life insurance in our trade. Pass the salt, Joe,  old man," the lieutenant concluded. Outside, the wind was hooting through the camp, banging  against the side of the tent, and at intervals lifting the side-poles  off the ground. And the huge, vague shapes of the elephants  swayed uneasily in the fitful flare of the hissing petroleum light,  their trunks, like black, hungry serpents, swinging incessantly  across the gangway. After supper, Joe and Maggie wished us good-night. George  and I stayed drowsily chatting of the day's gossip, and of the  storm that was raging without. By-and-bye we lay down on the  hay, to sleep till the watchman should come on his rounds. . . . . . . Gradually I became conscious of Joe's voice beside me ;  then a ringing peal of Maggie's laughter. I opened my eyes : the  tent was still dark. I could hear the tramp of feet outside, and  the distant neighing of horses. All at once the hay seemed to tremble beneath me, and some- thing rough and wet and living touched my hand. I sprang up :  above me loomed a great black form. " Hulloa, where's his bed got to ? " I heard Maggie laughing,  while Joe shouted : " Rose, get back, yer greedy beast." She had got loose in the night, and whilst I slept had been  standing over me, craftily stealing the hay from beneath me, till  at length I was lying on the bare, dusty ground. * * * Tuesday , By Hubert Crackanthorpe  245 Tuesday , 2.30  a.m. --The rain was rattling against the sides of  the tent. Joe and "Scottie" were moving the elephants out.  Tim was trumpeting at the top of his voice, and trying to drag  the tent down about our ears. The whole camp seemed a scene of hopeless, indescribable con- fusion. The men were all shouting to one another in the dark- ness. Every gust of the gale was extinguishing the petroleum  lights. I wandered about in search of Jim, stumbling over the  tent-ropes, splashing into pools of standing water, jostling against  huddled groups of men vainly endeavouring to rekindle their  lights. It was rumoured that half the show had already started,  and that the " boss " had been knocked on the head by a falling  tent-pole. The rain was falling in torrents. I caught a glimpse of  the ladies scurrying under their umbrellas to their omnibus, old Sam  Giddens among them, wrapped in a multitude of horse-blankets. It was half-an-hour before I found the buggy, and could hear  Jim's voice bellowing close at hand. One of the leaders of the last tableau team lay kicking on the  ground, entangled in his traces. Jim was cursing the driver as he  had never cursed before. We all lent a hand. I sat on the horse's  head, while the others worked at the straps. Of a sudden the  light went out. The horse started plunging : I was pitched into  a pool of water ; and when we could see again the animal had  kicked himself clear. We were the last to leave. Drenched to the skin, with the  buggy-hood down, despite the rain, lest the wind should overturn  us, we crawled up the hill on to the cliffs. The trees were all  writhing in the gale ; below us, with a dull, continuous roar, the  surf was crashing against the rocks. Jim had been drinking  heavily ; before we had gone half-a-mile, he was rolling in his  sleep. The light behind the buggy was the only one still alight. At 246  Bread and the Circus At every turning, till we were clear of the town, I stood up, holding it aloft, trying to decipher the sign-posts. And then, when I had  found the road, and we were out in the open country, I let the  mare jog along at her own pace, and sat helplessly shivering  and waiting for the sunrise. About four it seemed to be growing lighter. I turned back  down the line, and found the last waggon lagging more than a  mile behind. I shouted to the driver, but he gave me no answer.  He was either dead drunk or numbed by the wet. I shook Jim  till my arms ached, and when I had waked him, told him the  trouble. We both sat bawling in concert, and at last extracted a  feeble, incoherent answer. We stopped the waggon, and shouted  to the man to come down ; he answered thickly that his arms  were stiff with cramp. I cantered back to the tack-waggon, roused a couple of coons, and with their help we lifted the man  down. Then we battered at the door of a wayside cottage, till  the terrified inhabitants let us in. We lit a straw fire, and tried  with brandy and rubbing to bring him round. But he had been  badly drunk the night before, and the liquor had taken all the  warmth out of him. So we stowed him away on a hay bed in the  tack-waggon, set the boy who was driving the foals on the box of  the tableau, and I mounted the thoroughbred in his place. The day was now breaking ; and we were at least four miles  behind. Jim lashed the tableau team into a hand-gallop, and I  followed behind in charge of the foals. About six o'clock we came up with the elephants, slouching  silently along, and tearing up the corn by the roadside as they  went. . . . An hour later we rejoined the rest of the show, and  at half-past eight we could see the wet roofs of Fecamp twinkling  in the distance. * * * It By Hubert Crackanthorpe  247   It was a regular ceremony; it took place every morning behind  the small horse-tent. The doctor sat on the steps of the harness  waggon, and the tent-men lounged round him in groups. He would knock the ashes carefully from his pipe, wipe his beery  eyes, and clear his throat authoritatively before unfurling the Standard . He would begin at the top right-hand column of the  inside page, reading mechanically almost right through the paper --the political speeches, the police news, the foreign telegrams,  the theatrical notices, and the sporting intelligence--till he had  come again to the advertisements. No one made any comment ;  the tent-men just loitered and listened ; and when he had finished,  they strolled away silently, as they had come. The scene, in its  droll solemnity, struck me as curiously pathetic. * * * The "boss" was a podgy, thick-set little man ; he had a ruddy  moustache, and a merry twinkle in his small, round eyes. His  clothes were always ragged, and smeared with mud ; for a clean  shirt, I fancy, he professed a convinced contempt. With every  one, down to the youngest stable-boy, he was familiar and friendly ;  but, when he was roused, no one--not even Jim, the stud-groom  --could compete with him in the matter of swearing. This  "born gift" of his, as the men called it, had long ago won him  universal respect. He lived in a luxurious waggon, the fittings  of which had cost three hundred guineas. His father had been a  circus proprietor before him. It was said that he was worth two  hundred thousand pounds ; and every morning he would strip and  help the men hammer in the tent-pegs. Mr. Henderson, the trick rider, shared the "boss's" waggon. He  shaved every morning, wore clean cuffs, folded trousers, and glistening 248  Bread and the Circus glistening patent-leather boots, and carried a gold-topped malacca.  But the fact that his expletives began with the  instead of  the second letter of the alphabet, stamped him, so everyone  agreed, as a gentleman with a college education. The men never mixed with the inhabitants of the towns, for  none of them knew any French. At Dieppe, twenty-five of them  had given notice ; at Havre half of the orchestra were to leave us.  Almost everyone was suffering from acute home-sickness ; after  the evening show the tent-men would sit round the petroleum  lights smoking and eternally chatting of England. A few kept a perfunctory route-book ; but most of them, when  we set out in the morning, had never troubled to learn the name  of the town where we had spent the day. Their life was almost  entirely centred in the busy routine of the camp. * * * Wednesday , 5  a.m. --It was a short stage from Fecamp to  Etretat ; and as we got upon the road, the sun was already  flooding the sky with crimson light. Beneath us the sea lay  spread like a blue, wide, empty plain ; by the roadside the reapers  were hurrying to their work amid the corn-sheaves ; the crowds  were busy loading the long-bodied, four-wheeled Normandy  waggons. The wind had dropped, swelling milk-white clouds hung  overhead. Every village was thronged with peasants, waiting to  watch us go past. The fresh, warm rays of the morning sun  crept through me, bringing a keen, exquisite exhilaration. And  there returned my old instinctive affection for the terse picturesque- ness of the so-called lower classes. And I remembered, with a twinge of bitter regret, that at the Havre I must leave them to journey By Hubert Crackanthorpe  249   journey on without me over the continent day after day and year  after year.... I felt I would be content to become one of them, to share irrevocably their rough, roving life. * * * 11  a.m. --The " boss " had promised " Jacko " a medal as  champion sleeper. He travelled in charge of the drove of hospital  horses, and slept the journey through, lying flat on his face on the  back of the old ring-mare, with a horse-rug thrown over his head. When, this morning at the start, Jim hauled him uncere- moniously to the ground, and set him to drive the last tableau- team, he screwed up his tiny bloodshot eyes, and swore he would  be revenged. He was supposed to be running after Maggie, and Joe, whenever  he found him hiding in the hay in the elephant-tent, used to thrash  him and throw him outside. We were all sitting at breakfast, when, to our surprise, the  stunted, impish creature sauntered in, puffing ostentatiously at a cigar-stump. " Well, Jacko, did yer 'ave a good sleep on the road ? " Maggie  asked maliciously. " What d'ye think I did ? " he asked, his wizened face grinning  from side to side. "Why I've bin an' knocked a bloomin' 'ouse  down." And so, it appeared, he had. They had bustled him down the  long hill into the town, and he had swung the waggon with a  crash into a cottage, built of rubble and mud, and had knocked a  huge hole in the wall. " A lot of old women were sittin' at breakfast. Lord ! 'ow  they did jump and squeal," Jacko continued, with pride. Then, 250  Bread and the Circus Then, catching Joe's eyes, and moving warily to the tent- mouth, he added, chuckling, "The coves 'ave sent in a claim for five hundred francs damages.  That'll teach Mister Jim to set me drivin' 'is blasted tableaux." And off he swaggered to tell the tale of his prowess to the  coons and around the horse-tents. * * * 6  p.m. --When we came in to tea, after the day-show, we found  Scottie, busy before a cracked mirror combing his sandy locks.  He looked more unkempt than ever ; his face was streaming, for  he had been helping to drag the lions' cage out of the ring, and  the stubble of a three days' beard covered his chin. When Maggie asked him to build up a table for us, he retorted ex- citedly : " Can ye na see that I'm busy ? " and recommenced  desperately the parting of his hair. "What's up, Pimples, going courtin'? " asked the lieutenant. " I'm engaged to conduct a party o' ladies round the establish- ment. I'll be standin' you boys drinks at the buffy when I git  back." He hurried off, clapping the "lieutenant's" forage-cap on the  back of his head. Presently we heard him grandiloquently  pushing back the crowd of loafers, and at the tent-mouth we  caught a fluttering glimpse of white skirts and lace parasols. " This, ladies," Scottie began, stroking poor old Jim's inoffensive trunk, "this elephant be two hundred and thirty year of age.  He's often very ferocious, as yer kin see by the red in his eye.  It takes fifty powerful men to hold him when he's fashed. Over  there, ladies, the handsome gent with the moustache, sitting  on the hay, that's Mr. Lieutenant George Armstrong, the cele-  brated By Hubert Crackanthorpe  251   brated wild-beast tamer, who's performed before all the crowned  and uncrowned heads 'o Europe. A remarkable shy man, ladies,  though his looks belie him. He started lion-tamin' at the age of  twelve, and he'll be eaten alive some day as sure as I'm standin'  here. This be 'Tim' the biggest elephant in any circus. He  killed the last under-keeper, an Irishman, and that's why I'm here  now. There's a tremendous lot o' courage required in our trade,  ladies, as ye kin all see for yerselves," Scottie continued, straighten- ing himself with a spasmodic attempt at gravity. "Now, this  way, if you please. If ye'll follow me, I show ye the horse-tents  and the seventeen Arabian horses that the Sultan of China gave  with his own hands to Mr. Henderson. . . ." We had finished tea before he reappeared, ruefully displaying a  coin in the palm of his hand. " Fivepence," he burst out, "and I shewed 'em over the whole  bloomin' show and told 'em many a thousand lies. . . . Fivepence,"  and he threw the coin ferociously into the hay. * * * Thursday , 3  a.m. --"You're late, young man, very late," said  the manager reprovingly. "Jim's been gone this hour past. He  waited half an hour for you, and then had to take on Didon, the  Frenchman who drives the 'bus, to help him find the road. We're  dreadfully short of drivers. I don't know how we're going to  manage." We stood watching the departure of the blacksmith's waggon.  The sky was glittering with stars, a couple of petroleum lights  were swinging aimlessly in the distance ; the camp seemed almost  empty. " Didn't I tell you you'd oversleep yourself, if you didn't get to bed, 252  Bread and the Circus bed, instead of sitting up playing poker with Silvado ? " the manager went on. " Look here," he added suddenly, " you'd better take  the 'bus. You're accustomed to driving ? " " Yes, but not four horses," I objected. " Never mind, jump up. Keep your wheelers well in hand,  and the cream cob off the pole, or he'll start kicking." Behind the blacksmith's waggon, the 'bus team was being  harnessed, while I could vaguely perceive the huddled forms of the  sleeping ladies. My heart was full of pity for them as I mounted  the box. I had just steered out of the gateway, to my surprise, without a  spill, when through the darkness I heard the boss's voice. " Wake  'em up there, Didon. What're yer up to. Shove 'em along."  And, running alongside the team with his stock-whip, he set them  off at a hand-gallop. We swung round the corner into the main road, the 'bus  lurching heavily as we bumped over the kerb-stone. From within  floated a muffled series of feminine screams. . . . And then, on we rattled through the night, through the dark  stillness of the sleeping country. . . . * * * 6  a.m. --" Stop at the bottom of the hill ; you've got a shoe  loose," shouted one of the boys, galloping alongside. I listened, but I could hear no clinking of flapping steel ;  every horse was going as sound as a bell. " No, they're all right enough," I called back. " There's a buffy at the bottom," retorted the boy. I remembered that there was a half-crown fine for stopping for  drinks on the road, and that a lame horse or a shoe loose was the only By Hubert Crackanthorpe  253   only excuse accepted. So when we reached the wayside inn I  pulled up. " What's up ? " called a voice through the glass. " Shoe loose, doctor," I answered. The next moment he was on the road beside the team. " Where's the buffy ? " he asked. I pointed with the whip to the house, and soon some half-dozen  of us were sitting in the kitchen, and they were standing me  coffee and cognac all round. * * * 8  a.m. --The shipping of the Havre was in sight--a delicate  tracery against the sky, like a distant winter forest. Beyond,  across the river, wrapped in pale blue haze, stretched the cliffs of  Honfleur, and the offing, all shimmering in the sunlight, lay  studded with snow-white sails. . . . With the skid on, we swung down the long hill into the city. And as we pushed our way through the streets, tight-packed  with a staring crowd, and bawled unceremoniously at the local  police, and forced the irate tram-drivers to retreat till there was  space for us to pass them, and searched at every turning to the  right and to the left for the square where we were to camp, I  realised more than ever the exhilarating charm of this reckless,  adventurous life. * * * Havre , 9.30  a.m. --He was a little French cabin-boy. He had  deserted his ship, and had followed the show from Dieppe. He used  to explain to us with pride how, if he were caught, he would get  forty-eight days imprisonment. His clothes were a mass of filthy  rags. I gave him a pair of trousers, and he stole my cigarettes. He 254  Bread and the Circus He was always ravenously hungry, and would work till his face  was streaming for a crust of bread. His devotion to Joe was  untiring ; every day he ran the whole journey alongside the  elephants, belabouring "Rose" with an old bit of bamboo. And  all the afternoon he used to fight the town-urchins who came  swarming round the tent-edge to tease the elephants. He confided  to me his passion for the circus, and his longing to become a tamer  of lions, like George ; and I promised to ask the manager to give  him a start. When this afternoon the police caught him and carried him off,  he cried very bitterly, and swore he would come back to us. * * * 10.30  a.m. --"Scottie" sat by the tent-mouth with his head  between his hands. I bid him good morning ; he made no answer.  The others were at breakfast. "What's up with 'Scottie' ? " I asked. " He was drunk at the start this morning," Joe replied, curtly. "I wasna," "Scottie" retorted sullenly. "I'd just had one  single cognac." " I felt downright sorry for that little French lad," Joe went  on. " Dirty little runaway beast. It just served him right. I  couldn't abide 'im sneaking about the tent," Maggie burst out. " Come, don't be funny," growled Joe. Maggie swung round on her hay-truss, turning her back on  him. " Joe's that snappy," she explained to me tearfully. "Snappy ! so'd you be, if you'd seen the jeb I had to get  that big brute (indicating Tim) on to the road this morning, and  that darned Scotchman stumbling all over the shop half boozed." "I wasna, By Hubert Crackanthorpe  255   "I wasna, I tell yer. . . . It's a blasted lie," "Scottie " protested  in a husky voice. " Look yer here," Joe interrupted, " if yer can't keep a civil  tongue in yer head, yer can jest clear out o' the tent." The situation was growing strained. The heat was terrific;  we were encamped in a small dusty square in a low quarter of the  city, and before the  tent-peg had been driven in, the ground  was swarming with roughs. There had been a lot of fighting,  and the " boss " and Jim had been cursing themselves hoarse.  Everyone, as George mildly expressed it, was "just a bit put  out." "Ain't it sickly, the 'eat in this tent ? " Maggie remarked. " I  feel that upset--," and she cast a sidelong glance in Joe's  direction, but he went on scowling and munching his bread and  butter. " No, you don't care, you great selfish lout ; you think of  nothing but them stinkin' elephants, and getting yer own break- fast comfortable." The "lieutenant" winked at me from his corner, and helped  himself to some more bacon. Maggie was on the verge of tears,  and Joe was desperately gulping down his breakfast. " Come, Maggie, have a bite o' somethin'," he began, sheepishly,  after a pause. She shook her head violently. " Give her time, Joe, old man," advised the " lieutenant." A few minutes later Joe asked again. " Ain't yer goin' to have nothin'?" She dissented faintly. Joe rose, and putting on his coat, moved towards the tent- mouth. "Well, I'm going out," he exclaimed, with forced carelessness. The Yellow Book--Vol. VII.  p "Because 256  Bread and the Circus "Because you've lost your temper with me, Joe, you needn't  make yourself unsociable all round," Maggie called after him. " I was going to get yer some fresh water. I see yer can's  empty," he answered, reproachfully. " Oh, there ain't no 'urry for that. Sit down and 'ave a fresh  cup o' tea." She faced round again, smiling through her tears, and filled up  his cup, while the "lieutenant" went on winking and rolling him- self a cigarette. "An' Pimples," Maggie asked presently, "shall 'e 'ave this bit  'o bacon what's left over ?" Joe shrugged his broad shoulders with an assumption of con- temptuous indifference. "Scottie," Maggie called, "'ere's a bit o' bacon for yer." " I'm na goin' to tak' charity at my time o' life," the little man shouted, and, rising, strode defiantly out of the tent. * * * 5.30  p.m. --The show was packed. The band was playing  " Nancy Lee ; " Quito, in his flesh-coloured tights, was cantering  round the ring, and the children were roaring with laughter as  Sam Giddens banged the boss over the head with a bladder. For the last time I strolled through the tents. Outside the dressing-room I found "Jacko" kneeling on the ground, busy  pasting the paper hoops ; beside the tableaux the coons were fight- ing a gang of over-inquisitive dock-labourers, ousting them from the  camp with a heavy volley of broken British oaths ; and on the steps  of the harness waggon the old doctor sat watching them, moodily  puffing at his short black pipe. The " lieutenant " was waxing  his coal-black moustache ; Joe and " Scottie " were amicably harnessing By Hubert Crackanthorpe  257   harnessing " Tim " to the lions' cage; within the elephant tent  Maggie was boiling the water for tea, and laying the cloth on the  piled trusses of hay. One after another I bid them good-bye, strangely reluctant to  leave them, childishly eager to prolong indefinitely this short  moment of departure. The " lieutenant " and I promised to write  regularly to one another, and we hurriedly arranged how we would  meet again next year in the South. Then I pushed my way through the crowd of loungers that  surrounded the camp, and turned slowly away down the boulevard  towards the railway station. Twenty minutes later, as my train steamed out of the city, I  could hear the distant wavering strains of the band, and I could  see the sunlight glinting on the white, bulging canvas of the big  show-tent. On the Loing By A. Tanner Last Fires By   Lily Thicknesse WHEN all the passion and the pain That forged our flesh and spirit one Are past, and sweet desire is vain, And youth and hope and life are gone, Will then our end be like the west, Where sunset fires have paled to gloom, But give their gorgeous crimson's best To light with splendour day's long doom ? Ah, then, when we must die, we two Claim the dear earth and solemn sky As comrades in the way we go, From dawn to night's dark mystery. An Old Campaigner By Walter Langley Life and Death By   Ellis J. Wynne Life is a desert drear, A sandy plain ; A waste, a wild career For phantom forms of Fear, Sorrow and Pain. No guide hath man, no guide-- Self must on self confide ; No hand to lead him on, No hope to rest upon-- Nought but the grave ! Man veils his eyes, and lo, blind Phantasy Sits at her loom and weaves a sacred mystery, A magic woof of dreams--glad dreams of liberty-- To mock a slave ! And Death ? Ah Death's a sage Who stills our fears ; Our doubts and faiths engage The wisdom of his age-- And eke our tears. Hushed 266  Life and Death Hushed in expectancy We stake life's paltry fee ; A last-drawn sigh, a sleep, And Death calls " Laugh," or "Weep,"-- 'Tis then we know Thy form aright, O Master ! from the guise Of Life's prim pageant, Thee, with unsealed eyes-- Sum of our hopes or fears--we recognise For weal or woe ! Martha By   Mrs. Murray Hickson I FROM the  day that she came to Underwood Terrace Martha  interested me. She arrived, I remember, one dull November  afternoon. I saw her pass down the street, peering, in a short- sighted fashion, at the numbers over the doors. She carried a large  bonnet-box in one hand and a neat brown paper parcel in the  other. She had no umbrella, and the rain dripped from the limp  brim of her large straw hat. Her skirt, shabby and worn, had  slipped from her overladen fingers and dragged upon the muddy  pavement. I don't know why I noticed her, but, as I glanced up  from my book, my eyes fell upon her forlorn little figure, and I  felt that sudden, curious sensation of pity which sometimes, we  don't know why, takes us by the throat and shakes us out of our egotism and self-reflection. Very possibly my  interest in her  was merely a matter of mood. Perhaps, had I been happier  myself, I should not have taken much notice of her ; but my  own concerns appeared, just then, so dull and grey that it was a  relief to turn from them to the contemplation of somebody else's.  For the present, however, the little figure in the draggled black frock 268  Martha frock wandered down the street, and I, returning to my book, lost  sight and thought of her. In the drawing-room, before dinner, Mrs. Norris explained to  me that, in consideration of the arrival of a new boarder, she had  engaged a girl as a sort of " understudy " for the other servants,  and to work between them in the capacity of general help and  factotum. The girl was young, she came from Surrey, and her  name was Martha. Mrs. Norris hoped that she would turn out  well, but the training of young girls was always an experiment ;  she had known few who repaid the trouble expended upon  them. This much she told me--the rest I supplied for myself.  Help, in our overworked household, was imperatively needed, and a  girl from the country (despite the drawbacks of her ignorance and  lack of training) would cost little in keep and less in wages. In  fact, properly managed, she should prove a good investment. Late that evening I met a quaint little figure upon the stairs,  and instantly recognised the limp, broad-brimmed hat, and the  shabby jacket, frayed at collar and at cuffs. Our new maid-servant  and the girl who had that afternoon attracted my attention in the  street represented the same identity. She drew aside to let me pass,  shrinking timidly against the wall ; but, by a sudden impulse, I  stopped and spoke to her. The gas-light fell on the glasses of her  spectacles, so that I could not catch the expression of her large,  short-sighted eyes ; but I saw that the eyelids were red and swollen  and I guessed that she had been crying. " So you found the house after all," I said. " You must have  got very wet out there in the rain." " Yes, m'm," she answered, and saluted me with a quick, bobbing  curtesy. She expressed no curiosity as to how I came to know  that she had at been unable, in the driving mist, to discover  number 127. To girls of her class, knowledge on every subject, whether By Mrs. Murray Hickson  269   whether important or trivial, appears, in a lady, as a matter of  course. I looked at her again, and it struck me that, in the house,  she should wear a cap and apron. But her dress remained unchanged since the afternoon. " You are not going out now ? " I said, " so late ? And it is  still raining. Listen, you can hear it on the skylight." She listened obediently. The rain, blown by a gusty wind,  pattered upon the big skylight in the roof. Martha glanced at me  from behind her spectacles. " Yes, m'm, but the mistress told me to post this letter. After  that I may go to bed." She held a fat, square envelope in her ungloved fingers, and I  knew, without looking at it, that it contained the usual daily letter  from Amy Norris to her lover. I moved impatiently. Why  could not the girl have written earlier in the afternoon ?--this  going out to catch the late post was an old grievance with the  servants, and now I supposed both of them would thrust the dis- tasteful duty upon Martha. " But do you know the way ? " I asked. " Yes, thank you, m'm," she answered, and slipped down the  stairs away from me. Before I went to bed that night I ventured on a sketchy  remonstrance with Amy Norris upon this subject of the late post. " The girl is young, and evidently country-bred," I concluded.  " Don't you think it's a pity to send her out so late into the streets ?  Could we not all get our letters ready for the last post before  dinner ? " Amy looked at me in amazement. She was good-hearted  enough, but perfectly stolid and unapproachable when such small  matters as this were in question, and consideration for servants was  quite beyond her comprehension. "The 270  Martha  " The pillar-box is only three or four minutes walk from here,"  she said. " Besides, one can't plan things out like that, beforehand --it would be a perfect nuisance. It won't do the girl any harm ;  Eliza always used to go." Eliza was a former servant. She was pretty and feather-brained,  and when she left our house some few months earlier, Mrs. Norris  had refused to give her a character. The reason, no doubt, was  unanswerable, but the fault had appeared to me to lie with the  mistress as much as with the maid. I thought of Eliza, looked at Amy's plump, satisfied counten- ance and laughed a little by way of reply. Long experience had  taught me that argument and explanation here--in Mrs. Norris' boarding-house--were entirely useless weapons. As I was preparing for bed, I wondered idly if Martha had  found her way safely back, and where she was to sleep. I knew  there was only one room available for the servants, and I supposed  that she was to share it with the cook and the housemaid. The  child interested me ; there was about her an unconscious earnestness  which appealed to me. Her face was stamped with that expression,  at once piteous and irritating, which is the result of a slow but  conscientious nature striving its utmost to keep level with the  demands made upon it by quicker minds. This night away  from home and in the midst of new surroundings would be very  trying for the girl. My thoughts dwelt on her for a brief space  and then, turning inevitably towards my own affairs, they dropped  her out of their consideration. Presently, I lit a candle and went  up to the box-room, where, amongst other things, I had stored away several books, one of which I particularly wanted to read.  The box-room was at the top of the house, and was reached by a  short staircase, so steep as to be almost a ladder. From the top  of this ladder, which was of bare deal, uncarpeted, you stepped directly By Mrs. Murray Hickson  271   directly into the box-room itself, on one side of which was a dark  recess holding a large cistern for water. To-night as I came to  the foot of the stairs, I could hear the water gurgling through the  pipes into the great tank, and caught an intermittent sound of rain  upon the window in the sloping roof. A light shone from the  top of the staircase ; evidently somebody was there before me, and  I blew out my candle ere climbing the ladder. It was late, the  house was very still, and I wondered who had thus invaded my  territory, for, as my bedroom was small, I kept many things stowed away in my big travelling trunk, and I often came up here  to fetch what, at the moment, I required. When my eyes were  level with the floor of the box-room I stopped suddenly, and I  understood. The room had been turned into a bedchamber.  Trunks and portmanteaus were piled along one side of the wall,  and a small--very small--truckle bedstead stood underneath the  skylight. One chair and a broken-down chest of drawers  completed the furniture. A small square of looking-glass  cracked across one corner, hung upon the wall. Martha herself  knelt beside the bed, her face hidden in the pillow. Her loosened  hair--crisp, and bright chestnut in colour--streamed over her  coarse white night-gown ; her bare feet, as she knelt, were thrust  out from beneath the hem. I stood a moment, and then, for the  girl had neither heard nor seen me, crept cautiously down the  steep stairs back to the landing below. I would go without my  book to-night, for Martha was saying her prayers, and, to judge by  the convulsive movement of her shoulders, Martha was also crying. II A week later our new lady-boarder arrived, and a very fine lady  she was. We, the older occupants of the establishment, shrank into 272  Martha  into insignificance beside her ; her gowns were so smart, and her requirements were so many. Now came the time of Martha's  trial, and, poor child, a severe ordeal it proved to be. She was  called upon, without any previous training, and with no help  beyond her own native wits, to wait at the dinner-table. I must  say that Martha's wits (being, though tenacious, somewhat slow)  at times failed her ; but, on the whole, it seemed to me that she  did very well indeed, especially as Mrs. Norris, during the dinner  hour, confiscated her spectacles, so that she was obliged to find  her way about the room in that semi-mist which blurs the vision  of very short-sighted people. Her appearance, however, as her  mistress justly observed, was enormously improved thereby ; and  her eyes, albeit often red and swollen with much weeping, were  so well-shaped and charmingly fringed with long lashes that one  could hardly regret the absence of the ugly, though useful, glasses. Poor little Martha ! She used to hand the dishes,  I remember, with awkward haste and alacrity, born of an earnest  desire to give satisfaction and to succeed. Her cheeks were  flushed, her small hands a trifle tremulous ; her hair--usually  dragged back from her forehead and twisted into a tight knot  behind--had become, by this time in the evening, slightly  loosened : here and there a stray curl crept above her brow. She  was still very shabby ; and in consequence of much hard work  and little leisure, her hands, I noticed, had lost their  appear- ance of cleanliness, and become permanently roughened and  begrimed. But, in spite of this, I began to look upon Martha as  quite a pretty girl. She did not have a particularly good time of it, I am afraid ;  she was far too sweet-tempered and anxious to conciliate every- body. Most of the hard words of the household, and a good deal  of its concentrated ill-temper, fell to her share, and was borne by her By Mrs. Murray Hickson  273   her with uncomplaining patience. Now and again--for Martha  was occasionally both slow and uncomprehending--I myself felt  tempted to speak sharply to her ; but something in the expression  of her earnest little face, some unconscious pathos in her person- ality, restrained me. Gradually, as the weeks passed, I found  myself more and more interested in her--once or twice almost  painfully so. One day in particular, I remember, things had gone awry with  Martha from morning until night. She let fall, and smashed to  atoms, a vegetable dish which she was handing to her mistress at  luncheon. Mrs. Norris was, naturally, much annoyed, and the  poor girl went through the rest of her duties with burning cheeks,  and an increased clumsiness of manner. Afterwards I heard one  of the other servants scolding her about a fire which had been  allowed to die out, and, later in the evening, I found her in the  hall, undergoing a severe reprimand from Amy Norris, whose  nightly letter she had dropped into the mud on her way to the  post. " It isn't only that," said Amy, with concentrated scorn and  annoyance. "Though such stupidity is bad enough, goodness  knows. But she must needs bring the letter back again, to show  to me--as if that would do any good ! And now she's missed the  post from the pillar-box. Isn't it inconceivable ? " As the last few words were addressed to me, I nodded in reply.  It certainly did appear inconceivable--I should have posted the letter and said nothing about it. Amy rubbed the envelope vigorously with her handkerchief. " I thought, Miss, I'd better tell you about it, I thought  perhaps you'd like to write it over again," said Martha, submis- sively. "You thought--you thought--you've no business to think," snapped 274  Martha  snapped Amy. She turned into the dining-room to re-write the  address. The front door was open, and the gas-light from the  hall streamed out into the night. The steps were shining with  wet ; because of the fog, one could hardly see beyond them. The  street, at this time, was almost deserted, but the throb and roar of  a big London thoroughfare close at hand came to us through the  darkness. I looked at Martha, who stood waiting beside me. She was  pale, and I noticed that she shifted wearily from one foot to the  other as though too tired to rest her weight upon either. Before,  however, I had time to say more than a hasty word to her, Amy  came back with the letter. "You must go to the Post-office now," she said. " Be quick,  Martha, don't lose a moment." The girl ran hastily down the steps, and Amy shut the door  behind her, "Stupid little thing," she said vexedly. "She seems always to  be doing something idiotic. I really don't see how we are to  keep her." I should like to have represented the matter from my point of  view, but upon other people's affairs, silence is presumably golden ;  therefore I held my peace. Martha's cup had been so full all day that, when she came to  my room with hot water at bed-time, a kindly word or two over- came her completely. She set down the hot water can, and  mopped her streaming eyes with a crumpled pocket-handkerchief.  I waited till her sobs became less suffocating. Presently she  stammered an excuse and an explanation. The mistress, it  appeared, had called her into her room half an hour earlier, and,  complaining that her only black gown was too shabby for daily  wear, had commanded her to buy another with the least possible delay.   By  Mrs. Murray Hickson  275   delay. Also the broken vegetable dish must be made good out of  her next month's wages. " I can't do it, m'm, indeed I can't," she said, breathlessly ; " I don't have but seven pound a year ; and I've got to help mother  all I can. Father died just before I came here, and mother has  four children besides me to look after ; she's not strong either,  isn't mother." " Your frock is shabby, Martha," I said severely ; " it's shiny at  the seams and frayed at the hem. As for the vegetable dish-- well, you break a lot of things, you know, and Mrs. Norris is not  rich enough to replace them." Martha sniffed sadly. " But white caps and aprons do run into money," she remarked,  with apparent irrelevance, and turned towards the door to depart.  Her head drooped disconsolately, her tired feet dragged as she walked. " Martha," said I, " stop a minute, and come here." She came back at once, standing before me with tear-stained  cheeks ; her breath, like that of a grieving child, caught now and  again in a vagrant, shivering sob. I meant to give myself the luxury of a kindness, and Martha  the pleasure of a new gown. "The vegetable dish," said I, "you must replace yourself ; but  the frock I will give to you. I will buy the stuff, and we must  find somebody who can make it up for you nicely. But, if I do  this, you must promise me to be very careful in future, and to  break no more dishes." For a minute the girl made no reply, then the ready tears  brimmed again into her eyes. " Oh ! m'm, you are good--you are good," she said eagerly.  "And I will try; that I will. But I'm that stupid, I never  seem able to do right." The Yellow Book Vol. VII.  Q "Well, 276  Martha  " Well, don't cry--you've cried enough to-day. Go to bed,  now, and have a good night ; it's long past eleven. By the way,  don't I hear you up very early in the morning ? Martha's room was over mine. " Yes m'm. Now it's so cold I get up at a quarter to six to make  tea for the other servants. They like a cup in bed in the mornings." She said it in all simplicity, and I made no comment upon the communication. If it had been my own house .... But it  wasn't, and I had no excuse for interference. * * * * * I bought Martha a thick stuff gown--and she needed it.  Winter, which set in late that year, made up for its loitering by  an intense severity. I could barely keep myself warm, even with  the help of a big fire in my bedroom ; Martha's little chamber  next to the great water-cistern must have been bitterly cold. It  contained no fireplace, and Mrs. Norris, whose fear of fire  amounted to a craze, would not allow the use of a gas-stove. In  all weathers, at all hours, Martha ran the errands of the household.  She was up early, she went to bed late ; how, when she got there,  she contrived to sleep at all, is a mystery to me, save that youth  and hopefulness are potent to achieve miracles. The bitter cold  froze our tempers below zero ; we were fractious and difficult to  please, and Martha, as usual, bore the brunt of everybody's dissa- tisfaction ; yet, in spite of her difficult lot, the girl seemed to  expand and flourish. She looked very neat in her new frock, and  I noticed that her hair was arranged more loosely, so that the  fluffy little curls about her forehead showed to advantage. This  was the result of a chance remark of mine--whether wise or not I  am now uncertain. When, at last, winter left us, and the streets  of London broke into an epidemic of violets and of primroses,  Martha had grown into a positively pretty girl. I had By Mrs. Murray Hickson  277   I had a chat with her one morning in April, and I learnt the  reason of her altered looks. Martha had got a " young man "--a  young man who, she believed, really cared for her, and wished to  marry her. Meantime they intended " to keep company " together. All this she confided to me shyly, with many blushes,  and I--whom love and youth seemed alike to have deserted-- I sighed a little as I listened to her. Perhaps because I envied her somewhat, perhaps because (now  that the girl was comparatively happy) she no longer appealed to  my warmest sympathies, I did not, from this time, take so keen  an interest in her. And for this I have many times, especially  since my own life warmed under a new sunshine, reproached  myself. Martha was much happier than she had been, but Martha  would have been glad of a little sympathy from me all the same.  She had grown accustomed to my interest in her ; but now, I  fear, she looked for it in vain. She used sometimes to linger  beside the door when she came into my bedroom, and once,  looking up quickly, I caught a wistful expression on her face  which it hurts me now to remember. But there was much to  occupy me just then, and Martha had her lover ; I did not consider  that she needed me. I wonder how far, and how often, we are responsible for the  misfortunes of those who live under the same roof, and yet are  not upon the same level, with ourselves. I wonder how often a  frank word of warning, of sympathy, or of advice would save our  servant girls from the miserable marriages, or the still more cruel  abandonments, which so frequently become their portion. I don't  know. Perhaps no one of us can stand between another and her  fate ; perhaps a hundred impalpable differences of thought,  custom, and education build a wall between us and our servants, which 278  Martha  which only a very rare love and sympathy can overclimb. I can't  be sure ; but--be that as it may--I never think of Martha, and  of Martha's patient service and uncomplaining diligence, without  a pang of self-reproach. I was old enough to be her mother, and,  since her mistress would not dream of doing so, I ought to have  kept an eye upon her. But I grew accustomed to her coming  and going ; to her anxious, flushed little face as she handed the  dishes at meal times ; to the sound of her heavy feet as, when  everyone else had gone to bed, she climbed the carpetless ladder  to her attic under the roof, and I forgot how eagerly, in so  dreary a life, she must welcome a little freedom and a little love. * * * * * I was away for some time in the early summer, and, on my  return, I found that Martha's place was filled by a stranger. I made  instant inquiries. Mrs. Norris answered, with full information.  Amy drew herself up in prim and conscious rectitude. She was  to be married in the autumn, and could afford to look with  severity upon the frailty of a servant maid. Martha, it appeared, had got herself into trouble. Martha,  like Eliza, had been dismissed at once, without a character. She  and her meagre baggage--the same bonnet-box with which she  had arrived, and a rather larger brown-paper parcel--had been  turned out of the house at an hour's notice. She had begged for  my address, but that, in order to save me from annoyance, had  been withheld from her. I said very little--what was the use ?--but I found out the name of the Surrey village from which she had come to us, and I  went down there in the course of the week. My memory of  the girl, as so often happens, was more pathetic than her actual  presence had been. I felt uneasy until I could get news of  her. It By Mrs. Murray Hickson  279   It was June weather in the heart of Surrey--that still June  weather which is the essence of an English summer. The lanes  were sweet with dog-roses ; the vines on Martha's cottage home  were already covered with many small bunches of quaint green fruit. The air was soft and full of perfume ; the tiny garden was ablaze with old-fashioned flowers. Martha's mother was at home--a tall, frail woman, aged pre- maturely by poverty and the stress of early motherhood. She received me, wondering ; but, when I explained my errand, she  burst into sudden tears. I do not know whether grief or anger  held the uppermost place in her heart ; certainly it never occurred  to her that she was to blame for sending her girl, unprepared, into  a world of danger and temptation. She could give me no news of her daughter--there was no  news to give. Martha had never come home ; her mother evi- dently did not expect her to do so. She had stepped over the  threshold of 127 Underwood Terrace, and had disappeared into  that outside world which, to such as she, shows little of mercy,  and even less of sympathy and comprehension. Her mother hardly desires to see her again ; and I--though I  do not forget her--I recall her only as a pathetic memory which, each year, grows less and less distinct. On the Yealm By A. Chevallier Tayler Voyages dans les Yeux Par   Dauphin Meunier VAISSEAUX, impatients à l'heure du départ D'éployer 1'éventail de vos sillons de moire, N'avez-vous pas de pauvres âmes sans histoire, Des âmes comme nous éprises de hasard ? Ne poursuivons-nous pas les mêmes rêves d'or ? N'ai-je pas comme vous perdu la tramontane, Interrogé le ciel et la mer océane, Et touché terre hélas ! bien loin du Labrador. . . . Mais aussi, loin des bords dont vous faisiez le tour, J'aventurais alors mes périlleux voyages, Voulant, pour découvrir le plus beau des rivages, Des chemins qui n'aient pas ici-bas de retour. __________ Ainsi, j'ai vu des yeux s'entr'ouvrir plus troublants Que le soulèvement de la mer courroucée, Ou calmes et sur qui la paupière abaissée Semblait en son repos 1'aile des goëlands ; Des 284  Voyages dans les Yeux Des yeux noyés de nuit, opaques et profonds Dans leur douleur muette ou leur obscure joie, Comme 1'eau d'une mare insondée où tournoie Parfois un ancien mort, surgi de ses bas-fonds ; D'autres avaient si clairs leurs globes transparents ! D'autres, en leur couleur de pierre aventurine, Comme on voit dans les flots la roche sous-marine, Pour un visible écueil m'en cachaient de plus grands. Sur ceux-là les sourcils recourbés doucement Paraissaient 1'arc du ciel qui monte et puis décline, Ou bien, épais et noirs, annonçaient la bruine, Ou, rejoints et froncés, un long déchaìnement. Et j'en ai vu, pareils à 1'anse d'un beau port, Saluer mes couleurs d'éclatantes fanfares ; J'apercevais de loin le feu certain des phares. . . . Et je restai longtemps captif de leurs cils d'or. __________ Ainsi, tantôt en proie au calme décevant, Tantôt frêle jouet de vaines étendues, Revenant sans fortune et mes peines perdues, O vaisseaux ! comme vous j'ai naufragé souvent. Maintenant Par Dauphin Meunier  285 Maintenant des yeux bleus dans leurs eaux m'ont ancré ; Et si je voulais fuir, carène surannée, Ces yeux d'un pur azur de Méditerranée, Leurs digues retiendraient mon coeur désemparé. Heureux vaisseaux, pressés de 1'heure du départ, Eployez donc sans moi vos sillages de moire ; Sans moi recommencez 1'aventureuse histoire Des âmes vainement éprises de hasard. Two Drawings By Norman Garstin I. Trengwainton II. A Portrait The Web of Maya By   Ella D'Arcy I Le Tas is the name of the land lying at the southern extremity  of the Isle of Saint Maclou. It would form a separate islet  by itself, but that it is joined to the larger one by an isthmus, a  wall of rock, of such dizzy height, of such sheer descent, that  the narrow road on top gropes falteringly its perilous way from  side to side. The fishermen of Saint Maclou, who are also its farmers, its field-labourers, its coachmen, when driving a party of trippers  over to Le Tas, get down at the beginning of the Coupée, as  this strange isthmus is called, and, in their courteous broken English,  invite their fares to get down too. Then, holding the horse by  the bridle, and walking backwards before him, the driver leads  him over the Coupée, turning an anxious eye this side and the  other, to see that the wheels keep within the meagre limits : for, a  careless movement here--a false step--and you would be precipitated  down a clear three hundred feet to the sea below. But it is only  an experienced fisherman who will take you over the Coupée at  all. If a young man happens to be driving, he will send you into Le 292  The Web of Maya  Le Tas on foot, while he smokes his cigar, as he waits for you in  safety at the Saint Maclou end. Le Tas, as its name suggests, is just a mound or heap of rocks.  Flung up there by the sea, ages ago, the same sea has already so  undermined it, so under-tunnelled it, that with a few ages more  it must crumble in, and sink again to the ocean bed from which  it came. There are very few houses on Saint Maclou ; besides the  Seigneurie, the Rectory, and the Belle Vue Hotel, perhaps only  some forty homesteads and cottages. On Le Tas there are  but five all told. You come upon four of these shortly after  crossing the Coupée. Grouped together in a hollow which  hides them from the road, they are still further hidden by  the trees planted to shelter them from the great westerly gales.  But, should you happen to make your way down to them, you would discover a homely and genial picture : little gardens ablaze  with flowers, tethered cows munching the grass, fowls clacking,  pigeons preening themselves and cooing, children playing on the  thresholds, perhaps a woman, in the black sun-bonnet of the  Islands, hanging her linen out to dry, between the gnarled apple  trees of the little orchard on the right. When you have left these cottages behind you, Le Tas  grows wilder and more barren with every step you take. At   you walk through gorse and bracken ; patches of purple heather  contrast with straggling patches of golden ragwort. But, further  on, nothing grows from the thin layer of wind-carried soil, save a  short grass, spread out like a mantle of worn green velvet, through  which bare granite knees and elbows protrude at every point.  You see no sign of life, but a goat or two browsing on the steep  declivities, the rabbits scudding among the ferns, the rows of  cormorants standing in dark sedateness on the rocks below. You hear By Ella D'Arcy  293   hear nothing but the strange complaining cry of the sea-gull, as  it floats above your head on wide-spreading motionless wings, and  draws, as by an invisible string, a swift-flying shadow far behind  it, over the sunny turf. Here, at the very end of Le Tas, facing the sea, stands the  fifth house, a low squalid cottage, or rather a row of cottages, built  of wood, and tarred over, with a long, unbroken, shed-like roof of  slate. It has no garden, no yard, nor any sort of enclosure, but  stands set down barely there upon the grass, as a child sets down  a toy-house upon a table. It was built to lodge the miners, when, forty years since, great  hopes were entertained of extracting silver from the granite of Le  Tas. Shafts were sunk, a plant imported, a row of half-a-dozen  one-roomed cottages run up on the summit of the rock. But the  little silver that was found never paid the expenses of working.  The mines were long ago abandoned, though the stone chimneys  of their shafts still raise their heads among the bracken, and, white- washed over, serve as extra landmarks to the boatmen out at sea. The cottages had been long disused, or only intermittently in- habited, until, one day, Philip Le Mesurier, of Jersey, called upon  the Seigneur, and offered to rent them for himself. It was just  after Le Mesurier's six years of unhappy married life had come to  an end. Mrs. Le Mesurier had, one night, without any warning,  left Rozaine Manor, taking her little son with her, and she had  absolutely refused to go back, or to live with her husband again.  There had been a great scandal. The noise of it had spread  through the islands. It had even reached Saint Maclou. Women  said that Le Mesurier had ill-used his wife shamefully, had beaten  her before the servants, had habitually permitted himself the most  disgusting language. He was known to have the Le Mesurier  violent temper ; he was suspected of having the Le Mesurier taste for 294  The Web of Maya  for drink. Lily Le Mesurier, on the other hand, was spoken of  as the sweetest, the most long-suffering of God's creatures, a  martyred angel, against whom, though she was young and pretty,  no worse fault could be alleged than that she was " clever " and  read " deep " books. A most devoted mother, it was only when  she at last realised that she must not expose her child to the daily  degradation of his father's example, that she had finally deter- mined upon a step so inexpressibly painful to her feelings as a  separation. A few men shrugged their shoulders ; said they should like to  hear Le Mesurier's side of the story ; but knew they would never  hear it, as he was much too proud to stoop to self-excusings. The Seigneur of Saint Maclou was among those whose sym- pathies went with Le Mesurier. They had a club acquaintance- ship in Jersey. He welcomed him to Saint Maclou ; converted  the " Barracks," as the cottages on Le Tas were called, into a  single house, more or less convenient ; and hoped that during  the short time Le Mesurier would probably remain on the island,  he would come often to the Seigneurie. The young man thanked him, sent over a little furniture, came  himself, with his guns and his fishing tackle, and took up his  residence in the Barracks. But he went very seldom to the  Seigneurie, where he ran the risk of meeting visitors from Jersey ;  and when this had happened a second time, he went there no more.  And he stayed on at Le Tas long after the reason he had given  for his presence--that he had come for a holiday, to sketch, to  shoot, to fish--had ceased to find credence. He stayed on  through the autumn, through the winter, through the spring ; he  neither fished, nor shot, nor painted ; he held no intercourse with  anyone ; he lived entirely alone. The only person with whom  he ever exchanged a word was Monsieur Chauchat, the French pastor. By Ella D'Arcy  295 pastor. Sometimes, in the evening, Le Mesurier would walk over  to Saint Maclou, and smoke a pipe at the Rectory ; sometimes,  when the weather was tempting, the old clergyman, who liked  him and pitied him, would come up in the afternoon to pay a  visit to the Barracks ; but these meetings between them were  rare, and, as Le Mesurier grew more moody, and Chauchat more  feeble, they became rarer still. But one day, in the dirty living-room of his cottage, Le  Mesurier sat and entertained an unexpected and most unwel- come guest. Outside the window nothing was visible but whiteness--an  opaque, luminous, sun-suffused whiteness, which obliterated earth  and sky and sea. For Le Tas, and Saint Maclou, and the whole  Island Archipelago, were enveloped in one of those wet and  hurrying mists so common here in August. It blew from the  north-east ; broke against the high cliffs of Saint Maclou, as a  river breaks against a boulder ; overflowed the top ; lay in every  valley like some still inland lake ; and, pouring down every head- land on the south and west, swept out again to sea. The cottage on Le Tas, at all times solitary, was this afternoon completely cut off from the rest of the world. Le Mesurier's living-room, in its dirt and its disorder, showed  plainly that no woman ever came there. Unwashed cooking  utensils and crockery littered up the hearth and dresser ; the baize  cover and cushions of the jonquière, often lain upon, were never  shaken or cleaned ; rusting guns, disordered fishing tackle, can -vases, a battered oil-paint box, spoke of occupations thrown  aside and tastes forgotten. On a table in the window were  writing-materials, a couple of dog-eared books, a tobacco-jar, a pipe, 296  The Web of Maya pipe, and a bottle of whisky. These last, of all the articles in  the room, alone showed the lustre which comes from frequent use. The host's appearance matched his surroundings. He wore a  dirty flannel shirt, a ragged, paint-stained coat, burst canvas shoes.  His hands were unwashed ; his hair and beard were uncombed,  and neither had been touched by scissors for the last six months. The guest, on the contrary, was clean, fragrant, irreproachable  at every point ; in a light grey summer suit, and brown boots ;  with glossy linen, and glossy, well-kept finger-nails. He had a  trick of drawing these together in an even row over the palm  of his hand, while he contemplated them admiringly, his head a  little on one side. The dabs of light reflected from their surface  made them look like a row of polished pink shells. Le Mesurier  remembered this trick of old, and hated Shergold for it, but not  more than he hated him for everything else. Shergold, on his arrival, had asked for something to eat ; and  Le Mesurier had taken bread and cheese from the cupboard, and  flung them down on the table before him, and had filled a great  tin jug--one of the curious tin jugs never seen elsewhere than in  the Islands--with cider from the cask in the corner. " Yes," Shergold was saying, " we were two hours late ; and,  but that old Hamon piloted us, we might never have got here at  all. I don't believe any one but Hamon could have kept us off  the rocks to-day. I only hope we shall make better time going  back, or I shall lose the boat for Jersey. That would mean staying  in Jacques-le-Port until Monday, and I'm anxious to get to Lily  at once. She will be so glad to know I have seen you, to hear all  about you." Le Mesurier's dull, quiescent hate sprang suddenly into activity.  He felt he could have throttled the man who sat so calmly on the  other side of the table, eating, and speaking between his mouthfuls of By Ella D'Arcy  297   of Le Mesurier's wife. He could have throttled him for the  unctuous correctness of his appearance, for his conventional,  meaningless good looks, for those empty, showy eyes of his,  which the fools who believed in him called " flashing " and  " intellectual ; " he could have throttled him for the air of self- satisfaction, of complacency, breathed by his whole person ; he  could have throttled him for the amiable lie he had just told of  Lily's anxiety for news of himself, her husband. All Lily was  anxious to hear, of course, was that Shergold had obtained Le  Mesurier's consent to the business proposition over which they  had been corresponding for so long, and which to-day was the occasion of Shergold's visit. But he concealed his rage, and only showed his surprise at  hearing that Lily was again in Jersey. For one of the many  subjects of disagreement between her and himself, one of their  many causes of quarrel, had been her persistent detestation of  Jersey. Shergold explained : " Yes. I hadn't time to mention it in my  last letter ; but Lily left London on Monday, and has gone to  some very nice rooms I was able to secure for her at Beaumont.  In fact, my old rooms--you will remember them--when I was at  the College." "She might at least have gone home," said Le Mesurier,  with bitterness, " since I'm not there to contaminate the place.  Rozaine, as she knows, is always at her service." "Ah, yes--of course--thank you--you are very kind. But the  air at Rozaine is hardly sufficiently bracing. You see, it's on  account of the boy. He has been overworking at his studies,  and needs sea-bathing, tonic, ozone." The impertinence of Shergold's thanks might have stung  Le Mesurier to an angry retort, but that the mention of his little The Yellow Book--Vol. VII.  R son. 298  The Web of Maya  son, whom he had not seen for more than a year, turned his  thoughts and feelings upon a different bent. He caught himself  wishing that he could have him out here on Le Tas. The keen  air, the free, out-of-door, wholesome life, would soon put health  into the body, and colour into the pale little face, that rose  so vividly before the father's mind. Another of the causes of  dissension between Le Mesurier and Lily had been the system,  inspired by Shergold, which she had rigorously insisted upon  following in the training and education of the child. Every day  had its regular set programme of lessons and of play ; but the play  consisted of formal exercise--" Calisthenics," as Shergold termed  it--which at stated hours the boy was obliged to accomplish ; so  that, to his constrained young spirit, it no doubt became as irk- some as a task. And then, Shergold, though a hearty consumer  of butcher's meat in practice, was, in theory, a convinced vege- tarian ; and Lily, despite her husband's most earnest, most violent  opposition, would allow little Phil no stronger nourishment than  such as might be contained in beans and lentils. Le Mesurier spoke aloud, impulsively. " Lily might send  Phil to me for a few weeks, I think. It would do him all the  good in the world. It is much healthier here than at Beaumont." Shergold raised his eyebrows, and took a comprehensive glance  round the unswept, uncleaned, undusted room. " Oh, I'd have a woman in. I'd have all this set right," said  the father, eagerly. "You can hardly be serious," answered Shergold. " You know  Lily's views. You could hardly expect her to let Phil stop here  alone with you." Le Mesurier flushed angrily. " After all, he's my own child. If I chose to assert my rights --if I should insist on having him--" "Oh, By Ella D'Arcy  299   " Oh, your rights ! " interrupted Shergold. " Come, come.  You're forgetting our agreement. The boy remains in his  mother's care, and under her control, till he's one-and-twenty,  and you're not to interfere." "But it was understood that I could see him whenever I  wished." "And so you can. But you must go to see him ; Lily can't  let him leave her, to come to you. If you choose to exile your- self to Le Tas, and lead this solitary, half-savage sort of life, you  can't complain that you're prevented from seeing Phil. It's your  own fault. You ought to be living at Rozaine." "Tell my wife what she ought or ought not to do, since she's  fool enough to listen to you," broke out Le Mesurier hotly, " and  be damned to you both ! I shall do as I please. What business  is it of yours where or how I live ? " Shergold shrugged his shoulders. "You appear to be as violent in temper, and as unrestrained in  language, as ever," he said calmly. " A pretty example you'd set  your son ! But we're straying from the point. Let's give our  attention to the business that brought me here, and get it done  with." He drew a large envelope from the inner breast-pocket of  his coat. " You may save yourself the trouble of opening that," Le  Mesurier informed him. " Let Lily send me the boy for a month,  and I'll consider the matter. Under present conditions, I refuse  even to discuss it with you." " Nonsense," said Shergold. " You know she won't send you  the boy. The notion is preposterous. Now, as for these  papers--" "I refuse to discuss the matter," Le Mesurier repeated. " Send  me Phil, and we'll see. But, until then, I refuse to discuss it with 300  The Web of Maya  with you. If Lily hesitates, use your influence with her," he  added sardonically. " The notion's preposterous, if you like, but  you've persuaded her to more preposterous courses still, before  now. You've persuaded her to leave her husband, to give up her  position, her duties ; you've persuaded her to go and live in  London, to be near you, to complete her education, to develop  her individuality, and a lot of damned rot of that sort. Well, now,  persuade her to this. Persuade her to let me have the boy for a  time. Persuade her that it's for Phil's own good. And tell her  roundly that I refuse absolutely to hold any kind of business  discussions with either her or her agent, until I've got the boy." "You're mad, Le Mesurier. It is I, as you know, who have  consistently advised Lily, on the contrary, to remove the boy as  far as possible from your influence. If you are serious in asking  me now to urge her to let him come here, and live alone with  you, day in and day out, for a month--really, you must be  mad." " Very good. Mad or not, you have heard my last word.  And if you cannot see your way to meeting my wishes in  the matter, I don't know that there's anything that need detain  you here longer." He looked significantly from Shergold to the door. The mist  was lifting a little. A pale sun was just visible behind it, a disc  of gold shining through a veil ; and here and there, through rifts,  one could catch glimpses of faint blue sky. Shergold, vexed, hesitant, looked at his watch. " You're wasting precious time," he said, impatiently.  " What's the use of opening old sores ? You know our decision  about the child is irrevocably fixed. You yourself assented to it  long ago. What's the sense of letting this new idea of yours--  this freak--this whim, to have him here--interfere with business of By Ella D'Arcy  301   of importance--business about which I've taken the trouble to  pay you this altogether distasteful visit ?" But Le Mesurier merely opened the door, and with a gesture  invited Shergold to pass out. His expression was so menacing,  his gesture might so easily have transformed itself into the pre- paration for a blow, that Shergold instinctively moved towards  the threshold. " You refuse to consider the matter ? " he asked. "Let Lily send the boy, and I'll consider it." " That's your last word ?" " No ! " shouted Le Mesurier, suddenly losing all control of  himself. " Go to Hell, you sneaking Jesuit ! That's my last  word." Then, finding a certain childish joy in the mere calling  of names--the mere utterance of his hate, his fury : " You empty  wind-bag ! You low-bred pedant ! You bloated mass of self-  conceit ! Go to Hell ! " And he flung the door to, in Shergold's astonished face. Le Mesurier stood alone in the cottage, shaken by impotent  rage. His thoughts followed Shergold going away ; unsuccessful,  indeed, but superior, calm, self-satisfied ; full of a lofty contempt,  a Pharisaic pity, for Le Mesurier's violence, for his childishness,  his ineffectual profanity, his miserable mode of life. Le Mesurier  could imagine Shergold telling Lily of her husband's churlish  refusal to discuss the business that had taken him to Saint Maclou ;  of the impossible condition he had imposed ; of his dirty surround- ings, his neglected appearance, his brutal language, his ungovern- able temper. Le Mesurier saw the disgust such a narration would  inspire in his wife, the fresh justification she would find in it for  all her past conduct. And he imagined how, while Shergold and Lily 302  The Web of Maya  Lily talked him over, Phil, the child, his son, would catch a word  here and there, as children do, and would unconsciously conceive  a prejudice against his father, which would influence him through  life. . . . God! it was unendurable. Was there no way? . . . . Then, all at once, he laughed. An idea had begun to push its  head insidiously up from among the confusion of his thoughts.  The idea surprised him, pleased him, tempted him ; and, as he  contemplated it, he laughed. . . . In a moment he opened the door and hurried out, after  Shergold. The sun was again hidden, the blue rifts had closed, the mist  was thicker than before. But, a little distance ahead, a dark  form was silhouetted on the whiteness ; and, thrilling with ex- citement, in a glow of irresponsible gaiety, Le Mesurier, following  noiselessly over the grass, kept this form in view. Along the meandering foot-worn track, which leads from the  Barracks back over Le Tas ; down through the gorse and bracken ;  on through the lane that skirts the tree-sheltered cottages ; and so  to the beginning of the Coupée, where the land falls away, and  nothing is left but the narrow road that creeps tremulously over  the top of the rock wall, three hundred feet high, with a precipice  on either side, and the sea at the bottom : Le Mesurier stealthily  followed Shergold. And when the middle of the Coupée was reached, Le Mesurier  knew that the moment had come. He acted promptly. Before there  was time for speech between the men, the thing was done, and he  stood there on the road alone--a startled broken cry still ringing  in his ears ; then, after what seemed a long interval of silence, a  splash, a far-away muffled splash, from deep below, as if he had  dropped a stone, wrapped in a blanket, into the water. Le Mesurier waited till the silence grew round and complete again. By Ella D'Arcy  303 again. And presently he turned away light-heartedly, and walked  back to the Barracks. II He was glad, very glad, that his enemy was dead. This was the thought, this the feeling--a feeling of gladness,  a thought, "But I am glad, glad, glad!"--which kept him  company all the succeeding days. The knowledge that he would never have to see him again--  never again look upon his fatuous, handsome face--never again  listen to his voice, his smooth, even, complacent voice--this  knowledge poured through him with warm comfort. He would lie out on the grass, in the sun, revelling in a sensa- sation of well-being that was almost physical, and rehearsing in  memory the events as they had happened : Shergold's arrival,  their conversation, Shergold's departure ; the great, good, satisfying  outburst of vituperation with which Le Mesurier had pursued him  from his threshold ; and then that brief moment of soul-filling  consummation, of tangible, ponderable joy, on the Coupée. Remorse ? No, he did not feel the slightest remorse.  " Remorse ?--I thought a man who had killed another always  felt remorse," he said to himself, with a vague sort of surprise, but  with very certain exultation. Hitherto, he had accepted tacitly  the conventional teachings on the subject. Bloodguiltiness must  be followed by remorse, as certainly as night by morning. The  slayer destroyed, along with his victim, his own peace for ever.  He could no more enjoy food, rest, or pleasant indolence. And sleep --" Macbeth has murdered sleep ! " He must always be haunted by  the reproachful phantom of the dead, and shaken by continual ague- fits of terror, gnawed by perpetual dread, lest his crime should be discovered 304  The Web of Maya discovered and brought home to him. These were the ready-made  notions the truth of which Le Mesurier had taken for granted :  but now he had tested them ; he had tested them, and behold,  they were false. After all, he told himself, every man's experience  is individual ; you can learn nothing from books, nothing from  the experience of others. Hearsay evidence is worthless. " I am  a murderer, as it is called. I should inevitably be hanged if they  could prove the thing against me. And yet--remorse ? " No ;  he felt himself to be a thousand times happier, a thousand times  easier in his mind, a thousand times more contented, more at  peace, than he had ever been in the days of his innocence. In killing  Shergold, he had simply removed an intolerable burden from his  spirit. He found himself singing, whistling, scraps of opera, snatches  of old ballads, as he went about the daily routine of preparing his  food, or as he wandered hither and thither over the scant sun- burned grass of the islet. After all, Shergold had well-deserved  his fate. It was owing to him that Le Mesurier's life was ruined,  his home broken up, his boy separated from him, his wife's affec- tions alienated. It was thanks to Shergold that he had come here,  more than a year ago, to lead the life of a misanthrope, alone in  this melancholy cottage on Le Tas. And yet, Shergold was not his wife's lover ; had never been her  lover ; never, Le Mesurier knew, had desired to be her lover. He  thought he could almost have forgiven Shergold more easily if he  had been her lover ; the situation would have seemed, somehow,  less abnormal than the actual one. But Shergold had got at her  intellectually, had seduced her mind, had subjugated her spiritually.  He had known her before her marriage, ever since she was a girl  of sixteen. He had given her lessons in Greek, in mathematics.  Possibly, had he not been a married man himself at the time, he might By Ella D'Arcy  305   might have thought of marrying her. But it was after her  marriage, and after his own wife's death, about a year afterwards, that  his ascendancy over her became marked, that his constant presence  at Rozaine began vaguely to irritate Le Mesurier. He was such a cold, self-righteous, solemn, pompous pedant,  and withal such an ass, so shallow, so empty, so  null , Le Mesurier  felt. His pose of mental superiority was so unwarranted, so  odious. He betrayed in a hundred inflections of his voice, in perpetual supercilious upliftings of his eyebrows, the contempt he entertained for Lily's husband, as for a mere eating, drinking, sport-loving animal, without  culture, without fineness, without acquirements, but unfairly endowed by Fortune with large estates  and a charming wife ; a wife who, in other hands, with a wise and  discerning helpmeet, might (to use one of Shergold's own irrita- ting catch-words), "have raised the pyramid of self-culture to the  highest point." Shergold imagined himself to be like Goethe, to  resemble him physically, as well as temperamentally, and in the  character of his mind ; and he was constantly adopting, and adapting  to the exigencies of the moment, tag-ends of the poet's phrases.  He had a deep-seated, intimate conviction--a conviction based  not on evidence, not on experience, not on work accomplished,  but born, full-fledged, of his own instinctive egotism--that he was,  not merely a clever man, not merely a man of uncommon parts,  but a Great Man, a Man of transcendent Genius. It was as  a Man of Genius that Lily Le Mesurier looked up to him ; it was  as a Man of Genius that he looked down upon Lily Le Mesurier's  husband. And yet Philip, modest enough, and unpretentious,  could not help realising in his heart, that, of the two, he himself  was, in point of real native intelligence, the better man. Shergold displayed a silent commiseration for Lily which in- furiated Le Mesurier. He taught her to commiserate herself. She 306  The Web of Maya  She turned to him for sympathy in all her imagined troubles ; she  sought his advice on every point. She put the management of  the child virtually into his hands. He was always at Rozaine.  He came up there every day, directly his duties at the College  left him free. Lily kept him to dinner three or four times a  week. If Le Mesurier grumbled, she complained that he grudged  her her only amusement--good conversation ; that, save Professor  Shergold, she never met any one worth listening to, worth talking  to. He was the only man who understood her. Life was dull  enough, Heaven knew, at Rozaine ; and, if Philip was going to  object to the Professor's visits, she would not be able to live there at  all. It was an effective threat, the value of which Lily thoroughly  appreciated, a threat she did not scruple to employ as often as  occasion demanded, that she would "not be able to go on living  at Rozaine ; " for Le Mesurier had a dumb passion for the place,  and an immense pride in it : it was his home, his birthplace, it had  been in his family for generations. His love for Lily was a passion too. To live at Rozaine with her--with children possibly --he had pictured to himself as the ideal of absolute happiness. He could as little imagine himself living anywhere else, as he  could imagine himself living without Lily. So what could he do  but submit, and confirm Lily's constant invitations to Shergold,  with such cordiality as he could feign, and sit silent at the head of  his table, while these two talked radicalism, agnosticism, blatant  futilities, cheap enthusiasms of all sorts ? The Emancipation of  Woman, the Abolition of Monarchy, State Socialism, Disestablish- ment. . . . And Le Mesurier was conservative, as all the Islanders  are, and religious as men go. That is to say, he honoured the  Church in which he had been brought up, and in which all those  whom he had cared for had lived and died. It troubled him, therefore, that, when little Phil began to talk, Lily By Ella D'Arcy  307   Lily protested against the child's being taught any prayers. The  Professor, she said, held it criminal to fill a child's mind with  discredited theologies. No mention of the Christian Myth  should be permitted in his presence till he was old enough to  judge, to discriminate for himself. " It was just as criminal as it  would be to offer him innutritious or deleterious food for his physical  sustenance," Shergold explained. When Phil was three years  old, Le Mesurier put his foot down, and declared that the child  must be brought up a Christian. There was a great scene, at the  end of which Le Mesurier's anger exploded in curses ; and Lily  seized the opportunity for the appropriate sneer that " if that sort  of language was Christian, she preferred the language of Atheists."  Shergold urged, "But my dear fellow! Be reasonable. You don't want to teach your son demoralising superstitions. The exis- tence of a God, the divinity of Jesus of Nazareth--I can prove to  you the absurdity of both in five minutes, if you will listen. It's monstrous to instil such unscientific and pernicious dogmas into  the brain of a three-year-old infant." Le Mesurier took Phil on  his knee, alone in the nursery, and taught him the simple prayer  he himself had used as a child. After their discussion, and Le Mesurier's burst of profanity,  Shergold had left the house in injured dignity ; and Lily had  retired to her room, and remained there for forty-eight hours. At  the end of that time Le Mesurier was reduced to submission.  Lily insisted on his going down to the College, and bringing the  Professor back to dinner. The old footing was resumed, and  things went from bad to infinitely worse. Every periodic out- break on Le Mesurier's part was more violent than the last, and  every reparation exacted from him was more galling. The legend  of his violence, of his ill-conduct, began to spread about the  Island, and to form one of the chosen themes of gossip at the club, and 308  The Web of Maya  and at St. Hélier's tea-parties. The absolutely platonic nature of  the Professor's relations with Lily seemed to be understood, for in  a place where scandal is peculiarly rife, their friendship never  excited any. In the course of six years Le Mesurier had become a cipher in  his own house, and Shergold ruled by suggestion in small things  as well as in great. Le Mesurier covered an intolerable hatred  with a sullen and morose manner, and had endured with apparent  insensibility many keener mortifications than the one which  finally brought matters to a crisis. He had come home tired one day from the golf links, and  found Shergold, as usual, discoursing to Lily in the drawing- room. Le Mesurier threw himself into an easy chair, conscious  of no more than his habitual annoyance. The drawing-room tea  had been taken away, and it wanted about half-an-hour to dinner.  Shergold commented on his fagged appearance, and offered him  refreshment. " Come now, do take a glass of wine," he said, " or some  brandy and soda ; " with all the cordial civility of a man dispensing  hospitality from his own hearth-rug. " Let me ring for it." But before he could touch the bell, Le Mesurier was on his  feet, his temper boiling over, his mouth spluttering forth indignant protestations. The infernal insolence of the man, to play the  host to him in his own house ! " By God," he cried, " I think  this really is the limit ! " The Professor, always coldly superior, and deaf to Lily's  entreaties where his own dignity was at stake, took up his hat,  and left the room. A moment later he was passing before the  windows on his way to the lodge-gates. Then came a scene with Lily, more shattering than anything  Le Mesurier could have imagined. In her cool little voice, she said the By Ella D'Arcy  309   the cruellest things. Her tongue cut like the lash of a cunningly  contrived whip, and she brought it down again and again on the  most sensitive places of his soul ; those secret places which no  mere enemy could have discovered, but which, because of his love  for her, he had exposed fearlessly to her mercy. His pain turned  to anger : his anger became really a brief madness. He had  suddenly found himself standing over her, holding her by the  shoulder, shaking her violently. " Damn you, you little devil ! "  he had shouted, and his ringers had thrilled to strike her on her  pale provocative face ; but instinct, rather than deliberate forbear- ance, had saved him from this, and he had gripped her shoulder  instead. Then at that very moment the door had opened, and  Harris had entered to announce dinner. She had stood and looked at him with narrowing, malignant eyes--God, those eyes  he had so worshipped !--" You need not strike me before the servants," she had said, just as though he had been in the habit  of striking her, and she had raised her clear voice a little,  obviously that the man might hear. Le Mesurier had hastily  moved back a step, but his cuff-link had caught in the filmy stuff  that filled in the neck of her dress, and a portion of it had torn  away, and hung in a long fluttering strip from his sleeve. She  had made no movement to cover her bare neck ; on the contrary,  she pushed up her shoulder through the gap, and turned her eyes,  now tender, grieving eyes, to look at the five angry crimson  marks rising up on the white skin. Harris, of course, had seen  them plainly too. She had refused to go into dinner, she had  gone to her room ; when, later, Le Mesurier went there to ask  forgiveness, he could not find her. The boy's crib in the next room was empty. His wife had left Rozaine, and taken the child  with her. She had gone to an hotel in St. Hélier's for the night,  and left for her father's house in England the next morning. She 310  The Web of Maya  She had steadfastly refused to return, and Shergold had  supported her in her refusal. He had shortly after this given  up his appointment at Saint Hélier's for a better one in London,  where he had lived near Lily, influencing her as much as  ever, seeing her, doubtless, every day. In the few letters  which Lily had written her husband since the separation--  letters dealing always with points of business, with money  arrangements, rendered necessary by their altered relations--  Le Mesurier recognised, in the cold, judicial tone, the well- arranged phrases, Shergold's guiding hand. He at had  answered them briefly, latterly not at all, and it was his final  persistent silence which had brought his enemy in person to Le Tas, and delivered him into his hands.--Oh, he was glad he  had killed him ! Shergold had ruined his life, and he had taken  Shergold's. They were quits at last. No, he felt no remorse. But neither did he feel any fear ; and this surprised him, for  that the transgressor should fear discovery and retribution was  within every man's experience. He began to ask himself how  this was, and he came to believe that it arose from the fact that  he had in reality no cause for fear. Discovery was practically an  impossibility. In the  place, no one knew that Shergold had  come to Saint Maclou at all. He had told Le Mesurier it was a  sudden idea which had occurred to him during dinner, on which  he had acted the same night. Then the boat had been so late,  that, to save time, he had not gone into the hotel, where he might have been remembered, but had come up to Le Tas over  the cliffs, without notice or recognition from anybody. That he  should have been seen between leaving the cottage and reaching  the Coupée was impossible. Le Mesurier had followed him closely enough By Ella D'Arcy  311 enough all the way to know that no one else had been at any  time in sight. So thick was the mist, that a  person, to have  seen him at all, must have passed within arm's length. From all  danger of an eye-witness to his being in Shergold's company, or  to the supreme moment on the Coupée, Le Mesurier felt secure. But there was the chance that the body might be recovered.  It might be washed up on the Island or elsewhere. The body  of young Hamon, who had fallen from the cliffs the previous  summer, while searching for gulls eggs, had been found three  weeks later, so far away as the Isle of Wight. It had been  unrecognisable, for the face was completely destroyed, but it  had been identified by a pocket-knife with the lad's name engraved  upon the haft. Le Mesurier wondered whether there was any- thing on Shergold's person to identify him. Letters? The water would have reduced these to pulp. A ring? The hands and  fingers were always the parts  attacked by the fish. He recalled the gruesome stories told by the boatmen as they  row you from point to point, or which the women repeat to  each other during the long winter evenings as they sit over the  peat fires : stories of the cave-crabs, of the voracious fish which  swarm round these coasts ; of the mackerel which come in shoals,  hundreds of thousands strong, roughening the calm sea like a wind,  making a noise like thunder or the engines of some great steamer,  as they cut through the surface of the water in pursuit of the  little fish that fly before them. One story goes that a man  swimming out from Grève de la Mauve unwittingly struck into  such a shoal, and in an instant was pulled down by a million tenacious mouths and never seen again. . . . No, there was not  much fear that Shergold's body would be found. But even supposing the body were found and were recognised ;  even supposing Shergold's movements could be traced to Saint Maclou, 312  The Web of Maya Maclou, that his visit to Le Mesurier could be proved : there was  no iota of evidence to connect Le Mesurier with his death.  Le Mesurier's policy would be frankly to acknowledge the visit, to  describe how Shergold had left him, and to call to remembrance  the mist which had prevailed on that day. What more natural  than that Shergold should have met with a misadventure on the  way back, have walked over the cliff's edge instead of keeping to  the path, have missed his footing and fallen from the Coupée ?  Such misadventures were constantly happening, even among the  fishermen. There was not a point on the Island which was not  already the scene of some such tragedy. Le Mesurier assured himself he had no cause for fear. But as the days and weeks went by, what did surprise him  exceedingly was that he received no communication from Lily to  acquaint him with the Professor's disappearance. It had seemed  certain that she would write. For long ago Shergold must have  been missed ;  by his landlady, then by his friends. There  would have been much speculation, anxious enquiries, newspaper  paragraphs, in which his person would be described, a reward  offered. Then, as time went on, and nothing was heard of him,  the anxiety must have grown. There must have been an immense noise, a tremendous amount of talk. For he was, in  his way, a well-known man, a person of consideration ; he held a  responsible post. Le Mesurier never saw a newspaper ; not more  than a dozen, perhaps, were read in the whole of Saint Maclou,  and these were chiefly local papers from Jacques-le-Port ; but  he could imagine the excitement of the London Press, the  articles which were being written on the subject, the letters, the  suggestions, which every day must be bringing forth. And By Ella D'Arcy  313   And nevertheless, Le Mesurier received no notification from  Lily ; no news of any sort, no rumour touching Shergold's fate  was ever carried to Le Tas. The strangeness of such a silence  could only confirm him in the belief that Shergold had spoken to  no one of his intended journey to Saint Maclou, and he again told  himself he was absolutely safe. He turned to dismiss the subject  from his mind. But he found to his astonishment that he could not dismiss it, that  it had become a fixed idea, an obsession, which overpowered his will.  He was as impotent to chase Shergold from his waking thoughts  as from his troubled nightly dreams. If he looked up suddenly  to the window, it was because he fancied he had seen Shergold's  head passing rapidly by ; if he caught himself listening intently  in the stillness, he knew a moment later that it was because he  fancied Shergold had spoken, and that the vibrations of his voice  still shook the air. It was a horrible disappointment to learn that  instead of ridding himself of Shergold, as he had hoped, he seemed  to have bound himself up with him inseparably for ever. While  he had been alive, Le Mesurier, once out of his presence, had often  forgotten him for days at a time ; now that he was dead, Le  Mesurier could think of nothing else. But a more curious development was, that as time went by, he  noticed that his old, hearty, satisfying hatred for the man was  fading away. Does not absence always weaken hatred ? And  when you realise the absence to be eternal, to be the immutable  absence of death, is not hatred extinguished ? Love is stronger  than death, for love is positive, affirmative. But hatred ? Hatred  is negative ; hatred is a manifestation of the transitory Nay, not  of the everlasting Yea. Is it possible to hate the dead ? The Yellow Book--Vol. VII.  s Le Mesurier 314  The Web of Maya  Le Mesurier no longer hated the man he had killed. A faint,  hesitant sort of consideration, even of fellow-feeling for him, began  gradually to edge its way in among his thoughts. He would  sometimes try to put himself in Shergold's place ; he would try  to reconstruct the past from Shergold's point of view. He found he could no longer persuade himself that Shergold  had been conscious of the evil he had wrought. On the contrary,  he recognised that the man had been honest according to his lights ;  that he had committed no crime against the accepted code. He  might have acquired his influence over Lily, through no wish, no  effort of his own. He had been one of those showy characters  whom women always worship ; he had possessed that superficial  glittering cleverness that always catches a woman's fancy, he had  talked with the fluent self-assurance which always wins a woman's  approval. Probably he had never realised how obnoxious his  presence at Rozaine was to Le Mesurier. He was sufficiently  proud to have withdrawn from a society where he was not wanted,  but his self-conceit was too magnificent for him ever to imagine  such a contingency possible. And then, no doubt, his sense of  conscious rectitude had rendered him particularly obtuse. Had he been playing the role of lover, a guilty conscience would have  made him more sensitive to Le Mesurier's uncordial attitude.  Looking back upon it all now, Le Mesurier could almost pity  him for such blindness. One day, lying in a hollow of the cliff, hidden from every  eye but that of cormorant or sea-gull, playing abstractedly with a  pebble which found itself under his fingers, he saw a yard away  from him a sharp-nosed, grey-coated mole running from one point  to another across the grass. He shot the pebble from his hand, and By Ella D'Arcy  315   and the little beast rolled over dead. He took it up, and looked  at it curiously. He smoothed with his fingers its warm, velvety  coat. He was sorry he had killed it. A second ago it had been  enjoying the sunshine, the warm air, its own sense of well-being.  And now it was utterly destroyed, utterly annihilated, and no one  could restore to it the life which he had wantonly taken. The thought of Shergold, always present at the back of his  mind, pressed forward imperatively. Shergold had not believed in  soul or immortality. He had believed that with death the life of  a man comes to an end, just as does the life of a mouse. Le  Mesurier had often listened, perforce, to his dogmatising on such  views to Lily ; to his proclaiming that each individual life is but a  flash of light between two eternities of darkness ; that just as  the body returns to the elements from which it came, so the spirit is  reabsorbed into the forces and energies which move the world.  And because Shergold had no belief in another life, he had set an  immense value upon this one. In his self-engrossed, pedantic way,  he had thoroughly enjoyed every hour, every moment of it. Sup- posing his views were true, then the greatest injury one could inflict on such a man would be to deprive him of this life which  he prized, suddenly to extinguish him like a candle, to annihilate  him like this poor little mole. He laid the body of the mole down upon the turf, and walked  away. He no longer sang or whistled to himself. The monot- onous days seemed intolerably long. III Three months had gone by. Le Mesurier, in the solitude of  Le Tas, had suffered every pang a guilty conscience can inflict,  had been through every phase of remorse and of despair. The 316  The Web of Maya  The burden on his mind was growing intolerably heavy. Every  moment it cried out to him that he must share it with another,  or be crushed beneath its weight. He would have gone down to  see the Pastor, but that to do so he must cross the Coupée. He  had not the courage actually to pass the spot from which his  thoughts were never long absent. And while his mind tossed  distressfully this way and that, Monsieur Chauchat chanced to  come up to see him. The sight of a real human face, the sound of a real human  voice, unlocked his heart, set his tongue going. In spite of the  old man's many attempted interruptions, he poured out the whole  story ; all the injuries, real or fancied, he had received at Shergold's  hands, his own hatred for him, the man's fate, his own impotent  repentance. "And now," he said, simply, when he had concluded,  " I wish to give myself up. Tell me what I am to do." Chauchat looked at him with infinite pity, and showed neither  horror nor surprise. Le Mesurier was even conscious of a certain  movement of indignation within his own bosom, that any one  should hear of the murder of a fellow-creature so composedly. " You must give up this kind of life," said the Pastor gently.  "It is terribly bad for you. You must have society, you must  travel." Le Mesurier was amazed at such irrelevance. He looked at  Chauchat curiously. He thought him aged, whiter, feebler than  ever before. He wondered whether he still had all his faculties.  And he answered impatiently, " But what has that to do with  what I have been telling you ? " " You must take care," said the old man ; " solitude brings delu- sions, hallucinations ; to indulge in them is to shake the mind's  stability. You must come back into the world. You must mix  with other men." He By Ella D'Arcy  317   He divined that Chauchat believed him to be dreaming.  This was natural perhaps ; how could the good, simple-minded  old clergyman believe in the reality of such a crime? But he  must convince him of the miserable truth. He must begin again  and describe it all more circumstantially. He must go on until  he saw conviction dawn in the eyes that now looked at him with  such friendly pity, until he saw that pity change to aversion  and fear. He began over again. But Chauchat laid a hand upon his arm. " One moment ! You say you killed this man ? " "Yes, I killed him." " You threw him over the Coupée ? " " I followed him from the house, and threw him over the  Coupée." " No, my poor boy ; no, no, no ! Thank God, you did not.  Thank God, you are dreaming. You have had some strange,  some horrible delusion. But Shergold is alive, is well, I have but  just now come from him. He, indeed, is the reason of my visit.  I come as a messenger from him, a mediator between him and  you." Le Mesurier sat there stunned, dazed, vacant. Was  Chauchat mad ? The old man's voice buzzed in his ears ; he  was still talking, explaining how Shergold had come over by the  morning's boat ; how he had called at the parsonage, and told the  story of his last visit to Le Mesurier, of the deed of assignment,  and of Le Mesurier's refusal to sign it ; of the pressing need  there was that it should be signed ; how he had begged Chauchat  to use his influence with Le Mesurier, and so Chauchat was here,  while Shergold was staying till to-morrow at the Belle Vue Hotel, and was quite prepared to meet Le Mesurier on amicable  terms, if he would go down there and see him. Was 318  The Web of Maya  Was Chauchat mad ? Yes, clearly. How otherwise could he  imagine that he had come from Shergold, that he had spoken with  a dead man ? Shergold's death--that was the one certain fact in all  this bewildering world. He had sat there, at the table, just where  Chauchat was seated now. They had quarrelled. Le Mesurier  had followed him from that very door, out into the mist. . . . But all at once a point of doubt pierced his soul.  Had  he  followed Shergold ? Had he in truth followed Shergold out into  the mist ? Was Chauchat mad ? Or--or--was he mad himself? Something inside his head throbbed so violently, he could not even  think. He sat stunned and dazed by the table holding his head in his  hands, while the old man talked on. But while he sat there in  dumb, inert confusion, his sub-conscious brain was at work,  rearranging the past, disentangling the threads of illusion from  those of reality, arranging these on this side, those on that, clearly,  unmistakably. And when all was ready, suddenly the web of  deception fell from before his eyes, and he saw clearly. Up to  the moment of Shergold's leaving the cottage all had passed as he  remembered it : the rest had been a mere phantasmal creation of  his own brain. His hands were clean of blood, he had committed no crime, he  might go where he chose, he was guiltless, he was free. . . . .  And--and during all the past months, when he had been tortured  with self-condemnations, Shergold had been living his usual  happy, respectable and respected life, seeing Lily every day, seeing  the child . . . . Oh ! . . . . Le Mesurier's feelings underwent a  complete revulsion ; his remorse shrivelled up, his pity vanished,  his old hatred returned reinforced a thousandfold--and he was  filled with regret, a gnawing, an intolerable regret that his hand  had failed to accomplish the sin which his heart had desired. A Fragment By   Theo Marzials AND then it seem'd I was a bird That dipt along the silent street. In that strange midnight nothing stir'd, And all was moonlight, still and sweet. By lofty vane and roof and loft, Aloof, aloft, where shadows hung, Down ghostly ways that wafted soft, Warm echoes where I sank and sung; And lower yet by flower-set sill, And close against her window-bars, And still the moonlight flowed, and still, The still dew lit the jessamine stars ; And oh ! I beat against the pane, And oh ! I sang so sweet, so clear,-- I heard her wake, and pause again, Then nearer, nearer--killing near; And back she flung the window-rod, The moonlight swept in, like a stream ; She drew me to her neck--Oh ! God, 'Twas then I knew it was a dream ! The Yellow Book Advertisements  1 Mr. Wm. HEINEMANN’S ANNOUNCEMENTS. ANTONIO ALLEGI DA CORREGGIO. His Life, his Friends, and his  Time. By Dr. CORRADO RICCI. With 16 full-page Plates in Photogravure, and over  Two Hundred Text Illustrations, specially engraved. In One Volume, 42s. net.  Also a Special Edition printed on Japanese Vellum, limited to One Hundred  copies, with duplicate plates on India paper. Price on application. THE WORKS AND LETTERS OF LORD BYRON. A New Edition,  in Ten Volumes. Edited by W. E. Henley. [ Vol. 1. In November MACAIRE. A Melodramatic Farce in Three Acts. By W. E. HENLEY  and ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON. Small 4to, 3s. net. ANIMA POETAE. A selection from the unpublished Note Books of  SAMUEL TAYLLOR COLERIDGE. Edited by E. H. COLERIDGE. Crown 8vo. THE POETRY OF PATHOS AND DELIGHT. From the Works of  COVENTRY PATMORE. Passages selected by ALICE MEYNELL. With Portrait in  Photogravure after the pictures by J. S. SARGENT. Foolscap 8vo, 5s. ESSAYS. BY ARTHUR CHRISTOPHER BENSON, M.A., of Eton College.  Crown 8vo, 7s. 6d. NEW FICTION. CORRUPTION. BY PERCY WHITE,  Author of “Mr. Bailey Martin.” Crown 8vo, 6s.  STORIES FOR NINON. BY EMILE   ZOLA. Crown 8vo, 6s. MISS GRACE OF ALL SOULS’. BY   WILLIAM EDWARDS TIREBUCK. Crown 8vo, 6s.   OUT OF DUE SEASON. BY ADELINE  SERGEANT, Author of “The Story of a   Penitent Soul.” Crown 8vo, 6s. HERBERT VANLENNERT. By C. F.  KEARY. Crown 8vo, 6s.  THE YEARS THAT THE LOCUST  HATH EATEN. By ANNIE E. HOLDS-  WORTH, Author of “Joanna Traill, Spins-  ter.” Crown 8vo, 6s.  SENTIMENTAL STUDIES. By HUBERT  CRACKANTHORPE. Crown 8vo, 6s.  TERMINATIONS. By HENRY JAMES.  Crown 8vo, 6s. A New Volume of the Pioneer Series. THE DEMAGOGUE AND LADY PHAYRE. By W.J. LOCKE, Author of “ At the  Gate of Samaria.” Crown 8vo, cloth, 3s. net ; paper, 2s. 6d. net. A New Volume in the International Library. WOMAN’S FOLLY. Translated from the Italian of GEMMA FERRUGGIA. With an Introduction by EDMUND GOSSE. Crown 8vo, cloth, 3s. 6d. ;paper, 2s. 6d. New Volumes of Mrs. Garnett’s Translation of Turgenev’s Novels. A SPORTSMAN’S SKETCHES. By IVAN TURGENEV. Translated from the Russian  by CONSTANCE GARNETT. In Two Volumes, foolscap 8vo, 3s. net each. A New Volume in the Uniform Edition of Bjornstjerne Bjornson’s Novels. A HAPPY BOY. By BJORNSTJERNE BJORNSON. Fcap. 8vo, cloth, 3s. net. LONDON : WM HEINEMANN 21 BEDFORD STREET, W.C. 2   The Yellow Book Advertisements Sampson Low, Marston &amp; Co.’s Autumn Announcements. Mr. GLADSTONE’S TRIP TO THE BALTIC. THE LOG OF THE “TANTALLON CASTLE.” To the Baltic and  Back with Mr. Gladstone. BY HENRY W. LUCY. Illustrated by W. L. WYLLIE, A.R.A., LINLEY SAMBOURNE, E. REED, and others. Crown 8vo, cloth extra. DOCTOR JOHNSON AND THE FAIR SEX. A Study of Contrasts.  By W.H. CRAIG, M.A., of Lincoln’s Inn. With Portraits of Dr. Samuel Johnson (after Reynolds), Mrs. Abington, Miss Burney, Mrs. Carter, Mrs. Chapone, Mrs. Clive, Mrs.  Delany, Mrs. Garrick, Mrs. Knowles, Mrs. Lennox, Mrs. Macaulay, Mrs. Montagu, Miss  Hannah More, Mrs. Thrale (Mrs. Piozzi), and Mrs. Siddons. Small post 8vo, cloth,  gilt top. DE QUINCEY AND HIS FRIENDS : Personal Recollections, Souvenirs,  and Anecdotes of Thomas De Quincey, his Friends and Associates. Written and Col- lected by JAMES HOGG, Editor of De Quincey’s “Uncollected Writings.: With Photo- gravure Portrait and Facsimiles of some of De Quincey’s Letters. Crown 8vo, half-roan,  gilt top, 10s. 6d. REVISED EDITION ( Thousand) immediately. LORD JOHN RUSSELL. By STUART J. REID. Being the Latest  Volume of the “Queen’s Prime Ministers Series.” With Photogravure Portrait, reproduced  from a Crayon Drawing by Mr. G. F. WATTS, R.A. Crown 8vo, 3s. 6d. QUEEN ANNE AND THE GEORGES. By DONALD G. MITCHELL  (“Ik Marvel”). Being the  Voume of “English Lands, Letters, and Kings.”  Crown 8vo, cloth, 7s. 6d. VIGNETTES FROM FINLAND ; or, Twelve Months in Strawberry Land.  By A.M. CLIVE BAYLEY. With Map and numerous Illustrations. Crown 8vo. AWHEEL TO MOSCOW AND BACK : the Record of a Record Cycle  Ride. By ROBERT L. JEFFERSON, Author of “Constantinople on a Bicycle.” With  Preface by Lieutenant-Colonel A.R. SAVILE. Fully Illustrated. Post 8vo, boards, 2s. ;  cloth, 2s. 6d. NEW SIX-SHILLING NOVELS, AT ALL LIBRARIES. ANNE OF ARGYLE ; or Cavalier and Covenant. By GEORGE EYRE  TODD. 1 vol., crown 8vo, cloth, 6s. A REMARKABLE STUDY OF CONTEMPORARY RELIGION BY A  DISTINGUISHED PUBLIC MAN. WALDEN STANYER ; Boy and Man. A Religious Novel. 1 vol.,  crown 8vo, cloth, 6s. IN THE FIRE OF THE FORGE : A Romance of Old Nuremberg.  By Professor GEORGE EBERS. Translated by MARY J. SAFFORD. 2 vols., crown 8vo, 6s. THE SHEIK’S WHITE SLAVE. Being an Account of the Unravelling  of the Mysteries of the Temple of Djaramos, the City of the Desert. By RAYMOND RAIFE. Crown 8vo, cloth, 6s. THE WAY OF TRANSGRESSORS. By E. RENTOUL ESLER. New  and Cheaper Edition. 1 vol., crown 8vo, 6s. LONDON : SAMPSON LOW, MARSTON &amp; COMPANY, LTD.,  ST. DUNSTAN’S HOUSE, FETTER LANE, E.C. The Yellow Book Advertisements  3 CHAPMAN &amp; HALL’S ANNOUNCEMENTS. A New Series. Messrs. CHAPMAN &amp; HALL beg to announce they will commence  early in October the publication of A SERIES OF SHORT NOVELS  Of Adventure, Action, and Encident, UNDER THE GENERAL TITLE OF  CHAPMAN’S STORY SERIES. The size of the Volumes will be small crown 8vo, of about 216 pages in length, with  A FRONTISPIECE BY A WELL-KNOWN ARTIST TO EACH,  and will be issued in two styles of binding, viz:  In dark blue cloth, gilt top, 3s. 6d. I In dark blue paper wrapper, 2s. 6d.  A special design has been prepared for the cover, by J. WALTER WEST, and will be used  on each style of binding. The edges will be uncut. THE  VOLUME, to be ready on Oct. 12th, will be   THE LONG ARM, by MARY E. WILKINS, and other Detective Stories, by  BRANDER MATTHEWS, ROY TELLET, and GEORGE IRA BRETT. With a Frontispiece  by ADOLPH BIRKENRUTH.  To be followed, on Oct. 21st, by   IN A HOLLOW OF THE HILLS. By BRET HARTE. With a Frontispiece by  ST. MAR FITZGERALD. Other Volumes by CHARLES JAMES, Author of “On Turnham Green,” OSWALD  CRAWFURD, and other well-known Writers will be issued at short intervals.   PROSPECTUSES ON APPLICATION. CHAPMAN’S MAGAZINE OF FICTION.  Edited by OSWALD CRAWFURD.  PRICE SIXPENCE, MONTHLY. Volume now ready, gilt top, price 4s. BOUND IN A HIGHLY DECORATIVE CLOTH CASE IN COLOURS AND GOLD.  Cases for Binding sold separately, 1s. 6d. each. A Volume is Completed every Four Months. ON OCTOBER 15th.  MISS VIOLET HUNT’S NEW NOVEL,  A HARD WOMAN. By VIOLET HUNT, Author of “A Maiden’s Progress.’  Crown 8vo, 6s. CHAPMAN &amp; HALL, LIMITED, LONDON. 4   The Yellow Book Advertisements Ready with the November Magazines. Price 2s. 6d. Cloth gilt, gilt edges, 5s.  THE ART ANNUAL FOR 1895  OR CHRISTMAS NUMBER of THE ART JOURNAL.   THE LIFE AND WORK  OF  LUKE FILDES, R.A.  By DAVID CROAL THOMSON,  Editor of “THE ART JOURNAL.” WITH THREE FULL-PAGE STEEL OR COPPER PLATES, Full-page Etching of “THE DOCTOR.”  Full-page Photogravure of “AN AL FRESCO TOILETTE.”  Full-page Line Engraving of “THE SWEET RIVER.” Together with full-page Illustrations of “Applicants for Admission to a Casual Ward,” “A Village Wedding,”  “An Italian Flower Girl,””The Return of the Penitent;” smaller blocks of “Fair, Quiet, and Sweet Rest,” “Phyllis,” “Jessica,” “The Balcony,”  AND MANY OTHERS. Price 2s. 6d., or Cloth gilt, gilt edges, 5s. each.  UNIFORM WITH THE LIFE AND WORK OF LUKE FILDES, R.A.  THE LIFE AND WORK OF  Sir Fred. Leighton, P.R.A., Sir J. E. Millais, R.A., L. Alma Tadema, R.A.,  J. C. Hook, R.A., J. L. E. Meissonier, Rosa Bonheur, Birket Foster,  Briton Riviere, R.A., Hubert Herkomer, R.A., W. Homan Hunt,  Sir Edward Burne-Jones. The  seven may be had handsomely bound together, cloth gilt, gilt edges, 21s. ALSO THE LIFE AND WORK OF  Sir J. Noel Paton, R.S.A., HER MAJESTY’S LIMNER FOR SCOTLAND. Being the  Special Number of THE ART JOURNAL for Easter, 1895. Price 1s. 6d., or cloth gilt,  gilt edges, 4s. LONDON : J. S. VIRTUE &amp; CO., LTD., 26 Ivy Lane, Paternoster Row, E.C. The Yellow Book Advertisements  5 THE GOLDEN AGE. BY KENNETH GRAHAME. Crown 8vo, 3s. 6d. net. “It would be difficult to say too much in praise of a book so fascinating as ‘The Golden Age’  Within the pages of this volume we have found a veritable mine of gold : and, since the treasure is  one whose resources are inexhaustible, we gladly proclaim its existence. The book brims over with  delightful humour. To be unreservedly recommended to every one who loves children and appreciates  literature.”-- Speaker. “A bit of literature as sweet and distinguished as aught of the sort ever written. It is a book that  may be read many times with increasing pleasure at each perusal.”-- Black and White. “Delicious little sketches of a group of children. There could be no better entertainment for an idle  afternoon.”-- Saturday Review. “Sketches of child-life, with all its fancies and illusions. One of the freshest, most original, and most  charming pieces of literature which has issued from the press for some time.”-- Dundee Advertiser. “A record of the jolliest little set of boys and girls that can well be imagined. If any one desires an  hour of pure enjoyment, we advise him to purchase ‘The Golden Age.’”-- Liverpool Mercury. “There is a healthy, humorous, golden tone about the book that absolutely bears out the title.  Nothing cleverer, nothing more original, nothing more delightful has for many months come in the way  of the reviewer.”-- Glasgow Herald. “A perfectly delightful book.”-- Yorkshire Herald. “More delightful sketches of child-life have never come into our hands than those contained in this  volume. He transports the reader to the golden age of childhood, and with a subtle, indescribable skill,  pictures child character with infinite truth and matchless charm.”-- Independent. “No more fascinating book than this has been written for a long time.”-- Christian World. “A collection of delightful sketches of child-life, revealing keenness of observation and sympathy with  childhood expressed in a style of unfailing grace and charm."-- Liverpool Daily Post. "No more charming picture of child-life has ever been produced. Through many delightful escapades  Mr. Grahame conducts his fascinating little band of marauders, telling their tale with rare simplicity, in  an unaffected, polished style.”-- Sun. “A charming study of child-life. Half-fanciful, half-real, this little collection of stories shows a deep  knowledge of children, their foibles, and their saving graces.”-- Gentlewoman. “There are not too many of those ‘eternal children’ in fiction whom it is a rare delight to know ; and  for Mr. Grahame to have added to the list is a fine achievement.”-- Realm. “Those parents who love their children will buy ‘The Golden Age’ and learn to understand them  also.”-- Woman. LONDON : JOHN LANE, THE BODLEY HEAD. 6   The Yellow Book Advertisements MALAY SKETCHES. BY FRANK ATHELSTANE SWETTENHAM. With Title-page and Cover designed by Patten Wilson. Crown 8vo, 5s. net. “Mr. Swettenham’s style is simple and direct and vigorous. Particularly good is his eye for colour,  and he has a fine sense of the brilliant melancholy of the East. To few falls the good fortune of introducing  us to a new people, and seldom have we the advantage of so admirable a guide.”-- Pall Mall Gazette. “Nothing approaching Mr. Swettenham’s intimate knowledge and illuminative analysis has yet seen  the light about that fascinating country which he well describes.”-- Daily Chronicle. “In his vivid pages we see, practically for the  time, the real Malay, and in these series of brilliant  pen-pictures, more thrilling than the fictionist could produce, one can get the key to the character of these interesting people.”-- Whitehall Review. “If Mr. Swettenham has not written the ideal book about Malaya he has come very near it. The  whole book has a charm and reality that makes it as readable as any novel.”-- Glasgow Herald. “Graphic word-pictures of the Malaya and the Malays. Instructive and fascinating work.”        Daily Telegraph. “Mr. Swettenham is gifted with considerable power of graphic description and that keen relish for  telling a story without which the most thrilling narrative loses half its interest.”-- St. James’s Gazette. “Its unconventional character is one of the most attractive points about this very attractive volume.  Mr. Swettenham succeeds in making the life and character of the Malays real to us in a way that so far  as we are aware no other writer has done.”-- Publishers’ Circular. “Mr. Swettenham is always lucid, always entertaining. His book is a vivid presentment of a vivid  life.”-- Gentlewoman . "The book is very interesting throughout, and sheds a ray of light on one of the dark places of the earth."-- Liverpool Courier. “It would be difficult to over-praise these sketches of men and manners in Malay. Wonderfully  interesting and instructive.”-- Liverpool Mercury. “A pleasant simplicity of style, a total lack of affectation, and a comparatively unkown land and  people for subject-matter, make ‘Malay Sketches’ entirely delightful. They are always vivid, always convincing.”-- St. James’s Budget. “This is one of those books which exercise such a fascination upon the mind of the stay-at-home  traveler. Stay-at-home though he may be, he has no difficulty in distinguishing the work of a genuine  authority from the hasty and inexact impressions of the idle globe-trotter. ‘Malay Sketches’ will be  speedily recognized by him as belonging to the more reliable kind of his favourite literature.”-- Spectator. LONDON : JOHN LANE, THE BODLEY HEAD. The Yellow Book Advertisements  7 MONOCHROMES. BY ELLA D’ARCY. Crown 8vo ( Keynotes Series ), 3s. 6d. net. “If Miss D’Arcy can maintain this level, her future is secure. She has produced one story which  comes near to being a masterpiece.”-- Daily Chronicle. “We doubt if any other living woman-writer could have written quite so well.”-- Saturday Review. “It is rare indeed to meet, in English, with a number of short stories of such distinction from an  English pen.”-- Graphic. “She expresses herself with remarkable force and point, whilst her polished refinement of style gives  literary value to these clever sketches. ‘Monochromes’ is distinctly clever, and so well-written as to give  us strong hopes of its author’s future.”-- Speaker. “Thoroughly interesting, and in many respects strikingly original.”-- Whitehall Review. “Style, characterization, dramatic intensity, artistic sanity, pathos and imagination-all these Miss  D’Arcy has.”-- Echo. "Written with much skill, observation, and style. Very interesting and well told." Westminster Gazette. “All the stories show keen observation and literary power.”-- Independent. “They are word-pictures of no little power, displaying an admirable technique in their design, treat- ment of light and shade, and artistic finish.”-- Daily Telegraph. “Written with a powerful and masterly hand.”--Academy. GREY ROSES BY HENRY HARLAND. Crown 8vo ( Keynotes Series ), 3s. 6d. net. “Exceedingly pleasant to read. You close the book with a feeling that you have met a host of  charming people. ‘Castles near Spain’ comes near to being a perfect thing of its kind.” Pall Mall Gazette. “They are charming stories, simple, full of freshness, with a good deal of delicate wit, both in the  imagining and in the telling. The last story of the book, in spite of improbabilities quite tremendous, is  a delightful story.”-- Daily Chronicle. "'Castles near Spain' as a fantastic love episode is simply inimitable, and 'Mercedes' is instinct with   a pretty humour and child-like tenderness that render it peculiarly-nay, uniquely- fascinating. 'Grey   Roses' are entitled to rank among the choiciest flowers of the realms of romance."-- Daily Telegraph. "Never before has the strange, we might almost say the weird, fascination of the Bohemianism of the   Latin Quarter been so well depicted."-- Whitehall Review. “‘Castles near Spain’ is an altogether charming and admirable bit of romance.”-- Glasgow Herald. “We envy Mr. Harland his beautiful story, ‘A Bohemian Girl.’”-- Literary World. “Mr. Harland is capital company. He is always entertaining.”-- New Budget. “They are gay and pathetic, and touched with the fantasy that gives to romance its finest flavour.  Each has a quaintness and a grace of its own.”-- Daily News. “‘Castles near Spain’ is a lovely idyll, in which young passion and a quaint humour are blended into  a rare harmony.”-- Star. “Really delightful. ‘Castles near Spain’ is as near perfection as it well could be.”-- Spectator. LONDON : JOHN LANE, THE BODLEY HEAD. JOHN LANE THE  BODLEY  HEAD  VIGO ST  W. Telegrams   "BODLEIAN  LONDON" CATALOGUE  of  PUBLICATIQNS in  BELLES LETTRES  all at net prices The Yellow Book--Vol. VII. T 1895. List of Books  IN BELLES LETTRES (Including some Transfers)   Published by John Lane  The Bodley Head  Vigo Street, London, W. N.B.--The Authors and Publisher reserve the right of reprinting  any book in this list if a new edition is called for, except in cases  where a tipulation has been made to the contrary, and of printing a  separate edition of any of the books for America irrespective of the  numbers to which the English editions are limited. The numbers mentioned do not include copies sent to the public libraries, nor those  sent for review. Most of the books are published simultaneously in England and  America, and in many instances the names of the American publishers are appended. ADAMS (FRANCIS).   ESSAYS IN MODERNITY. Cr. 8vo. 5 s. net. {Shortly.  Chicago: Stone &amp; Kimball.   A CHILD OF THE AGE. ( See KEYNOTES SERIES.) ALLEN (GRANT).   THE LOWER SLOPES : A Volume of Verse. With title-page  and cover design by J. ILLINGWORTH KAY. 600 copies,  cr. 8vo. 5 s. net.  Chicago: Stone &amp; Kimball.   THE WOMAN WHO DID. ( See KEYNOTES SERIES.)  THE BRITISH BARBARIANS. ( See  KEYNOTES SERIES.) THE PUBLICATIONS OF JOHN LANE  3 BAILEY (JOHN C.).   AN ANTHOLOGY OF ENGLISH ELEGIES. [ In preparation. BEARDSLEY (AUBREY).   THE STORY OF VENUS AND TANNHAUSER, in which is set  forth an exact account of the Manner of State held by  Madam Venus, Goddess and Meretrix, under the famous Horselberg, and containing the adventures of Tannhauser  in that place, his repentance, his journeying to Rome, and  return to the loving mountain. By AUBREY BEARDSLEY.  With 20 full-page illustrations, numerous ornaments, and  a cover from the same hand. Sq. i6mo. 10 s. 6d. net. [In preparation. BEDDOES (T. L.).  See  GOSSE (EDMUND). BEECHING (Rev. H. C.).   IN A GARDEN : Poems. With title-page and cover design by  ROGER FRY. Cr. 8vo. 5 s. net.  New York : Macmillan &amp; Co. BENSON (ARTHUR CHRISTOPHER).   LYRICS. Fcap. 8vo, buckram. 5 s. net.  New York: Macmillan &amp; Co. BRIDGES (ROBERT).   SUPPRESSED CHAPTERS, AND OTHER BOOKISHNESS. Cr. 8vo 3s. 6d. net.  New York : Charles Scribner's Sons. BROTHERTON (MARY).   ROSEMARY FOR REMEMBRANCE. With title-page and cover  design by WALTER WEST. Fcap. 8vo. 3 s. 6d. net. BUCHAN (JOHN).   MUSA PISCATRIX.    [ In preparation. CAMPBELL (GERALD).   THE JONESES AND THE ASTERISKS. ( See  MAYFAIR SET.) CASE (ROBERT).   AN ANTHOLOGY OF ENGLISH EPITHALAMIES.       [ In preparation. CASTLE (Mrs. EGERTON).   MY LITTLE LADY ANNE. ( See  PIERROT'S LIBRARY.) 4   THE PUBLICATIONS OF JOHN LANE CASTLE (EGERTON). See  STEVENSON (ROBERT Louis). CRAIG (R. MANIFOLD}.   THE SACRIFICE OF FOOLS : A Novel. Cr. 8vo. 4 s. 6d. net. [In preparation. CRANE (WALTER).   TOY BOOKS. Re-issue. Each with new cover-design and end  papers, 9 d. net.  The three bound in one volume with a decorative cloth cover  end papers, and a newly-written and designed preface.  35. 6 d. net.  i. This Little Pig. ii. The Fairy Ship.  ili. King Luckieboy's Party.  Chicago: Stone &amp; Kimball. CROSSE (VICTORIA).   THE WOMAN WHO DIDN'T. ( See  KEYNOTES SERIES.) DALMON (C. W.).   SONG FAVOURS. With a title-page designed by J. P. DONNE.  Sq. 16mo. 3 s. 6d. net.  Chicago: Way &amp; Williams. D'ARCY (ELLA).   MONOCHROMES. ( See  KEYNOTES SERIES.) DAVIDSON (JOHN).   PLAYS : An Unhistorical Pastoral ; A Romantic Farce ;  Bruce, a Chronicle Play ; Smith, a Tragic Farce ; Scara- mouch in Naxos, a Pantomime. With a frontispiece and cover design by AUBREY BEARDSLEY. Printed at the  Ballantyne Press. 500 copies, sm. 4to.  7s. 6d. net.  Chicago: Stone &amp; Kimball.   FLEET STREET ECLOGUES. Fcap. 8vo, buckram. 5 s. net. [Out cf print at present.  A RANDOM ITINERARY AND A BALLAD. With a frontispiece  and title-page by LAURENCE HOUSMAN. 600 copies.  Fcap. 8vo, Irish Linen. 5 s. net. Boston : Copeland &amp; Day.   BALLADS AND SONGS. With title-page designed by WALTER  WEST.  Edition. Fcap. 8vo, buckram. 5 s. net  Boston : Copeland &amp; Day. DAWE (W. CARLTON).   YELLOW AND WHITE. ( See  KEYNOTES SERIES.) THE PUBLICATIONS OF JOHN LANE  5 DE TABLEY (LORD).   POEMS, DRAMATIC AND LYRICAL. By JOHN LEICESTER  WARREN (Lord De Tabley). Illustrations and cover design  by C. S. RICKETTS. 2nd edition, cr. 8vo. 7 s. 6d. net.  New York : Macmillan &amp; Co.   POEMS, DRAMATIC AND LYRICAL. 2nd series, uniform in binding with the former volume. Cr. 8vo. 5 s. net. New York : Macmillan &amp; Co. DIX (GERTRUDE).   THE GIRL FROM THE FARM. ( See  KEYNOTES SERIES.) DOSTOIEVSKY (F.).   ( See  KEYNOTES SERIES, Vol. III.) ECHEGARAY (JOSE}.  See  LYNCH (HANNAH). EGERTON (GEORGE).   KEYNOTES. ( See  KEYNOTES SERIES.)  DISCORDS. ( See  KEYNOTES SERIES.)  YOUNG OFEG'S DITTIES. A translation from the Swedish of  OLA HANSSON, with title-page and cover-design by  AUBREY BEARDSLEY. Cr. 8vo. y. 6d. net.  Boston: Roberts Bros. FARR (FLORENCE).   THE DANCING FAUN. ( See  KEYNOTES SERIES. ) FLEMING (GEORGE).   FOR PLAIN WOMEN ONLY. ( See  MAYFAIR SET.) FLETCHER (J. S.).   THE WONDERFUL WAPENTAKE. By "A SON OF THE SOIL."  With 18 full-page illustrations by J. A. SYMINGTON.  Cr. 8vo. 5 s.  6 d. net. Chicago: A. C. McClurg &amp; Co. FREDERIC (HAROLD) .  MRS. ALBERT GRUNDY. ( See  MAYFAIR SET.) GALE (NORMAN).   ORCHARD SONGS. With title-page and cover design by J.  ILLINGWORTH KAY. Fcap. 8vo. Irish Linen. 5 s. net.   Also a special edition limited in number on hand-made  paper bound in English vellum, £1 1 s. net.  New York: G. P. Putnam's Sons. 6   THE PUBLICATIONS OF JOHN LANE GARNETT (RICHARD).   POEMS. With title-page by J. ILLINGWORTH KAY. 350  copies, cr. 8vo. 5 s. net.  Boston : Copeland &amp; Day.   DANTE, PETRARCH, CAMOENS. CXXIV Sonnets rendered  in English. Cr. 8vo. 5 s. net.   [In preparation. GEARY (NEVILL}.   A LAWYER'S WIFE : A Novel. Cr. 8vo. 4 s . 6 d. net. [In preparation. GOSSE (EDMUND).   THE LETTERS OF THOMAS LOVELL BEDDOES. Now   edited. Pott 8vo. 5 s. net.   Also 25 copies large paper, 12 s. 6d. net.  New York : Macmillan &amp; Co. GRAHAME (KENNETH).   PAGAN PAPERS : A VOLUME OF ESSAYS. With title-page  by AUBREY BEARDSLEY. Fcap. 8vo. 5 s. net.  Chicago : Stone &amp; Kimball. THE GOLDEN AGE. Cr. 8vo. 3 s.  6 d. net.  Chicago : Stone &amp; Kimball. GREENE (G. A.).  ITALIAN LYRISTS OF TO-DAY. Translations in the original  metres from about 35 living Italian poets with bibliographi- cal and biographical notes. Cr. 8vo. 5 s. net.  New York : Macmillan &amp; Co. GREENWOOD (FREDERICK).   IMAGINATION IN DREAMS. Crown 8vo. 5 s. net.  New York : Macmillan &amp; Co. HAKE (T. GORDON).   A SELECTION FROM HIS POEMS. Edited by Mrs. MEYNELL.  With a portrait after D. G. ROSSETTI, and a cover design  by GLEESON WHITE. Cr. 8vo. 5 s. net.  Chicago : Stone &amp; Kimball. HANSSON (LAURA MARHOLM) .  MODERN WOMEN : Six Psychological Sketches. [SOPHIA  KOVALEVSKY, GEORGE EGERTON, ELEONORA DUSE,  AMALIE SKRAM, MARIE BASHKIRTSEFF, A. EDGREN  LEFFLER.] Translated from the German by HERMIONE  RAMSDEN. Cr. 8vo. 3 s.  6 d. net.  [In preparation. THE PUBLICATIONS OF JOHN LANE  7 HANSSON (OLA). See  EGERTON, HARLAND (HENRY).   GREY ROSES. ( See  KEYNOTES SERIES.) HAYES (ALFRED).   THE VALE OF ARDEN, AND OTHER POEMS. With a title-  page and cover design by E. H. NEW. Fcap. 8vo. 3 s.  6 d. net.   Also 25 copies large paper. 15 s. net. HEINEMANN (WILLIAM).  THE  STEP : A Dramatic Moment. Sm. 410, y. 6d. net. HOPPER (NORA).   BALLADS IN PROSE. With a title-page and cover by  WALTER WEST. Sq. 16mo. 5 s. net.   Boston : Roberts Bros.  A VOLUME OF POEMS. With title-page designed by PATTEN  WILSON. Sq. 16mo. 5 s. net.   [In preparation. HOUSMAN (CLEMENCE).  THE WERE WOLF. With 6 full-page illustrations, title-page,  and cover-design by LAURENCE HOUSMAN. Sq. 16mo. 4 s. net. [In preparation. HOUSMAN (LAURENCE).   GREEN ARRAS : Poems. With illustrations by the Author.  Cr. 8vo. 5 s. net. [In preparation. IRVING (LAURENCE).   GODEFROI AND YOLANDE : A Play. With 3 illustrations by  AUBREY BEARDSLEY. Sm. 4to. 5 s. net. [In preparation. JAMES (W. P.).   ROMANTIC PROFESSIONS : A volume of Essays. With title-  page designed by J. ILLINGWORTH KAY. Cr. 8vo. 5 s. net.  New York: Macmillan &amp; Co. JOHNSON (LIONEL).   THE ART OF THOMAS HARDY. Six Essays, with etched  portrait by WM. STRANG, and Bibliography by JOHN  LANE. Second edition, cr. 8vo. Buckram. 5 s.  6 d. net.   Also 150 copies, large paper, with proofs of the portrait.  1 s.  1 s. net.  New York : Dodd, Mead &amp; Co. 8   THE PUBLICATIONS OF JOHN LANE JOHNSON (PAULINE).   THE WHITE WAMPUM : Poems. With title-page and cover  designs by E. H. NEW. Cr. 8vo. 5 s. net.  Boston: Lamson, Wolffe &amp; Co. JOHNSTONE (C. E.).   BALLADS OF BOY AND BEAK, with title-page designed by  F. H. TOWNSEND. Sq. 32mo. 2 s.  6 d. net. [In preparation. KEYNOTES SERIES.   Each volume with specially designed title-page by AUBREY  BEARDSLEY. Cr. 8vo, cloth, 3 s.  6 d. net.   Vol. I. KEYNOTES. By GEORGE EGERTON. [ Seventh edition now ready. Vol. II. THE DANCING FAUN. By FLORENCE FARR.  Vol. III. POOR FOLK. Translated from the Russian of F.  DOSTOIEVSKY by LENA MILMAN, with a preface  by GEORGE MOORE.  Vol IV. A CHILD OF THE AGE. By FRANCIS ADAMS.  Vol. V. THE GREAT GOD PAN AND THE INMOST LIGHT.  By ARTHUR MACHEN.      [ Second edition now ready. Vol. VI. DISCORDS. By GEORGE EGERTON.      [  edition now ready. Vol. VII. PRINCE ZALESKI. By M. P. SHIEL.  Vol. VII. THE WOMAN WHO DID. By GRANT ALLEN.      [ Eighteenth edition now ready. Vol. IX. WOMEN'S TRAGEDIES. By H. D. LOWRY.  Vol. X. GREY ROSES. By HENRY HARLAND.  Vol. XI. AT THE  CORNER, AND OTHER STORIES.  By H. B. MARRIOTT WATSON.  Vol. XII. MONOCHROMES. By ELLA D'ARCY.  Vol. XIII. AT THE RELTON ARMS. By EVELYN SHARP.  Vol. XIV. THE GIRL FROM THE FARM. By GERTRUDE  DIX.  Vol. XV. THE MIRROR OF MUSIC. By STANLEY V.  MAKOWER.  Vol. XVI. YELLOW AND WHITE. By W. CARLTON DAWE. Vol. XVII. THE MOUNTAIN LOVERS. By FIONA MACLEOD.  Vol. XVIII. THE WOMAN WHO DIDN'T. By VICTORIA  CROSSE.   The following are in preparation  :  Vol. XIX. THE THREE IMPOSTORS. By ARTHUR MACHEN.  Vol. XX. NOBODY'S FAULT. By NETTA SYRETT. THE PUBLICATIONS OF JOHN LANE  9 KEYNOTES SERIES.   Vol. XXI. THE BRITISH BARBARIANS. By GRANT ALLEN.  Vol. XXII. IN HOMESPUN. By E. NESBIT. Vol. XXIII. PLATONIC AFFECTIONS. By JOHN SMITH.  Vol. XXIV. NETS FOR THE WIND. By UNA TAYLOR.  Vol. XXV. ORANGE AND GREEN. By CALDWELL LIPSETT.   Boston : Roberts Bros. KING (MAUDE EGERTON).   ROUND ABOUT A BRIGHTON COACH OFFICE. With 30 Illus- trations by LLCY KEMP- WELCH. Cr. 8vo. 5 s. net. [In preparation. LANDER (HARRY).   WEIGHED IN THE BALANCE : A Novel. Cr. 8vo. 4 s.  6 d. net. [In preparation. LANG (ANDREW). See  STODDART. LEATHER (R. K.).   VERSES. 250 copies, fcap. 8vo. 3 s.net.  Transferred by the Author to the present Publisher LE GALLIENNE (RICHARD).   PROSE FANCIES. With portrait of the Author by WILSON  STEER.  edition, cr. 8vo, purple cloth. 5 s. net.   Also a limited large paper edition. 12 s.  6 d. net. New York : G. P. Putnam's Sons.   THE BOOK BILLS OF NARCISSUS. An account rendered by  RICHARD LE GALLIENNE.  edition, with a new  chapter and a frontispiece, cr. 8vo, purple cloth. 3 s.  6d.  net.  Also 50 copies on large paper. 8vo. 10 s.  6 d. net.  New York : G. P. Putnam's Sons.   ENGLISH POEMS. edition, revised, cr. 8vo, purple cloth.  4 s.  6 d. net.  Boston : Copeland &amp; Day.   GEORGE MEREDITH: some Characteristics; with a Biblio-  graphy (much enlarged) by JOHN LANE, portrait, &amp;c. edition, cr. 8vo, purple cloth. 5 s.  6 d. net.   THE RELIGION OF A LITERARY MAN. 5th thousand, cr. 8vo, purple cloth. 3 s.  6 d. net.   Also a special rubricated edition on hand-made paper, 8vo. l0 s.  6 d. net.  New York: G. P. Putnam's Sons. 10   THE PUBLICATIONS OF JOHN LANE LE GALLIENNE (RICHARD}.   ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON : An Elegy, and Other Poems,  mainly personal. With etched title-page by D. Y.  CAMERON. Cr. 8vo, purple cloth. 4 s.  6 d. net.   Also 75 copies on large paper. 8vo. 1 2s.  6 d. net.  Boston : Copeland &amp; Day. RETROSPECTIVE REVIEWS : A Literary Log, 1891-1895. 2  vols., cr. 8vo, purple cloth. 9 s. net. [In preparation.  New York: Dodd, Mead &amp; Co. LIPSETT (CALDIVELL).   ORANGE AND GREEN. ( See  KEYNOTES SERIES.) LOWRY (H. D.).  WOMEN'S TRAGEDIES. ( See  KEYNOTES SERIES.) LUCAS (WINIFRED).   A VOLUME OF POEMS. Fcap. 8vo. 4 s.  6 d. net.       [In preparation. LYNCH (HANNAH).   THE GREAT GALEOTO AND FOLLY OR SAINTLINESS. Two  Plays, from the Spanish of JOSE ECHEGARAY, with an  Introduction. Sm. 4to. 5 s.  6 d. net.  Boston: Lamson, Wolffe &amp; Co. MACHEN (ARTHUR).   THE GREAT GOD PAN. ( See  KEYNOTES SERIES.)  THE THREE IMPOSTORS. ( See  KEYNOTES SERIES.) MACLEOD (FIONA).   THE MOUNTAIN LOVERS. ( See  KEYNOTES SERIES.) MAKOWER (STANLEY V.).   THE MIRROR OF MUSIC. ( See  KEYNOTES SERIES.) MARZIALS (THEO.).   THE GALLERY OF PIGEONS, AND OTHER POEMS. Post 8vo.  4 s.  6 d. net.    [ Very few remain.  Transferred by the Author to the present Publisher. MATHEW (FRANK).   THE WOOD OF THE BRAMBLES : A Novel. Cr. 8vo. 4 s.  6 d. net.     [In preparation. THE MAY FAIR SET.   Each volume fcap. 8vo. 3 s.  6 d. net. Vol. I. THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF A BOY. Passages selected  by his friend G. S. STREET. With a title-page  designed by C. W. FURSE.     [  Edition now ready. THE PUBLICATIONS OF JOHN LANE  11 THE MAYFAIR SET.   Vol. II. THE JONESES AND THE ASTERISKS : A Story in  Monologue. By GERALD CAMPBELL. With a title-page and 6 illustrations by F. H. TOWNSEND.  Vol. III. SELECT CONVERSATIONS WITH AN UNCLE, NOW  EXTINCT. By H. G. WELLS. With a title-page  by F. H. TOWNSEND.   The following are in preparation :   Vol. IV. THE FEASTS OF AUTOLYCUS : The Diary of a Greedy  Woman. Edited by ELIZABETH ROBINS PENNELL.  Vol. V. MRS. ALBERT GRUNDY : Observations in Philistia.  By HAROLD FREDERIC.  Vol. VI. FOR PLAIN WOMEN ONLY. By GEORGE FLEMING.   New York: The Merriam Co. MEREDITH (GEORGE).   THE  PUBLISHED PORTRAIT OF THIS AUTHOR, engraved  on the wood by W. BISCOMBE GARDNER, after the painting  by G. F. WATTS. Proof copies on Japanese vellum,  signed by painter and engraver, 1 1 s. net. MEYNELL (MRS.), (ALICE C. THOMPSON).   POEMS. Fcap. 8vo. 3 s.  6 d. net. (Out of print at present.)  A  few of the 50 large paper copies (Ist edition) remain. 12 s.  6 d. net.   THE RHYTHM OF LIFE, AND OTHER ESSAYS, and edition, fcap. 8vo. 3 s.  6 d. net.  A few of the 50 large paper copies (1st edition) remain, 12 s.  6 d. net. See also  HAKE. MILLER (JOAQUIN).   THE BUILDING OF THE CITY BEAUTIFUL. Fcap. 8vo  With a decorated cover. 5 s. net.  Chicago: Stone &amp; Kimball. MILMAN (LENA).   DOSTOIEVSKY'S POOR FOLK. ( See  KEYNOTES SERIES.) MONKHOUSE (ALLAN).   BOOKS AND PLAYS : A VOLUME OF ESSAYS ON MEREDITH,  BORROW, IBSEN AND OTHERS. 400 copies, crown 8vo.  5 s. net.  Philadelphia: J. B. Lippincott Co. MOORE (GEORGE).   ( See  KEYNOTES SERIES, Vol. III.) NESBIT (E.).   A POMANDER OF VERSE. With a title-page and cover designed  by LAURENCE HOUSMAN. Cr. 8vo. 5 s. net.  Chicago: A. C. McClurg &amp; Co. IN HOMESPUN. ( See  KEYNOTES SERIES.) 12   THE PUBLICATIONS OF JOHN LANE NETTLESHIP (J. T.).   ROBERT BROWNING. Essays and Thoughts.  edition,  with a portrait, cr. 8vo, 5 s.  6 d. net.  New York: Chas. Scribner's Sons. NOBLE (JAS. ASHCROFT).   THE SONNET IN ENGLAND, AND OTHER ESSAYS. Title-page  and cover design by AUSTIN YOUNG. 600 copies, cr. 8vo.  5 s. net.  Also 50 copies, large paper, 12 s.  6 d. net. O'SHAUGHNESSY (ARTHUR}.   HIS LIFE AND HIS WORK. With selections from his Poems.  By LOUISE CHANDLER MOULTON. Portrait and cover design, fcap. 8vo. 5 s. net.   Chicago: Stone &amp; Kimball. OXFORD CHARACTERS.   A series of lithographed portraits by WILL ROTHENSTElN, with  text by F. YORK POWELL and others. To be issued monthly  in term. Each number will contain two portraits, Parts I.  to VI. ready. 200 sets only, folio, wrapper, 5 s. net  per part ;  25 special large paper sets containing proof impressions of  the portraits signed by the artist, l0 s.  6 d. net  per part. PENNELL (ELIZABETH ROBINS). THE FEASTS OF AUTOLYCUS. ( See  MAYFAIR SET.) PETERS (WM. THEODORE).   POSIES OUT OF RINGS. Sq. 16mo. 3 s.  6 d. net. [ In preparation. PIERROT'S LIBRARY.   Each volume with title-page, cover-design, and end papers  designed by AUBREY BEARDSLEY. Sq. 16mo.  3s.  6 d. net. The following are in preparation :   Vol. I. PIERROT. By H. DE VERE STACPOOLE.  Vol.II. MY LITTLE LADY ANNE. By MRS. EGERTON CASTLE.  Vol. III. DEATH, THE KNIGHT, AND THE LADY. By H.  DE VERE STACPOOLE.  Vol. IV. SIMPLICITY. By A. T. G. PRICE. Philadelphia : Henry Altemus. PISSARRO (LUCIEN].   THE QUEEN OF THE FISHES. A Story of the Valois, adapted  by MARGARET RUST, being a printed manuscript, decor-  ated with pictures and other ornaments, cut on the wood  by LUCIEN PISSARRO, and printed by him in divers  colours and in gold at his press in Epping. Edition  limited to 70 copies for England, each numbered and  signed. Crown 8vo, on Japanese hand-made paper, bound  in vellum, £1 net. THE PUBLICATIONS OF JOHN LANE  13 PLARR (VICTOR}.  IN THE DORIAN MOOD : Poems. Cr. 8vo. 5 s. net. [In preparation. PRICE (A. T. G.).   SIMPLICITY. ( See  PIERROT'S LIBRARY.) RADFORD (DOLLIE).   SONGS, AND OTHER VERSES. With title-page designed by  PATTEN WILSON. Fcap. 8vo. 4 s.  6 d. net.  Philadelphia : J. B. Lippincott Co. RAMSDEN (HERMIONE).  See  HANSSON. RICKETTS (C. S.) AND C. H. SHANNON.   HERO AND LEANDER. By CHRISTOPHER MARLOWE and  GEORGE CHAPMAN. With borders, initials, and illus- trations designed and engraved on the wood by C. S.  RICKETTS and C. H. SHANNON. Bound in English  vellum and gold. 200 copies only. 35 s. net.  Boston : Copeland &amp; Day. RHYS (ERNEST).   A LONDON ROSE, AND OTHER RHYMES. With title-page  designed by SELWYN IMAGE. 350 copies, cr. 8vo.  5 s. net.  New York: Dodd, Mead &amp; Co. ROBERTSON (JOHN M.).   ESSAYS TOWARDS A CRITICAL METHOD. (New Series.)  Cr. 8vo. 5 s. net. [In preparation. ROBINSON (C. NEWTON).   THE VIOL OF LOVE. With ornaments and cover design by  LAURENCE HOUSMAN. Cr. 8vo. 5 s. net.  Boston: Lamson, Wolffe &amp; Co. ST. CYRES (LORD).   THE LITTLE FLOWERS OF ST. FRANCIS. A new rendering  into English of the FIORETTI DI SAN FRANCESCO. Cr.  8vo. 5 s. net.    [In preparation. SHARP (EVELYN}.   AT THE RELTON ARMS. ( See  KEYNOTES SERIES.) SHIEL (M. P.) .  PRINCE ZALESKI. ( See  KEYNOTES SERIES.) SMITH (JOHN).   PLATONIC AFFECTIONS. ( See  KEYNOTES SERIES.) 14   THE PUBLICATIONS OF JOHN LANE STACPOOLE (H. DE VERE).   PIERROT! A STORY. ( See  PIERROT'S LIBRARY.)  DEATH, THE KNIGHT, AND THE LADY. ( See  PIERROT'S LIBRARY.) STEVENSON (ROBERT LOUIS).   PRINCE OTTO : A Rendering in French by EGERTON CASTLE.  Cr. 8vo. 5 s. net.    [In preparation.   Also 100 copies on large paper, uniform in size with the  Edinburgh Edition of the works. A CHILD'S GARDEN OF VERSES. With nearly 100 illustra-  tions by CHARLES ROBINSON. Cr. 8vo. 5 s. net.      [In preparation. STODDART (THOMAS TOD).   THE DEATH WAKE. With an introduction by ANDREW  LANG. Fcap. 8vo. 5 s. net.  Chicago: Way &amp; Williams. STREET (G. S.).   THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF A BOY. ( See  MAYFAIR SET.)  MINIATURES AND MOODS. Fcap. 8vo. 3 s. net.  Transferred by the Author to the present Publisher.  New York: The Merriam Co. SWETTENHAM (F. A. ).   MALAY SKETCHES. With title and cover designs by PATTEN  WILSON. Cr. 8vo. 5 s. net.  New York; Macmillan &amp; Co. SYRETT (NETTA).   NOBODY'S FAULT. ( See  KEYNOTES SERIES.) TABB (JOHN B.).   POEMS. Sq. 32mo. 4s. 6d. net.  Boston : Copeland &amp; Day. TAYLOR (UNA).   NETS FOR THE WIND. ( See  KEYNOTES SERIES.) TENNYSON (FREDERICK).   POEMS OF THE DAY AND YEAR. With a title-page designed  by PATTEN WILSON. Cr. 8vo. 5 s. net.  Chicago: Stone &amp; Kimball. THIMM (C. A.).   A COMPLETE BIBLIOGRAPHY OF THE ART OF FENCE,  DUELLING, &amp;c. With illustrations. [ In preparation. THE PUBLICATIONS OF JOHN LANE  15 THOMPSON (FRANCIS).   POEMS. With frontispiece, title-page, and cover design by  LAURENCE HOUSMAN.  edition, pott 4to. 5 s. net.  Boston : Copeland &amp; Day.   SISTER-SONGS : An Offering to Two Sisters. With frontis-  piece, title-page, and cover design by LAURENCE HOUS- MAN. Pott 4to, buckram. 5 s. net.  Boston : Copeland &amp; Day. THOREAU (HENRY DAVID).   POEMS OF NATURE. Selected and edited by HENRY S. SALT  and FRANK B. SANBORN, with a title-page designed by  PATTEN WILSON. Fcap. 8vo. 4 s.  6 d. net. [In preparation.  Boston and New York : Houghton, Mifflin &amp; Co. TYNAN HINKSON (KATHARINE).   CUCKOO SONGS. With title-page and cover design by LAUR- ENCE HOUSMAN. Fcap. 8vo. 5 s. net.  Boston : Copeland &amp; Day. MIRACLE PLAYS : OUR LORD'S COMING AND CHILDHOOD.  With 6 illustrations and a title-page by PATTEN WILSON.  Fcap. 8vo.  s. d. net.   [In preparation. Chicago : Stone &amp; Kimball. WATSON (ROSAMUND MARRIOTT).   VESPERTILIA, AND OTHER POEMS. With title-page designed  by R. ANNING BELL. Fcap. 8vo. 4 s.  6 d. net.  Chicago : Way &amp; Williams.   A SUMMER NIGHT, AND OTHER POEMS. New Edition, with  a decorative title-page. Fcap. 8vo. 5 s. net.  Chicago : Way &amp; Williams.   [In preparation. WATSON (H. B. MARRIOTT).   THE KING'S HIGHWAY. Cr. 8vo. 4 s. 6d. net. [In preparation.   AT THE  CORNER. ( See  KEYNOTES SERIES.) WATSON (WILLIAM).  ODES, AND OTHER POEMS. Edition. Fcap. 8vo.  4 s.  6 d. net.  New York : Macmillan &amp; Co.   THE ELOPING ANGELS : A CAPRICE. Second edition, sq.  16mo, buckram. 3 s.  6 d. net.  New York : Macmillan &amp; Co. 16   THE PUBLICATIONS OF JOHN LANE WATSON (WILLIAM).   EXCURSIONS IN CRITICISM; BEING SOME PROSE RECREATIONS  OF A RHYMER. Second edition, cr. 8vo. 5 s. net.  New York; Macmillan &amp; Co.   THE PRINCE'S QUEST, AND OTHER POEMS. With a biblio- graphical note added. Second edition, fcap. 8vo. 4 s. 6d. net. WATT (FRANCIS).   THE LAW'S LUMBER ROOM. Fcap. 8vo. 3 s. 6 d. net. Chicago: A. C. McClurg &amp; Co. WATTS (THEODORE}.   POEMS. Crown 8vo. 5 s. net.   [In preparation.  There will also be an. Edition de Luxe of tliis volume, printed  at the Kelmscott Press. WELLS (H. G.).   SELECT CONVERSATIONS WITH AN UNCLE. ( See  MAYFAIR  SET.) WHARTON (H. T.) .  SAPPHO. Memoir, text, selected renderings, and a literal trans-  lation by HENRY THORNTON WHARTON. With Three  Illustrations in photogravure and a cover design by AUBREY  BEARDSLEY. Fcap. 8vo. 7 s.  6 d. net.  Chicago: A. C. McClurg &amp; Co. The Yellow Book An Illustrated Quarterly. Pott 4to, 5s. net. Volume I. April 1894, 272 pp., 15 Illustrations. [ Out of print. Volume II. July 1894, 364 pp., 23 Illustrations.  Volume III. October 1894, 280 pp., 15 Illustrations.  Volume IV. January 1895, 285 pp., 16 Illustrations.  Volume V. April 1895, 317 pp., 14 Illustrations.  Volume VI. July 1895, 335 pp., 16 Illustrations. Boston : Copeland &amp; Day.