The Yellow Book: An Illustrated Quarterly, Volume 10 July 1896 John Lane London Copeland &amp; Day Boston July 1896 The Yellow Book 10 (Jul. 1896) Contents Literature I.  Dogs, Cats, Books, and the Average Man)  By  "The Yellow Dwarf" Page  11   II.  An Idyll in Millinery   .  Ménie Muriel Dowie  . 24. III.  D'Outre tombe  . .  Rosamund Marriott-Watson  . . . . 54   IV.  The Invisible Prince   .  Henry Harland  . . 59 V.  An Emblem of Translation   Richard Garnett , C.B., LL.D. . . . 88   VI.  La Goya : a Passion of the Peruvian Desert Samuel Mathewson Scott  95   VII.  Lady Loved a Rose   .  Renée de Coutans  . .167  VIII.  Our River . . .  Mrs. Murray Hickson  . 169   IX.  Kathy  . . . .  Oswald Sickert  . . 179   X.  Sub Tegmine Fagi  . .  Marie Clothilde Balfour  . 199 XI.  Finger-Posts  . . .  Eva Gore-Booth  . . 214  XII.  Lucretia  . . . .  K. Douglas King  . . 223  XIII.  The Serjeant-at-Law  .  Francis Watt  . . . 245   XIV.  Night and Love  . .  Ernest Wentworth  . . 259   XV. Two Stories  . . .  Ella D'Arcy  . . . 265  XVI.  Prince Alberic and the Snake Lady Vernon Lee  . . . 289 The Yellow Book--Vol. X--July, 1896 Art Art I.  A Dutch Woman  . . By  Mrs. Stanhope Forbes Page  7   II.  Babies and Brambles  .  Katharine Cameron  . 55  III. The Dew  . .   IV.  Ysighlu  .  J. Herbert McNair  . . 89  V.  A Dream VI.  Mother and Child  .  Margaret Macdonald  . 162   VII.  Ill Omen VIII.  The Sleeping Princess Frances Macdonald  . 173  IX.  Dieppe Castle  . .   X.  The Butterflies D. Y. Cameron  . . 218  XI.  The Five Sweet Symphonies Nellie Syrett  . . . 256  XII.  Barren Life  . . .  Laurence Housman  . 261  XIII.  Windermere  . . .  Charles Conder  . . 286 The Title-page and Front Cover Design are   by  J. ILLINGWORTH KAY . The Yellow Book   Volume X July, 1896 The Editor of THE YELLOW BOOK advises all persons   sending manuscripts to keep copies, as, for the future,   unsolicited contributions cannot be returned. To this   rule no exception will be made. A Dutch Woman By Dogs, Cats, Books, and  the Average Man  A Letter to the Editor From  " The Yellow Dwarf " SIR : I hope you will not suspect me of making a bid for his  affection, when I remark that the Average Man loves the Obvious.   By consequence (for, like all unthinking creatures, the duffer's   logical), by consequence, his attitude towards the Subtle, the  Elusive, when not an attitude of mere torpid indifference, is an   attitude of positive distrust and dislike. Of this ignoble fact, pretty nearly everything--from the   popularity of beer and skittles, to the popularity of Mr. Hall   Caine's novels ; from the general's distaste for caviare, to the   general's neglect of Mr.   Henry James's tales--pretty nearly every-  thing is a reminder. But, to go no further afield, for the moment,   than his own hearthrug, may I ask you to consider a little the   relative positions occupied in the Average Man's regard by the  Dog and the Cat ? The Average Man ostentatiously loves the Dog. The Average Man, when he is not torpidly indifferent to that  princely animal, positively distrusts and dislikes the Cat. I have used the epithet "princely" with intention, in speaking of 12  A Letter to the Editor of the near relative of the King of Beasts. The Cat is a Princess  of the Blood. Yes, my dear, always a Princess, though the  Average Man, with his unerring instinct for the malappropriate  word, sometimes names her Thomas. The Cat is always a   Princess, because everything nice in this world, everything fine,  sensitive, distinguished, everything beautiful, everything worth   while, is of essence Feminine, though it may be male by the accident of sex ;--and that's as true as gospel, let Mr. W. E. Henley's lusty young disciples shout their loudest in celebration   of the Virile.--The Cat is a Princess. The Dog, on the contrary, is not even a gentleman. Far   otherwise. His admirers may do what they will to forget it, the   circumstance remains, writ large in every Natural History, that   the Dog is sprung from quite the meanest family of the Quad-  rupeds. That coward thief the wolf is his bastard brother ; the   carrion hyena is his cousin-german. And in his person, as in his  character, bears he not an hundred marks of his base descent ? In   his rough coat (contrast it with the silken mantle of the Cat) ; in  his harsh, monotonous voice (contrast it with the flexible organ of  the Cat, her versatile mewings, chirrupings, and purrings, and their innumerable shades and modulations) ; in the stiff-jointed clumsiness of his movements (compare them to the inexpressible   grace and suppleness of the Cat's) ; briefly, in the all-pervading   plebeian commonness that hangs about him like an atmosphere   (compare it to the high-bred reserve and dignity that invest the  Cat). The wolf's brother, is the Dog not himself a coward ?   Watch him when, emulating the ruffian who insults an un-  protected lady, he puts a Cat to flight in the streets : watch him   when the lady halts and turns. Faugh, the craven ! with his wild show of savagery so long as there is not the slightest danger --and his sudden chopfallen drawing back when the lady halts and turns ! From "The Yellow Dwarf"  13 turns ! The hyena's cousin, is he not himself of carrion an   impassioned amateur ? At Constantinople he serves ( 'tis a labour   of love ; he receives no stipend) he serves as Public Scavenger,   swallowing with greed the ordures cast by the Turk. Scripture   tells us to what he returneth : who has failed to observe that he   returneth not to his own alone ? And the other day, strolling   upon the sands by the illimitable sea, I came upon a friend and   her pet terrier. She was holding the little beggar by the scruff of   his neck, and giving him repeated sousings in a pool. I stood a pleased spectator of this exercise, for the terrier kicked and spluttered and appeared to be unhappy. "He found a decaying   jelly-fish below there, and rolled in it," my friend pathetically   explained. I should like to see the Cat who could be induced to   roll in a decaying jelly-fish. The Cat's fastidiousness, her   meticulous cleanliness, the time and the pains she bestows upon   her toilet, and her almost morbid delicacy about certain more   private errands, are among the material indications of her patrician   nature. It were needless to allude to the vile habits and impudicity   of the Dog. Have you ever met a Dog who wasn't a bounder ? Have you  ever met a Dog who wasn't a bully, a sycophant, and a snob ?   Have you ever met a Cat who was ? Have you ever met a Cat   who would half frighten a timid little girl to death, by rushing at   her and barking ? Have you ever met a Cat who, left alone with   a visitor in your drawing-room, would truculently growl and show   her teeth, as often as that visitor ventured to stir in his chair ? Have you ever met a Cat who would snarl and snap at the   servants, Mawster's back being turned ? Have you ever met a   Cat who would cringe to you and fawn to you, and kiss the hand   that smote her ? Conscious of her high lineage, the Cat understands and accepts the 14  A Letter to the Editor the responsibilities that attach to it. She knows what she owes to   herself, to her rank, to the Royal Idea. Therefore, it is you who   must be the courtier. The Dog, poor-spirited toady, will study   your eye to divine your mood, and slavishly adapt his own mood   and his behaviour to it. Not so the Cat. As between you and   her, it is you who must do the toadying. A guest in the house,   never a dependent, she remembers always the courtesy and the consideration that are her due. You must respect her pleasure.   Is it her pleasure to slumber, and do you disturb her : note the   disdainful melancholy with which she silently comments your   rudeness. Is it her pleasure to be grave : tempt her to frolic, you   will tempt in vain. Is it her pleasure to be cold : nothing in   human possibility can win a caress from her. Is it her pleasure to   be rid of your presence : only the physical influence of a closed   door will persuade her to remain in the room with you. It is   you who must be the courtier, and wait upon her desire. But then ! When, in her own good time, she chooses to unbend, how  graciously, how entrancingly, she does it ! Oh, the thousand   wonderful lovelinesses and surprises of her play ! The wit, the   humour, the imagination, that inform it ! Her ruses, her false   leads, her sudden triumphs, her feigned despairs ! And the   topazes and emeralds that sparkle in her eyes ; the satiny lustre of   her apparel ; the delicious sinuosities of her body ! And her parenthetic interruptions of the game : to stride in regal progress round the apartment, flourishing her tail like a banner : or   coquettishly to throw herself in some enravishing posture at   length upon the carpet at your feet : or (if she loves you) to leap   upon your shoulder, and press her cheek to yours, and murmur   rapturous assurances of her passion ! To be loved by a Princess !   Whosoever, from the Marquis de Carabas down, has been loved by From "The Yellow Dwarf"  15 by a Cat, has savoured that felicity. My own particular treasure  of a Cat, at this particular moment is lying wreathed about my   neck, watching my pen as it moves along the paper, and purring   approbation of my views. But when, from time to time, I   chance to use a word that doesn't strike her altogether as the   fittest, she reaches down her little velvet paw, and dabs it out. I   should like to see the Dog who could do that. But--the Cat is subtle, the Cat is elusive, the Cat is not to be  read at a glance, the Cat is not a simple equation. And so the   Average Man, gross mutton-devouring, money-grubbing mechan-   ism that he is, when he doesn't just torpidly tolerate her, distrusts   her and dislikes her. A great soul, misappreciated, misunderstood,   she sits neglected in his chimney-corner ; and the fatuous idgit   never guesses how she scorns him. But--the Dog is obvious. Any fool can grasp the meaning of   the Dog. And the Average Man, accordingly, recreant for once   to the snobbism which is his religion, hugs the hyena's cousin to his   bosom. What of it ? Only this : that in the Average Man's sentimental attitude   towards the Dog and the Cat, we have a formula, a symbol, for   his sentimental attitude towards many things, especially for his   sentimental attitude towards Books. Some books, in their uncouthness, their awkwardness, their   boisterousness, in their violation of the decencies of art, in their   low truckling to the tastes of the purchaser, in their commonness,   their vulgarity, in their total lack of suppleness and distinction,   are the very Dogs of Bookland. The Average Man loves 'em.   Such as they are, they're obvious. And other books, by reason of their beauties and their virtues, their 16  A Letter to the Editor their graces and refinements ; because they are considered   finished ; because they are delicate, distinguished, aristocratic ;   because their touch is light, their movement deft and fleet ;   because they proceed by omission, by implication and suggestion ;   because they employ the  demi-mot  and the  nuance; because, in   fine, they are Subtle--other books are the Cats of Bookland.   And the Average Man hates them or ignores them. Yes. Literature broadly divides itself into Cat-Literature,  despised and rejected of the Average Man, and Dog-Literature,   adopted and petted by him. What is more like the ponderous,   slow-strutting, dull-witted Mastiff, than the writing of our   tedious friend Mr. Caine ? What more like a formless, undipped   white Poodle, with pink eyes, than the gushing of Miss Corelli ?   In the lucubrations of Mr. J. K. Jerome and his School, do we not recognise the Dog of the Public House, grinning and   wagging his tail and performing his round of inexpensive tricks   for whoso will chuck him a biscuit ? And in the long-drawn   bellowings of Dr. Nordau, hear we not the distempered Hound   complaining to the moon ? The books of Mr. Conan Doyle are   as a litter of assorted Mongrels, going cheap-- regardez moi leurs pattes !  Mr. Anthony Hope produces the smart Fox Terrier ;   Mr. George Moore, the laborious Dachshund ; whilst Messrs. Crockett and MacLaren breed you the sanctimonious Collie.   To cross the Channel, for an instant, we find the works of Mons.   Crapule Mendès, poking their noses into whatever nastiness is  going, and doing the other usual canine thing. And then, to   come back to England, and to turn our attention upon Journal-   ism, we mustn't forget  Mr. Punch's  collaborator Toby ; nor   Lo-Ben, the former ruling spirit of the  Pall Mall Gazette;    nor the Jackals and Pariahs of Lower Grubb Street ; nor the   Butcher's Dog, whose carnivorous yawling is the predominant note From "The Yellow Dwarf"  17 note of a certain sixpenny weekly, which I will not advertise by  naming. Cat-Literature, in the nature of things, it is less easy to put   one's finger on. Good books have such an unpleasant way of   being rare. Still, in Paris, there are MM. France, Bourget, and   Pierre Loti (oh, that sweet Pierre Loti, with his Moumoutte   Blanche and his Moumoutte Chinoise!); and, in England, at   least two or three Literary Cats are born every year. There are   many sorts of Cats, to be sure ; and some Cats are not so nice as other Cats ; but even the shabbiest, drabbiest Cat, lurking in the area, is interesting to those who have learned the Cat language,   and so can commune with her. That is one of the prettiest   differences between the Dog and the Cat :--the Dog will learn   your language, but you must learn the Cat's. Dog-Literature is   written in the language of the Average Man, a crude, unlovely   language, necessarily. Cat-Literature is written in a complex   shaded language all its own, which the Average Man is too stupid or too indolent to learn. Yes, even in poor old England, we may be thankful, a Literary  Cat is born two or three times a year. Miss Dowie and Miss   D'Arcy, Mr. Grahame, Mrs. Meynell, Mr. Crackanthorpe--they   are among the most careful and successful of our native breeders.   Mr.  Harland has given us some very pretty Grey Kittens ; and   for the artificially educated Cat, in green apron and periwig, we   naturally turn to Mr.  Beerbohm  -- whose collected works, by   the bye, I am glad to see have at last been published, accompanied   by a charming Cat-like bibliography and preface from the hand of   Mr. Lane. But of course, in any proper Cat Show, the Cats of   Mr.  Henry James  would carry off the special grand  prix d'honneur .   And now, Mr. Editor, these philosophical reflections may be   not inappositely punctuated by a piece of news. I beg 18  A Letter to the Editor I beg to announce to you the recent appearance in Cat-Literature  of a highly curious and diverting sport or variation. Perhaps your   attention has already been directed to it ? Have you seen  March Hares ? March Hares,  by George Forth, is a most spirited, lithe-limbed,  and surprising Cat. It will mystify and irritate the Average Man,   as much as it will rejoice his betters. He will discover that he has been made a fool of, at the end of every bout ; for it is Cat's play perpetually--a malicious sequence of ruses and false leads.   He will declare that it is madder even than its name, for the   method that governs its capricious pirouettings is a method much   too subtle for his coarse senses to apprehend. Indeed, I can almost   hope that  March Hares  was conceived and brought to parturition, for the deliberate purpose of giving the Average Man a headache.   If it were frank Opéra-bouffe, he wouldn't mind ; but it is Opéra-   bouffe masquerading as legitimate drama. The Average Man will   take it seriously--and presently begin to stare and swear. He will   feel as if Harlequin were circling round him, jeering at him and   flouting him, making disrespectful gestures in his face, whacking   his skull with wooden sword, and throwing his sluggish intellects   promiscuously into a whirl of bewilderment and anger. Mr. David Mosscrop, self-defined as an habitual criminal, is a   dissipated young Scottish Professor of Culdees, who draws a salary   of four-hundred odd pounds per annum, and, for forty-nine weeks   out of the fifty-two, renders no equivalent of service. Accordingly,   he lives in chambers, at Dunstan's Inn, and lounges at seven   o'clock in the morning of his thirtieth birthday, against the low   stone parapet of Westminster Bridge, nursing a bad attack of   vapours, and wondering vaguely whether a chap "who does not   know enough to keep sober over-night, should not be thrown like garbage into the river." What From "The Yellow Dwarf"  19 What more natural than that he should here encounter a young   lady "almost tall," with "butter-coloured hair," and treat her to   an outfit of silk stockings and a pair of patent-leather boots "of   the best Parisian make" ? Inevitably, after that, he invites her to   breakfast at an Italian ordinary, where she drinks freely of Chianti   and Maraschino, and lies to him like fun about her identity and   her extraction. "My name is Vestalia Peaussier. My father   was a French gentleman--an officer, and a man of position. He   died--killed in a duel--when I was very young. . . . . My   mother was the daughter of a very old Scottish house." And Vestalia has just been turned out of her lodgings for non-payment   of rent, and insinuates that she is looking to the streets for a   career. Mosscrop, properly enough shocked at this, hurries her away   upon his arm to the British Museum, where he entertains her   with his ideas about Nero, Richard Cœur de Lion, King John,   the Monkish Chroniclers, and the lions of Assur-Banipal. She   listens, with her shoulder against his--" but now he has other   auditors as well." " Excuse me, sir," the urgent and anxious voice of a stranger  says close behind him, " but you seem to be extraordinarily well   posted indeed on these sculptures here. I hope you will not object   to my daughter and me standing where we can hear your re-   marks." The stranger is Mr. Skinner, from Paris, Kentucky, U.S.A.  His daughter, Adele, is a handsome girl with "coal-black tresses,"   who looks askance at the "butter-coloured" locks of Vestalia   Peaussier. Skinner persists in his advances. "I should delight, sir, to have  my daughter be privileged to profit by your remarks." David   speaks somewhat abruptly : "You are certainly welcome, but it The Yellow Book--Vol. X. B happens 20  A Letter to the Editor happens that I have finished my remarks, as you call them."   Skinner observes, and the reader will agree with him, that "that's   too bad ;" for David's remarks were lively and instructive. And   Skinner, with a view to mutual intellectual improvement, asks   David to call upon him at the Savoy Hotel. Then David and Vestalia lunch together at the Café Royal,   drinking a bottle of 34A, cooled to 48. And then they go to   Greenwich and eat fish. And at last David conducts her to his   chambers, and sends her to bed in the room of his absent neigh-   bour Linkhaw, supposed to be seeking recreation in Uganda, or   "maybe in the Hudson Bay Territory." And Linkhaw, in- opportune villain, chooses, of course, this night of all nights for playing the god from the machine. Footsteps come echoing up   the staircase. A key rattles in Linkhaw's lock. "Stop that, you   idiot !" David commands fiercely. "Ah, Davie, Davie, still at   the bottle," replies a well known voice from out of the obscurity ;   and Linkhaw is dragged by Davie into Davie's den. From the advent of Linkhaw the plot thickens terribly, the  Cat's play becomes fast and furious.  of all, Linkhaw isn't   Linkhaw, but the Earl of Drumpipes, in the Peerage of Scotland.   And secondly, Vestalia isn't Vestalia, but Linkhaw's thoroughly   bad lot of a wife, whom he imagines "dead as a mackerel, thank   God." And ly, she isn't either, but the entirely virtuous   niece of Mr. Skinner, who turns out to be a renegade Englishman   himself. And Peaussier was only Skinner Gallicised ! Then the   question rises, Is Mosscrop a gentleman ? Drumpipes, with northern caution, admits that he is "a professional man, a person   of education." It is certain, anyhow, that Drumpipes would be   blithe to make a Countess of Miss Skinner : she is rich, and she   is pleasing. Her Popper is in Standard oil. But there are   democratic prejudices against his title, though David reminds him that From "The Yellow Dwarf"  21 that it is "nothing better than a Scottish title," and Drainpipes  retorts that the Pilliewillies were great lords in Slug-Angus   "before the Campbells were ever heard of, or the Gordons had   learned not to eat their cattle raw." Whereupon they almost   come to blows about the compensation to be paid for a ruined   "moosie." After some persuasion, however, Mosscrop good-   naturedly consents to assume his friend's embarrassment, and while Drumpipes, as Linkhaw, makes love to the dark Adele,   Mosscrop, as Drumpipes, arranges a coaching-party, a luncheon,   and a tableau--whereof he and Vestalia are the central figures.   Then the waiter comes in with the tureen ; and the Cat's play is   ended.  Voilà  as the French say,  tout . March Hares , by George Forth. Who is George Forth ? I'll bet half-a-sovereign that "George Forth" is a pseudonym,   and that it covers at least two personalities, perhaps three or four.   If  March Hares  is not the child of a collaboration, then my eye-   sight is beginning to fail. Who are the collaborators ? Oddly enough, they are quite manifestly members of a group I have   never professed to love--they are manifestly pupils of Mr. W. E.   Henley. I can only gratefully suppose either that the Master's   influence is waning, or that the Publisher's Adviser pruned their   manuscript, and the Printer's Reader put the finishing touches to   their proofs ; for Brutality is absent. I saw it stated in a daily   paper, a week or so ago, that George Forth was Mr.  Harold   Frederic  ; but that's a rank impossibility. Mr. Harold Frederic   has proved that he can cross Bulldogs with Newfoundlands, that   he can write able, unreadable  Illuminations  in choice Americanese.   He could no more flitter and flutter and coruscate, and turn   somersaults in mid-air, and fall lightly on his feet, in the Cat-   fashion of George Forth, than he could dance a hornpipe on the   point of a needle. It is barely conceivable that Mr. Harold Frederic 22  A Letter to the Editor Frederic may have been one of the collaborators, but, in that case,  I'll eat my wig if the others didn't mightily revise his "copy." Nenni-da !  George Forth were far more likely to be, in some   degree, Mr. George Steevens--late of the  P.M.G. , much chastened   and improved. Perhaps he is also, in some degree, Mr. Marriott   Watson ? And ( cherchez la femme ) who knows that a lady may   not supply an element of his composition ? But these are mere   conjectures. The long of it is and the short of it is that I'm   devoured by curiosity ; and I'll offer a bottle of his favourite wine   to any fellow who'll provide me with an authenic version of George   Forth's "real names." You will remember, Mr. Editor, the magnificent retort of the   French King to the malapert counsellor who ventured to remind   him of that silly old Latin saw about  vox populi  and  vox Dei .   With the same splendid and conclusive scorn might you and I   dismiss the opinions of the Average Man--especially his opinions about Dogs, Cats, and Books. So long as they remain his own,   and are not shared by his superiors, they import as little as the   opinions of the Average Dugong. But the tiresome thing is,   they are infectious ; and his superiors are constantly exposed to   the danger of catching them. When he speaks as an individual,   the Average Man only bores without convincing you. But when   he speaks by the thousand, somehow or other, he is as like as not   to set a fashion, or even to establish a tradition. He has already  established a tradition about Dogs and Cats ; and nowadays he is beginning to set the fashion about Books. Nice people are begin- ning to accept his opinions upon this, the one subject above all   subjects which he is least qualified to touch. I actually know   nice people who have read Mr. Conan Doyle ! And I have   actually met nice people who do not read Mr. Henry James ! And From "The Yellow Dwarf"  23 And that is all the fault of the Average Man. Why can't the  dunce be gagged ? Mr. James, for instance, has just published   a new volume of his incomparable tales.  Embarrassments  'tis   called. Of course, it must be as a volume composed in Coptic   for the Average Man ; but nice people would find it a casket of   inexpressible delights, if only the Average Man could be silenced   long enough to let them hear of it. For my part, I do what I   can. I remember the example of Martin Luther, and I hurl my   ink-pot. But the Devil is still abroad in the world, seeking whom he may devour ; and the Average Man will no doubt go   on gabbling--the Devil take him ! I have the honour, dear Mr. Editor, to subscribe myself, as   ever, Your obedient servant, THE YELLOW DWARF. An Idyll in Millinery By  Ménie Muriel Dowie I THE actual reason why Liphook was there does not matter :   he was there, and he was there for the second time within   a fortnight, and on each occasion, as it happened, he was the only   man in the place--the only man-customer in the place. A pale,   shaven young Jew passed sometimes about the rooms, in the   background. Liphook could not stand still ; the earliest sign of mental   excitement, this ; if he paused for a moment in front of one of   the two console tables and glanced into the big mirror, it was   only to turn the next second and make a step or two this way   or that upon the spacious-sized, vicious-patterned Axminster   carpet. His eye wandered, but not without a mark of resolution   in its wandering--resolution not to wander persistently in one   direction.  the partings in the curtains which ran before   the windows seemed to attract him, and he glanced into the gay grove of millinery that blossomed before the hungry eyes of   female passers-by in the street. Sometimes he looked through   the archways that led upon each hand to further salons in which   little groups of women, customers and saleswomen, were collected. sometimes By Ménie Muriel Dowie  25 Sometimes his eye rested upon the seven or eight unemployed   shop-ladies who stood behind the curtains, like spiders, and looked  with an almost malevolent contemptuousness upon the street   starers who came not in to buy, but lingered long, and seemed to   con the details of attractive models. More than once, a group   in either of the rooms fascinated him for full a minute. One   particularly, because its component parts declared themselves so   quickly to his apprehension. A young woman, with fringe carefully ordered to complete   formlessness and fuzz, who now sat upon a chair and now rose   to regard herself in a glass as she poised a confection of the  toque breed upon her head. With her, a friend, older, of identical   type, but less serious mien, whose face pringled into vivacious   comment upon each venture ; comment which of course Liphook   could not overhear. With them both, an elder lady, to whom   the shopwoman, a person of clever  dégagé  manner and primrose   hair, principally addressed herself; appealingly, confirmatively,.   rapturously, critically--according to her ideas upon the hat in   question. In and out of their neighbourhood moved a middle-   aged woman of French appearance, short-necked, square-   shouldered, high-busted, with a keen face of chamois leather   colour and a head to which the black hair seemed to have been   permanently glued--Madame Félise herself. When she threw   a word into the momentous discussion the eyes of the party turned respectfully upon her ; each woman hearkened. Even   Liphook divined that the girl was buying her trousseau millinery ;   the older sister, or married friend, advising in crisp, humorous   fashion, the elder lady controlling, deciding, voicing the great   essential laws of order, obligation and convention ; the shop-   woman playing the pipes, the dulcimer, the sackbut, the tabor or   the viol--Madame Félise the while commanding with invisible bâton 26  An Idyll in Millinery bâton her intangible orchestra ; directing distantly, but with  ineludable authority, the very players upon the stage. At this   moment She turned to him and his attention necessarily left the   group. How did he find this ? Did he care for the immense   breadth in front ? Every one in Paris was doing it. Wasn't he   on the whole a little bit sick of hydrangeas--every one, positively   every one, had hydrangeas just now, and hydrangeas the size   of cauliflowers. He made replies; he assumed a quiet interest,   not too strong to be in character ; he steered her away from the   Parisian breadth in front, away from the hydrangeas, into a con- sideration of something that rose very originally at the back and had a  ruche  of watercresses to lie upon the hair, and three   dahlias, and four distinct colours of tulle in aniline shades, one over   the other, and an osprey, and a bird of Paradise, and a few paste ornaments; and a convincing degree of  chic in its abandoned   hideousness. Then he took a turn down the room towards the group aforesaid. "It looks so  fearfully  married to have that tinsel crown, don't   you know !" the elder sister or youthful matron was saying. "I   mean, it suggests dull calls, doesn't it ? Dull people  always  have   tinsel crowns, haven't you noticed ? I don't want to influence   you, but as I said before, I liked you in the Paris model." Every hat over which you conspicuously hover at Félise's,   becomes, on the instant, a Paris model. "So smart, Madam," cut in the shop-lady. "And you can't   have anything newer than that rustic brim in shot straw with   just the little knot of gardenias at the side. Oh I  do  think it   suits you !" Liphook turned away. After all, he didn't want to hear what   these poor, silly, feeble people were saying ; he wanted to   look. . . . "But By Ménie Muriel Dowie  27 "But Jim always likes me so much in pale blue, that I think   --" began the girl. "Why not have just a little tiny knot of forget-me nots  with   the gardenia. Oh, I'm shaw you'd like it." Thus flowed the oily current of the shop-lady, reaching his ear   as Liphook returned down the room. He could look again in the   only direction that won his eyes and his thoughts ; five minutes   had been killed ; there was time left him yet, for She had just   been seized with the idea that something with a little more brim   was really her style. After all, She craved no more than to be   loose at Félise's, amid the Spring models lit by a palely ardent   town sun, and Harold's cheque-book looming in the comfortable shadow of his pocket. At the back of each gilt and mirrored saloon was placed a work-table--in the manner of all hat-shops--surrounded by chairs in which, mostly with their backs to the shops sat the girls who were making up millinery ; their ages anywhere from sixteen to   twenty-one. Seldom did the construction of a masterpiece appear   to concern them ; but they were spangling things ; deftly turning   loops into bows, curling feathers, binding ospreys into close sheaves;   their heads all bent over their work, their neat aprons tied with   tape bows at the back, their dull hair half flowing and half coiled--   the inimitable manner of the London work girl--their pale faces   dimly perceived as they turned and whispered not too noisily: the   whole thing recalling the soft, quietly murmurous groups of   pigeons in the streets gathered about the scatterings of a cab-   horse's nose-bag. Sometimes shop-girls with elaborately distorted   hair came up and gave them disdainful-seeming orders ; but the flock of sober little pigeons murmured and pecked at its work and ruffled no plumage of tan-colour or slate. And one of them,   different from the others--how Liphook's eyes, in the brief looks he 28  An Idyll in Millinery he allowed himself, ate up the details of her guise. Dressed in something--dark-blue, it might have been--that fitted with a difference over her plump little figure; a fine and wide lawn collar spread over breast and shoulders ; a smooth head, with no tags and   ends upon the pale, yellow-tinted brow ; a head as sleek and as sweetly-coloured as the coat of the cupboard-mouse ; a face so   softly indented by its features, so fleckless, so  mat  in its flat tones,   so mignon in its delicate lack of prettiness as to be irresistible.   Lips, a dull greyish-pink, but tenderly curved at the pouting bow   and faithfully compressed at the dusk-downy corners--terribly   conscientious little lips that seemed as if never could they be kissed   to lighter humour. Eyes, with pale ash-coloured fringes, neither   long nor greatly curved, but so shy-shaped as ever eyes were ; eyes   that could only be imagined by Liphook, and he was sometimes of mind that they were that vaporous Autumn blue ; and at other times that they were liquid, brook-coloured hazel. But this was the maddest obsession that was riding him ! A   London workgirl in a West-end hat shop, a girl whose voice he had   never heard, near whom he had never, could never, come. And   Heaven forbid he should come near her; what did he want with   her ? Before Heaven, and all these hats and mirrors, Viscount   Liphook could have sworn he wanted nothing of her. Yet he loved   her completely, desperately, exclusively. What name was there for this feeling other than the name of love ? Soiled with all ignoble use, this name of love ; though to do him justice, Liphook was not   greatly to blame in that matter. He was but little acquainted   with the word ; he left it out of his  affaires de cœur , and very properly, for it did not enter into them. Still, his feeling for this girl, his craving for the sound of her voice, his eye fascinated by   her smallest movement, his yearning for the sense of her nearer presence--novel, inexplicable as this all was, might it not be love? He By Ménie Muriel Dowie  29 He stood there ; quiet, inexpressive of face, in jealous hope of-- what next ? And then She claimed his attention--in a whisper   which brought her head with its mahogany hair, and her face with   its ground-rice surface, close to his ear. She said : "You don't mind five, eh? It's a model--and--don't you   think it becomes me ? I do think this mushroom-coloured velvet   and just the three green orchids divine--and it's really very   quiet !" He assented, careful to look critically at the hat--a clever mass   of evilly-imagined, ill-assorted absurdities. He had looked too   long at that work-table, at that figure, at that face--he dropped   into a chair--let his stick fall between his knees and cast his eyes   to the mirror-empanelled ceiling ; there the heads, and feet of the   passers-by were seething grotesquely in a fashion that recalled the   Inferno of an old engraving. Well, it would be time to look again soon--ah ! she had risen ;   thank goodness, not a tall woman--(She was five foot nine)--  small, and indolent of outline. "I'll take it to the French milliner now, Madam, and she'll pin   a pink rose in for you to see !" It was a shop-woman speaking to some customer, who with a   hat in her hand, approached the work-table. "If you please, Mam'zelle Mélanie," she began, in a voice   meant to impress the customer, " would you pin in a rose for   Madam to try ? Madam thinks the pansy rather old-looking--"   &amp;c., &amp;c., &amp;c." The French milliner ; French, then ! And what a dear   innocent, young, crusty little face ! what delicious surliness : the   little brown bear that she was, growling and grumbling to do a   favour. Well, bless that woman--and the pansy that looked old--  he knew her name ; enough to recognise her by, enough to address a note 30  An Idyll in Millinery a note to her--and it should be a note ! A note that would bring   out a star in each grey eye--they were grey--after all. (The   grey of a lingering, promising, but unbestowing twilight.)   Reflecting, but unobservant, his glance left her face and focussed   the pale, fair, young Jew, who was seated, in frock coat and hat,   gloating over a pocket-book that had scraps of coloured silk   and velvet pinned in it. He recalled his wandering senses. " How much ? Eight ten?" " Well, I've taken a little black thing as well ; it happens to be  very reasonable. There, you don't mind ?" Mrs. Percival always   went upon the principle of appearing to be careful of other   people's money ; she found she got more of it that way. "My dear !--as long as you are pleased ! " It was weeks   since this tone had been possible to him. He scribbled a cheque   and they got away. " I know I've been an awful time, old boy," said the mahogany-   haired one, with rough good humour--the good humour of a vain   woman whose vanity has been fed. "Are you coming ?" "Er--no ; in fact, I'm going out of town, I shan't see you for   a bit--Oh, I wasn't very badly bored, thanks." She made no comment on his reply to her question ; her coarsely   pretty face hardly showed lines of relief, for it was not a mobile   face ; but she was pleased. "Glad you didn't fret. I'd never dreamt you'd be so good   about shopping. Yes, I'll take a cab. There is a call for 12.30,   and I see it is nearly one now." He put her into a nice-looking hansom, lifted his hat and   watched her drive away. Then he turned and looked into the   gaudy windows. His feelings were his own somehow, now that   She had left him. He smiled ; love warmed in him. Was the   old pansy gone and the pink rose in its place ? Had she pricked those By Ménie Muriel Dowie  31 those creamy yellow fingers in the doing of it ? No, she was   too deft. Tired, flaccid little fingers ! Was he never to think   of anything or anyone again, except Mam'zelle Mélanie ? II Now the mahogany-haired lady was not an actress : she was   nothing so common as an actress ; she belonged to a mysterious   class, but little understood, even if clearly realised, by the public. It   was not because she could not that she did not act ; she had never   tried to, there had been no question of capability--but she con-   sented to appear at a famous West-end burlesque theatre, to   oblige the manager who was a personal friend of long-standing.   She "went on" in the ball-room scene of a hoary but ever- popular "musical comedy," because there was--not a part--but a pretty gown to be filled, and because she was surprisingly handsome, and of very fine figure, and filled that gown amazingly   well. The two guineas a week that came her way at "Treasury"   went a certain distance in gloves and cab-fares, and the neces-   saries of life she had a different means of supplying. Let her   position be understood : she was a very respectable person : there   are degrees in respectability as in other things ; there was no fear   of vulgar unpleasantnesses with her and her admirers--if she had   them. Mr. John Holditch, the popular manager of several   theatres had a real regard for her ; in private she called him "Jock, old boy," and he called her "Mill"--because he recollected her  début;  but the public knew her as Miss Mildred Metcalf, and   her lady comrades in the dressing-room as Mrs. Percival, and it   was generally admitted by all concerned that she was equally   satisfactory under any of these styles. Oh, it will have been noticed 32  An Idyll in Millinery noticed and need not be insisted on, that Liphook called her   "my dear," and if it be not pushing the thing too far, I may add   that her mother spoke of her as "our Florrie." Liphook was a rich man whose occupation, when he was in   town, was the dividing of days between the club, his rooms in   Half Moon Street, his mother's house in Belgrave Square, and   Mrs. Percival's abode in Manfield Gardens, Kensington. The   only respect in which he differed from a thousand men of his   class was, that he had visited the hat shop of Madame Félise, in   the company of Mrs. Percival, and had conceived a genuine   passion for a little French milliner who sewed spangles on to   snippets of nothingness at a table in the back of the shop. The note had been written, had been answered. This answer,   in fine, sloping, uneducated French handwriting, upon thin,   lined, pink paper of the foreign character, had given Liphook a  ridiculous amount of pleasure. The club waiters, his mother's   butler, his man in Half Moon Street, these unimportant people   chiefly noted the uncontrollable bubbles of happiness that floated   to the surface of his impassive English face during the days that   followed the arrival of that answer. He didn't think anything in particular about it ; few men so open to the attractions of women   as this incident proves him, think anything in particular at all,   least of all, at so early a stage. He was not--for the sake of his   judges it must be urged--meaning badly any more than he was   definitely meaning well. He wasn't meaning at all. He cannot   be blamed, either. The world is responsible for this sense of   irresponsibility in men of the world--who are the world's sole   making. Herein he was true to type ; in so far as he did not think   what the girl meant by her answer, type was supported by   individual character. Liphook was not clever, and did not think   much or with any success, on any subject. And if he had he wouldn't By Ménie Muriel Dowie  33 wouldn't have hit the real reason ; only experience would have   told him that a French workgirl, from a love of pleasure and the   national measure of shrewd practicality combined, never refuses   the chance of a nice outing. She does not, like her English   sister, drag her virtue into the question at all. Never in his life, so it chanced, had Liphook gone forth to an   interview in such a frame of mind as on the day he was to meet   Mélanie outside the Argyll Baths in Great Marlboro' Street at   ten minutes past seven. Apart from the intoxicating perfume   that London seemed to breathe for him, and the gold motes that   danced in the dull air, there was the unmistakable resistant pres-   sure of the pavement against his feet (thus it seemed) which is   seldom experienced twice in a lifetime ; in the lifetime of such a   man as Liphook, usually never. The Argyll Baths, Great   Marlboro' Street : what a curious place for the child to have   chosen, and she would be standing there, pretending to look into   a shop window. Oh, of course, there were no shop windows to   speak of in Great Marlboro' Street. (He had paced its whole   length several times since the arrival of the pink glazed note).   What would she say ? What would she look like ? Her eyes, drooped or raised frankly to his, for instance ? That she would   not greet him with bold, meaning smile and common phrase he   knew--he felt. Dreaming and speculating, but wearing the   calm leisured air of a gentleman walking from one point to   another, he approached and--yes ! there she was ! A scoop-   shaped hat rose above the cream-yellow brow ; a big dotted veil   was loosely--was wonderfully--bound about it ; a little black   cape covered the demure lawn collar; quite French  bottines  peeped   below the dark-blue skirt. But--she was not alone, a man was   with her. A man whom, even at some distance, he could discern   to be unwelcome and unexpected, the pale fair young Jew in 34  An Idyll in Millinery in dapper frock-coat and extravagantly curved over-shiny hat. Loathsome-looking reptile he was, too, so thought Liphook as he   turned abruptly with savage scrape of his veering foot upon the   pavement, up Argyll Street. Perhaps she was getting rid of him;   it was only nine minutes past seven, anyhow ; perhaps he would   be gone in a moment. Odious beast ! In love with her, no   doubt ; how came it he had the wit to recognise her indescribable   charm ? (Liphook never paused to wonder how himself had   recognised it, though this was, in the circumstances, even more   remarkable). Anyway, judging by that look he remembered, she would not be unequal to rebuffing unwelcome attention. Liphook walked as far as Hengler's Circus and read the bills ;   the place was in occupation, it being early in March. He studied   the bill from top to bottom, then he turned slowly and retraced   his steps to the corner. Joy ! she was there and alone. His pace   quickened, his heart rose ; his face, a handsome face, was strung to   lines of pride, of passionate anticipation. He had greeted her ; he had heard her voice ; so soft--dear   Heaven ! so soft--in reply ; they had turned and were walking   towards Soho, and he knew no word of what had passed. "We will have a cab ; you will give me the pleasure of dining   with me. I have arranged it. Allow me." Perhaps these were   the  coherent words that he said. Then they drove along and   he said inevitable, valueless things in quick order, conscious of the   lovely interludes when her smooth tones, now wood-sweet, now   with a harp-like thrilling  timbre  in them, again with the viol--or   was it the lute-note?--a sharp dulcidity that made answer in him as   certainly as the tuning-fork compels its octave from the rosewood   board. The folds of the blue gown fell beside him ; the French   pointed feet, miraculously short-toed, rested on the atrocious straw   mat of the wretched hansom his blindness had brought him ; the scoop-hat By Ménie Muriel Dowie  35 scoop-hat knocked the wicked reeking lamp in the centre of the   cab ; the dotted veil, tied as only a French hand can tie a veil,   made more delectable the creams and twine-shades of the monoto-   nous-coloured kitten face. They drove, they arrived somewhere,   they dined, and then of all things, they went into a church, which   being open and permitting organ music to exude from its smut-   blackened walls, seemed less like London than any place they   might have sought. And it happened to be a Catholic Church, and he--yes, he   actually followed the pretty ways of her, near the grease-smeared   pecten shell with its holy water, that stuck from a pillar : some   Church oyster not uprooted from its ancient bed. And they sat   on  prie-dieus , in the dim incense-savoured gloom ; little un- aspiring lights seemed to be burning in dim places beyond ; and   sometimes there were voices, and sometimes these ceased again   and music filled the dream-swept world in which Liphook was   wrapped and veiled away. And they talked--at least she talked,   low murmurous recital about herself and her life, and every detail   sunk and expanded wondrously in the hot-bed of Liphook's abnor-   mally affected mind. The evening passed to night, and people   stepped about, and doors closed with a hollow warning sound that hinted at the end of lovely things, and they went out and he   left her at a door which was the back entrance to Madame   Félise's establishment ; but he had rolled back a grey lisle-thread   glove, and gathered an inexpressibly precious memory from the   touch of that small hand that posed roses instead of pansies all the   day. And of course he was to see her again. He had heard all   about her. How a year since she had been fetched from Paris at   the instance of Goldenmuth. Goldenmuth was the fair young   Jewish man in the frock-coat and supremely curved hat. He was The Yellow Book--Vol. X. C a "relative" 36  An Idyll in Millinery a "relative" of Madame Félise, and travelled for her, in a certain   sense, in Paris. He had seen Mélanie in an obscure corner of the Petit St. Thomas  when paying an airy visit to a lady in charge of   some department there. An idea had occurred to him ; in three days he arrived and made a proposition. He had conceived the   plan of transplanting this ideally French work-flower to the   London shop, and his plan had been a success. Her simple,   shrewd, much-defined little character clung to Mélanie in London,   as in Paris ; she had clever fingers, but beyond all, her appearance   which Goldenmuth had the art to appreciate, soft but marked and   unassailable by influence, told infinitely at that unobtrusive but   conspicuous work-table. Half mouse, half dove ; never to be vulgarised, never to be   destroyed. Mélanie had a family, worthy  épicier  of Nantes, her father ;   her mother, his invaluable book-keeper. Her sister Hortense, cashier at the Restaurant des Trois Epées ; her sister Albertine,   in the millinery like herself. Every detail delighted Liphook,   every word of her rapid incorrect London English sank into his   mind ; in the extraordinarily narrow circumscribed life that   Liphook had lived--that all the Liphooks of the world usually   do live--a little, naïvely-simple description of some quite different   life is apt to sound surprisingly interesting, and if it comes from   the lips of your Mélanie, why . . . . . But previous to the glazed pink note, if Liphook had crystal-   lised any floating ideas he might have had as to the nature   of the intimacy he expected, they would have tallied in no   particular with the reality. In his  letter had been certain   warmly-worded sentences ; at their interview when he had   interred two kisses below the lisle-thread glove, he had incohe-   rently murmured something lover-like. It had been too dark to see By Ménie Muriel Dowie  37 see Mélanie's face at the moment ; but when since, more than   once, he had attempted similar avowals she had put her head on   one side, raised her face, crinkled up the corners of the grey eyes,   and twisted quite alarmingly the lilac-pink lips. So there wasn't   much said about love or any such thing. After all, he could see   her three or four times a week ; on Sunday they often spent the   whole day together ; he could listen to her prattle ; he was a   silent fellow himself, having never learnt to talk and having   nothing to talk about ; he could, in hansoms and quiet places, tuck her hand within his arm and beam affectionately into her   face, and they grew always closer and closer to each other ; as camarades , still only as  camarades . She never spoke of Goldenmuth   except incidentally, and then very briefly ; and Liphook, who had   since seen the man with her in the street on two occasions, felt   very unanxious to introduce the subject ; after all he knew more   than he wanted to about it, he said to himself. It was obvious   enough. He had bought her two hats at Félise's ; he had begged   to do as much, and she had advised him which he should purchase,   and on evenings together she had looked ravishing beneath them. He knew many secrets of the hat trade ; he knew and delightedly laughed over half a hundred fictions Mélanie exploded ; he was in   a fair way to become a man-milliner ; even Goldenmuth could not   have talked more trippingly of the concomitants of capotes. One Sunday, when the sunniest of days had tempted them   down the river, he came suddenly into the private room where   they were to lunch and found her coquetting with her veil in   front of a big ugly mirror ; a mad sort of impulse took him, he   gripped her arms to her side, nipped her easily off the floor, bent   his head round the prickly fence of hat-brim and kissed her several   times ; she laughed with the low, fluent gurgle of water pushing   through a narrow passage. She said nothing, she only laughed. Somehow 38  An Idyll in Millinery Somehow, it disorganised Liphook. "Do you love me ? Do you love me ?" he asked rapidly, even   roughly, in the only voice he could command, and he shook her a   little. She put her head on one side and made that same sweet   crinkled-up kind of moue moquante , then she spread her palms out and shook them and laughed and ran away round the table.   "Est-ce que je sais, moi ?" she cried in French. Liphook didn't   speak. Oh, he understood her all right, but he was getting him-   self a little in hand . A man like Liphook has none of the   art of life ; he can't do figure-skating among his emotions like   your nervous, artistic-minded, intellectually trained man. After   that one outburst and the puzzlement that succeeded it, he was   silent, until he remarked upon the waiter's slowness in bringing up   luncheon. But he had one thing quite clear in his thick English   head, through which the blood was still whizzing and singing.   He wanted to kiss her again badly ; he was going to kiss her again at the  opportunity. But, of course, when he wasn't with her his mind varied in its  reflections. For instance, he had come home one night from   dining at Aldershot--a farewell dinner to his Colonel it was--  and he had actually caught himself saying : "I must get out of   it," meaning his affair with Mélanie. That was pretty early on,   when it had still seemed, particularly after being in the society   of worldly-wise friends who rarely, if ever, did anything foolish,   much less emotional, that he was making an ass of himself, or   was likely to if he didn't "get out of it." Now the thing had assumed a different aspect. He could not give her up ; under no circumstances could he contemplate giving her up ; well then,   why give her up ? She was only a little thing in a hat shop, she   would do very much better--yes, but, somehow he had a certain feeling By Ménie Muriel Dowie  39 feeling about her, he couldn't--well, in point of fact, he loved   her ; hang it, he respected her ; he'd sooner be kicked out of his   Club than say one word to her that he'd mind a fellow saying to   his sister. Thus the Liphook of March, '95, argued with the Liphook of   the past two and thirty years ! III Liphook's position was awkward--all the other Liphooks in the   world have said it was beastly awkward, supposing they could have   been made to understand it. To many another kind of man this   little love story might not have been inappropriate ; occurring in   the case of Liphook it was nothing less than melancholy. Not that   he felt melancholy about it, no indeed ; just sometimes, when he   happened to think how it was all going to end, he had rather a   bad moment, but thanks to his nature and training he did not   think often. Meantime, he had sent a diamond heart to Mrs. Percival ; there   was more sentiment about a heart than a horse-shoe ; women   looked at that kind of thing, and she would feel that he wasn't   cooling off ; so it had been a heart. That secured him several more   weeks of freedom at any rate, and he wouldn't have the trouble of   putting notes in the fire. For on receiving the diamond heart   Mrs. Percival behaved like a python after swallowing an antelope ;   she was torpid in satiety, and no sign came from her. But one morning Liphook got home to Half Moon Street after  his Turkish bath, and heard that a gentleman was waiting to see   him. "At least, hardly a gentleman, my lord ; I didn't put him in   the library," explained the intuitive Sims. Some 40  An Idyll in Millinery Some one from his tailor's with so-called "new" patterns, no   doubt ; well-- He walked straight into the room, never thinking, and he saw   Goldenmuth. The man had an offensive orchid in his buttonhole.   To say that Liphook was surprised is nothing ; he was astounded,   and too angry to call up any expression whatever to his face ; he   was rigid with rage. What in hell had Sims let the fellow in for ?   However, this was the last of Sims ; Sims would go. The oily little brute, with his odious hat in his hand, was speak-   ing ; was saying something about being fortunate in finding his   lordship, &amp;c. "Be good enough to tell me your business with me," said   Liphook, with undisguised savagery. Though he had asked him   to speak, he thought that when her name was mentioned he would   have to choke him. His rival--by gad, this little Jew beggar   was Liphook's rival. Goldenmuth hitched his sallow neck, as   leathery as a turtle's, in his high, burnished collar, and took his   pocket-book from his breast pocket--which meant that he was   nervous, and forgot that he was not calling upon a "wholesale   buyer," to whom he would presently show a pattern. He pressed   the book in both hands, and swayed forward on his toes--swayed   into hurried speech. "Being interested in a young lady whom your lordship has   honoured with your attentions lately, I called to 'ave a little   talk." The man had an indescribable accent, a detestable fluency,   a smile which nearly warranted you in poisoning him, a manner   --! There was silence. Liphook waited ; the snap with   which he bit off four tough orange-coloured hairs from his mous-   tache, sounded to him like the stroke of a hammer in the street. Then an idea struck him. He put a question : "What has it got to do with you ?" "I am By Ménie Muriel Dowie  41 "I am interested--" "So am I. But I fail to see why you should mix yourself up   with my affairs." "Madame Félise feels--" "What's she got to do with it?" Liphook tossed out his   remarks with the nakedest brutality. "The lady is in her employment and--" "Look here ; say what you've got to say, or go," burst from   Liphook, with the rough bark of passion. He had his hands be-  hind his back ; he was holding one with the other in the fear that   they might get away from him, as it were. His face was still im-  mobile, but the crooks of two veins between the temples and the   eye corners stood up upon the skin ; his impassive blue eyes   harboured sullen hatred. He saw the whole thing. That old   woman had sent her dirty messenger to corner him, to "ask his intentions," to get him to give himself away, to make some pro-  mise. It was a kind of blackmail they had in view. The very   idea of such creatures about Mélanie would have made him sick at   another time ; now he felt only disgust, and the rising obstinacy   about committing himself at the unsavory instance of Goldenmuth.   After all, they couldn't take Mélanie from him ; she was free, she   could go into another shop ; he could marry . . . . Stop--  madness ! "Mademoiselle Mélanie is admitted to be most attractive--  others have observed it--" "You mean you have," sneered Liphook ; in the most un-   gentlemanly manner, it must be allowed. "I must bring to the notice of your lordship," said the Jew,   with the deference of a man who knows he is getting his point,   "that so young as Mademoiselle is, and so innocent, she is not   fitted to understand business questions ; and her parents being at a distance 42  An Idyll in Millinery a distance it falls to Madame Félise and myself to see that--  excuse me, my lord, but we know what London is !--that her   youth is not misled." "Who's misleading her youth ?" Liphook burst out ; and his   schoolboy language detracted nothing from the energy with which   he spoke. "You can take my word here and now that she is in   every respect as innocent as I found her. And now," with a   sudden reining in of his voice, "we have had enough of this talk.   If you are the lady's guardians you may reassure yourselves : I am   no more to her than a friend : I have not sought to be any more."   Liphook moved in conclusion of the interview. "Your lordship is very obliging ; but I must point out that a   young and ardent girl is likely, in the warmth of her affection, to   be precipitate--that we would protect her from herself." "About this I have nothing to say, and will hear nothing,"   exclaimed Liphook, hurriedly. Goldenmuth used the national gesture ; he bent his right   elbow, turned his right hand palm upwards and shook it softly to   and fro. "Perhaps even I have noticed it. I am not insensible !" Liphook had never heard a famous passage--he neither read nor   looked at Shakespeare, so this remark merely incensed him.   "But," went on the Jew, "since she came to England--for I   brought her--I have made myself her protector--" "You're a liar !" said Liphook, who was a very literal person. "Oh, my lord !--I mean in the sense of being kind to her and   looking after her, with Madame Félise's entire approval ; so   when I noticed the marked attentions of a gentleman like your   lordship--" "You're jealous," put in Liphook, again quite inexcusably.   But it would be impossible to over-estimate his contempt for this man. By Ménie Muriel Dowie  43 man. Belonging to the uneducated section of the upper class he   was a man of the toughest prejudices on some points. One of   these was that all Jews were mean, scurvy devils at bottom and   that no kind of consideration need be shown them. Avoid them   as you would a serpent ; when you meet them, crush them as you   would a serpent. He'd never put it into words ; but that is   actually what poor Liphook thought, or at any rate it was the   dim idea on which he acted. "Your lordship is making a mistake," said Goldenmuth with a   flush. "I am not here in my own interest ; I am here to act on   behalf of the young lady." Had the heavens fallen ? In  her   interest ? Then Mélanie ? Never ! As if a Thing like this   could speak the truth ! "Who sent you ?" Liphook always went to the point. "Madame Félise and I talked it over and agreed that I should   make it convenient to call. We have both a great regard for   Mademoiselle ; we feel a responsibility--a responsibility to her   parents." What was all this about ? Liphook was too bewildered to   interrupt even. "Naturally, we should like to see Mademoiselle in a position,   an assured position for which she is every way suited." So it was as he thought. They wanted to rush a proposal. Must  he chaffer with them at all ? "I can tell you that if I had anything to propose I should   write it to the lady herself," he said. "We are not anxious to come between you. I may say I have enquired--my interest in Mademoiselle has led me to enquire-- and Madame Félise and I think it would be in every way a   suitable connection for her. Your lordship must feel that we   regard her as no common girl ; she deserves to be  lancée in the right 44  An Idyll in Millinery right manner ; a settlement--an establishment--some indication that the connection will be fairly permanent, or if not, that suitable-- "Is  that   what you are driving at, you dog, you?" cried   Liphook, illuminated at length and boiling with passion. "So you want to sell her to me and take your blasted commission ?   Get out of my house !" He grew suddenly quiet ; it was an   ominous change. "Get out, this instant, before-- Goldenmuth was gone, the street door banged. "God ! God !" breathed Liphook with his hand to his wet   brow, "what a hellish business !" *  *  *  *  * It was nine o'clock when Liphook came in that night. He   did not know where he had been, he believed he had had   something in the nature of dinner, but he could not have said   exactly where he had had it. Sims handed him a note. He recognised a friend's hand and read the four lines it   contained. "When did Captain Throgmorton come, then ?" "Came in about three to 'alf past, my lord ; he asked me if   your lordship had any engagement to-night, and said he would   wait at the Club till quarter past eight and that he should dine at   the Blue Posts after that." "I see; well," he reflected a moment, "Sims, pack my   hunting things, have everything at St. Pancras in time for the ten   o'clock express, and," he reflected again, " Sims, I want you to   take a note--no, never mind. That'll do." "V'ry good, my lord." Yes, he'd go. Jack Throgmorton was the most companionable   man in the world--he was so silent. Liphook and he had been at By Ménie Muriel Dowie  45 at Sandhurst together, they had joined the same regiment. Lip-   hook had sent in his papers rather than stand the fag of India ;   Throgmorton had "taken his twelve hundred" rather than stand   the fag of anywhere. He was a big heavy fellow with a marked   difficulty in breathing, also there was fifteen stone of him. His   round eyes, like "bulls'-eyes," the village children's best-loved   goodies, stuck out of a face rased to an even red resentment.   He had the hounds somewhere in Bedfordshire. His friends liked him enormously, so did his enemies. To say that he was stupid   does not touch the fringe of a description of him. He had never   had a thought of his own, nor an idea ; all the same, in any Club   quarrel, or in regard to a point of procedure, his was an opinion   other men would willingly stand by. At this moment in his   life, a blind instinct taught Liphook to seek such society ; no one   could be said to sum up more completely--perhaps because so   unconsciously--the outlook of Liphook's world, which of late he   had positively begun to forget. The thing was bred into   Throgmorton by sheer, persistent sticking to the strain, and it came   out of him again mechanically, automatically, distilled through   his dim brain a triple essence. The kind of man clever people   have found it quite useless to run down, for it has been proved again and again that if he can only be propped up in the right   place at the right moment, you'll never find his equal  in that   place. Altogether, a handsome share in "the secret of England's   greatness" belongs to him. The two men met on the platform beside a pile of kit-bags and suit cases, all with Viscount Liphook's   name upon them in careful uniformity. Sims might have had   the administration of an empire's affairs upon his mind, whereas   he was merely chaperoning more boots and shirts than any one   man has a right to possess. "You didn't come last night," said Captain Throgmorton, as though 46  An Idyll in Millinery though he had only just realised the fact. He prefaced the re-  mark by his favourite ejaculation which was "Harr-rr"-- he pre-   faced every remark with "Harr-rr"--on a cold day it was not   uninspiriting if accompanied by a sharp stroke of the palms ; in   April it was felt to be somewhat out of season. But Captain   Throgmorton merely used it as a means of getting his breath and   his voice under way. "Pity," he went on, without noticing   Liphook's silence ; "good bone." This summed up the dinner with its famous marrow-bones, at the Blue Posts. They got in. Each opened a  Morning Post . Over the top of   this fascinating sheet they flung friendly brevities from time to time. "Shan't have more than a couple more days to rattle 'em   about," Captain Throgmorton remarked, after half an hour's   silence, and a glance at the flying hedges. Liphook began to come back into his world. After all it was   a comfortable world. Yet had an angel for a time transfigured it,   ah dear ! how soft that angel's wings, if he might be folded within   them . . . . old world, dear, bad old world, you might roll by. They were coming home from hunting next day. Each man   bent ungainly in his saddle ; their cords were splashed ; the going   had been heavy, and once it had been hot as well, but only for a   while. Then they had hung about a lot, and though they found   three times, they hadn't killed. Liphook was weary. When   Throgmorton stuck his crop under his thigh, hung his reins on it, and lit a cigar, Liphook was looking up at the sky, where dolorous clouds of solid purple splotched a background of orange, flame-colour and rose. Throgmorton's peppermint eye rolled   slowly round when it left his cigar-tip ; he knew that when a   man--that is, a man of Liphook's sort is found staring at a thing   like the sunset there is a screw loose somewhere. "Wha' By Ménie Muriel Dowie  47 "Wha' is it, Harold ?" he said, on one side of his cigar. Liphook made frank answer. "What's she done then?" "Oh, Lord, it isn't  her ." "'Nother ?" said Jack, without any show of surprise, and got   his answer again. "What sort ?" This was very difficult, but Liphook shut his   eyes and flew it. "How old ?" "Twenty," said Liphook, and felt a rapture rising. "Jack, man," he exclaimed, under the influence or the flame   and rose, no doubt, "what if I were to marry ?" Throgmorton was not, as has been indicated, a person of fine   fibre. "Do, and be done with 'em," said he. And after all, as   far as it went, it was sound enough advice. "I mean marry her," Liphook explained, and the explanation   cost him a considerable expenditure of pluck. An emotional man would have fallen off his horse--if the horse   would have let him. Jack's horse never would have let him.   Jack said nothing for a moment ; his eye merely seemed to swell ;   then he put another question : "Earl know about it ?" "By George, I should say not!" "Harr-rr." That meant that the point would be resolved in the curiously   composed brain of Captain Throgmorton, and by common con-  sent not another word was said on the matter. Two 48  An Idyll in Millinery IV Two days had gone by. Liphook's comfortable sense of having   acted wisely in coming out of town to think the thing over still   supported him, ridiculous though it seems. For of course he was   no more able to think anything over than a Hottentot. Think-  ing is not a natural process at all ; savage men never knew of it,   and many people think it quite as dangerous as it is unnatural. It   has become fashionable to learn thinking, and some forms of education undertake to teach it ; but Liphook had never gone   through those forms of education. After all, to understand Lip-   hook, one must admit that he approximated quite as nearly to the   savage as to the civilised and thinking man, if not more nearly.   His appetites and his habits were mainly savage, and had he lived   in savage times he would not have been touched by a kind of love   for which he was never intended, and his trouble would not have   existed. However, he was as he was, and he was thinking things   over ; that is, he was waiting and listening for the most forceful of   his instincts to make itself heard, and he had crept like a dumb   unreasoning animal into the burrow of his kind, making one last effort to be of them. At the end of the week his loudest instinct   was setting up a roar ; there could be no mistaking it. He loved   her. He could not part from her ; he must get back to her ; he   must make her his and carry her off. "Sorry to be leaving you, Jack," he said one morning at the   end of the week. They were standing looking out of the hall door   together and it was raining. "But I find I must go up this   morning." Throgmorton rolled a glance at him, then armed him into the   library and shut the door. "What By Ménie Muriel Dowie  49 "What are you going to do ?" "Marry her." There was a silence. They stood there, the closest feeling of   friendship between them, not saying a word. "My dear Harold," said Throgmorton at length, with much   visible and more invisible effort ; he put a hand heavily on   Liphook's shoulder and blew hard in his mute emotion. Then he   put his other hand on Liphook's other shoulder. Liphook kept   his eyes down ; he was richly conscious of all Jack was mutely   saying ; he felt the weight of every unspoken argument ; the moment was a long one, but for both these slow-moving minds a   very crowded moment. "Come to the Big Horn Mountains with me," Throgmorton   remarked suddenly, "--and--har-rr write to her from   there." He was proud of this suggestion ; he knew the value of a really   remote point to write from. It was always one of the  things   to give your mind to, the choice of a geographically well-nigh   inaccessible point to write from.  you found it, then you   went to it, and when you got there, by Jove, you didn't need to   write at all. Liphook smiled in impartial recognition of his   friend's wisdom, but shook his head. "Thanks," he said. "I've thought it all over"--he genuinely   believed he had--"and I'm going to marry her. Jack, old man, I   love her like the very devil !" In spite of the grotesqueness of the phrase, the spirit in it was   worth having. Throgmorton's hands came slowly off his friend's shoulders.   He walked to the window, took out a very big handkerchief and   dried his head. He seemed to look out at the dull rain battering   on the gravel and digging yellow holes. "I'll 50  An Idyll in Millinery "I'll drive you to meet the 11.15," he said at last and went out   of the room. Liphook put up his arms and drew a deep breath ; it had been   a stiff engagement. He felt tired. But no, not tired. Roll by,   O bad old world--he has chosen the angel's wing ! Not one word had passed about Goldenmuth, Madame Félise,   or the astounding interview ; a man like Liphook can always hold   his tongue ; one of his greatest virtues. Besides, why should he   ever think or breathe the names of those wretches again ? Jack   Throgmorton, in his splendid ignorance, would have been unable   to throw light upon the real motive of these simple, practical   French people. Liphook to his dying day would believe they had   given proof of hideous iniquity, while in reality they were actuated   by a very general belief of the  bourgeoise , that to be "established,"   with settlements, as the mistress of a viscount, is quite as good as   becoming the wife of a grocer. They had been, perhaps, wicked,   but innocently wicked ; for they acted according to their belief,   in the girl's best interest. Unfortunately they had had an im-  practicable Anglais to deal with and had had to submit to insult ;   in their  encounter, they had been worsted by British brute stupidity. With a constant dull seething of impulses that quite possessed   him, he got through the time that had to elapse before he could   hear from her in reply to his short letter. He had done with   thinking. A chance meeting with his father on the sunny side   of Pall Mall one morning did not even disquiet him. His every   faculty, every fibre was in thrall to his great passion. The rest   of life seemed minute, unimportant, fatuous, a mass of trivial futilities. There were two things in the world, and two only. There   was Mélanie, and there was love. Ah, yes, and there was time ! "Why By Ménie Muriel Dowie  51 Why did she not answer ? A note from the bonnet-shop, re-enclosing his own, offered an   explanation that entered like a frozen knife-blade into Liphook's   heart. She had left. She was gone. Gone altogether, for good. Absurd ! Did they suppose they could--oh, a higher price   was what they wanted. He'd go; by God he'd give it. Was he   not going to marry her ? He hurried to the hat-shop ; he dropped   into the chair he had occupied when last in the shop, let his stick   fall between his knees and stared before him into the mirrored   walls. All the same tangled scene of passing people, customers,   shop-women and brilliant millinery was reflected in them ; only   the bright hats islanded and steady among this ugly fluctuation.   Pools of fretful life, these circular mirrors ; garish, discomfiting   to gaze at ; stirred surely by no angel unless the reflection of the   mouse-maiden should ever cross their surfaces. Fifteen minutes later he was standing gazing at the horrid clock   and ornaments in ormolu that stood on the mantel-piece of the red   velvet salon where he waited for Madame Félise. She came. Her bow was admirable. "I wrote to Mademoiselle, and my letter has been returned.  The note says she has gone." Liphook's schoolboy bluntness   came out most when he was angry. "Where has she gone ?   And why ?" "Aha ! Little Mademoiselle ! Yes, indeed, she has left us   and how sorry we are !  Chère petite!  But what could we do ?   We would have kept her, but her parents--" A shrug and a   smile punctuated the sentence. "What about her parents ?" "They had arranged for her an alliance--what would you   have ?--we had to let her go. And the rezponsibility--after all--" The Yellow Book--Vol. X. D "What 52  An Idyll in Millinery "What sort of an alliance ?" The dog-like note was in his voice   again. "But--an alliance ! I believe very good ; a  charpentier --a charcutier , I forget--but  bien solide! " "Do you mean you have sold her to some French-- "Ah, my lord ! how can you speak such things ? Her parents   are most rezpectable, she has always been most rezpectable--  naturally we had more than once felt anxious here in   London--" "I wish to marry her," said Liphook curtly, and he said it   still, though he believed her to have been thrust upon a less   reputable road. It was his last, his greatest triumph over his   world. It fitted him nobly for the shelter of the angel's wing.   He had learned the worst--and-- "I wish to marry her," said Liphook. "Hélas !--but she is married !" shrieked Madame Félise in a   mock agony of regret, but with surprise twinkling in her little   black eyes. "Married !" shouted Liphook. "Impossible !" "Ask Mr. Goldenmuth, he was at the wedding." Madame   laughed ; the true explanation of my lord's remarkable statement   had just struck her. It was a  ruse;  an English  ruse . She   laughed very much, and it sounded and looked most unpleasant. "His lordship was--a  little  unfriendly--a little too--too   reserved--not to tell us, not even to tell Mademoiselle herself   that he desired to  marry her," she said with villainous archness. Liphook strode to the door. Yes, why, why had he not ? "I will find her ; I know where her relatives live." If it is a   lie-- I'll make you sorry--" Fi donc , what a word ! The ceremony at the  Mairie was   on Thursday last." They By Ménie Muriel Dowie  53 They were going downstairs and had to pass through the showrooms--quite near--ah, quite near--the table where the little grey and brown pigeons sat clustered, where the one ring-  dove had sat too. "It is sometimes the fate of a lover who thinks too long,"   Madame was saying, with an air of much philosophy. "But see   now, if my lord would care to send a little souvenir"--Madame   reached hastily to a model on a stand--" comme cadeau de noce  here   is something quite  exquis! " She kissed the tips of her brown   fingers--inimitably, it must be allowed. "So simple, so young, so innocent--I could pose a little  noeud of myosotis . Coming from   my lord, it would be so delicate !" Liphook was in a shop. There were people about. He was a   lover, he was a fool, he was a gentleman. "Er--thank you--not to-day," he said ; the air of the world   he had repudiated came back to him. And a man like Liphook   doesn't let you see when he is hit. That is the beauty of him.   He knew it was true, but he would go to Paris ; yes, though he   knew it was true. He would not, could not see her. But he   would go. He stood a moment in the sun outside the shop, its windows   like gardens behind him ; its shop-ladies like evil-eyed reptiles in   these gardens. The carpets, the mirrors on the wall, the tables   at the back--and it was here he had  seen the tip and heard   the flutter of an angel's wing ! "Lord Liphook," said a voice, "what an age . . . ." He turned and lifted his hat. His world had claimed him. D'Outre tombe By   Rosamund Marriott-Watson BESIDE my grave, if chance should ever bring you, You, peradventure, on some dim Spring day, What song of welcome could my blackbird sing you, As once in May ? As once in May, when all the birds were calling, Calling and crying through the soft Spring rain, As once in Autumn with the dead leaves falling In wood and lane. I, in my grave, and you, above, remember-- And yet between us what is there to say?-- In Death's disseverance, wider than December Disparts from May. I with the dead, and you among the living, In separate camps we sojourn, unallied ; Life is unkind and Death is unforgiving, And both divide. Babies and Brambles By The Invisible Prince By  Henry Harland AT a masked ball given by the Countess Wohenhoffen, in   Vienna, during carnival week, a year ago, a man draped in   the embroidered silks of a Chinese mandarin, his features entirely   concealed by an enormous Chinese head in cardboard, was standing   in the Wintergarten, the big, dimly lighted conservatory, near the   door of one of the gilt-and-white reception rooms, rather a stolid-   seeming witness of the multi-coloured romp within, when a voice   behind him said, "How do you do, Mr. Field ?"--a woman's   voice, an English voice. The mandarin turned round. From a black mask, a pair of blue-grey eyes looked into his   broad, bland Chinese visage ; and a black domino dropped him an   extravagant little courtesy. "How do you do ?" he responded. "I'm afraid I'm not Mr.   Field ; but I'll gladly pretend I am, if you'll stop and talk with   me. I was dying for a little human conversation." "Oh, you're afraid you're not Mr. Field, are you ?" the mask   replied derisively. "Then why did you turn when I called his   name ?" "You mustn't hope to disconcert me with questions like that,"   said he. "I turned because I liked your voice." He 60  The Invisible Prince He might quite reasonably have liked her voice, a delicate, clear,   soft voice, somewhat high in register, with an accent, crisp,   chiselled, concise, that suggested wit as well as distinction. She   was rather tall, for a woman ; one could divine her slender and   graceful, under the voluminous folds of her domino. She moved a little away from the door, deeper into the con-  servatory. The mandarin kept beside her. There, amongst the   palms, a  fontaine lumineuse  was playing, rhythmically changing   colour. Now it was a shower of rubies ; now of emeralds or   amethysts, of sapphires, topazes, of opals. "How pretty," she said, "and how frightfully ingenious. I am   wondering whether this wouldn't be a good place to sit down.   What do  you  think ?" And she pointed with her fan to a rustic bench. "I think it would be no more than fair to give it a trial," he   assented. So they sat down on the rustic bench, by the  fontaine lumineuse  . "In view of your fear that you're not Mr. Field, it's rather a  coincidence that at a masked ball in Vienna you should just   happen to be English, isn't it ?" she asked. "Oh, everybody's more or less English, in these days, you know,"   said he. "There's some truth in that," she admitted, with a laugh.   "What a diverting piece of artifice this Wintergarten is, to be   sure. Fancy arranging the electric lights to shine through a   dome of purple glass, and look like stars. They do look like stars,   don't they ? Slightly over-dressed, showy stars, indeed ; stars in   the German taste ; but stars, all the same. Then, by day, you   know, the purple glass is removed, and you get the sun--the real   sun. Do you notice the delicious fragrance of lilac ? If one hadn't By Henry Harland  61 hadn't too exacting an imagination, one might almost persuade   oneself that one was in a proper open-air garden, on a night in   May. . . . Yes, everybody is more or less English, in these days.   That's precisely the sort of thing I should have expected Victor   Field to say." "By-the-bye," questioned the mandarin, "if you don't mind   increasing my stores of knowledge, who  is  this fellow Field ? " "This fellow Field ? Ah, who indeed?" said she. "That's   just what I wish you'd tell me." "I'll tell you with pleasure, after you've supplied me with the   necessary data." "Well, by some accounts, he's a little literary man in London." "Oh, come ! You never imagined that I was a little literary   man in London." "You might be worse. However, if the phrase offends you, I'll   say a rising young literary man, instead. He writes things, you   know." "Poor chap, does he ? But then, that's a way they have, rising   young literary persons ?" "Doubtless. Poems and stories and things. And book re-  views, I suspect. And even, perhaps, leading articles in the   newspapers." " Toute la lyre enfin ?  What they call a penny-a-liner ?" "I'm sure I'don t know what he's paid. I should think he'd   get rather more than a penny. He's fairly successful. The things   he does aren't bad." "I must look 'em up. But meantime, will you tell me how   you came to mistake me for him ? Has he the Chinese type ?   Besides, what on earth should a little London literary man be doing   at the Countess Wohenhoffen's ?" "He was standing near the door, over there, dying for a little human 62  The Invisible Prince human conversation, till I took pity on him. No, he hasn't   exactly the Chinese type, but he's wearing a Chinese costume,   and I should suppose he'd feel uncommonly hot in that exasperat-   ingly placid Chinese head. I'm  nearly suffocated, and I'm only   wearing a  loup . For the rest, why  shouldn't  he be here ? "If your  loup  bothers you, pray take it off. Don't mind   me." "You're extremely good. But if I should take off my  loup  ,   you'd be sorry. Of course, manlike, you're hoping that I'm young   and pretty." "Well, and aren't you?" "I'm a perfect fright. I'm an old maid." "Thank you. Manlike, I confess, I  was  hoping you'd be young and pretty. Now my hope has received the strongest confirmation. I'm sure you are." "Your argument, with a meretricious air of subtlety, is facile   and superficial. Don't pin your faith to it. "Why  shouldn't  Victor   Field be here ?" "The Countess only receives tremendous swells. It's the most   exclusive house in Europe." "Are you a tremendous swell ?" "Rather ! Aren't you ?" She laughed a little, and stroked her fan, a big fan of fluffy black feathers. "That's very jolly," said he. "What ?" said she. "That thing in your lap." "My fan ?" "I expect you'd call it a fan." "For goodness' sake, what would  you  call it ?" "I should call it a fan." She By Henry Harland  63 She gave another little laugh. "You have a nice instinct for   the  mot juste ," she informed him. "Oh, no," he disclaimed, modestly. "But I can call a fan   a fan, when I think it won't shock the sensibilities of my   hearer." "If the Countess only receives tremendous swells," said she,   "you must remember that Victor Field belongs to the Aristocracy   of Talent." "Oh, quant à ça  , so, from the Wohenhoffen's point of view, do   the barber and the horse-leech. In this house, the Aristocracy of Talent dines with the butler." "Is the Countess such a snob ?" "No ; she's an Austrian. They draw the line so absurdly   tight in Austria." "Well, then, you leave me no alternative but to conclude that   Victor Field is a tremendous swell. Didn't you notice, I bobbed   him a courtesy ?" "I took the courtesy as a tribute to my Oriental magnificence.   Field doesn't sound like an especially patrician name. I'd give   anything to discover who you are. Can't you be induced to tell   me ? I'll bribe, entreat, threaten--I'll do anything you think   might persuade you." "I'll tell you at once, if you'll own up that you're Victor   Field." "Oh, I'll own up that I'm Queen Elizabeth if you'll tell me   who you are. The end justifies the means." "Then you  are  Victor Field ?" "If you don't mind suborning perjury, why should I mind   committing it ? Yes. And now, who are you ?" "No ; I must have an unequivocal avowal. Are you or are   you not Victor Field ?" "Let 64  The Invisible Prince "Let us put it at this, that I'm a good serviceable imitation ;   an excellent substitute when the genuine article is not procur-   able." "Of course, your real name isn't anything like Victor Field,"   she declared pensively. "I never said it was. But I admire the way in which you give   with one hand and take back with the other." "Your real name is .... Wait a moment .... Yes,   now I have it. Your real name .... It's rather long. You   don't think it will bore you ?" "Oh, if it's really my real name, I daresay I'm hardened to it." "Your real name is Louis Charles Ferdinand Stanislas John   Joseph Emmanuel Maria Anna." "Mercy upon me," he cried, "what a name ! You ought to   have broken it to me in instalments. And it's all Christian name   at that. Can't you spare me just a little rag of a surname, for   decency's sake ?" "The surnames of royalties don't matter, Monseigneur." "Royalties ? What ? Dear me, here's rapid promotion ! I   am royal now ? And a moment ago I was a little penny-a-liner   in London." " L'un n'empéche pas l'autre . Have you never heard the story   of the Invisible Prince ?" "I adore irrelevancy. I seem to have read something about an   invisible prince when I was young. A fairy tale, wasn't it ?" "The irrelevancy is only apparent. The story I mean is a   story of real life. Have you ever heard of the Duke of Zeln ?" "Zeln ? Zeln ?" he repeated, reflectively. "No, I don't   think so." She clapped her hands. "Really, you do it admirably. If I   weren't perfectly sure of my facts, I believe I should be taken in. Zeln, By Henry Harland  65 Zeln, as any history would tell you, as any old atlas would show   you, was a little independent duchy in the centre of Germany." "Poor, dear thing ! Like Jonah in the centre of the whale,"   he murmured, sympathetically. "Hush. Don't interrupt. Zeln was a little independent   German duchy, and the Duke of Zeln was its sovereign. After   the war with France it was absorbed by Prussia. But the ducal   family still rank as royal highnesses. Of course, you've heard of   the Leczinskis ?" "Lecz----what ?" "Leczinski." "How do you spell it ?" "L--e--c--z--i--n--s--k--i." "Good. Capital. You have a real gift for spelling." "Will you be quiet," she said, severely, "and answer my   question ? Are you familiar with the name ?" "I should never venture to be familiar with a name I didn't   know." "Ah, you don't know it ? You have never heard of Stanislas   Leczinski, who was king of Poland ? Of Marie Leczinska, who   married Louis XV. ?" "Oh, to be sure. I remember. The lady whose portrait one   sees at Versailles." "Quite so. Very well ; the last representative of the Lec-   zinskis, in the elder line, was the Princess Anna Leczinska, who,   in 1858, married the Duke of Zeln. She was the daughter of   John Leczinski, Duke of Grodnia, and governor of Galicia, and   of the Archduchess Henrietta d'Este, a cousin of the Emperor of   Austria. She was also a great heiress, and an extremely hand-   some woman. But the Duke of Zeln was a bad lot, a viveur, a gambler, a spendthrift. His wife, like a fool, made her entire fortune 66  The Invisible Prince fortune over to him, and he proceeded to play ducks and drakes   with it. By the time their son was born he'd got rid of the last   farthing. Their son wasn't born till '63, five years after their   marriage. Well, and then, what do you suppose the duke did ? " "Reformed, of course. The wicked husband always reforms   when a child is born--and there's no more money." "You know perfectly well what he did. He petitioned the   German Diet to annul the marriage. You see, having exhausted   the dowry of the Princess Anna, it occurred to him that if she   could only be got out of the way, he might marry another heiress,   and have the spending of another fortune." "Clever dodge. Did it come off? " "It came off, all too well. He based his petition on the ground   that the marriage had never been--I forget what the technical   term is. Anyhow, he pretended that the princess had never been   his wife except in name, and that the child couldn't possibly be   his. The Emperor of Austria stood by his connection, like the   loyal gentleman he is ; used every scrap of influence he possessed   to help her. But the duke, who was a Protestant (the princess   was of course a Catholic), persuaded all the Protestant States in   the Diet to vote in his favour. The Emperor of Austria was powerless, the Pope was powerless. And the Diet annulled the   marriage." "Ah," said the mandarin. "Yes. The marriage was annulled, and the child declared   illegitimate. Ernest Augustus, as the duke was somewhat incon-   sequently named, married again, and had other children, the eldest   of whom is the present bearer of the title--the same Duke of   Zeln one hears of, quarrelling with the croupiers at Monte Carlo.   The Princess Anna, with her baby, came to Austria. The   Emperor gave her a pension, and lent her one of his country houses By Henry Harland  67 houses to live in--Schloss Sanct Andreas. Our hostess, by-the-   bye, the Countess Wohenhoffen, was her intimate friend and her première dame d'honneur  ." " Ah," said the mandarin. "But the poor princess had suffered more than she could bear.   She died when her child was four years old. The Countess   Wohenhoffen took the infant, by the Emperor's desire, and   brought him up with her own son Peter. He was called Prince   Louis Leczinski. Of course, in all moral right, he was the Hereditary Prince of Zeln. His legitimacy, for the rest, and his mother's innocence, are perfectly well established, in every sense   but a legal sense, by the fact that he has all the physical charac-   teristics of the Zeln stock. He has the Zeln nose and the Zeln   chin, which are as distinctive as the Hapsburg lip." "I hope, for the poor young man's sake, though, that they're   not so unbecoming ?" "They're not exactly pretty. The nose is a thought too long,   the chin is a trifle short. However, I daresay the poor young   man is satisfied. As I was about to tell you, the Countess   Wohenhoffen brought him up, and the Emperor destined him for   the Church. He even went to Rome and entered the Austrian   College. He'd have been on the high road to a cardinalate by this time, if he'd stuck to the priesthood, for he had strong interest. But, lo and behold, when he was about twenty, he chucked the   whole thing up." "Ah ?  Histoire de femme ? " "Very likely, though I've never heard any one say so. At all   events, he left Rome, and started upon his travels. He had no   money of his own, but the Emperor made him an allowance. He   started upon his travels, and he went to India, and he went to   America, and he went to South Africa, and then, finally, in '87 or 68  The Invisible Prince or '88, he went--no one knows where. He totally disappeared,   vanished into space. He's not been heard of since. Some people   think he's dead. But the greater number suppose that he tired   of his false position in the world, and one fine day determined to   escape from it, by sinking his identity, changing his name, and   going in for a new life under new conditions. They call him the   Invisible Prince. His position  was  rather an ambiguous one,   wasn't it ? You see, he was neither one thing nor the other.   He had no  état-civil  . In the eyes of the law he was a bastard,   yet he knew himself to be the legitimate son of the Duke of   Zeln. He was a citizen of no country, yet he was the rightful   heir to a throne. He was the last descendant of Stanislas   Leczinski, yet it was without authority that he bore his name.   And then, of course, the rights and wrongs of the matter were   only known to a few. The majority of people simply remem- bered that there had been a scandal. And (as a wag once said of   him) wherever he went, he left his mother's reputation behind   him. No wonder he found the situation irksome. Well, there   is the story of the Invisible Prince." "And a very exciting, melodramatic little story, too. For my   part, I suspect your Prince met a boojum. I love to listen to   stories. Won't you tell me another ? Do, please." "No, he didn't meet a boojum. He went to England, and set   up for an author. The Invisible Prince and Victor Field are one   and the same person." "Oh, I say! Not really ?" "Yes, really." "What makes you think so ?" "I'm sure of it. To begin with, I must confide to you that   Victor Field is a man I've never met." "Never met . . . . ? But, by the blithe way in which you were By Henry Harland  69 were laying his sins at my door, a little while ago, I supposed you   were sworn confederates." "What's the good of masked balls, if you can't talk to people   you've never met ? I've never met him, but I'm one of his   admirers. I like his little poems. And I'm the happy possessor   of a portrait of him. It's a print after a photograph. I cut it   from an illustrated paper." "I really almost wish I  was  Victor Field. I should feel such   a glow of gratified vanity." "And the Countess Wohenhoffen has at least twenty portraits   of the Invisible Prince--photographs, miniatures, life-size paint-   ings, taken from the time he was born, almost, to the time of his   disappearance. Victor Field and Louis Leczinski have counten-   ances as like each other as two halfpence." "An accidental resemblance, doubtless." "No, it isn't an accidental resemblance." "Oh, then you think it's intentional ?" "Don't be absurd. I might have thought it accidental, except   for one or two odd little circumstances.  Primo  , Victor Field is a guest at the Wohenhoffens' ball." "Oh, he  is  a guest here ?" "Yes, he is. You are wondering how I know. Nothing   simpler. The same costumier who made my domino, supplied   his Chinese dress. I noticed it at his shop. It struck me as   rather nice, and I asked whom it was for. The costumier said,   for an Englishman at the Hôtel de Bade. Then he looked in his   book, and told me the Englishman's name. It was Victor Field, So, when I saw the same Chinese dress here to-night, I knew it   covered the person of one of my favourite authors. But I own,   like you, I was a good deal surprised. What on earth should a   little London literary man be doing at the Countess Wohen- The Yellow Book--Vol. X. E hoffen's? 70  The Invisible Prince hoffen's ? And then I remembered the astonishing resemblance   between Victor Field and Louis Leczinski ; and I remembered   that to Louis Leczinski the Countess Wohenhoffen had been a   second mother ; and I reflected that though he chose to be as one   dead and buried for the rest of the world, Louis Leczinski might very   probably keep up private relations with the Countess. He might   very probably come to her ball, incognito, and safely masked. I   observed also that the Countess's rooms were decorated through- out with  white lilac . But the white lilac is the emblematic flower   of the Leczinskis ; green and white are their family colours.   Wasn't the choice of white lilac on this occasion perhaps designed   as a secret compliment to the Prince ? I was taught in the schoolroom that two and two make four." "Oh, one can see that you've enjoyed a liberal education. But   where were you taught to jump to conclusions ? You do it with a   grace, an assurance. I too have heard that two and two make   four ; but  you must catch your two and two. Really, as if   there couldn't be more than one Chinese costume knocking   about Vienna, during carnival week ! Dear, good, sweet lady,   it's of all disguises the disguise they're driving hardest, this particular season. And then to build up an elaborate theory of identities upon the mere chance resemblance of a pair of photo-   graphs ! Photographs indeed ! Photographs don't give the com-   plexion. Say that your Invisible Prince is dark, what's to prevent   your literary man from being fair or sandy ? Or  vice versâ ? And then, how is a little German Polish princeling to write poems and things in English ? No, no, no ; your reasoning hasn't a leg   to stand on." "Oh, I don't mind its not having legs, so long as it convinces   me. As for writing poems and things in English, you yourself   said that everybody is more or less English, in these days. German By Henry Harland  71 German princes are especially so. They all learn English, as a   second mother-tongue. You see, like Circassian beauties, they   are mostly bred up for the marriage market ; and nothing is a   greater help towards a good sound remunerative English marriage,   than a knowledge of the language. However, don t be frightened.   I must take it for granted that Victor Field would prefer not to   let the world know who he is. I happen to have discovered his   secret. He may trust to my discretion." "You still persist in imagining that I'm Victor Field ?" "I should have to be extremely simple-minded to imagine   anything else. You wouldn't be a male human being if you had   sat here for half an hour patiently talking about another man." "Your argument, with a meretricious air of subtlety, is facile   and superficial. I thank you for teaching me that word. I'd sit   here till doomsday talking about my worst enemy, for the pleasure   of talking with you." "Perhaps we have been talking of your worst enemy. Whom   do the moralists pretend a man's worst enemy is wont to be ?" "I wish you would tell me the name of the person the moralists   would consider  your  worst enemy." "I'll tell you directly, as I said before, if you'll own up." "Your price is prohibitive. I've nothing to own up to." "Well then--good night." Lightly, swiftly, she fled from the conservatory, and was soon irrecoverable in the crowd. * *  * The next morning Victor Field left Vienna for London ; but   before he left he wrote a letter to Peter Wohenhoffen. In the   course of it he said : "There was an Englishwoman at your ball   last night with the reasoning powers of a detective in a novel. By 72  The Invisible Prince By divers processes of elimination and induction, she had formed   all sorts of theories about no end of things. Among others, for   instance, she was willing to bet her halidome that a certain Prince   Louis Leczinski, who seems to have gone on the spree some   years ago, and never to have come home again--she was willing   to bet anything you like that Leczinski and I-- moi qui vous parle --were to all intents and purposes the same. Who was she, please ? Rather a tall woman, in a black domino, with grey eyes,   or greyish blue, and a nice voice." In the answer which he received from Peter Wohenhoffen   towards the end of the week, Peter said : " There were nineteen   Englishwomen at my mother's party, all of them rather tall, with   nice voices, and grey or blue-grey eyes. I don't know what   colours their dominoes were. Here is a list of them." The names that followed were names of people whom Victor   Field almost certainly would never meet. The people Victor   knew in London were the sort of people a little literary man   might be expected to know. Most of them were respectable ; some   of them even deemed themselves rather smart--and patronised him   right Britishly. But the nineteen names in Peter Wohenhoffen's   list ("Oh, me ! Oh, my !" cried Victor) were names to make   you gasp. All the same, he went a good deal to Hyde Park during the   season, and watched the driving. "Which of all those haughty high-born beauties is she ?" he   wondered futilely. And then the season passed, and then the year ; and little by   little, of course, he ceased to think about her. * *  * One afternoon last May, a man habited in accordance with the By Henry Harland  73 the fashion of the period, stopped before a hairdresser's shop in Knightsbridge somewhere, and, raising his hat, bowed to the   three waxen ladies who simpered from the window. "Oh ! It's Mr. Field !" a voice behind him cried. "What   are these cryptic rites that you're performing ? What on earth   are you bowing into a hairdresser's window for ? "--a smooth,   melodious voice, tinged by an inflection that was half ironical,   half bewildered. "I was saluting the type of English beauty," he answered,   turning. "Fortunately, there are divergencies from it," he   added, as he met the puzzled smile of his interlocutrice ; a puzzled   smile indeed, but, like the voice, by no means without its touch   of irony. She gave a little laugh ; and then, examining the models   critically, "Oh ?" she questioned. "Would you call that the   type ? You place the type high. Their features are quite fault-   less, and who ever saw such complexions ?" "It's the type, all the same," said he. "Just as the imitation   marionette is the type of English breeding." "The imitation marionette ? I'm afraid I don't follow," she   confessed. "The imitation marionettes. You've seen them at little   theatres in Italy. They're actors who imitate puppets. Men and   women who try to behave as if they weren't human, as if they   were made of starch and whalebone instead of flesh and blood." "Ah, yes," she assented, with another little laugh. "That would  be rather typical of our insular methods. But do you   know what an engaging, what a reviving spectacle you presented, as you stood there flourishing your hat ? What do you imagine   people thought ? And what would have happened to you if I   had just chanced to be a policeman, instead of a friend ?" "Would 74  The Invisible Prince "Would you have clapped your handcuffs on me ? I suppose   my conduct did seem rather suspicious. I was in the deepest   depths of dejection. One must give some expression to one's   sorrow," "Are you going towards Kensington ?" she asked, preparing   to move on. "Before I commit myself, I should like to be sure whether you   are," he replied. "You can easily discover with a little perseverance." He placed himself beside her, and together they walked towards   Kensington. She was rather taller than the usual woman, and slender. She   was exceedingly well-dressed ; smartly, becomingly : a jaunty   little hat of strangely twisted straw, with an aigrette springing   defiantly from it ; a jacket covered with mazes and labyrinths of   embroidery ; at her throat a big knot of white lace, the ends of   which fell winding in a creamy cascade to her waist (do they call   the thing a  jabot ?) ; and then. . . . . But what can a man   trust himself to write of these esoteric matters ? She carried   herself extremely well, too : with grace, with distinction, her   head held high, even thrown back a little, superciliously. She   had an immense quantity of very lovely hair. Red hair ? Yellow   hair ? Red hair with yellow lights burning in it ? Yellow hair with red fires shimmering through it ? In a single loose, full billow it swept away from her forehead, and then flowed into half-a-thousand rippling, crinkling, capricious undulations. And   her skin had the sensitive colouring, the fineness of texture, that   are apt to accompany red hair when it's yellow, yellow hair when   it's red. Her face, with its pensive, quizzical eyes, its tip-tilted   nose, its rather large mouth, and the little mocking quirks and   curves the lips took, was an alert, arch, witty face, a delicate high-bred By Henry Harland  75 high-bred face, and withal a somewhat sensuous, emotional face ;   the face of a woman with a vast deal of humour in her soul, a vast   deal of mischief, of a woman who would love to tease you and   mystify you, and lead you on, and put you off, and yet who, in   her own way, at her own time, would know supremely well how   to be kind. But it was mischief rather than kindness that glimmered in her   eyes at present, as she asked, "You were in the deepest depths of   dejection ? Poor man ! Why ?" "I can't precisely determine," said he, "whether the sym-   pathy that seems to vibrate in your voice is genuine or counter-   feit." "Perhaps it's half and half. But my curiosity is unmixed.   Tell me your troubles." "The catalogue is long. I've sixteen hundred million. The   weather, for example. The shameless beauty of this radiant   spring day. It's enough to stir all manner of wild pangs and   longings in the heart of an octogenarian. But, anyhow, when   one's life is passed in a dungeon, one can't perpetually be singing   and dancing from mere exuberance of joy, can one ?" "Is your life passed in a dungeon ?" "Indeed, indeed, it is. Isn't yours ?" "It had never occurred to me that it was." "You're lucky. Mine is passed in the dungeons of Castle   Ennui." "Oh, Castle Ennui. Ah, yes. You mean you're bored ?" "At this particular moment I'm savouring the most exquisite   excitement. But in general, when I am not working or sleeping,   I'm bored to extermination--incomparably bored. If only one   could work and sleep alternately, twenty-four hours a day, the   year round ! There's no use trying to play in London. It's so hard 76  The Invisible Prince hard to find a playmate. The English people take their pleasures   without salt." "The dungeons of Castle Ennui," she repeated meditatively.   "Yes, we are fellow-prisoners. I'm bored to extermination too.   Still," she added, " one is allowed out on parole, now and again.   And sometimes one has really quite delightful little experiences." "It would ill become me, in the present circumstances, to   dispute that." "But the Castle waits to reclaim us afterwards, doesn't it?   That's rather a happy image, Castle Ennui." "I'm extremely glad you approve of it ; Castle Ennui is the   Bastille of modern life. It is built of prunes and prisms ; it has   its outer court of Convention, and its inner court of Propriety ;   it is moated round by Respectability; and the shackles its inmates   wear are forged of dull little duties and arbitrary little rules. You   can only escape from it at the risk of breaking your social neck,   or remaining a fugitive from social justice to the end of your   days. Yes, it  is  a fairly decent little image." "A bit out of something you're preparing for the press ?" she   suggested. "Oh, how unkind of you!" he cried. "It was absolutely   extemporaneous." "One can never tell, with  vous autres gens-de-lettres " "It would be friendlier to say  nous autres gens d'esprit " "Aren't we proving to what degree  nous autres gens d'esprit sont bêtes ," she remarked, by continuing to walk along this   narrow pavement, when we can get into Kensington Gardens by merely crossing the street ? Would it take you out of your   way ?" "I have no way. I was sauntering for pleasure, if you can   believe me. I wish I could hope that you have no way either. Then By Henry Harland  77 Then we could stop here, and crack little jokes together the   livelong afternoon," he said, as they entered the Gardens. "Alas, my way leads straight back to the Castle. I've pro-   mised to call on an old woman in Campden Hill." "Disappoint her. It's good for old women to be disappointed.   It whips up their circulation." "I shouldn't much regret disappointing the old woman, and I   should rather like an hour or two of stolen freedom. I don't   mind owning that I've generally found you, as men go, a moder-   ately interesting man to talk with. But the deuce of it is. . . . .  You permit the expression ?" "I'm devoted to the expression." "The deuce of it is, I'm supposed to be driving." "Oh, that doesn't matter. So many suppositions in this world   are baseless." "But there's the prison-van. It's one of the tiresome rules in   the female wing of Castle Ennui that you're always supposed,   more or less, to be driving. And though you may cheat the   authorities by slipping out of the prison-van directly it's turned   the corner, and sending it on ahead, there it remains, a factor   that can't be eliminated. The prison-van will relentlessly await   my arrival in the old woman's street." "That only adds to the sport. Let it wait. When a factor   can't be eliminated, it should be haughtily ignored. Besides,   there are higher considerations. If you leave me, what shall I do   with the rest of this weary day ?" "You can go to your club." "Merciful lady ! What sin have I committed ? I never go   to my club, except when I've been wicked, as a penance. If you   will permit me to employ a metaphor--oh, but a tried and trusty   metaphor--when one ship on the sea meets another in distress, it stops 78  The Invisible Prince stops and comforts it, and forgets all about its previous engage-   ments and the prison-van and everything. Shall we cross to the   north, and see whether the Serpentine is in its place ? Or would   you prefer to inspect the eastern front of the Palace ? Or may I   offer you a penny chair ?" "I think a penny chair would be the maddest of the three   dissipations." And they sat down in penny chairs. "It's rather jolly here, isn't it?" said he. "The trees, with   their black trunks, and their leaves, and things. Have you ever seen   such sumptuous foliage ? And the greensward, and the shadows,   and the sunlight, and the atmosphere, and the mistiness--isn't it   like pearl-dust and gold-dust floating in the air ? It's all got up   to imitate the background of a Watteau. We must do our best   to be frivolous and ribald, and supply a proper foreground. How   big and fleecy and white the clouds are. Do you think they're   made of cotton-wool ? And what do you suppose they paint the sky with ? There never was such a brilliant, breath-taking blue. It's much too nice to be natural. And they've sprinkled the   whole place with scent, haven't they ? You notice how fresh and   sweet it smells. If only one could get rid of the sparrows--the   cynical little beasts ! hear how they're chortling--and the people,   and the nursemaids and children. I have never been able to under-   stand why they admit the public to the parks." "Go on," she encouraged him. "You're succeeding admirably   in your effort to be ribald." "But that last remark wasn't ribald in the least--it was   desperately sincere. I do think it's inconsiderate of them to admit   the public to the parks. They ought to exclude all the lower   classes, the People, at one fell swoop, and then to discriminate   tremendously amongst the others." "Mercy, By Henry Harland  79 "Mercy, what undemocratic sentiments ! The People, the   poor dear People--what have they done ?" "Everything. What haven't they done ? One could forgive   their being dirty and stupid and noisy and rude ; one could forgive   their ugliness, the ineffable banality of their faces, their goggle-eyes,   their protruding teeth, their ungainly motions ; but the trait one   can't forgive is their venality. They're so mercenary. They're   always thinking how much they can get out of you--everlastingly   touching their hats and expecting you to put your hand in your   pocket. Oh, no, believe me, there's no health in the People.   Ground down under the iron heel of despotism, reduced to a condition of hopeless serfdom, I don't say that they might not develop redeeming virtues. But free, but sovereign, as they are   in these days, they're everything that is squalid and sordid and   offensive. Besides, they read such abominably bad literature." "In that particular they're curiously like the aristocracy, aren't   they ?" said she. "By-the-bye, when are you going to publish   another book of poems ?" "Apropos of bad literature ?" "Not altogether bad. I rather like your poems." "So do I," said he. "It's useless to pretend that we haven't   tastes in common." They were both silent for a bit. She looked at him oddly, an   inscrutable little light flickering in her eyes. All at once she   broke out with a merry trill of laughter. "What are you laughing at ?" he demanded. "I'm hugely amused," she answered. "I wasn't aware that I'd said anything especially good." "You're building better than you know. But if I am amused, you look ripe for tears. What is the matter ?" "Every heart knows its own bitterness. Don't pay the least attention 80  The Invisible Prince attention to me. You mustn't let moodiness of mine cast a blight   upon your high spirits." "No fear. There are pleasures that nothing can rob of their   sweetness. Life is not all dust and ashes. There are bright   spots." "Yes, I've no doubt there are." "And thrilling little adventures--no ? " "For the bold, I dare say." "None but the bold deserve them. Sometimes it's one thing,   and sometimes it's another." "That's very certain." "Sometimes, for instance, one meets a man one knows, and   speaks to him. And he answers with a glibness ! And then,   almost directly, what do you suppose one discovers ? " "What ?" "One discovers that the wretch hasn't the ghost of a notion who   one is--that he's totally and absolutely forgotten one !" "Oh, I say ! Really ?" "Yes, really. You can't deny that  that's  an exhilarating little   adventure." "I should think it might be. One could enjoy the man's   embarrassment." "Or his lack of embarrassment. Some men are of an assurance,   of a  sanf froid ! They'll place themselves beside you, and walk   with you, and talk with you, and even propose that you should pass the livelong afternoon cracking jokes with them in a garden,   and never breathe a hint of their perplexity. They'll brazen it   out." "That's distinctly heroic, Spartan, of them, don't you think ?   Internally, poor dears, they're very likely suffering agonies of   discomfiture." "We'll By Henry Harland  81 "We'll hope they are. Could they decently do less ?" "And fancy the mental struggles that must be going on in   their brains. If I were a man in such a situation I'd throw   myself upon the woman's mercy. I'd say, 'Beautiful, sweet lady,   I know I know you. Your name, your entirely charming and   appropriate name, is trembling on the tip of my tongue. But, for   some unaccountable reason, my brute of a memory chooses to play   the fool. If you've a spark of Christian kindness in your soul, you'll come to my rescue with a little clue.'" "If the woman had a Christian sense of the ridiculous in her   soul, I fear you'd throw yourself on her mercy in vain." "What  is  the good of tantalising people ?" "Besides, the woman might reasonably feel slightly humiliated   to find herself forgotten in that bare-faced manner." "The humiliation surely would be all the man's. Have you   heard from the Wohenhoffens lately ?" "The--what ? The--who ?" "The Wohenhoffens." "What are the Wohenhoffens ? Are they persons ? Are they   things ?" "Oh, nothing. My enquiry was merely dictated by a thirst   for knowledge. It occurred to me vaguely that you might have   worn a black domino at a masked ball they gave, the Wohen-   hoffens. Are you sure you didn't." "I've a great mind to punish your forgetfulness by pretending   that I did." "She was rather tall, like you, and she had grey eyes, and a   nice voice, and a laugh that was sweeter than the singing of   nightingales. She was monstrously clever, too, with a flow of   language that would have made her a leader in any sphere. She   was also a perfect fiend. I have always been anxious to meet her again, 82  The Invisible Prince again, in order that I might ask her to marry me. I'm strongly   disposed to believe that she was you. Was she ?" "If I say yes, will you at once proceed to ask me to marry   you ?" "Try it and see." " Ce n'est pas la peine . It occasionally happens that a woman's   already got a husband." "She said she was an old maid." "Do you dare to insinuate that I look like an old maid ?" "Yes." "Upon my word !" "Would you wish me to insinuate that you look like anything   so insipid as a young girl ?  Were  you the woman of the black domino ?" "I should need further information, before being able to make   up my mind. Are the--what's their name ?--Wohenheimer ?--  are the Wohenheimers people one can safely confess to knowing ?   Oh, you're a man, and don't count. But a woman ? It sounds   a trifle Jewish, Wohenheimer. But of course there are Jews and   Jews." "You're playing with me like the cat in the adage. It's too   cruel. No one is responsible for his memory." "And to think that this man took me down to dinner not two   months ago !" she murmured in her veil. "You're as hard as nails. In whose house ? Or--stay.   Prompt me a little. Tell me the  syllable of your name.   Then the rest will come with a rush." "My name is Matilda Muggins." "I've a great mind to punish your untruthfulness by pretending   to believe you," said he. "Have you really got a husband ?" "Why do you doubt it ?" I don't By Henry Harland  83 "I don't doubt it. Have you ?" "I don't know what to answer." "Don't you know whether you've got a husband ?" "I don't know what I'd better let you believe. Yes, on the   whole, I think you may as well assume that I've got a husband." "And a lover, too ?" "Really ! I like your impertinence !" "I only asked to show a polite interest. I knew the answer   would be an indignant negative. You're an Englishwoman, and   you're  nice . Oh, one can see with half an eye that you're  nice .   But that a nice Englishwoman should have a lover is as   inconceivable as that she should smoke a pipe. It's only the reg'lar bad-uns in England who have lovers. There's nothing   between the family pew and the divorce court. One nice   Englishwoman is a match for the whole Eleven Thousand   Virgins of Cologne." "To hear you talk, one might fancy you were not English   yourself. For a man of the name of Field, you're uncommonly   foreign. You  look  rather foreign too, you know, by-the-bye.   You haven't at all an English cast of countenance." "I've enjoyed the advantages of a foreign education. I was   brought up abroad." "Where your features unconsciously assimilated themselves to   a foreign type ? Where you learned a hundred thousand strange   little foreign things, no doubt ? And imbibed a hundred   thousand unprincipled little foreign notions ? And all the   ingenuous little foreign prejudices and misconceptions concerning   England ?" " Most of them." " Perfide Albion ?  English hypocrisy ?" "Oh, yes, the English are consummate hypocrites. But there's only 84  The Invisible Prince only one objection to their hypocrisy--it so rarely covers any wickedness. It's such a disappointment to see a creature stalking   towards you, laboriously draped in sheep's clothing, and then to   discover that it's only a sheep. You, for instance, as I took the   liberty of intimating a moment ago, in spite of your perfectly   respectable appearance, are a perfectly respectable woman. If   you weren't, wouldn't I be making furious love to you, though ! "As I am, I can see no reason why you shouldn't make furious   love to me, if it would amuse you. There's no harm in firing   your pistol at a person who's bullet-proof." "No ; it's merely a wanton waste of powder and shot.   However, I shouldn't stick at that. The deuce of it is. . . .   You permit the expression ?" "I'm devoted to the expression." "The deuce of it is, you profess to be married." "Do you mean to say that you, with your unprincipled foreign   notions, would be restrained by any such consideration as that ?" "I shouldn't be for an instant--if I weren't in love with   you." " Comment donc? Déjà ? " she cried with a laugh. "Oh,  déjà !  Why not ? Consider the weather--consider the   scene. Is the air soft, is it fragrant ? Look at the sky--good   heavens !--and the clouds, and the shadows on the grass, and the   sunshine between the trees. The world is made of light to-day,   of light and colour, and perfume and music.  Tutt' intorno canta amor  ,  amor  ,  amore !  What would you have ? One recognises one's affinity. One doesn't need a lifetime. You began the business   at the Wohenhoffens' ball. To-day you've merely put on the   finishing touches." "Oh, then I  am  the woman you met at the masked ball ?" "Look me in the eye, and tell me you're not." I haven't By Henry Harland  85 "I haven't the faintest interest in telling you I'm not. On   the contrary, it rather pleases me to let you imagine that I am." "She owed me a grudge, you know. I hoodwinked her like   everything." "Oh, did you ? Then, as a sister woman, I should be glad to   serve as her instrument of vengeance. Do you happen to have   such a thing as a watch about you ?" "Yes." "Will you be good enough to tell me what o'clock it is ?" "What are your motives for asking ?" "I'm expected at home at five." "Where do you live ?" "What are your motives for asking ?" "I want to call upon you." "You might wait till you're invited." "Well, invite me--quick !" "Never." "Never ?" "Never, never, never. A man who's forgotten me as you   have !" "But if I've only met you once at a masked ball. . . . ." "Can't you be brought to realise that every time you mistake   me for that woman of the masked ball you turn the dagger in   the wound ?" "But if you won't invite me to call upon you, how and when   am I to see you again ?" "I haven't an idea," she answered, cheerfully. "I must go   now. Good bye." She rose. "One moment. Before you go will you allow me to look at   the palm of your left hand ?" "What for ?" The Yellow Book--Vol. X. F "I can 86  The Invisible Prince "I can tell fortunes. I'm extremely good at it. I'll tell you   yours." "Oh, very well," she assented, sitting down again : and guile-   lessly she pulled off her glove. He took her hand, a beautifully slender, nervous hand, warm   and soft, with rosy, tapering ringers. "Oho ! you  are  an old maid after all," he cried. "There's no   wedding ring." "You villain !" she gasped, snatching the hand away. "I promised to tell your fortune. Haven't I told it correctly ?" "You needn't rub it in, though. Eccentric old maids don't   like to be reminded of their condition." "Will you marry  me? " "Why do you ask ?" "Partly from curiosity. Partly because it's the only way I can   think of, to make sure of seeing you again. And then, I like   your hair. Will you ?" "I can't." "Why not ?" "The stars forbid. And I'm ambitious. In my horoscope it   is written that I shall either never marry at all, or--marry royalty." "Oh, bother ambition ! Cheat your horoscope. Marry me.   Will you ?" "If you care to follow me," she said, rising again, "you can   come and help me to commit a little theft." He followed her to an obscure and sheltered corner of a flowery   path, where she stopped before a bush of white lilac. "There are no keepers in sight, are there ?" she questioned. "I don't see any," said he. "Then allow me to make you a receiver of stolen goods," said   she, breaking off a spray, and handing it to him. "Thank By Henry Harland  87 "Thank you. But I'd rather have an answer to my question." "Isn't that an answer ?" "Is it ?" "White lilac to the Invisible Prince ?" "The Invisible Prince . . . . Then you  are  the black domino !" "Oh, I suppose so." "And you  will  marry me ?" "I'll tell the aunt I live with to ask you to dinner." "But will you marry me ?" "I thought you wished me to cheat my horoscope ?" "How could you find a better means of doing so ?" "What ! if I should marry Louis Leczinski . . . . ?" "Oh, to be sure. You would have it that I was Louis Lec-   zinski. But, on that subject, I must warn you seriously--" "One instant," she interrupted. "People must look other   people straight in the face when they're giving serious warnings.   Look straight into my eyes, and continue your serious warning." "I must really warn you seriously," said he, biting his lip,   "that if you persist in that preposterous delusion about my being   Louis Leczinski, you'll be most awfully sold. I have nothing on   earth to do with Louis Leczinski. Your ingenious little theories,   as I tried to convince you at the time, were absolute romance." Her eyebrows raised a little, she kept her eyes fixed steadily on his--oh, in the drollest fashion, with a gaze that seemed to say "How admirably you do it ! I wonder whether you imagine I   believe you. Oh, you fibber ! Aren't you ashamed to tell me   such abominable fibs ?". . . . They stood still, eyeing each other thus, for something like   twenty seconds, and then they both laughed and walked on. An Emblem of Translation By   Richard Garnett, C.B., LL.D. NOT of one growth the solemn forests are ; Not solely is the stately alley made Of towers of foliage and tents of shade, Sturdy, deep-rooted, massy, secular : But briar astray, and bines that ramble far, And cup and crown of Bacchus blend and braid With all that creeps disabled and afraid To mount by its own might toward sun and star. A lowly birth ! yet lovely even so, Through bush and brake it serpenting doth wend, Vagrant with baffled rovings to and fro, Till soaring stem or stooping bough befriend : Then high the vine shall as the cedar grow, And from his summit shall her fruit depend. I. The Dew II. Yshighlu By La Goya A Passion of the Peruvian Desert By  Samuel Mathewson Scott October . YES, you are right. It is a queer existence for a civilised man   to lead ; but habit subdues us to all things. Here I have   lived for two years on this barren rock, overlooking the little bay   where the desert meets the sea. A lonely life, too, for there are   only three of us, myself and the two young Peruvians, Manuel   and Francisco, who share the duties of the hacienda with me.   The estate is so vast, and needs so much attention, that there are   rarely more than two of us together at a time. They were educated in England in the days before the Chilian War, when   all Peru was rich, and they are the best of companions for a   moody man. Like all their race, they know none of our gloomy   introspection. Life for them is pleasure and laughter : and if   they indulge more effusively in affection and more emphatically in   hatred than we do, one soon grows accustomed to demonstrations.   Had you told me, once upon a time, that I could have endured   such a life, I should have laughed at you ; now it is a delight to me. It is free as no other life could be. We are lords of all   about us ; we make our own laws, set our own fashions, deter- mine 96  La Goya mine our own conventions; we have no one to envy, no one to  imitate. The whole of this northern coast of Peru, from Ecuador for  many a weary league south to beyond Sechura, and back to the  sun-baked outpost of Andes, is a waste of desert broken only  here and there by fertile valleys and quebrades where the scanty  waters of the western slopes of the mountains find outlets to the  sea. It is the ideal land of eternal sunshine. Rain falls but once  in seven years. It is the wild torrential rain of the tropics, and  after it is over the desert becomes a garden of green grass and  flowers. The sun turns this verduer to natural hay, which  endures through the long years of drought, and with the bean-  like fruit of the algarroba trees in the quebradas, affords pastorage  for great herds of goats and horses and cattle. The year is one  long summer. It is October already, but who would dream it?  Here in this realm of wind and sand and sunlight and sea,  it might be June or January or any other month. There  is a fascination in this monotony of climate. It provokes us  to laziness, interness, insouciance. It makes us dread the land  where seasons change, where rain and snows and storms chal-  lenge resistance, and where no to-morrow is like to-day. Here  there is Lotus in the air, even though the dreams that come are  but stupid lapses of common sense. Why should we struggle  when life can be so easy? Better fifty years of Europe than a cycle of Cathay? You  may think so, but I doubt it. There is a beauty in the ceaseless  roaring of the wind and the beating of the surf. Habit, habit,  what slaves it makes of us! Treeless deserts and shifting sands,  blistering suns and icy midnights, even the low-browed Indians   become a part of ourselves, and change would seem like exile.  Where days glide onto days, and cares are as flies that we can brush By Samuel Mathewson Scott  97 brush away, it's hard to muster courage for seriousness. Even  the basis of those cares is simple enough--our cotton, our cattle,  and the charcoal, nothing more. I said there were only three of us, but I must not foret the   , old Juan, our major-domo, the intermediary between our-  selves and the  peons , or Indian labourers. Unfortunately, fate has  made him a friend rather than a servant. He is a full-blooded Indian, and he cannot be less than sixty. He was born on this  haciena, and was a factor in it long before we ever came here.   His whole experience of life is limited by its boundaries. Yet he  is a born ruler of men ; with iron will, fluent tongue, and a   physical energy that is marvellous, he wields an unquestioned   authority over the people. In spite of his years he never knows  fatigue. He has a grand body and Herculean shoulders, but life  on horseback has stunted and bowed his legs. The head is  massive and powerful, with a face as wrinkled, brown, and gro-  tesque as a Japanese mask. His anger would make even a Salvini  envious. The clenched fists, the blazing eyes, the trembling body  towering to its height, and the rolling voice full of a thousand  terrible modulations, make up a picture that recalls our dreams of  patriarchal grandeur. The peons cower like curs before it. Then  he has a slave-like, inborn submission and devotion to his masters,  coupled with the more modern, but still instinctive, sense that those  who would rule must learn to obey. With it all, he is a cynic  of the  water. He knows no illusions, his laugh is a master-  piece of amused contempt. In the old days of his youth he took   all that his narrow life offered. Now the oracle of the country  side, he can rival La Rochefoucald in his sneers at women, and he  could have enjoyed Voltaire. His one occational weakness is  drink, the native weakness ; and sometimes, in a maudlin mood,  after listening humbly to my reproaches, he will tell me of the gay 98  La Goya gay days that are gone, and of the joys life has for him even now,  and finish with a sigh--"O Patroncito, what a pity it is that I   must die!" I don't suppose the world contains a happier race than the Cholos--the Indians who form the great bulk of the coast   population of Peru. They gather in little communities or   villages, cultivate small chacras or farms along the rivers, and work   as labourers on the haciendas during the cotton season ; or else   they become the half-serflike tenantry of the large estates, live   among the quebradas of the desert, wherever water  is found,   breed herds of goats, and do such work for their patron, or master,   as the needs of the hacienda require. They are a kindly,   listless, gentle people ; not exactly lazy, but slow, and without   much energy. They have no ambitions or torturing aspirations.   Their wants are easily met, the chacras and the herds supply most   of them ; the proceeds of their labour are sufficient for the purchase of the little fineries with which they deck themselves   for a fiesta. And is life anything more than food and satisfied   vanity ? But don't from this conclude that they are dull and besotted ;   far from it. Win their confidence and you will find them full of   gay chatter, light jests and pretty sentiments, and their hospitality   is spontaneous and boundless to those whom they like and who   treat them with kindness. Naturally those who dwell together in   villages are cleverer and more civilised than those who are isolated   in the desert ; almost all of them can read and write. The morals of the community are a study ; they are singularly   like no morals at all. Such a conclusion, however, would be   superficial. They are very punctilious in the observance or   the conventions sanctioned by their point of view. I suppose   that not five per cent, of the Cholo population are legally married; By Samuel Mathewson Scott  99 married ; yet prostitution, in our sense, is unknown. Their   union is a mutual agreement, without many conditions. A   woman reaches maturity when she is between fourteen and   fifteen. During all her girlhood she has lived in a house where   privacy, as we know it, is unthought of. She has heard every   part of the human body spoken of, as the most natural thing   in the world. She cannot imagine why a moral or formal   distinction should be drawn between them. For all that she is as   innocent as a baby. It is only the awakening of her passions   through the development of her physical nature that gives her an   instinctive knowledge of the relation of the sexes. At one of the   everlasting fandangoes, she meets some man who shows a   preference for her ; later on he proves his love by making her small presents and paying her small attentions. Wooings are brief   in this land of the sun. If her parents agree, she is his ; if they   oppose, he settles the difficulty with a coup and runs away with   her to his home. Thus she becomes his wife, and his dominion   over her is supreme. He may ill treat her and neglect her, he   may have four or five other women scattered about the country,   either at their homes or with some of his relatives, it makes no   difference ; so long as she is with him and he supports her, she   will be faithful. This is an almost invariable rule, and it is the   basis of her respectability. He may grow tired of her before a year is over and send her back to her people perhaps with a very lively reminder of her hard luck to keep her company ; her   father's house will be freely open to her and no shame of any sort   will attach to her. As the months go by another lover may   appear who cares little about the past. They know nothing of   our sentimental yesterdays. As a rule though, the men are kind   and good to their  compromisas  and remain with them all their   lives. When 100  La Goya When young, the women are very attractive, with gorgeous   eyes and perfect teeth, glossy raven hair and graceful voluptuous   figures. They soon grow stout and fade, however, but the   beauty of the eyes always remains. Religion is only a name among the natives. True they call   their children after all the saints in the calendar--and they duly   celebrate all the feasts of the church, but there is more of form   than of faith in their devotion. It is fear not love that moves   them. Wherever a village is able to maintain a  cura , a church   adorns one side of the principal plaza. From the belfry, bells   jangle discordantly all day long, and black robed women flock to   masses and prayers ; but superstition has more place than piety in   their hearts. The priests are ignorant and corrupt, debauched   and licentious. They think little of the value of example as a   teacher. With them, religion is a business that has its set hours ;   those over, playtime comes. So religion rests with equal lightness on the people. Children must be baptized, confession must be   made now and then, an Ave Maria and the sign of the cross are   a sure protection in danger, a candle burned before a saint brings   the fulfilment of wishes, scapulas ward off the devil, the good   see heaven, the bad are burned ; but Mary and the church are   indulgent with human frailty ; all this they know and believe, and   feel secure. I must confess that there are occasions when they   show a marked aptitude for mendacity, and they do not always respect the laws of property ; yet their kindly hearts keep them   out of any serious mischief. Docile and obedient, they respect   authority and endure even oppression without complaint. Were   it not for the taxes and the excisemen they would never know a   trouble. Such are my people, such is the halcyon placidity of their lives   --as level as the desert but as full of sunshine. Do you wonder that By Samuel Mathewson Scott  101 that the spirit is contagious and that I say I am content ? It is a  purely physical existence, always on horseback and out of doors,   but health such as ours amply repays all the sacrifices that seem to   bewilder you. Ennui comes of excess, not of simplicity. Well, the night is running away. Over the reef, at the mouth   of the harbour, the waves are howling like drunken men in a   quarrel. The wind is full of ghostly suggestions. The halyards   of the flag-poles on the verandah are tapping like woodpeckers   against a tree. In the great reaches of the rushing tide the  balsa   at the buoy tugs on its chain like an impatient captive. Across   the bay, the lights of the native villages twinkle like fallen stars.   A hazy moonlight makes the world mysterious. The rhythm of   the sea is quick, like the heart-beats of desire. While the world   sleeps, Nature is astir. Good-night. November . I did not think when I last wrote you that my next letter   would be a confession, but it seems that it must be. Forty miles to the south of us, across the desert, lies the valley   of the Chira, the principal river of this northern region, crowded   with little villages and towns, to one of which I had despatched   old Juan on a commission. The other morning, while I was sit-   ting at my lonely breakfast, I heard the jingle of the unmistakable   silver spurs on the verandah, and the old man entered, still wrapped   in his  poncho  after his long night ride--for here most journeys are   made at night with a brief bivouac for rest, to escape the merciless   sun. He made his report and paused. "Well, what's the news on the river, Juan ?" I asked him. "Patron," he said, tentatively ; "next week there is to be a   great fandango at Amotape. Wouldn't you like to go ?" " O pshaw ! 102  La Goya "O pshaw ! what's the use, Juan ? It's always the same old   story : nothing but a long ride, no sleep, and less fun." My indifference to such pleasures, which, to his mind, are all   the reward life gives us for the trouble of living, is Juan's greatest   trial. "But, señor, the prettiest Cholitas from all along the river are   to be there ; you can't fail to enjoy it." I laughed. "O well, Juan, mi amigo, we'll see when the time comes." The poor old fellow sighed, for the answer, which he had heard   so often before, seemed hopeless ; and so the matter dropped. When, however, a few days later, Manuel came in from the   cotton-fields in one of our valleys, where he had been slaving for   a week, and heard of the approaching fiesta, he would listen to   none of my objections ; go we must. So one afternoon we set   out ; he, Juan and I, and our boys, for the river. The desert is truly trackless ; there is not a road across it, only  narrow trails, which the shifting sands are for ever obliterating ;   but the boys are unerring guides. Even on the darkest night,   some instinct keeps them to the faint silver line that to our eyes is   imperceptible. We sped along over sandy tracts and rocky   stretches, dotted with withered thorn bushes. Touches of green   relieved the glaring expanse as we crossed the little quebradas,   where the algarroba trees send down their long tap roots, some- times fifty feet, to the retentive sub-soil, where the water still lingers. The sun blazed fiercely, but the air was dry and elastic.   The wind blows always from the southward ; from the sea by   day, from the shore by night, heaping the sand into great crescent-   shaped, moving hills or medenas , that creep stealthily over the level waste, growing hour by hour, and burying all things that lie in their path. It was night when we descended the steep cliffs into the valley, By Samuel Mathewson Scott  103 valley, and rode along the silent  chacras  into the town--scattered   suburbs of cane huts, a few rows of more pretentious mud-covered   houses, then the white plastered dwellings of the plaza. The narrow, dusty streets were alight with lamps and thronged   with merrymakers wending their way to the  picantes  and dances.   Some of the men awkwardly sported the cheap ready-made raiment that is beginning to invade even this country, but most of them adhered to the more graceful old costume of stiffly starched shirts,   white trousers, and coloured sashes. The women wore gay prints   of every hue, ribbons and flowers, and trinkets ; while over the   head and shoulders was wrapped the soft black  manta , or the   more festive pale blue and white scarf of Guadalupe with its deep   fringes of native lace. Juan, who is nothing if not an epicure, readily discovered the best picante , and soon we were at supper. A  picante  might be called   in English the native gala day restaurant. Throughout the fiesta   food may be had day and night ; all the world dines there, for the   women are too busy holidaying to waste the time in household   duties.  Seco , or dry stew of goat's meat with rice and sweet   potatoes, slightly flavoured ;  churasco , fried steak with onions and   an egg ; Chicharones , or the small pieces of pork that separate   from the fat in rendering lard--a popular delicacy with the Indians ;  salchichones , or sausages ; and last, and best of all, the tamales --a highly-seasoned stew of pork and chicken, steamed in   an outer paste of ground maize, wrapped in thick pudding-cloths   of maize leaves. The dust of the road that filled our throats   and the  aji , or the hot red pepper, with which the dishes were   plentifully sprinkled, made very welcome the great gourdfuls of chicha  with which they served us.  Chicha  was the royal beverage   of the Inca long before the conquest ; the native beer, brewed   from maize. It is the favourite still, in spite of all modern innovations. 104  La Goya innovations. Gourds serve for everything, plates and cups, and   bowls and platters, work-baskets, water-bottles, and even bath-   tubs, and the service is apt to be a wooden spoon, although   crockery and pewter are now common enough. While we were feasting, Juan had been scouting for the most   promising fandango. Half an hour later I found myself comfort-   ably stretched on a bench in a large bare room, puffing at my   pipe, and yielding to the pleasant languor that follows a long ride   and a hearty supper. The  bancos , or seats, built around the lime-   whitened walls, were crowded with guests. Juan's promise had   been fulfilled, for certainly the prettiest girls of the river were   around us ; a fact which had instantly impressed Manuel, for he   was passing from group to group, scattering gay nothings and   laughter everywhere. Fortunately we were too well known for   our presence to be an embarrassment to our simpler friends. The   natural abandon of such a gathering is its only charm to a civilized man--yet, had we been the greatest strangers, old Juan's diplomacy would soon have set every one at ease. He has a marvellous   mastery over awkward situations. The mirth was a little subdued, although bottles and glasses   were circulating and healths were being drunk. It is a gross   breach of etiquette to toast back to the person who has toasted   you ; that each may have his share you must pay your salutations   to another. Every one, men and women alike, were smoking the   little yellow papered cigarettes, in unconscious emulation of the   open petroleum lamps that lighted up the scene and made swaying   shadows of the corners. The dancing was only beginning, in   spite of the fact that at one side of the room the orchestra was   bravely striving to stir up some excitement. In unison with a rather metallic guitar, a blind harpist tugged at the strings of a strangely shaped instrument with an enormous sounding board. On By Samuel Mathewson Scott  105 On either side of him sat two men, who emphasised the broken   time of the dance by pounding on the sounding board with their   hands, while the harpist sang the familiar words of the song, or   improvised with considerable cleverness new verses for the   occasion. The whole orchestra joined in the chorus in a high   nasal key. Noise was more important than melody. The dance is always the same, and is performed by couples as   many as the floor will accommodate ; all present mark time by   the clapping of hands. In these diversions old and young   participate ; they have known the dance from childhood. The   women far surpass the men in grace, they show less self-con-   sciousness and effort. With the most expert, the movement is from the hips entirely, and a woman has reached perfection when   she can go through the measures with a bottle balanced on her   head. I have never seen a man who was able to perform this   feat. There are three figures ; in the , the pair advance and   retire and turn, waving their handkerchiefs while their feet move   to the rhythm of the music. During a pause the man approaches   a large table covered with bottles, where the hostess is dispensing   Anizado, a fiery liquor distilled from aniseed and alcohol, and   purchases a large tumbler-full, which he and his companion sip   alternately. The second figure runs more quickly. The song   and the music are louder. With knees bent in an attitude of   supplication, the man hovers about the woman who spins   coquettishly before him. There is much of liberty but little of   license, still the suggestion remains. Again a pause. Amidst   bravos and handclapping, the  figure begins. Feet speed in   and out, the bodies whirl and sway to the flash of the handker- chiefs. The song and the music wax louder and faster in half barbaric excitement. Shouts and cries encourage and applaud the   dancers. The tumult is deafening, the dance delirious. Squibs The Yellow Book--Vol. X. G sputter 106  La Goya sputter beneath the flying feet. As if possessed they advance   and turn and retreat, until, through sheer exhaustion, they are   forced to stop. Perhaps you think it a vulgar scene--yet I enjoyed it. After   all, physical pleasure is our real joy. To lie there indolently and   watch the lamplight gleam on dusky bosoms ; to see the dark   eyes flash in the excitement of noise and movement ; to forget to-   morrow, and to recall half forgotten yesterdays ; to think of   whiter breasts and nimbler tongues ; of the life that is over and   gone, all in a sensuous thoughtless way, is a pleasant enough   sensation. For what is the use of pondering over life and of   trying to find something in it that is really worth the trouble ? We know it is only the drift of years, the desire of youth, the regret of age and then the eternal silence. It is better to let our   pulses throb while they can ; to give over the wondering and the   idealising, and to take such joy of life as our senses give us.   There may be a morning of sermons and soda water somewhere,   but who cares ? So I lay there and smoked. The crowd gathered about the door jostled and swayed, and as   it finally parted, an old woman and a young girl entered and took   seats across the room directly opposite me. The girl threw back   her scarf and revealed a face that at once brought me back to   realities. As usual, philosophy surrendered to life, and I watched   her intently. Her beauty was thrilling. She was about sixteen,   just in the prime of her womanhood, for after that age these   women grow stout. Her face was perfect in type. A flush of rose gave life to the faint duskiness of her cheeks where two   dimples played at hide and seek with their twin brothers lurking   at the corners of her full mouth. From some forgotten strain,   she had inherited the Inca nose with its broad base, its exquisite   aquiline curve, and its fine nostrils ; to my mind, in its purity, the By Samuel Mathewson Scott  107 the most perfect of human features. Like all her race, she had   teeth of ivory. Don't think I am raving when I tell you that I   have never seen eyes in which so many emotions seemed to lurk.   They were dark, of course, in a setting of high arched brows and   long sweeping lashes, otherwise they defy description. Her fore-   head was low, but broader than is usual, though the waves of her   black glossy hair sent out a faint ripple or two of down upon her   temples. There was an unmistakable superiority about her which her   companions seemed to recognise, for they approached her with   deference. Even her dress displayed more taste than that of the   women about her, yet she was arrayed according to the same   simple rules. There was no use trying to be indifferent before such a   picture. I crossed over to where she was sitting and bowed   elaborately. "Good evening, Señorita," and in the Spanish fashion, I told  her my name and assured her I was at her orders. "Your servant, Gregoria Paz," she replied with perfect com-   posure. "Señorita Goya," I said, using the pretty diminutive of her   name, "I am sorry to confess that I do not dance, but will you   not permit me to sit here and talk to you ?" Most of the women would have been shy and awkward at ,   but she made way for me most courteously. A natural coquetry   gave grace to every movement she made ; yet she tempered it   with an air of dignity and reserve that put even me upon my best   behaviour. The sensation was certainly amusing. My attentions   pleased her, that was evident ; but whenever I ventured upon   even conversational liberties she had a way of tossing back her   head and looking at me out of the corners of her great flashing eyes, 108  La Goya eyes, as she blew the smoke of her cigarette ceilingward, that was inscrutable. When had she learned it all? That was the question.  I wondered if one of Pizarro's haughty dons had wooed and won   some great-great-grandmother of hers in the long ago. Nobody dared to disturb us, and time flew along as we laughed  and chatted. She lived in the village across the river, where her  father owned some small gardens, she said. Would she let me  come to see her? Their house was too humble for such a guest  as I, but it was always at my disposal. The dance was growing uproarious. I had noticed that Manuel,  in the midst of his own flirtations, had been keeping an amused  eye upon my occupation. I saw him walk over to the old harpist,  and soon after I became conscoius that we were the centre of  observation, for the old man was improvising verses in praise of  myself complimenting the Goya on her good fortune. This  naturally prompted a response from me, in the shape of refresh- ments for the devoted and perspiring orchestra. A little later, Manuel and I withdrew to snatch what sleep we  could before setting out on our ride under the morning stars.  Even old Juan discreetly joined in the chaff with which Manuel   pelted me as we galloped home. And--would you believe it?--yesterday I sent the good old fellow off to the Goya with a little trinket and a letter that would, in its fervent flourishes, remind you most ludicrously of the valentines  of your youth; and I am awaiting her reply as impatiently as the  most orthodox of lovers. December . To-day is like anything but your idea of the last one of  December; warm and bright, with a bustling, noisy, dusty wind  from the desert to make a field of daisies out of the deep green stretches By Samuel Mathewson Scott  109 stretches of the ocean; and the way in which I spent Christmas  was quite as wide a departure from your conventions. For a week before the festival I had been busy with my men at   the far end of the hacienda. I won't tell you about the blazing  heat of the summer desert, our little bivouacs behind the sandhills,  our haphazard meals, and all the other commonplaces of this life  of ours. Although I was anxious to conclude the work, I couldn't  deny my good fellows their holiday; but we laboured on until  the last light had faded out of the west. A hasty dinner in a  little hut, a few stern injunctions to the peons as to prompt return, and I found myself confronted with Christmas Eve.  However, I was not without resources. Amotape was only six  miles away, and the festivities promised there were attracting the   whole country-side. For two or threee days previous, little donkey-  borne parties of holiday-makers had passed us on the trails bound  for that centre of delight. then I felt sure the Goya would be  there. I had not been able to see her since our  meeting, but  I had given old Juan and my messengers many a long ride through the night to carry her my hyperbolical letters, laden with sighs, reproaches, and protestations. Juan assured me that her parents   gladly favoured my suit, while her little answers, that needed  many a re-reading before I could fathom their scrawled, mis-spelt  lines, had not left me hopeless. At  they had been stiff and   formal, condescending thanks, and nothing more; but latterly  they had taken on a more sympathetic tone. So I turned my  horse toward Amotape. The stars twinkled here and there; far in the east a line of   clouds over the hills still hid the rising moon. Every now and  then a rocket burst and added to the splendour of the heavens.   The town was  en fête  when I arrived; every house was lighted  up; from every croner cam the clatter and the song of a fandango. Through 110  La Goya Through wide open doorways I caught sight of gaily illuminated nacimientos , altar-like structures, adorned with the most fantastic   and incongruous assortment of trifles, which in a measure take the   place of our Christmas-trees. The plaza was thronged. Happy groups squatted on the ground or sauntered about, watching the   fireworks that were being discharged from a temporary stand.   The exhibition was really very creditable. Even the  blasé  I found a pleasure in the flaming wheels and constellated bombs. Would   you believe it, the poor creatures, who have little more than baked camotes  to live on, spent over a thousand soles on that display ? Acquaintances greeted me everywhere, and I speedily learned   that the Goya was present. Soon I came across them all, a family   party, seated in a circle, gazing with the silence of a year's   accumulated wonder at the blaze of sparks and fire. Yes, she was   there. The moon showed me a pretty picture, truly. Round   her shoulders was drawn a light scarf; flowers intensified the   blackness of her heavy hair. Her face seemed very fair ; her eyes   were as deep as the night. After the usual round of salutations I sat down beside her. "How finely we are dressed to-night, Goyita." " Una pobre, como yo ? " she replied disparagingly. "A poor girl like you, Goyita ? That's more your fault than   mine. What a fool you are not to care for me." "Fool, indeed !" she replied with a toss of her head, "You'd   never have let me come to see these fireworks." "And since when have I had the reputation of a tyrant, querida ?  Pshaw, you might have fireworks every day if you   wished. Why do you treat me so cruelly ? You know that I adore you. Is it the custom of your countrywomen to reward   devotion with disdain ?" And so we set to whispering. She was anxious to know if we observed By Samuel Mathewson Scott  111 observed Christmas in my country. She readily understood when   I told her of Santa Claus and the Christmas trees and even the   mistletoe, but the story of the snow puzzled her. I could only   describe it to her as a feathery rain that fell and lingered, and   when it was over, left the world silent and white like the desert   under the moonlight. But I knew that the wonderland of conversation would hardly   take the place of the tangible delights about us, in the Goya's   mind. So, accompanied by the whole family, we made the round   of the dances and nacimientos. I fancy the youngster was not at   all displeased at the sensation created by her appearance under the   escort of the big Gringo, as they call us foreigners. The nacimiento is a common form of Christmas celebration in   all Spanish American countries. Along the side of a room, a   stage is erected and covered with fancy cloth. The centre of   this is so arranged as to represent the Manger with the Babe.   Round about, on a setting of artificial rockwork interspersed   with lakes of looking-glass and waterfalls of threads, are placed   groups of plaster puppets depicting the principal Biblical scenes   from the Creation to the birth of Christ. Candles light up   every point. Among the poor, to whom puppets and rockwork are impossible, the ornaments are a most inappropriate assortment   of dolls, toys, coloured pictures, and even playing cards. The great street door is wide open. All are welcome to the   Christmas cheer. Music and dancing are continuous, and   servants move among the guests with trays laden with  copitas  of   pisco, anizado and coiiac. Whatever their faults, these people are   never lacking in the virtue of hospitality. At about half past eleven, the Goya and many of the other   women departed to change their gay attire for more devotional   garments in order that they might attend the midnight mass. I had 112  La Goya had promised to meet her after the mass was over, but a sense of  curiosity tempted me to join the crowds that hurried churchward   at the insistent clanging of the bells in the tower. The bare body of the building was in darkness. Huddled on   the floor were all the women of the  pueblo , hooded in their black mantas ; men filled the side aisles and the spaces around the door. There was scarcely a point of colour. The altar blazed with   hundreds of candles. The priest was an imposing personage in   spite of his coarse sensual face. The service was a string of   unintelligible mummeries, yet it was not without dignity although   the rustic trousers of the assistants that dangled beneath their   laced vestments, and the nasal nondescript responses of the choir   threatened momentary disillusion. There was, in a gallery,   something that pretended to be an orchestra, very reedy, very noisy and very energetic. Near where I stood, an old man from   time to time beat drowsy and irrelevant rattles on a small drum.   Stray candles in front of special altars made heavy shadows of the   pillars. Now and then a dog wandered in, searching for a lost   master. The cloud of incense intensified the heat, without   perceptibly diminishing the pungent human odours. Yet there   was something religious in it all, if it were only the heavy   drag of time. I couldn't distinguish the Goya among the kneeling figures, and the novelty of the spectacle soon wore   off ; I don't know how often I adjourned to the square for a   cigarette. It must have been half past one before the mass was over.   Then began a quaint ceremony, the Pastoras. A canopy was   brought out and held above the priest who advanced towards the   body of the church. Six little girls, dressed in white, and two   boys, attired and disguised as old men, appeared before him. The   piccolo of the orchestra began to shriek a ballad-tune. The little voices By Samuel Mathewson Scott  113 voices tried to follow while the little feet performed an awkward   dance. I could catch only a few of the words : Hermanas pastoras, Vamos à adorar Al recien nacido-- Shepherd sisters, let us go to worship the new born child. Then a procession was formed which marched slowly round   the church between two lines of worshippers. The singing   children walked in front. The priest carried in his arms a figure   of the infant Christ. When the altar was regained, he again   seated himself beneath the canopy and each of the little girls   repeated the song in turn, followed by a chorus of all. The scene was ended by the two boys, who during the whole   ceremony had performed pantomimic buffooneries while the   orchestra piped, and the little girls circled in the dance. Then the   procession reformed and left the church to repeat the performance   at each house in which was a nacimiento. The congregation   dispersed. I hurried to the plaza and waited. Soon the Goya came out   and we all sat down on the stone benches, there in the moonlit   square with its soft white walls of houses. They all clamoured   for "Pascuas," Christmas presents. I sent for a bottle of   anizado. I don't know why, but it was pleasant to sit there at   her feet and pay her compliments which her lips pretended to misunderstand, although her eyes responded : the stilted extrava- gant Spanish compliments which lay tribute on all the stars and   flowers in the universe, and which sound so absurd in our reserved   English. Indian, savage, what you will, she was still a pretty   woman, and I--I asked no more. The bottle finished they went to bed, while I roved about among 114  La Goya among the fandangos, drinking everything from beer to bitters   with the same Christian goodwill. The moon was paling when I   took a cup of coffee at a little Chinese stall ; in the East were the   streaks of white that betokened day ; and so in the balmy morn of   the equator, under much the same sky as that which shone upon   its  birth, dawned Christmas; that Christmas which, no doubt,   you at the same moment were saluting with all the accessories of   civilisation in an atmosphere of ennui, away in the land of snows. I awoke about ten. The heat was numbing. It seemed as if   there were nothing in life that could justify exertion. Still I   remembered that her mother had asked me to breakfast, or more   truthfully, I had invited myself, and I knew they would be mak-   ing great preparations for me. So, followed by my boy, I crossed   the river. I found that she lives in a little addition of two rooms that   adjoins her father's house ; a rambling structure of cane and mud,   with a low, heavily thatched-roof, bare walls, and the naked earth   for a floor. In front, faced with a half wall, which contains the   door or gate, is a large covered space, surrounded by wide benches   of board, which serve as beds for as many weary travellers as care   to ask the hospitality of the house. Next, behind, is the living-   room of the family, hung with hammocks. Upon the walls are   saddles, bridles, lassos, coils of rope and raw-hide, long sword-like machetas  for cutting cane,  alforjas , or saddle bags woven of cotton,   and all the paraphernalia of the road. In the corners stood shovels   and other implements, rude tables, benches, and chairs of home   manufacture ; boxes for clothing and stores filled up the inter-   vening spaces. To the rear of the apartment opened bedrooms   and passages that led to kitchens and enclosures. To the left of   the main building, with a door of its own in front, was the   sanctuary of the Goya. I was By Samuel Mathewson Scott  115 I was received with great cordiality, a spontaneous kindness   mingled with respect, such as you would never find among a   similar class in Europe. Her father is a Serrano, an Indian of   the mountains. Like many of those people, he wears his hair   closely cropped, with the exception of a wide shock in front that   hangs like a thick fringe over his forehead. Besides cultivating   his gardens, he carries on a trade with the interior, whence he   brings back  dulces and  chancaca --a paste of raw sugar. The dulces  are conserves of fruits and sugar similar to Guava jelly,   and almost sickeningly sweet. The people are very fond of them. If the Goya's mother ever possessed any of her daughter's   beauty she must have lost it long ago, for no trace of it remains.   But what she lacks in grace she makes up in virtue, for she is   the jolliest, happiest, most gossipy old dame I have met for many a   day. She has several children, all of whom, with the exception of   a young sister, are older than the Goya. They gave me a great feast at which I sat alone, while all the   rest waited upon me. The Goya was very quiet ; she seemed to   be watching me intently, as if she were trying to penetrate the   screen of manners and compliments to discover the real effect of   their efforts to please me. All through the afternoon, even until   I left, she kept up her pondering. I wish I knew what her final   impression was. It would be interesting to know just what was   going on in that little brain, which is separated from mine by all the forces of the universe save that of human sympathy. And,   after all, what is it that we are always seeking up and down the   world but that one quality that knows no law of intellect, race, or   station ? Well, such was my Christmas. It might fairly be called a   merry one. I trust yours was no worse. rend="italic" January. 116  La Goya January. My Christmas visit was not thrown away, for the Goya is   mine ! Taking advantage of the festival of Los Reyes, or   Twelfth Night, which is observed here as in all Catholic   countries, I sent the Goya a present and a letter, of which the   ardour was not all insincere. She returned a quaint answer to   my prayers : "Perhaps what I asked might happen, perhaps it might never be." But this was foundation enough for my old   oracle Juan to declare the omens favourable. So, having des-   patched a messenger ahead to announce our coming, he and I set   out with our saddle bags stuffed with the elements of a grand   supper. It was dark when we reached the house. The Goya   came to meet us as we dismounted and, for the time, she   shyly, but unresistingly, allowed me to kiss her. A table was prepared for me in one corner, where I supped, attended by my   lady love. Juan, in his element, presided at the spread which   loaded the great table. Amid the general mirth we two were for-   gotten. It was a gorgeous scene that met my eyes next morning,   dreamy as my own lazy mood, as I lay smoking in the hammock   of her sitting-room, looking out through the open door. The   house has a beautiful situation on a high, sandy eminence, over-   looking the spreading, winding valley of the river, which is shut in   by steep water-scored cliffs that mark the limits of the desert.   Below, quivering in the glaring light, a thousand shades of green, dimmed by the hazy smoke of charcoal fires, mingled with the   golden flashes of the river. Waving clumps of palm hedged in   the darker stretches of cotton plantations. Feathery algarroba   woods held in their clearings the brighter greens of gardens and   banana groves. Far away inland rose the hills of the Andes, so By Samuel Mathewson Scott  117 so faintly seen they seemed a part of the cloudless sky itself. At   the foot of the slope the sun shone on little patches of colour,   where women were washing clothes in the water. Near by,   making its pendulum-like voyages from shore to shore, was the   long dug-out canoe of the ferry by which I had crossed the night   before. There is no ford, and horses and mules have to be towed,   swimming behind the little craft to the accompaniment of cease-  less shouts and splashing. At the landing-places bustling groups were busy unsaddling and resaddling. The bright dresses of the   women beneath their black mantas, the ponchos and white hats of   the men, the gay saddle cloths spread on the sand, and the many   coloured alforjas thrown together in heaps, looked in the distance   like an old-fashioned nosegay. With a chorus of laughter, some   boys were swimming ; as they rested for a moment in the   shallows, the sun lit up their dark wet bodies with a glitter of   bronze. Over all the landscape hung the gauzy curtains of the heat-waves--just like the dissolving tableaux in a pantomime. The light grew blinding, and with a wide swing of the ham-   mock, I kicked the door half shut. She had left me after serving   my coffee, turning her head as she passed the threshold to whisper   the assurance that she would come back soon again. Certainly   she is different from the rest of them. I looked round the room.   She has managed to give an individuality even to it. The dull   walls were not to her fancy, it seemed, for she had endeavoured to   hide them under strips of coloured paper and pictures of every   sort, from the roughest woodcuts of a newspaper, to the gaudy circulars of patent medicines. She had even secured a yard or   two of real wall-paper somewhere, and had spent much pains in   distributing it to advantage. On the floor she had spread here   and there an empty sack in the manner of a rug. Under a tiny   but most unflattering mirror at one end of the chamber, stood her table 118  La Goya table with her sewing machine and work, an earthen water cooler,  a little clock that seemed to have forgotten that its principal pur-   pose in life was to note the flight of time ; a box and a trinket or   two, all in the daintiest order ; while in the centre rose the greatest   of all her treasures, a huge glass lamp, which she had lighted with   great ceremony on my arrival the previous evening. Ere long she returned, radiant from her bath, and took a seat   on a small stool near me. She wore a simple gown, open at the   throat ; around the polished ebony of her hair she had tied a bright   red ribbon, which secured a single flower. In her eyes still   lingered the languor of passion. I had never before realised how   beautiful she was. She held up her seductive mouth provokingly,   but as I rose to kiss her she drew back quickly, and placing her   little tapered hand upon her lips, laughed at me roguishly with   her dark eyes. The Goyita needs no flatterer to tell her of her charms ; she knows them only too well. The day flew by as if the hours were minutes. I soon found   out her weakness, and I told her stories of my own country ; of   balls, and jewels, and flowers ; of pretty women and gay dresses,   and of all the pageants I could remember ; she listened as a child   to a fairy tale. At the noontide breakfast she had still another   fascination in store for me. From the depths of her clothes-chest   she brought out her four silver spoons, and from a cupboard on   the wall, her plates with the flowered border. She waited upon   me with thoughtful attentions, that might have flattered a prince.   The instinct of service resisted all my coaxings, however ; she did not know me well enough yet to sit at the table beside me. In the evening, hand in hand, we wandered through the cha-   cras by the river, past hedges of tangled vines and flowers, and   under the rustling fronds of the banana trees. I told her I wanted   to build her a house near that of old Juan, in a quebrada some By Samuel Mathewson Scott  119 some miles from my own habitation. She slowly shook her   head. "You will not come ? What nonsense ; you don't know how   happy you will be ; I will give you everything you can think of." "Oh, no, no, no ; not that !" "Why not ?" "Oh, I know what it means. After I have given you all the   love of my heart and soul, you will go away to your own country,   and I shall never be able to love again." "And do you want to love again ?" I asked, coldly. She paused, and looked at me for a moment, then threw her   arms about my neck, and kissed me in savage abandonment. Still, I could not shake her resolution. "Here, yes, for ever and for ever, if you will ; this has always   been my home, and if you leave me I shall still have known no   other. But there, no. If, after I had become accustomed to a   life with you, you should deceive me, how could I come back, and   ever be happy here again ?" "But, Goyita mia," I declared, "I have no intention of re-   turning to my home." "Would you think of me when the occasion came ?" she   replied, as sadly as if she had already fathomed woman's fate. But I must stop writing. I am sick for sleep. It was two   this morning when I started back. The long ride through the   desert, under the voluptuous moon that drew across it the light   bars of cloud, as a woman in the shame of her passion throws her   white arm over her eyes ; the long, long ride, in which my   thoughts flew back, false to my latest love, to the old, old life, and   the days that are no more. To you, the whole adventure may appear a disgrace to my intelligence ; yet it was not all debased ;   it had much of beauty. A hundred miles for a woman ! and that 120  La Goya that a woman three hundred years behind the world I once knew   --yet I mention it. Well, it was worth the telling, if you are   not so bound up in your century that you can see nothing human   outside of it. March . Again and again I visited the Goya ; she never wearied me.   She had learned the secret many a more brilliant woman has   failed to discover, she never let me feel sure. I could not induce   her to consent to leave her father's house--she seemed to have a   vague fear of such a change. I was beginning to despair, so I   consulted old Juan. "Patron," said this authority, "order the house to be built at   once ; send me the men, and I will attend to it for you. Don't   fear, she will come as soon as it is finished. I know these   women ; their no always means yes. But I am afraid you are   spoiling her. When you are wooing a woman, it is all very well   to promise her everything ; that is part of the game. But once   she has yielded she is yours and she has to obey you--if she doesn't, beat her. Never beg a woman to do anything, just tell   her she must do it. Let her always see that you are in authority ;   that is the only attitude she will understand. Patron mio, you   know perfectly well that you cannot ride a mule without your   spurs, and there isn't much difference between women and   mules." If I did not quite share Juan's philosophy, I nevertheless   accepted his advice--I ordered the house to be built and said   nothing to the Goya about it. Meanwhile the carnival arrived, and Manuel, Francisco and I   went to Amotape to celebrate it. I think that of all their   festivals, the natives enjoy this one most. Indeed the enthusiasm pervades By Samuel Mathewson Scott  121 pervades every class, even to the aristocratic Spaniards of the large cities. All formality is set aside and good-natured licence reigns.   The Indians inaugurate the sports several days before the carnival   really begins. With their pockets full of red, green and blue   powders, egg shells filled with coloured water, and  chisguetes  or squirts charged with eau-de-cologne, the men go from house to   house and attack all the women of the family with this holiday   ammunition. With screams and laughter, the fire is vigorously   returned ; pretty faces are streaked with powder, and clothes are   drenched with the coloured waters until both sides are tired out. We arrived on Shrove Tuesday, the last day of the feast when   the fun is at its height. I found the Goya sadly disarrayed but   glowing with enjoyment. She was so disappointed when I declined   to join in the sport that to appease her I had to submit to having   my face daintily smeared with a powder puff. I was then   permitted to become a spectator, while she and my two   companions gave themselves up to the spirit of the day. The   Goya was the leader of the girls against Manuel and Francisco.   These two enthusiasts fully armed for the fray sped down the   village street in pursuit of the  maiden who showed herself--  perhaps to be met at the next corner or doorway by an ambushed   volley that brought them to a standstill or forced them into   ignominious retreat. Showers of water were poured from   balconies and windows. The wetter and dirtier they became, the happier they seemed to be. The Goya was breathless with   laughter. Her stratagems were masterly, and during the entire   afternoon she outwitted the enemy at every point. At nightfall, I was host at a grand dinner at the Chinese   Fonda, to which I invited all her friends. Here new pranks   suggested themselves, and the scene became so hilarious that even   I had to yield, much to the detriment of my raiment if not of my The Yellow Book--Vol. X. H dignity. 122  La Goya dignity. One cannot be Anglo-Saxon in such surroundings.   Finally, having exhausted our powders and ourselves as well, we   gave up the sport. Some weeks later I had occasion to go to Payta, the principal   seaport of this region, a wretched dirty little town that clusters   along the base of the wrinkled cliffs like an eruption of toadstools   under an ant hill, and quite as brown and ugly. My road led   past the Goya's house. She was seated on the floor, cutting out a   dress, but on seeing me she bundled the work into a heap and   jumped up clapping her hands. "I am so glad you have come," she cried, "I was just going to  send you a message to tell you of the grand fiesta that will take   place at La Huaca on Saturday, and to beg you to take me. You   will, won't you ?" "I am very sorry, my Goya, but it is impossible. I am going   to Payta, and I cannot return before Sunday morning." Her face fell, for to her gay little soul a fiesta was the breath of  life. She was silent for a moment, then she looked at me beseech-   ingly. "But everybody is going, Señor ; may not my mother take   me ?" The Goya knew as well as I did that it was impossible to con-   cede such a request. For my young bride to appear at a fandango   under any other escort than that of her lord and master would   have elevated the eyebrows of the world to an alarming height.   Her spirits rose again, however, when I spoke of presents from   Payta. I returned on the promised morning, but much to my amaze-   ment I found the house locked up. Where could the family be ?   My boy descried some people down in the chacras. I told him   to go and see who they were and ask them where the Goya was. The By Samuel Mathewson Scott  123 The boy returned. "It is her mother, Señor." "What does she say?" "She says the Doña Goya went to La Huaca yesterday with   some friends and will not return till to-morrow. The mother is   coming up to speak to you." I could hardly believe my ears. "What nonsense you are talking," I said indignantly ; "such a   thing is impossible." "Yes, Señor," he answered, "it is strange, but a Señora in the   house behind there told me to ask you to wait for a moment ; she   has a letter for you from the Doña Goya." "The devil ! Why didn't she say so before ?" "Who knows, Señor ?" So I waited, but no Señora with a letter appeared. At length the Goya's mother came, and as she unlocked the   door, greeted me with the customary salutations that must   precede all conversation however important. I returned them   impatiently. "Where is the Goya ?" I demanded. "In La Huaca, Señor." "What on earth possessed you to allow her to go ?" "Who knows, Señor ?" she replied with exasperating meekness. "Where is the letter she left for me ?" "She left no letter, Señor." "What's the use of telling me that? Boy, go and call that   woman who spoke to you." "Señor," answered the youth, "she is in this very house." "Where ?" I shouted, growing more angry as I grew more   perplexed at every reply. "In that room behind, Señor. She spoke to me through the   cane wall." I turned 124  La Goya I turned to the mother. "What trick is this ?" I cried, and   brushing past her, I rushed through the passages to the rooms   beyond. In one of these I discovered the Goya sitting serenely. "What do you mean by this, Goya ?" I said sternly. "Oh, I knew you were there all the time." "Why didn't you let me in, then ?" "I wanted to see what you would say." "When did you return from La Huaca ?" "Of course I never went," and she mockingly held up her lips. She had planned the whole performance just to tease me. The   part played by her mother was no doubt one that pleased her.   These Indians can lie to your face with more innocent com-   posure and ingenuity than any race I ever met. I thought, with a view to my own future comfort, that I might  as well draw the Goya's attention to what might have been the   consequences of her joke. "Supposing I had grown angry and had gone away ? " I asked   her. "Do you think I should have let you go far ? I should have   called you." "Yes ; but I might have been so angry that I would have   refused to listen," I suggested as haughtily as I could. " I wasn't afraid of that," she returned archly, and I had to give  up, although I still pretended to feel hurt. The room in which I had found her faced upon the open  patio .   She made me sit down beside her in the shadow of the wall.   Opposite to us, on a high perch out of the reach of scratching fowls, in a composite  jardinière  of old boxes and broken water-jars,   grew the flowers with which she was accustomed to deck her hair.   A light roof of thatch over one corner of the enclosure formed the kitchen, where, squatted upon the ground before a fireplace of four By Samuel Mathewson Scott  125 four stones, her mother was preparing my breakfast with an   unpretentious equipment of earthern pots, wooden spoons, and her   own dexterous fingers. A fastidious man might have found the   sight of such preparations trying to his appetite ; but I had proved   the pudding too often by the eating to quarrel with the making   of it. Hot  tamales , rice stained red with powdered  achote  and   beef stewed in a  salsa picante  with  aji , made a breakfast which I   was far from despising, especially as the Goya, perhaps to atone   for her cruelty, was more graceful than ever in her attentions. After breakfast was over, I resolved to put to the proof a portion   at least of old Juan's philosophy of femininity. During the weeks   that had passed, we had completed and furnished the house. So   in a matter-of-course way I announced to the Goya that it was   finished, and that I intended to send for her shortly. She looked   at me in amazement, seemingly more astounded by the way in   which I spoke than by the news I related. Hitherto my manner towards her had always been beseeching. The expression of her   face amused me quite as much as the altered tone I had just   assumed had surprised her. I nearly spoiled everything by laugh-   ing and catching her in my arms to assure her that I had not   meant the dictatorial part of it at all. Fortunately I resisted the   temptation. She ventured to demur. "No, no ; I cannot, I cannot. Who knows how soon you will   go back to your own land ? You must go some day. Do you   think it makes it easier to tell me it will not be for years and   years ? The time will come, and how could I bear it ?" "Now, Goya," I said, as severely as I was able, "it is both   useless and silly to talk to me in that way. I have made up my   mind, and there's an end of the matter. You seem to have a very   strange notion of a woman's duty." She 126  La Goya She sat for some time toying nervously with her dress. Sud-   denly she looked up eagerly. "Then tell me about the house." I didn't hesitate to describe it. As much for my own comfort   as for hers, I had sent to Lima for the furniture, and I knew that   to her the place would seem palatial. I told her that it was in the quebrada, close to Juan's house,   that she might have his daughters for companions, in addition to   the old woman who was to cook for her and wait upon her.   "There were three rooms and a kitchen ; a bedroom, a dining-   room, and a little sitting-room for herself. There was a real bed,   with a mosquito-net instead of the print curtains to which she was   accustomed ; moreover, there were rugs on the floors. The   dining-room had everything imaginable. But her own little room was the gem of all. There were pictures on the walls, there was   a stand for her sewing-machine, and I had ordered a box full   of materials for dresses that it would take her for ever to make up.   Then, on one side, there was a little dressing-table, with brushes   and combs and everything she could wish, and over it hung a   great, big mirror, in which she could see not merely her pretty   face, but the whole of herself at once. Her eyes were sparkling. "When will you send for me ?" "As soon as I go back." She threw her arms around me and nestled her head on my   shoulder. "But it will be soon, soon, soon, won't it ?" she implored. I had succeeded beyond my hopes. Yet, somewhat at the   expense of my vanity, for it was clearly the house, and not I, that   had overcome her reluctance. A few days ago, a small caravan of peons, marshalled by Juan, escorted By Samuel Mathewson Scott  127 escorted her to her new abode. Although he had ridden all night,   the devoted fellow came over early in the morning to tell me of   her safe arrival, and as soon as I could I galloped away to welcome   her. I found her alone, seated at the table in her sitting-room,   amusing herself by feeding a clamorous young blackbird, which   one of Juan's daughters had just given her. Owing to the heat   she had thrown off her bodice, and her breast was but lightly   covered by the snowy white sleeveless chemise of her people. In   her hair-ribbon she had tucked the familiar red flower, while   around her neck she wore a little chain with a golden medallion of her patron saint which I had given her. I shall never forget   the picture she made, as in a half-embarrassed way she turned her   head over her shoulder to look at me, as I paused for a moment   on the threshold to watch her. She did not say very much about the house. She was quiet,   perhaps a little tired ; but I could see she was content. And   so my new domestic life has begun. April . Perhaps it is the strangeness and half romance of this new life   that most delight me. There is the gallop across the desert in   the splendour of the sunset or in the moonlight to the little   suppers at which she has learned to preside with so much dignity,   while she tells me, with the greatest seriousness, all the trifles of   the day--so diffidently, so appealingly. Then the early ride,   brightened by the nameless colours of morning, while the magic   kiss of the princely sun is warming and waking the sleeping   beauty of the night ; the still valley with its little river ; the   stunted feathery trees where the white herons perch as in the pictures on a fan ; the blue hills, the desert, and at last the flashing 128  La Goya flashing sea. It's all well worth the trouble--will it soon   begin to pall, I wonder ? But why let the demon of doubt and   distrust come to rob our sunshine of its sparkle ? Since she became established as sole mistress of the mansion, the  Goya's whole manner has changed. A new feeling of responsi-  bility seems to have taken hold of her, and she has abandoned her   old waywardness for a quaintly subdued and matronly air. When   from my silence she probably fancies my thoughts are far away, I   often lie in the hammock and watch her flutter through the   tiny apartments busy with endless arranging and rearranging.   Nothing pleases her so much as when I praise her housekeeping.   Even her utter ignorance is a pleasure ; it is part of her nature.   It is only the vast contrast between us that makes the illusion possible. Sometimes on Sunday Manuel and Francisco come over as our   guests. In the quebrada, near the water, the algarroba trees   grow into heavy woods, with clear shaded aisles among the   gnarled trunks. There we all go, accompanied by Juan's   daughters--two jolly little companions who chatter incessantly,   sometimes with an unconscious latitude that might startle a French novelist. All things are natural to them ; they are   like the birds that chirp above us, to which love has but one   meaning. In a quaint, high-pitched key the three girls sing us the love   songs of their race : of hard hearts and broken vows, disdainful   ladies and neglectful swains, and of kisses and longings and tears.   Then they teach me the names of the animals and flowers, or,   tired of lessons, try to guess the words that fit into the notes of   the birds. They tell us in awed voices of the  animas  or ghosts that make   the strange noises of the night--a class of spirit that seems to be more By Samuel Mathewson Scott  129 more sprite than spectre. They have many stories also of the   witches who have power to trace thieves and reveal the hiding-   place of things that have been stolen. At noon our boys arrive with alforjas and hampers, and we   breakfast together in a circle on the ground. It is amusing to   see the deferential way in which the Goya is treated by the two   girls and the boys. Although she is of their people and kin,   her relations with me seem to have exalted her in their eyes.   This voluntary recognition of the superiority of the white race   is one of the most marked characteristics of these Indians. The algarroba woods are full of wild pigeons. Toward even-   ing, as they fly to the river for water, my two friends and I take   our guns, and skirting along the bank enjoy an hour or two of   sport. We made a gala day of Easter. On the southern side of Cape  Blanco, which is one of the most westerly points of the Continent,   the sea in some past age burrowed great caves and arches in the   cliff. One of these caverns, into the mouth of which the surf   still dashes when the tide is high, winds in a labyrinth for many   hundred feet to the very heart of the rock. The other cave, now   remote from the waves, is a great circular dome almost two hundred feet in diameter. These imposing dimensions are mag-   nified by the insignificant passage that forms the entrance.   Many mysterious stories of buried treasure are told about it.   Some say that after the murder of their Emperor Atahualpa by   the Spaniards, the Inca priests used this huge natural vault as   a secret depository for the rich and sacred ornaments of their   temples. Others relate how the English pirates found it a safe place of concealment for the superabundant wealth gained from   the Panama galleys ; and in confirmation of this story there is a   legend that on every Easter morning a great white brig sails bravely 130  La Goya bravely away from the cave's mouth, and no one ever sees her   return. It was to verify, if possible, this wild tale of the phantom   brig that we planned an expedition for Easter. It was arranged   that Juan should take the Goya and his daughters to the Cape at   daybreak, when we would ride over to meet them. Unfortu-   nately we were not so prompt in starting, and day had well begun   before we set out, so we missed the sailing of the pirate, much to our disappointment. But such a morning was a charm against   all regrets. The cliffs were in heavy shadow as we rode along   the sand. Although the breeze was cool, the sun kept us warm.   The sky and its light clouds were of faintest tints, and the sea   had that intense blue which sets off to such advantage the dazzling   white of the breakers. As the tide was ebbing thousands of red   crabs skirmished like cavalry troops along the beach. Solitary   frigate birds hovered aloft, manœuvring lines of pelicans skimmed   the surf, and dusky groups of vultures squabbled over derelict scraps. The sails of three or four little fishing-boats sparkled in the still slanting light. The very soul of freedom enfolded this   sun-loved land of brown and azure. We found them all awaiting us in their usual resigned and un-   complaining way. It is instinctive in these people to regard our   pleasure as theirs. Old Juan's pride would have received a severe   shock had one of his daughters, or even the Goya, ventured to   reproach us for being two hours behind our tryst. Their chief   wonder, which Juan more than half shared, was that they who   had arrived in time had failed to see the phantom. I have some   doubts myself whether the old fellow really reached the place before   the sun had come to remove all uncanny suggestions. While the old man and our boys were looking after the animals   and preparing our breakfast, we lighted our candles and took the   girls off to explore the twisting galleries of the seaward cave. They By Samuel Mathewson Scott  131 They followed us in awed silence as we went deeper and deeper   into the darkness. Something besides the damp chill air made   them shiver and clutch our hands convulsively. The noise of the   surf came faintly to us, although we could feel the great walls   pulse to its beating. More than shadows seemed to lurk in the   roof and crannies. I think we all felt a sudden shudder as   Manuel playfully uttered a scream that was answered to us again and again as if the old pirates were rallying to the alarm. The sand of the floor was heavy with dampness. The walls and the roof   crowded closer and closer upon us ; we went on crouching almost   to the ground. Finally only a low black tunnel confronted us--   there our courage gave out, and we hurried back to the daylight,   hearing in our own footfalls the sounds of ghostly pursuit. As   we stood under the great arch of the entrance watching the surf   about the rocks, the girls grew very brave again. Old Juan laughed contemptuously when they told him of their   terrors, but he didn't attempt any explorations on his own   account. As it was too early for breakfast, we three men decided   to take a bath in the sea. I was well in the lead, just as we   were making for the  line of breakers, when a frantic shout   from the shore reached me. Turning my head I saw old Juan and the rest running up and down the beach screaming and gesticulating. Some were beckoning us to return ; others were   pointing seaward in evident alarm. I looked ahead, and there   just beyond the great white line that was subsiding before me   moved the slowly swaying fin of a monster shark. I confess that   for a moment my heart stood still. We must all have caught   sight of the danger at the same moment, for without a word we   turned : there certainly was excitement in the breathless scurry for the shore, where the Goya quite forgot to be dignified in her   joy at our safe return. After 132  La Goya After breakfast we entered the cave of the great dome. Ages   must have elapsed since the sea seethed round its walls, for the   floor was dry and thickly covered with powdered saltpetre that had   crystallised on the roof above, and fallen flake by flake. In the   centre rose a great pile of rock which the waves had once   tumbled together. Signs of hurried excavation in the sand at one   side of the vault showed that the tradition of the treasure had   gained one believer at least. On examining the hole I was surprised to find portions of human bones rapidly crumbling to   dust. This reminded Juan that many years before, some men   had come in search of the buried wealth, but they had only   unearthed a few old skeletons and a little golden ornament in the   shape of a fish. Perhaps the bones had frightened the diggers   away. The cavern must have been an ancient burial place ; the   twilight and the silence and the far off murmur of the sea were a   fitting atmosphere for a tomb. Then the Goya remembered that all along the foot of the cliffs   in the valley of her old home, many graves of the  antiguos had   been found filled with strangely formed pieces of pottery called huacos . To these places the natives were accustomed to repair on   Good Friday to dig. From the way she spoke it was evident that these huacoings or grave opening parties were a popular form   of amusement on the holiday in question. "But why do they dig only on Good Friday, Goya?" I asked her. "Señor, do you not know that the pottery is enchanted ?   During all the rest of the year it sinks deep down into the ground,   and it is impossible to find it, but on Good Friday it comes near   to the surface again. Besides the pottery, there are sometimes   little things of gold and silver, and sometimes coral beads. A man   once gave my sister a necklace of these which she wears as a   charm against chill." This By Samuel Mathewson Scott  133 This account of the old graves excited my curiosity, and rather  than wait a year till the lucky day comes again, I have resolved to   risk the spells and do some unorthodox excavating. Often in   riding to Amotape I have noticed along the road on the desert a   long double row of mounds covered with white shells, and   regularly placed as if to line a royal avenue. This avenue which   has an artificial appearance is wide and straight for several miles,   and may have formed a portion of the lost Inca highway along the coast. About Amotape also, the Goya says, there are many   adobe ruins of aboriginal temples or forts. At the  opportunity   I have, I shall visit these places, and unless the enchantments   prevail against me I may soon be able to tell you of something   more novel than love making. We were all so absorbed in our antiquarian discussions that we   would have forgotten the present entirely had not Juan brought   us back to realities by telling us that the tide was rising fast, and   we would not have time to pass the rocks of one of the cliffs   unless we set off at once. As their road lay inland while ours   was along the beach, we hurriedly bade our little friends good-bye,   and so the holiday ended. May . The Goya has suddenly conceived a great fondness for all her   relatives, in the hacienda and beyond it, and she is constantly   begging to be allowed to make them brief visits under the guar-  dianship of her old Dueña. I very much fear, however, that her   vanity is deeper than her affection in most cases, for she dearly   loves the wonder and envy that her little fineries evoke. Dressed   in the riding habit she has so quickly learned to wear, she is   becoming a very superior young person with her guide and her attendant. Her joy is complete whenever I find time to ride out   to accompany her home. These 134  La Goya These relationships of hers extend far beyond the common   confines of blood. She has sisters and cousins and aunts in   abundance, but in addition to these, almost every tenant on the   estate is in some way or other related to her spiritually. This is   the result of the ceremonies with which her religion has sur-   rounded her life. She has of course a godfather and a god-   mother. On two occasions she herself has stood sponsor and thereby gained a pair of  comadres  and  compadres  with whom she is   spiritually co-parent of the children. Among the Indians this   relationship is in many cases accounted superior to the ties of   kindred ; moreover there are her  compañeros , the men who were   godfathers when she was godmother, and so on through infinite   shadings. Occasionally my journeys in search of her ladyship   bring me into strange adventures. The dark lonely night rides !   What glories are in the depths of that star-sown sky, what sounds   rush on the breeze ! What heart-spurring shadows lurk among   the sand heaps as I gallop along the treacherous line of the trail. Even I whose brain has little room for spectral fears can   recognise the fatherland of ghosts and goblins. Darkness,   solitude, and silence, the playground of fancies ; it was amid such   scenes that man  learned to shudder. Even in the moonlight   when drowsiness comes on, a weirdness fills the world. I've sat   up in the saddle with a start to see a herd of cattle rushing before   me as noiselessly as shadows--only some desert shrubs. Then a   great fantastic mottled monster has writhed across the path in   desperate fashion--a patch of sand tufted with waving grass. The night birds sing a fiendish song that rattles down the wind   like spirit laughter. Often and often I've put my hand on my   revolver to find that I had jumped at a thorn bush. Not long since, the Goya's whims took her to a remote part of   the estate. I had promised to bring her back. As I had never been By Samuel Mathewson Scott  135 been to the place where she was visiting I asked old Juan to go  with me. Poor fellow, he isn't much of a guide on unfamiliar   roads at night as his eyesight is failing. In the quebrada where   the trail we should have taken separates from the main road, we   missed the way and were obliged to ride up the ravine to the   house of a tenant in search of a guide. While the man was   getting ready I chatted with his wife. "Where are you going?" she asked me. In this country no   honest traveller should resent such a question. I felt in a   mood for romancing. "We are going to a witch's dance at the salt marshes." "What!" she exclaimed. "Yes. One night Juan and I were returning from Amotape ;   suddenly near the marshes we heard strange music ; in the distance   were fantastic lights ; on reaching the place what did we find ? a   fandango of the Brujas." "Ave Maria !" I could almost see the woman's flesh creep. "Yes, the Brujas. We joined them. They gave us strange   liquors. At dawn they all vanished, but before they left they   told us that on every dark Saturday night they held a rout. So   now we are going again. The women were very beautiful." Luckily the guide appeared at this moment, or the poor woman   would have fainted. She must have said many a prayer that night   to save her husband from the witches' spell. I suppose the joke   was heartless, but then most jokes are. Rocky stretches and sandy hollows, gallop, gallop, gallop. We   arrived about ten o'clock. There was a long building with a great veranda that opened   upon a corral. The veranda was lighted up, and as we approached   I heard those sounds of revelry by night that betoken a fandango.   A large crowd filled the benches and listened to a wheezy strident concertina. 136  La Goya concertina. The Goya ran out to meet us, as I got off my horse   and looked about. Something unusual was going on certainly.   Upon a table draped with cloth at the far end of the veranda, a   small open coffin with the body of a baby stood set on end,   against a background of flaring red and white calico ; the lid   painted black with a double white cross rested at one side. In   front flickered two candles stuck in old beer bottles. The Goya told me that I was at the funeral of her hostess's child. As we entered, the bereaved mother came forward and greeted me with   a smile. She received my expressions of sympathy as if they were   something foreign to the occasion. Some of the women, led by   the Dueña, gathered round the Goya and whispered to her, gig-   gling ; but they hastened away as soon as the music called for a   dance. I sat apart with the Goya to watch. And what a scene ! There amid its gaudy trappings, glancing   back the flame of the sputtering candles, stood an enshrouded   mystery. In a little box of blackened wood was all life knows of   life ; a ghastly nothingness ; a thing of terror yet of fascination, a   question and an answer both in one ! And around it, shouting in   a drunken dance, with laughter and ribald song, moved creatures   whom it was almost flattery to call savages. The living seemed   to be carousing over the dead like cannibals about a boiling cauldron. The Goya's chatter was unheeded as I sat there   looking on, indifferent. Did not disgust sicken me, horror choke   me, loathing overpower me ? No ; just one feeling stirred me,   the feeblest our soul can know, the indolent supercilious curiosity   of a woman's uplifted lorgnettes. I seemed dead to every civilised   prejudice I had ever possessed. But when the dance ended a vague sense of annoyance took   possession of me. Hurriedly telling the Goya to prepare at once   for her return, I ordered Juan to get the animals ready. While I waited By Samuel Mathewson Scott  137 waited by the gate on horseback some women and men passed in.   Suddenly the music grew weird and mournful. I heard the sound   of lamentation, and looked toward the veranda. In front of the   little coffin were collected all the women who had just arrived,   and all those who had been present before. They were rocking   their bodies to and fro, and wailing and mourning, while the men   sat calmly talking and drinking on the benches. "What are they doing, Juan ?" I asked. "Weeping for the dead, Señor." "Is it the custom of your people ?" The old man seemed to feel, from something in my manner,   that I was not entirely in sympathy with the scene. "Only among the people of the Campo, patron, when their   children die," he answered. "And the dancing and the drinking ? " "Yes, that too ; they weep a while, then dance and drink   again." All night ?" "Oh, yes ; sometimes for two or three days." I laughed. The girl returned. What was this thing called   death ? Bah ! Who cared ? And under its very eyes I carried   her away. It was life that I had come for. Without a word we hurried through the night. June . I have been riding all the afternoon along the edge of the   Tablaza, where a maze of fantastic quebradas runs riot to the   shore. A desert of greys and browns and dying greens below, a   silvery film over a golden bowl above. Sometimes, on crossing a   ridge, we caught sight of the busy sea, where the waves rushed   along like a hunting pack ; on its far horizon low clouds lay in The Yellow Book--Vol. X. I shadowless 138  La Goya shadowless mountain--ranges the unreachable land of our dreams,   the dwelling-place of happiness, the vague valleys where grows   that sweetest of flowers, content. A typical Peruvian day framed   in a sky of golden blue, whose threads of cloud are like the wires   in a cloisonné vase. But in Peru we never think of talking about the weather, for   it is always the same. You may remember that, during our Easter picnic to the caves,   the Goya's story of the ancient graves near her old home made   me anxious to explore in that neighbourhood. Recently I made   a little expedition which yielded me rare booty. There are vast aboriginal burial grounds all along the coast, but  of course I can speak only of the small tract on the north bank of   the Chira River, between Amotape and the sea. Here great walls   of cliff, wrinkled deep by centuries of rain, ward off the desert   from the valley's fertility. Every slope along the base of these   cliffs is the grave of thousands, perhaps millions, of a race whose   very name is forgotten. I say of a race, but there are many indica-   tions that not one, but many races are buried there. Almost all   these slopes are artificially sprinkled with small white shells ;   shreds of pottery litter the ground, ruins of old adobe temples and   pyramids rise from the plain ; remains of ancient walls and build- ings crown every elevation. Was ever the home of the dead more   fitly placed ? In front, the rich rank greens of the river, like the   teeming years of life ; behind, the trackless waste like the mean-   ingless stretch of eternity. They rest where they fell, those   nameless dead, on the dividing line of that grim antithesis. Or,   in a simpler human sense, what pathos there is in the solicitude   that laid them, composed for their long sleep, in those little silent   valleys, which the bend of a quebrada has encircled with guardian   hills, and where loneliness and desolation and immutability warn off By Samuel Mathewson Scott  139 off the noisy restless world. There is a tragedy in a faith like   theirs that checks a cynic's sneers. But our love of novelty, our   cruel curiosity, knows no reverence. Let's go a-huacoing. Though all the slopes undoubtedly contain graves, all are not   equally rich. In many places the rains have soaked the soil, con-   sumed the bones, and packed the earth until it has crushed and   broken the pottery. But suppose we have lighted upon a favour-   able site. On top, the sand is mingled with little white shells.   About two feet from the surface we are sure to come upon a   child's grave. If the drainage of the slope kept out the water, we will find the little skeleton complete, wrapped in clothes as good as if they had been made yesterday. Seemingly the children   counted for little in that old time : a sleeveless shirt, a string of   coral beads, and a coarse shroud, were enough to fit the poor wee   body for its cradle in the sands. It needed no pottery, but some-   times a small stick was placed beside it, perhaps as a charm,   perhaps as a plaything. So unimportant was its burial, that its   grave was always made in some part of the field already used for   its elders ; for if we dig several feet below these small bundles of   bones--we meet with the carefully built tombs of adults. These   are cavities hollowed in the tough sand or clay, and topped with great flat stones and adobes to support the earth above. Within these holes the body, swathed in many shrouds, was placed upon   its back, instead of being trussed up in sitting posture, as is usual   in other parts of Peru. Arranged about the feet of the mummy   are several coarse cooking pots, still full of the provisions of corn   and beans and meat that were to nourish the departed on his long,   mysterious journey. Near the hands, in the case of men, lie   bundles of copper and stone tools, wooden weapons, shovels and   walking staves--with handles skilfully carved into human or   animal shapes. Beside the women, are all their weaving and spinning 140  La Goya spinning utensils and gourd work-boxes filled with shuttles,   spindles, and balls of thread. Sometimes there are also water-   bottles, with graceful curves, and netted travelling bags con-   taining extra clothing. It is always at the head of the body that   we find the fanciful pieces of pottery known as  huacos . They are   of infinite variety : I have never seen two exactly alike. Some   are round, long-necked vases, surmounted by very natural figures   of birds and animals. Every vegetable is imitated ; there are   gourds, melons, bananas, and other fruits ; there are clusters of   eggs ; there are jars shaped like fish and alligators, and there are   conventional forms, with double handles and double spouts, all of   the finest burnt clay, some black, some red. The old potters evidently believed that shrill noises were efficacious in warning off  evil spirits, for they often made these  huacos  with two bodies   connected by a tube ; one body held the spout while an opening in the other, concealed by a grotesque monkey or bird, was so contrived as to emit a sharp whistle when the jar was being   filled. As the mummy within the shroud is usually well preserved,   except that the eyes and nose are sunken, it is clear that some   process of embalming was employed. Unfortunately the prepara-   tions used for this purpose have destroyed the fabrics that came in   contact with them ; still enough of the inner wrappings and of the   clothing remains to enable us to form some idea of the general   attire. Evidently great pains were taken in arraying the dead   one in the richest garments possible. A turban of finely-woven cotton or gaily-coloured tapestry was wound around the head.   The men wore white tunics embroidered with flowers and figures ;   the women had a more ample flowing dress of brown or blue or   white, usually without ornamentation of needle work, and bound   at the waist with a long fine scarf or sash. The quality of the garments By Samuel Mathewson Scott  141 garments varies greatly, probably with the wealth and station of   the deceased. Men and women alike were adorned with neck-   laces and bracelets of coral beads and rings of gold--sometimes   the women have wooden earrings inlaid with coral and mother-of-   pearl ; often the arms have traces of tattooing. I can't tell you how many of these graves I opened ; we dug   for several days from the  light until sunset. It was hard   work for the men in the hot, dusty sand under the fierce sun. The Goya had begged hard to be allowed to join the expedi-  tion and, as she had relatives in the village where I made my   headquarters, I had taken her with me. Every day about noon   she and some of the women came to seek us with alforjas full of   provisions for our lunch. They took a great interest in the   antique wonders I was unearthing. Most of the women know how to weave and spin, but their   skill is inferior to that of the ancients ; for to-day they cannot   produce anything equal in fineness and beauty to the fabrics and   tapestries I found in the graves. The bundles of weaving tools,   therefore, which are identical in form with those used to-day, though   far superior in finish, aroused their envy, and I had to resist many   a prayer for presents. They clamoured especially for the  orquetas ,   used to hold the "copo," or roll of carded cotton, while spinning.   The  orqueta is a long crotched stick, sharpened at one end that   it may be stuck into the ground. To-day a natural fork is   taken from a tree for this purpose, but the  orquetas  of the   graves were cut out of solid wood, and beautifully carved and   polished. All the Indian women are in the habit of plaiting thick skeins   of brown spun cotton into the braids of their hair to prevent the   ends from splitting, and it astonished the Goya and her friends   greatly to learn from the skeins we found packed in little gourd toilet 142  La Goya toilet boxes, that the custom had come down to them from so   remote a time. There is a certain vein of sentiment in these women that is   entirely human, and once they burst into a chorus of sympathetic   ejaculations, when, on opening a mummy, I picked from among   the wrappings a tress of hair carefully tied with a coloured string.   Some lover, they were sure, had placed it there as a pledge of un-   dying remembrance. For half an hour they discussed the incident   pityingly, and during the whole evening I heard them relate it to   each acquaintance who came. Trifles make up their lives. One custom which the graves revealed, however, puzzled them   as much as it did me. Protruding through the lower lip of almost   every one of the female mummies we discovered a conical cylinder   of silver about an inch long. As a rule, these were badly corroded,   but by good fortune we found a perfect one stowed away in one   of the little boxes with the skeins of cotton. It is in the shape of   a thimble, though slightly larger in size, and closed at both ends.   In the crown is set a blood-stone, surrounded by small balls of   red coral. It is an excellent piece of work, and would do credit to a modern jeweller. It may be that these ornaments were used   as a badge of marriage. I had naturally supposed that there was but one series of graves ;  one day, however, one of my men noticed that the soil that formed   the floor of a tomb we had just opened was softer than usual ; so   he continued to dig, and a few feet below his shovel struck the   stone capping of another sepulchre. This led us to continue   work in some of the holes we had abandoned, and we soon dis-   covered that there were in some instances three or four layers of   graves. While the arrangement of these graves is similar to that   of the upper ones, the pottery is of inferior artistic quality and   appears to be of much greater antiquity. It may even be that of a different By Samuel Mathewson Scott  143 a different race ; for ages may have elapsed before the sands could   cover the graves so deeply that they were forgotten and new ones   made above them. You can have no idea how absorbedly interested I became in   my excavations among these poor old bones ; only it saddened me   to find in their trinket-filled graves another confirmation of that   awful truth--futility ! If their cast into the darkness flew so wide   the mark, what hope have we ? Their faith was as strong as ours.   Was its betrayal any greater than ours will be ? And even to a   sceptic there is something crushing in being brought face to face   with the ghastly inevitability of the future. No matter how   hateful life may be, it is beautiful compared with the crumbling   darkness of that chill, lonely cell, where even the sunlight is dead.   The thought came to me like an agony once, as I rested on a   mound, watching my men dig : "Some day I must lie thus for   ever. No more of love and life and longing ! Only that ! " and I kicked aside a skull and nearly drained my whisky-flask. But   in that moment I almost felt the worms crawl through my brain !   And the sunlight--how I loved it ! If we could ever for a second   realise the truth, we would never know another hour of sanity. July . Not long ago, I passed through a terrible illness, which, but for   the luck that has always smiled from my natal star, might easily   have ended fatally. Fortunately, I was not informed of the deadly   nature of the attack until the danger was over, or I might pardon-   ably have died of fright. I had been riding all day in the hot sun, and was both heated   and tired when I reached the Goya. I found her as usual playing   with the little blackbird, which has been her dearest friend ever   since the day she came to her new home. I carelessly threw off my 144  La Goya my coat, and must have put myself in a draught, for I was suddenly   seized with a violent cramp--the common result of a chill under   such circumstances. I took a few drops of chlorodyne, and lay   down on the bed until relief should come. The matter seemed simple enough to me, but the Goya was   panic-stricken. She clasped her hands together and looked at me   in an agony of fear. "Oh, Señor, Señor, it may be  chucaque  it may be  chucaque .   What shall I do ? What shall I do ? Where can I find a  curadora ? Oh you will die ; you will die ! What shall I do ; what shall   I do ?" She was nearly hysterical ; then an idea came to her. "Perhaps the peddlers will know," she cried, and she flew out   of the house. Soon she returned with a wizened old woman who carried   several small gourds in her arms. The Goya ran to a cupboard   and brought out a large cloth and a bowl, which she filled with   water. In spite of the pain, I was curious to see what would   happen. The old woman hurriedly threw into the bowl a portion   of the contents of each of the gourds. Among these I recognised powdered mustard and tobacco flakes. When the   mixture was ready, she spread it upon the cloth ; and uncere-   moniously tearing open my clothing she placed the plaster across   my stomach. Upon this, starting from the centre she began to   inscribe a widening spiral with her forefinger ; all the while   muttering a sort of incantation of which I could distinguish only   the words "Ave Maria" reiterated from time to time. The   Goya stood anxiously near me with her hands raised as if in prayer. After making the sign of the cross over my body, the   woman again traced the spiral and repeated the mystic formula.   Gradually the pain subsided and before long I was able to say truthfully By Samuel Mathewson Scott  145 truthfully that I was better ; after a final sign of the cross, the  plaster was removed and I was allowed to stand up. Naturally I was eager to know what had happened to me.   Then I learned of a disease that would sadly puzzle a Jenner. If   any one, even in jest, causes you to feel shame or humiliation or   as we would say "to feel cheap," you are at once exposed to the   most insidious of maladies-- chucaque  ; you will be seized with a   severe internal cramp, and unless you take the proper precautions   you will forthwith die. And these precautions, what are they ?   You must find a curadora , an old woman who understands the secret of the cure, and she must treat you at once just as I had   been treated. The worst of it is, you need not be present while   your neighbour is holding you up to ridicule in order to   experience this dire complaint. It will attack you unawares if   some ungentlemanly friend is taking advantage of your absence.   Think of the awful suspicions a plain old touch of colic may   arouse in the Indian mind. Of course, in my case, the chlorodyne   was science thrown away. I offered the woman some money for her professional services,   but she seemed hurt to think that I suspected her of mercenary   motives, and she declined to accept it. I learned that she was   one of a party of peddlers who had arrived at Juan's house most   opportunely that very afternoon. As I saw a means of rewarding   the old woman's kindness without offence I took the Goya over   to inspect her wares. These peddlers are an interesting feature of   the native life. In companies of twos and threes and fours, with   donkeys laden with stores, they penetrate to all parts of the wilderness in search of trade. They have a marvellous assortment   of things for sale from pins and needles and cheap jewellery to   the finest cashmere mantas  and the richest Guadalupe scarfs--  which are often very costly. Their patience is inexhaustible. They 146  La Goya They will sit down in the most unpromising abode and unpack   every bag and basket in their equipment, display to the longing   eyes of the women the ribbons and laces and stuffs and fineries   one after another, and be content if they succeed in selling   even ten centavos' worth. If money is lacking they resort to   barter and wheedle away goat skins and other products in   exchange for the much coveted finery. Time has no place in their calculations. They will sit all day chatting if they think there is a chance of a bargain in the end. They are learned in   all the gossip of the region and their advent is a delight to the   lonely country people. They might be called the newspapers of   the desert, for it is through them that the dwellers in the waste   keep in touch with the outside world. While the Goya tossed and tumbled everything about, sneering   at this necessity, going into raptures over that luxury, and   threatening me with financial ruin, I engaged my preserver in   conversation. Her mother and her grandmother had been curadoras  before her. Where they had learned the art she could   not say. Did she know any other cures, I asked. "O yes, Señor, I can cure  ojo ." "And what is  ojo , Señora ? " I inquired ; my ignorance would   not have surprised her more, had I asked her what the sun   was. "  Ojo  " means the " eye " and from the rambling account she   gave me, I gathered that the superstition is analogous to the evil   eye of southern Europe. You are the happy father of a new born heir or the equally elated owner of a superior horse. A friend   comes along and begins to praise either one or other of your   valued possessions, your treasure is at once "  ojeado  " and unless   you seek a  curadora  skilled in the lore of crosses and Ave Marias   to avert the spell, your child, or horse, or whatever it may be, must By Samuel Mathewson Scott  147 must die. What was the formula before they ever heard of Mary   and the cross, I wonder ? On the day following a fandango, when the fumes of the   anizado are filling their brains with torments, it is common to see   half the village wandering dully about, with a circular disc or   paper stuck on each temple. This they regard as a sure remedy   or cure for headache, but why it should be so nobody can tell. A lingering belief in witchcraft still flavours many of their ideas.  One day a woman amazed me by asking for one of my mummy   skulls. As the people usually look upon these ghastly tokens with   awe, I was curious to know why she wanted it. "I want to put it in my clothes-box, Señor," she said. "In your clothes-box ? What good will it do there ?" I asked   her. "Señor, I will place it on the top of my clothes, and if thieves   break open the box, the sight of the skull will enchant them,   and they will not be able to move until I come and catch   them." Such superstition is part of the people's life and blood, and must  have existed since the race began. Why, just this evening I was reading Garselasso de la Vega. I   know he is rather sneered at as an authority, but I can say with   confidence that, so far as my observation goes, his accounts of the   manners and customs of the Indians are singularly appreciative and   unexaggerated. I myself have seen not only one but many of the   ceremonies and observances he describes. In the chapter I was   reading he was speaking of the balsas, or great sea-going sailing   rafts of the old Peruvians, which you must have seen mentioned in   Prescott. I suppose it must have occurred to de la Vega that his European readers would be apt to conclude that the Conquest   had wrought great changes in these nautical contrivances and that there 148  La Goya there was therefore an element of ancient history in his narrative,  for at the end of the chapter he adds : "These things were in use when I left, and are no doubt in   use to-day ; for the common people, as they are a poor, miserable   lot, do not aspire to things higher than those to which they have   been accustomed." He wrote about fifty years after the Spanish occupation. To-   day three centuries have elapsed, and although the world has   grown to battle-ships, the Cholo is still content with his balsa. In de la Vega I have also found the explanation of an extra-   ordinary custom which the people observe. When a child is   about two years of age its hair is cut for the  time. A fandango   is held at the house of the parents, and during the dancing the   child is passed about among the guests, each one of whom pays ten or   twenty centavos, according to his means, for the privilege of nip-   ping off a small lock of the hair, which is preserved for luck. This   ceremony has come to the modern Indians directly from the Incas.   According to the account in de la Vega, the Inca children were   not weaned until they had attained the age of two years ; then,   with feasting and rejoicing, the hair was cut for the  time. He gives no reason for the custom, and to-day it seems to be followed without reference to the time of weaning. So you see   these people are essentially the same as when the Spaniards found   them. Under the gloss of Christianity and Manchester prints   they are as barbaric as the oldest of my mummies. August . Not long ago I witnessed a ceremony in the little village of   Vichayal which proved that among these Indians the outward   form long survives the inward spirit. Ever since I undertook my   excavations, which were carried on near this spot, the people have sent By Samuel Mathewson Scott  149 sent me notice of all their fiestas. The place is a scattering of   cane huts, on the edge of an algarroba wood ; the most beautiful   scene the moonlight ever shone upon. A tangle of feathered   leaves overhead make lace-like shadows on a silver floor of sand ;   while the night birds fill the air with a cry that is like the wail   of one who seeks eternally and vainly. It is a virgin picture no   pencil has ever violated. Those piles of darkness are the desert   cliffs ; those firefly flashes are the lights of homes. There is no   order of streets and squares ; a clearing serves for a plaza. That   break among the trees is avenue enough for a simple world like this. The tinkling notes of a guitar mean human happiness,   content with what the moment brings. I have delved in the   philosophies of three thousand years of thought, and they have   brought me no deeper wisdom. There cannot be more than fifty huts in the village. As the   people are too poor to maintain a chapel, they decided to erect a   great cross in the centre of an open space, magnificently de-   nominated the plaza. It was to the consecration, which gave   these poor creatures an excuse for a two days' fiesta, that the   Goya and I had been invited. I sent her on ahead one afternoon   with Juan, the Dueña, and the blackbird. I followed early the   next morning. A heavy, thatched roof and three sides of a square of cane had   been built like a niche about the cross, which was made of   plastered adobes. At one end of the plaza stood a triumphal arch,   constructed of three poles, covered and tricked out with puffed   white paper and flowers. A grand avenue of approach, improvised   of tree branches set in the ground, reached from the arch to the   cross ; while several temporary booths, called altars, lent their   colours to adorn the sides and corners of the square. On Saturday night the plaza was a veritable blaze of glory. All the 150  La Goya the ingenuity of the people had been expended in decorating the   tabernacle ; bed-quilts of gaudy hues formed tapestries for the   interior ; from the cross itself depended hundreds of coloured   pictures of the most heterogeneous subjects, tiny mirrors, toys,   dolls, and flowers. Above the open side or entrance of the   shelter hung festoons of fruit and branches, pictures, mirrors, dolls,   and lanterns, and most marvellous of all, a series of ginger-bread   men, an offering from the children to the village schoolmaster.   Everywhere candles fluttered in bright profusion, while the scented   clouds of incense blended the whole picture into a unity. At each of the little altars, as if they formed a necklace for the glorious jewel in the centre--in truth, they were only drinking-stalls in disguise--the image of some saint was illuminated with equal splendour. A perpetual fusilade of squibs gave an accent to the   pious and pervading joy. Amid all this spiritual enthusiasm, however, the fleshly man   was not forgotten. Summoned by an impatient bell, excited   groups were clustered about a gambling game, in which miniature   horses, set in motion by a spring, ran races around a circular   board. Just behind the shrine of the cross, an enterprising catch-   penny had spread his wares, and was driving a great trade in little   nothings. Small peddlers, and coffee and cake vendors, strove   emulously, but with the best good humour, for what spoil there   was to gain. In half-a-dozen houses there were dances,  picantes and  chicharias --the shops for the native beer. The moon was full and glaringly, electrically bright. It   tempted one into the mood of the hour. With the Goya and a   troop of her little, laughing friends, I visited all the sights, and   stood treats to everything. My luck at a wheel of fortune filled   their pockets with ribbons and necklaces, earrings and bottles of   scent. We really enjoyed ourselves, although they did seem to feel By Samuel Mathewson Scott  151 feel uneasy now and then, when I passed the cross and neglected   to bow. These wheels of fortune are their delight. A  peseta  a chance,   and an arrow is spun upon a numbered dial. There are about a hundred numbers, each one of which, according as the arrow   stops, calls for some article, usually a worthless trifle. Four or   five of the numbers, however, had prizes that seemed most valu-   able in the girls' eyes ; and it was most of these I succeeded in   winning after a breath-taking outlay. Whether this excitement   wore me out, or I wore out the excitement, I cannot say ; per-   haps the fifty-mile ride and the two hours' sleep of the night   before, had something to do with it ; at any rate, by ten o'clock I was longing for bed. Juan had considerately borrowed a house,   and prepared me a couch as remote as possible from the noise ;   and I withdrew ; but don't for a moment fancy that any of my  neighbours followed my example. Whenever I woke during the   night, the harp, and the song, and the hand-clapping were as   blithe and vigorous as ever, and when I jumped up at the    peep of the sun, there they were at it still, though certain pros-   trate forms under the trees showed that the pace was beginning to tell. There had been a hope that the  cura  of the next town would   come on Sunday morning to bless the cross. Word arrived early, however, that he could not make the journey. This chance had   been foreseen, and a small cross arranged on a stand, in such a   way that it could be carried with poles, had been provided to act   as proxy for the permanent structure. Under the hottest of   noons, about a dozen men mounted this emblem upon their   shoulders and cheerfully started on their six miles walk through   the scorching sand to receive the benediction. During the morning the  anditas  began to circulate. In English they 152  La Goya they might be called reliquaries. They are boxes, or cases of   wood, about twenty inches long, a little less in width, and a few   inches deep, with a glass front. They are variously ornamented,   often with incrustations of heavy, but crude, silver work. Under   the glass is the picture or image of a saint, belaced and bespangled ;   below the image is a small drawer. These anditas  are received   from the churches (in reality they are probably hired as a specu-   lation), and carried all over the country in pursuit of alms. On this   occasion they served also as images for the altars in the square.   Of course they have been duly blessed and endowed with powers   of absolution and indulgence. Wherever one of them goes it is   received with great perfunctory veneration. Everybody bends the knee, with head uncovered, and kisses a spot on the glass.   To gain the full benefit, however, it is necessary to give largess   to the person who carries it. These offerings are not fixed in   amount, but vary, I presume, with the eagerness of the giver to   secure a favourable answer to his prayer. Still, as a tangible   return for his charity, he receives from the little drawer a scapu-   lary--a tiny ball of raw cotton on a bit of coloured string. All   Cholodom wears one of these charms about its neck. This itine-   rant box of benisons takes one back to some of the scenes old   Chaucer laughed at, doesn't it ? I began to find the day a little hard to kill. A languor seemed   to have fallen over the place, as if the gaieties of the night before   had left a headache or two behind. I sought a quiet shady corner,   and stretched myself to read. The afternoon was very warm and   the world was very still. I fear I fell a-nodding. The sun was not far from the tree tops when a great commo-   tion roused me. All the village was hastening toward the plaza,   whence the sound of a drum and fife told that the cross-bearers   were returning. They were just nearing the arch when I arrived. A concourse By Samuel Mathewson Scott  153 A concourse of women lined the avenue of boughs ; behind the   bearers came a crowd of cheering, chattering men ; leading the   procession was the most fantastic group I ever beheld. Five men,   dressed in tight-fitting clothes of flaming red, with little aprons   hanging in front, and wearing grotesque masks that entirely   covered their heads, were dancing madly before the advancing   symbol of their faith, to the barbaric and tuneless music of a small   drum and pipe, both played by one man, who walked beside the cross. Round and round they whirled and leaped and pranced ;   the dance evidently had a meaning. The mask of one of the   men was in the shape of a bull's head. He was the principal   person in the figure ; the rest jumped about and teased him by   waving little flags in his face, or by trying to lasso him with a   small rope. From time to time he lowered his head and rushed   at them wildly, while they scattered or fell down before him in sembled fright ; but through it all they never ceased to move to   the cadence of the music. Of course it is easy to see that in its   present form the dance aims at representing a bull fight ; it is even   called  el toro , or the bull, but I am convinced that it had a very   different purpose in the forgotten period from which it is un- questionably derived. The now sanctified cross was safely deposited in the tabernacle   beside the one for which it had laboured thus vicariously ; so, after   a few hurried adorations, the crowds scurried off to the ring that   had been erected for the cock-fighting. With patron and peon   alike this is the favourite sport of Peru. Here pandemonium   reigned until dusk, while the publicans (and presumably sinners)   reaped a harvest. The mains over, all turned homeward. An hour or so later, with the Goya, I was sitting smoking in   the corner of a  picante  watching the hubbub around us, and struggling in vain to throw off the after-dinner laziness that pre- The Yellow Book--Vol. X. K vented 154  La Goya vented me from calling for my horse to take me over the miles   that lay between me and my morning duties, when I again heard   the summons of the drum and beheld a general exodus for the   plaza. "What on earth is up now, Goya ?" I enquired. "The procession, Señor, the procession." The excitement was catching, and we followed the throng. The moon was just clearing the desert hills ; not a breath   stirred. In two long lines, on either side of the avenue of branches,   stood the bare-headed villagers, each carrying a lighted candle.   Borne on men's shoulders, as before, in a blazing haze of incense,   the cross was very slowly passing between these lines, while near   the tabernacle heavy rocket bombs were exploding, and squibs   snapped everywhere. Away in advance walked the major-domos,   or marshals of the procession, with bags full of candles, which   they distributed to all comers. Immediately in front, with their   faces to the cross, two of the men in red now unmasked, danced reverentially to and fro. The musician with his drum and pipe,   puffing and pounding, strode patiently beside them. Lines and   all moved forward at a snail's pace. At the arch the lines bent   toward one of the altars. This reached, a halt was made, and the   cross set down. Many, undoubtedly, feeling that they had ful-   filled their devotional obligations, returned their candles to the   major-domos and sought refreshment at the booth. Still the lines   were well maintained, for others came to join them. When the   march was resumed, a dozen or more women and girls, dressed in white and decked with flowers, took the places of the men as   carriers. The two tireless dancers continued their solemn antics :   they were like the women of Israel dancing before the ark. At   the next altar the two lines knelt down in silence for a long time ;   the drum and fife, and the squibs and bombs, never ceased. When By Samuel Mathewson Scott  155 When I left about eleven, after consigning the Goya to old Juan,   they had not made half the circuit of the square. Heaven knows   how it ended. This is certain, eliminating the element of the cross from these   scenes, I was, during those two days, looking on at customs and   ceremonies as truly relics of the Prehistoric Peruvians as the   pottery I dig out of their graves. If I could only fathom the   meaning it all had for them ! It is useless to seek explanations   from the living ; they do not understand half of it themselves.   They can only shrug their shoulders, and assure you, "It is the   custom, Señor." Yes, but how much is custom and how much is modern interpolation ? I rode home in six hours that night ; not bad time when you   remember the sand. I was up again before eight. One thing   you will be able to appreciate, whatever injury my life in Peru   may have done me, it has not been in the direction of my con-   stitution. October . I hardly know how to tell you what must be told ; it sounds so   sudden, so coarse, so abrupt, but life from beginning to end is   brutality. The Goya is dead. It seems a confirmation of our   sneers to say so. Why should we worry through the years ; why   should we dally with love or struggle with ambition--when the   end of all is a hideous silence ? Beauty and youth with their   irresponsibility--fortune and fame with their envied power, have   but one conclusion. Is it fear that makes us continue the   folly ? After the fiesta of the cross, she and I were very happy--she  had forgotten her old restlessness, even her old vanity. She   wanted to be with me always. We lived an ideal month. With her 156  La Goya her I had always to be the lover ; she never allowed life to become  a reality. Yet it was instinct not calculation that guided her ;   she was one of those women who appeal to our strength ; who   must always be protected and caressed ; whom we love for their   weakness and their womanhood. One day she told me she would   like to go home for a few days, she had not been feeling well, and   I concluded that the request came from nervousness ; still as   months had passed since she had seen her parents I had to yield. She set out in the old way, with her guide and her Dueña. I   remember how I lifted her into the saddle and how she leaned   down to kiss me before they started off in the cool soft air of the   morning. I missed her greatly during the week that followed. With old   Juan I rode away to see her. She met me with a loving gentle-   ness, that now in the after-light, must have been significant.   She begged me to let her remain at home a week or two more.   How could I refuse ? Then a messenger came to tell me she was very ill. I laughed   at the serious note, it could only be a woman's whim ; still, as I   was busy, I sent old Juan to her with orders to engage all the   doctors he could secure if he considered the case urgent. One   morning he came back and told me she was dead. Somehow I   didn't care. I felt annoyance, not sorrow. Yes, she was very   ill when he arrived, but the  curadoras were treating her and he   had had no fear. I upbraided him as I might have done had he   neglected to do a piece of work I had set for him among the cotton fields. He understood me better than I understood myself   and was silent. All I could learn was that she had been very   weak, when a hæmorrhage of some sort seized her. They had   given her the usual  remedios  without result ; she never recovered. I knew she must be buried, but I could not face the duty. I hate By Samuel Mathewson Scott  157 hate death almost as much as I hate life. What a ghastly thing  is that final resolution into our natal clay. I could not see them   put her into the merciless grave. The thought of my mummies   came to me ; would it ever happen that she would make a vandal's  holiday ? After the long years would someone touch her hair in   idle curiosity ? I could not endure the suggestion. It was   better to remember her as a dream that had vanished with the   dawn. I sent old Juan to do what I should have done myself perhaps. They buried her in the village pantheon on the hill that over-  looks the valley. I ordered them to set a cross to mark the spot,   a cross that was inscribed with her name and nothing more.   What did the years matter ? She had lived and she had died as   the world had done and must do for ever. The episode had ended   for her and for me. Some days later her father and her little sister came to see me.   They brought me a  huaco  tied with a blue ribbon, and in a gourd   cage the little blackbird which, they said, she asked them, just before she died, to take to me. In the doleful tones of ostentatious grief, the old man told me of her illness. After several days of   great weakness a hæmorrhage came--it was from the throat or   lungs, he did not know exactly which. It is this feature of her   illness that puzzles me. I know she was more delicately fashioned   than these women usually are, still she seemed quite as robust and   as full of health. I remember now that there was a little cough   occasionally, but who could have dreamed that it was serious. Then he spoke about the funeral, of the crowds, and of the   Mass. He thanked me effusively for my generosity in the matter   of the candles. The people had been greatly impressed ; I had   the sympathy of all who had attended. He dwelt especially upon   the magnificence of the coffin ; nothing so fine had ever been seen 158  La Goya seen in the village before. It was a great pity that I myself had  not been able to go. I tried to be patient, but his voice irritated me. One grows so   tired of seeing these people fingering their hats and patroning and   señoring every three words. As kindly, but as hurriedly, as I   could I sent them away. And now the  huaco , with its incongruous blue ribbon, adorns   my desk, while outside in its cage the blackbird is singing the folly of regret. December . More than a year has passed since she died. Sometimes I have   to cross the river ; there are the same little scenes at the ferry, the   same early clouds hang over the valley, and there is the little house   half way up the hill towards which I used to look so anxiously to   see the light in her room. Why do such visits make me feel sad   and restless, I wonder ? Did I really love her, or did she only   stir my imagination ? Who can say ? On my desk is the  huaco  with its wilted ribbon still untouched.   Now and then, as I rummage among drawers and pigeon-holes, I find one of her old letters. Always, even in the days of our   deepest intimacy, they began with the same stiff, copy-book   formula : "Esteemed Señor,--I take my pen in my hand to write   you these four words," although there were sure to be as many   pages. Some of them coax me to come and bring her back from   one of her innumerable visits ; some of them tell me of approach-   ing fandangos in such terms that I might almost fancy that my   happiness alone was being considered ; some of them beg irresistibly for something without which existence might become impossible ; others thank me rapturously for a present that has made her joy   complete. Poor little Goya, how she gloried in the externals ! A new By Samuel Mathewson Scott  159 A new dress, a pair of earrings, a glittering ring, and she couldn't  have loved me more. I don't know why the world changed after she had gone.   Manuel and Francisco dragged me into all the festivities. There   were baptisms and haircuttings and carnivals to divert me ; but   they all palled. It seemed as if it had been the Goya who   gave the enthusiasm and the happiness to those old scenes of   revelry. I dropped back into my former indifference, yet it was not the same, for resentment lay behind it, a resentment   that never found expression ; perhaps it never knew its own   meaning. As the months vanished old Juan spoke enticingly of new   beauties that were worth a Gringo's wooing, but they never   roused a moment's interest. The Goya's eyes laughed mockingly   behind the fairest face. How awkward the women seemed when   I remembered her coquetries. Juan could not understand ; women were women--what made me so capricious ? All the   beauty in the world had not vanished with the Goya. It was   madness to allow the past to shadow the present. Why, many a   woman had died when he was young. He had been sorry--yes,   but it was better to forget. When feasts were approaching which   we had celebrated together, he has come to remind me of the   pleasures of the year before. "Come, Patron, do you not remember how much you enjoyed   it ? Let us go again. Who knows who will be there--you will   find another much better than the Goya, never fear. Had we   not urged you, you would never have gone to the fandango at   which you met her. If she were chance, may not chance bring   something more delightful still ? She was only a Cholita, Patron ;   there are many more." But if I went or if I stayed, it made no difference. There was 160  La Goya was no excitement in the noise, no spontaneity in the gladness. I   could see only creatures unworthy--uninteresting. I grew very restless. I devoted myself to antiquities. I   worked among the ruins and the graves. I read the old   authorities. I even travelled all over Peru to visit the relics of   the ancient time ; but contentment has never come to me. I listen while my two companions tell me how light loves   make light hearts. Often in the early dawn, they awaken me   with their jingling spurs and sit on the edge of my bed to recount   the delights of the fiesta from which they have just returned. It   all seems gay enough, but somehow it never arouses me. Better   indifference than disappointment. Those long rides had a   meaning once, but now they only bring fatigue and discontent.   The desert is not so beautiful as I once imagined. Even the physical world seems to be betraying me. I thought   that at least I was secure of the sunlight, but it too is dimmed.   It has glittered through the seven years allotted to it, and now   the time of the great torrents is approaching. We rarely see the   sun until ten o'clock ; a chilling hurricane blows all day long.   At evening great misty hosts come out of the sea, storm the   headlands, and swarm over the plains like an invasion ; the night   shuts black and cold, often with a drizzling cheerless rain. The brightness has gone out of the air just as comfort and peace of   mind seem to have gone out of my life. Do you remember the little blackbird ? It became a great   pet. It woke us in the morning with its melody, came to the   table with us, ate from our plates, sat on our shoulders and sang   in our ears. It was happy and busy always. It seemed to have   lost all sense of the need of any companionship save ours. A few   weeks ago, Francisco, who had taken a great fancy to the little   fellow, bought a pair of the same breed to send to some woman in Lima. By Samuel Mathewson Scott  161 Lima. We had them here in a cage for a week. One of them   was very young and chirped all day for food. Ours, which   proved to be a female, spent hours in feeding it. She seemed   beside herself with pleasure in the new labour. One night a boat   came and the new birds were sent away. Next day our pet was   disconsolate. She sought high and low for her nursling, and   came to us as if asking help. The morning after, she was   missing, and she has never come back again. The instinct of   home had been awakened, and she had started off across the   desert to rejoin her long forgotten kin. Somehow her departure   seemed to me to be an omen. My homing instincts, too, have begun to stir, and I am going back to you across the desert of the sea. I. A Dream II. Mother and Child By A Lady Loved a Rose By   Renée de Coutans HER heart o'erbrimming with much love unsought, A lady loved a rose. . . . . . . . . . . Through sun-flecked paths she wandered dreamily, By greeny lawns, and trees, and singing birds (Her heart o'erbrimming with much love unsought). And passed she by a rose-bush, bearing graciously A flowered burden, lovely, sweet (Her own heart burdened with its love unsought). She plucked an offering, fair bud, And pressed it fondly to her lips (Her heart distraught), When lo ! the tender penetrating scent Deep nestled to her heart (Unsought). And 168  A Lady Loved a Rose And stirred that Love a longing there, Which leapt to the soft purple leaves, And fainted in a kiss, A kiss of joy full satisfied at last (Her heart was brimming with such love unsought). Our River By  Mrs. Murray Hickson IN these wonderful days of late September--hot as August, yet   filled with the finality and sadness of Autumn--there come   to me, beside the river, many imaginings, quaint, grotesque, and   pathetic. Here, where the sunshine falls in quivering patches   between closely-growing leaves, where the water rests, without   stir or ripple, under the shadows ; here, where the current is so  slow that my boat, tied bow and stern to hazel boughs, moves not,  neither swings one inch from her moorings--here I lie and, as   befits the height of such an Indian summer, dream the hours away, in company with my own thoughts and the soft stir and   rustle of insect life around me. Beneath the spell of this golden  weather one learns the great lesson of tranquillity. Now, if never  before, do I realise that the best thing in life (and beyond it for  aught we know) is peace--peace profound, warm and unruffled--   peace so touched with knowledge and accustomed sadness that   sorrow has no power to disturb it--peace such as one finds any   afternoon during the last few weeks, upon the banks, or on the   bosom of this deep-set stream of ours. For nothing disturbs its   still flow ; not even the floods which, at times, sweep down its   course from the higher lands above. It swells, and rises--true.   But the current runs only more full, not less quietly ; the move- ment 170  Our River ment towards the sea is just as smooth and imperceptible ; the   surface remains impenetrable and dark as ever. Lately, day after day, under hot sunshine, the river has lain   placid as a lake. Slowly past my boat, leaves and twigs drift   downward with the stream ; so slowly that they seem to move of   their own accord, unpropelled by any force greater than a fragile   volition. Now and again a daddy-longlegs, caught in the   miniature  débris  of twigs and grasses, struggles vainly for liberty  --a discordant note in the universal acquiescence. One sees   nothing, one feels nothing, save rest ; rest absolute and uncon-   ditional ; rest accentuated by the lazy hum of gnats, undisturbed   by the occasional soft plop and gurgle of a fish as he rises to the  glassy surface. As yet the trees have hardly begun to turn, but,   here and there, a mass of yellow outlines itself against the dusky green of deeper woods beyond. The leaves which strew the river,   a gently moving carpet, are unfaded, though now and again one   notices two or three more shrivelled than the rest--Autumn is   upon us but Summer lingers still. I wonder could any  young  man   or woman appreciate such a place in such weather ? Surely one   needs the experience of middle age to understand and value the   tranquillity of these loitering hours. Up and down the banks at far distances are stationed fisher-   men, dozing through long days from early morning till the sun   sets and mists begin to gather. No one of them is near enough   to be disturbed by his neighbour ; each stands alone, isolated and   apart, content with his own company and the occasional capture   of an unwary pike or roach. The struggles and death of the   victim are blots upon Nature's tranquillity ; yet they pass swiftly  and leave behind them a calm deepened by contrast with the momentary turmoil. Rings in the water ; splashes ; a plunging fish--then gasping silence, and hot sunshine on silver scales, half hidden By Mrs. Murray Hickson  171 hidden in lush-growing grass. After that, once again spells of   dreaming, and the lazy waiting for a bite, longed for, yet partly   to be deprecated. No one under these cloudless skies of Autumn   wishes to bestir himself and, for my part, fishing appears to me a   sheer barbarity, for which I am at once too indolent and too   humane. Yet, without marring her quietude, our river also gathers in   her toll. Only last week a boat was found floating, bottom up-   wards, near the place where we are wont to bathe. The water   just there is deep ; one cannot see the bottom. Close beside the   difficult banks is standing-place indeed ; but a standing-place of   mud so soft that the straining feet are drawn into its slimy depths.  This upturned boat puzzled us, but, on such a day, danger seemed   infinitely distant, and I, for one, gave the derelict craft no second  thought until, as we sculled homewards through gathering twilight, we came upon men dragging the quiet river for drowned bodies.   Even so the thing appeared monstrous, impossible ; and we drifted   onwards, deeming it an ugly, baseless scare. Do you remember the lines which preface one of Rudyard   Kipling's tales ? Tweed said tae Till, "What gaes ye rin sae still ?" Till said tae Tweed, " Though ye rin wi' speed, And I rin slaw, For each man ye droon, I droon twa." Well, our river is like that ; just so gentle and remorseless. They  found the poor bodies next day--quiet enough now, and still for   evermore ; unable to tell us one word of that fight for life which   had taken place under the hot, bright sunshine ; unable to say whether 172  Our River whether--at the last--the river gave to them its own unfathomable calm. I have felt, since this episode, a certain awe mingled with my   love for the restful river ; that awe with which any force, at once   placid and resistless, must always inspire us. A few days ago I   saw two girls out alone, high up the stream, just where thick   woodlands slope to the water's edge. Here, in a narrow cliff,   nestled amidst close-growing trees, the sand-martins build ; and   here long tangled trails of blackberry dangle and dip beneath the   current. Here too it is exceedingly difficult to effect a landing   and, if one be not a strong swimmer, the task is well nigh hope- less. I looked at the girls, and I looked at the boat. It was the very   boat out of which those two poor lads last week had lost their lives.  The girls were laughing and light-hearted ; the busy birds flew   hither and thither : above our heads a golden sun blazed in a   sapphire sky, and sky and birds and girls were all mirrored, clear   as life, in the still waters on which we rested. At that moment   the river seemed to me like Death--resistless, cruel, inevitable,   yet with a beauty which I could neither gainsay nor comprehend.   I wonder, when we really know, whether Death too may prove a   Great Tranquillity. I. Ill Omen II. The Sleeping Princess By Kathy By   Oswald Sickert AT a little after nine o'clock one evening towards the end of   August, Mrs. Lee-Martin, her daughters Eva and Clara, her   niece, Katharine Shinner, and a kind of cousin, Huddleston, were   all sitting in the vestibule attached to the ball-room of the Dieppe   Casino. A waltz had just been played, and the next dance was   the "Berline," an invention of the dancing master's which the   Lee-Martins did not know, so they had an interval for watching and discussing the people. They had been in Dieppe a week, and the chief object of their   discussions was a young man of twenty, a Mr. Reynolds, whom   they all disliked. He was not tall, he had dark brown curly hair   which parted well in the middle, a taking face with clear complexion   and clean features ; he dived and danced admirably ; he was   always exquisitely dressed, his manners were easy, and he was a   great favourite with his partners. Eva and Clara had quarrelled with everything about him, including his long brown overcoat   with a waist, which was so effeminate. Huddleston, who dressed  very quietly, generously defended him. Mrs. Lee-Martin did not   fancy the style of some of the girls with whom Reynolds danced,   and she was just as well pleased her girls did not like him. Kathy exceeded the rest of the party in her objection to Reynolds; 180  Kathy Reynolds ; indeed she felt so strongly on the subject that she   could not bring herself to join in the perpetual discussions of his   faults, vexed that her two grown-up cousins should talk so much   of him--he was so very far removed from her ideal of what a man   should be. And now she talked to her aunt rather than watch   him dancing the "Berline." She was an orphan and just sixteen,   very sensitive, sometimes a little oppressed by her position as   guest of the Lee-Martins, a poor relation with no particular   prospects ; though she was wise enough to see that they gave her   no reason for this feeling, probably never thought about her position except with the wish to help freely and gaily. But she   was altogether sensitive and troubled by a pride which had come   upon her early. Meanwhile Reynolds was saying to himself every five minutes :   "I really must dance with the younger Miss Lee-Martin to-night." He had been settled in Dieppe a good fortnight when the Lee-   Martins arrived, and so he had not thought it his duty to dance   with the girls after his  introduction at the tennis-club.   They were to his mind unnecessarily English : they walked about   all day in men's straw hats, the eternal shirt or blouse and serge   skirt. However, he had played in a set with Clara that afternoon,   so he really would have to dance with her. He was thoroughly enjoying his stay in Dieppe ; it was his independent outing, and everything, including his overcoat,   had been successful. The  time he went out in it he had felt   shy : it was just the latest thing, and he hardly knew yet whether   he was the kind of person who could afford to dress fashionably.   However, it had turned out all right. He especially liked the   way in which the brown sleeve sat over the white shirt cuff, and   contrasted with the dress gloves when he wore the coat in the   evening. He had been in Dieppe many times before ; but he had By Oswald Sickert  181 had not done the whole business properly, and he was delighted to   find that he had fallen on his feet, that he could do all that was   wanted as well as or better than any one else, and that therefore   he was in request everywhere. He had never been so unreservedly   light-hearted, so filled with the joy of existence. He had danced the  dances with his usual partners, for he   always put off" a change ; but at last he came round to the Lee-   Martins' corner, and asked Clara for a dance. Kathy was sitting   behind her, intensely interested ; Clara had a good chance now of   being distant to him. "I'm sorry I'm engaged for the next, and after that comes the   entr acte, and we don t stay for the second part." Kathy was filled with glee at the answer ; but she did not   think Clara looked very happy as Reynolds walked away and her   partner came to fetch her, and she was decidedly silent walking   back to the hotel. At the next ball, Clara bowed and smiled so charmingly to   Reynolds right at the beginning of the evening that he   immediately asked her for a dance, and Kathy was shocked to see   her start off with him in evident delight. She watched them   dancing. Reynolds had conquered. When the waltz was over and Reynolds brought Clara to her   seat again, he was begging her to stay after the entr'acte--then   was the best time. Towards the end of the evening the room   became empty, and only the superior people stayed. Clara turned   round and looked at her mother while Reynolds stood in front of   her. "I don't know whether mother would care to stay." "Oh, I think we had better go back, dear ; we shall be so   late." But Kathy knew the opposition would not last for ever, and at the 182  Kathy the next ball the party stayed on till the end. Kathy, thinking   she might be an obstacle--her aunt would certainly wish her to go   to bed before eleven--suggested of her own accord that Huddleston   should see her back to the hotel after the  part. She felt as if   Huddleston were being wronged by Clara's sudden conversion   to Reynolds. Till now he had been the mainstay of the three   girls at the balls, dancing regularly with them all ; he had not   even troubled to be introduced to any other partners, although   there were plenty to be had. It was true he did not dance well,   but he was such a good honest fellow, unselfish and simple. He had always been about with them, and they were grateful, for it is agreeable to have a cavalier. He was well-intentioned and equally   polite to all four ladies ; but Clara was the more charming of the   two sisters, and it was evidently she who made their company   pleasant to him. Now Kathy saw that he would continue to do   everything he could for them ; but that Reynolds might step in at   any moment and perform the pleasanter duties. So she talked   cheerfully to Huddleston during their walk back to the hotel, making him tell her about his plans and the kind of work he would like to do when he was ordained. Reynolds had been surprised to find that Clara Lee-Martin   danced well, better than any of his former partners ; and instead   of being bored with his duty, he danced with her more and more,   found that she was pretty, and that she liked his company. So   he saw a great deal of her, bathed with her, and made her come to   the end of the wooden pier and dive off instead of going into the   water from the beach, sat near the Lee-Martins at concerts, and   went with them to eat cakes at all the confectioners down the   Grande Rue. They still talked of Reynolds a good deal, but   no longer with disapproval. Clara would repeat his good stories,   and they would wonder what his people were like: his father and By Oswald Sickert  183 and mother were at Carlsbad, two elder brothers fishing in   Norway, and they were all to meet in Paris towards the end of   September. On the Sunday, ten days after their  dance, Reynolds was   wondering at lunch-time whether he should be able to find Clara   Lee-Martin anywhere in the afternoon. She would probably be   going out for a walk, and he might join her. Sunday managed to   be rather a blank day, even in Dieppe, chiefly because most of the   English colony would not dance in the evening, and as Reynolds   did not go to either of the churches, he never knew where the people had got to. He felt shy of walking into the hotel to ask   for her ; but she was often on the balcony outside her window,   and anyhow, if she were going out, he could watch for her.   After waiting about near the hotel for a quarter of an hour,   thinking what a fool he was to cling to so small a chance, she   appeared at her window. He walked back quickly towards the   hotel and saluted her, and then came up close under the balcony. "Are you going for a walk this afternoon ?" "Yes, we're going to Pourville." "Might I come with you ? " She nodded her head, smiling, and went in. Reynolds moved   away and looked at a bicycle shop further on. That was a piece   of good luck ! He imagined how empty he would have felt all   the afternoon if chance had not turned so well and given him the   occupation he wished for. After a few minutes Huddleston   appeared from the hotel and sat down at one of the little iron tables. Reynolds was doubtful what to do ; he thought Huddle-  ston probably did not approve of him, and probably too he would   not be over pleased to know that he was going to join them ; but   it seemed too silly to roam about close to him and say nothing,   and he was in good spirits and well-intentioned towards everyone, so 184  Kathy so he went up to him and began talking pleasantly. Soon he saw   Clara coming downstairs, she was turning her head back, calling   out something to her sister. She smiled when she saw Reynolds,   went to the edge of the pavement to look at the sky, and asked   Huddleston his opinion on the weather, which he gave as an   authority. Her mother was going to call on the English curate's   wife. Eva and Kathy came out together. Kathy was disgusted to see that Reynolds had calmly made himself one of the party. Through the town and up the Faubourg they walked all pretty   evenly together ; but when they reached the division in the road,   where the houses stop, and the short cut goes straight up, narrow   and overhung with trees, the party divided naturally; Huddleston   walked in front with Eva and Kathy, and Reynolds a few feet   behind with Clara. Kathy was angrier than ever ; poor, manly,   honest Huddleston had only two more days in Dieppe and this fop   had appropriated Clara. Reynolds was chattering and Clara laughing incessantly. He talked of parents and their ways till   Clara had to stand still for laughing ; then of schoolmasters, and   Kathy would have laughed herself as she overheard him, if she   had not been so angry and so sorry for Huddleston--he was talk-  ing with Eva about the train service between London and   Haslemere. Reynolds evidently overhead them, for he began an   absurd description of Waterloo station and its difficulties ; there   seemed no end to his drivel--indeed Reynolds was in very good   spirits. They reached the top of the hill and walked on the high road a   few hundred yards till Reynolds said from behind that they must   go by the cliff, so they turned off the road to the right. Reynolds   declared that it was one of the most exhilarating and inspiring   spots in the world, and made Clara stand still and look about her.   Of course every one knew that the cliff path to Pourville was lovely, By Oswald Sickert  185 lovely, and it was just like Reynolds' impertinence to pose before   Clara as a discoverer. Kathy wondered how Clara could be so   easily satisfied with this man's conversation and dictatorial ways of   amusing her. Huddleston stopped to show Eva a pretty and rare kind of   butterfly on their path--he was learned in science, and the butter-  fly was one of his strong points. Before, Clara had always shown   interest in Huddleston s explanations ; but now she passed by   talking to Reynolds. Kathy now had Reynolds in front of her as they began to go   down hill into the valley, and she was acutely sensible of the   differences between Reynolds' and Huddleston's appearance. She   noticed how Reynolds' coat sat well round the collar, Huddleston's   came up too far behind in a point so as almost to hide it ;   Reynolds black straw hat made a successful angle on his head,   Huddleston was wearing an old yellow straw trimmed with the colours of some out-of-the-way school ; the crisp curls of   Reynolds' dark hair left off clean at the neck, Huddleston's   short fair hair had no definite ending ; Huddleston's nose reached   some way beyond the shade of his hat, hence it was scarlet   with the sun ; Reynolds' complexion was deliciously clean and   pale--in fact he was a dark man, and she came to the conclusion   that a fair man, however good looking, could never look smart.   The comparison made her angrier still. Reynolds and Clara raced laughing down the last few yards,   which ran very steep : Huddleston began trotting in a feeble way,   and Eva followed. Kathy would not run, make a fool of herself   just because Reynolds had chosen to set the example. When they reached the road again which crossed the valley   parallel to the beach, Kathy was some way behind the two   couples. She saw Reynolds and Clara stand on the little iron bridge 186  Kathy bridge and watch the stream, and then turn to the right and   clamber over the high shelf of shingle which hid the sea from   view. Eva and Huddleston stood for a moment uncertain whether   to follow them ; finally they did. Kathy came up to the bridge   and leant over, fascinated by the rush of the stream into the tunnel   under the shingle ; she would wait till the others came back.   However they were longer than she had expected, and as they were hidden by the shingle bank, she thought they might be   walking along the beach, so she scrambled up the shifting   mountain of pebbles and found them all four standing on the end   of a long wooden box which enclosed the stream for someway   after its reappearance. She walked along the slippery uneven   planks ; it certainly was a fascinating place, with the water rush-   ing below her feet. They were discussing tea. "Of course there s only one possible place," Reynolds was say-  ing. "You can't go anywhere else but the Casino--surely you've   been there ? Oh, but it's immense, you must see it ! The pro-  prietor is a famous cook, and has a telephone to Dieppe, so that   people may order dinner and lunch and then come out to eat it.   And the big room is a sort of picture gallery ; there are two   magnificent Monets there, portraits of the proprietor and his wife.   You must come ; it's one of the sights of Normandy." They walked on to the Casino. Kathy admitted to herself that   it was strange, but very ugly and stupidly arranged. You could   not see the sea at all ; the Casino, which was really a restaurant,   faced another building which evidently contained the kitchen ; a   few carriages stood in the yard at the end of the space between   the two buildings, and people were sitting about at tables. The   famous picture-gallery was a ridiculously ugly room with dreadful   pictures on the walls, little tables all the way up on each side, an   old and dusty petits-chevaux machine at the top ; and the two magnificent By Oswald Sickert  187 magnificent portraits were absurd. As they turned to walk out   again, Reynolds pointed to a group of people playing cards in a   little side room ; the old man sitting with his wife at the head of   the green baize table, he said, was the proprietor, and Kathy had   to own to herself that the portraits were wonderfully like. They   took a table outside and ordered tea, Reynolds insisting on having   a galette you--couldn't come to Pourville and not have a galette,   it was the proper thing to do--and he explained that it was   no question of whether you liked galette or not, you had to   have it. "My dear, you ll have to do many things in life which you   don't like." During tea, Kathy noticed more than ever on what easy terms   Reynolds and Clara stood after so short an acquaintance. He   had taken to calling her "Miss Claire," in imitation of a French-  man whom he had overheard asking her for a dance ; and the   name suited so well, besides overcoming the confusion between   the sisters, that all her partners, even Huddleston, had caught   up the habit. But Kathy was most shocked at this sign of familiarity. Miss Claire had a way of yawning, when she was bored, in   a subdued fashion, without opening her mouth. Reynolds had   noticed this at once at a concert, and had caught her eye and   made her smile, and this had grown to be a joke between them.   Reynolds was always catching her eye during a yawn, and made her smile every time. He was certainly very quick, and was so   gay and polite that he did not appear exactly impertinent. But   Kathy did not like this secret understanding between them, and   wished he had come across a girl who would have made things a   little more difficult for him. After tea they started back again, walking abreast along the 188  Kathy the road. Huddleston gave them mathematical puzzles, guessing   numbers : "Odd or even ? How many sevens in it ?" Or else : "Reverse the order of the pounds shillings and pence, subtract,   add ... ." Climbing the cliff, the party divided as before. When the   three reached the top, Huddleston stopped and said he would try   the height of the cliff. He took out his watch and let a stone drop   upon the beach below. He had done it before. Clara and   Reynolds came up and stood by, Reynolds pretending interest in   the operation, though Kathy felt that he thought it stupid. Huddleston, as usual, found some difficulty in his trick, because   he could not tell when the stone reached the bottom, so he   made Eva watch for it and call out "Now." After he had worked   out the sum, and Reynolds had said it was very clever, they   walked on again all together. Clara and Reynolds had evidently   been discussing pictures on their way up. Clara had no particular   opinions of her own in this matter ; but Reynolds' admiration for   the ugly old lady s portrait at Pourville had led her to the usual   statement about ugly subjects. Reynolds, of course, had begun by arguing that because a face was, humanly speaking, ugly, that did not prevent its being a beautiful subject for a picture; and he went   on to the more general statement that the painter was not in the   least concerned with the ordinary human meaning of his subject. "A painter I know was making a sketch in the Brompton   Road ; a man watched him for a moment, and then said : 'Why,   you re drawing Tattersall's !' Without stopping work the painter   answered in a vague, innocent voice : 'Oh, am I ?' The man   almost shrieked with amazement and indignation : 'What ! You   don't even know what you re drawing ?'" Clara By Oswald Sickert  189 Clara laughed, Kathy laughed too ; she saw it was a good   illustration ; she looked at Huddleston's face--perhaps he had not   quite followed. "And if you enlarge upon the story, it comes out very well.   The old critics are standing in front of a picture ; 'How dis-   gusting ! The man s painted a dung-heap !' One of them adds :   'Ah, but there s a flower on it ; that redeems the picture.'   People think that s good. The young critics come up and say :   'Of course a dung-heap, why not ? A dung-heap is delight- ful, just as good as a bed of roses. Everybody cheers and repeats   the discovery. At last the painter comes and looks at it, and says   to himself, 'Yes, I suppose it is a dung-heap ; I never thought   of that before. How clever people are !'" But Kathy found a way out of the difficulty. What Reynolds   had said was clever, of course. It would do well in an article. But   it wasn't original ; he had picked it up somewhere. That settled   it. Huddleston was not amusing ; but at any rate he was manly   and not a humbug, pretending to know about all sorts of things of   which he was ignorant. But was Huddleston s trick with the   stone and the cliff original, she suddenly thought. He hadn't   discovered that ; some one must have taught him. Was the only   difference then really that he was dull and Reynolds was amusing? She gave up the argument ; but only felt the more indignant with Reynolds. The morning after Huddleston had left, Mrs. Lee-Martin,   Clara and Kathy were sitting on the terrace. Eva had stayed at   home to write letters. Reynolds had a cold and was not going   to bathe ; he was standing between Clara and her mother   talking. After some discussion Clara decided to bathe, and she   walked off to get her ticket ; she turned back and said to her   cousin : "Perhaps 190  Kathy "Perhaps I'd better leave you my watch and things. Do you   mind taking them ?" Kathy laid her book on the parapet, and Clara pulled out her   watch and gave it into her hands and then threw two gold   bracelets and a ring into her lap and went off. Kathy laid the   watch on her lap, took up the ring and slowly put it on her finger.   Reynolds was looking at her. How was it he'd never noticed   before that she was very pretty ? He watched her face as she pushed   the  bangle over her hand ; her colour had risen, her eyes  were sparkling with delight and her lips were parted in a smile. She did look lovely. Just because she had her hair down and wore   a simple black dress, he had taken no notice of her, and how   handsome her yellow hair looked all about her shoulders with one   curl coming across her flushed cheek. It was pretty to see the   girl's delight, and Reynolds was smiling too out of pure pleasure.   When Kathy was just slipping the second bracelet over the   knuckles of her left hand, she became aware that Reynolds had   been watching her j she stopped and looked up at him quickly and found sure enough that he was watching and smiling. She   twisted the bracelet for a second upon her hand as if she were in   no hurry, and then drew it off and then the other and the ring.   She was furious, she could have thrown the things over the parapet;   but she let them lie on her lap and took up her book. Reynolds,   of all people in the world, that detestable fop, was smiling at the   childishness of the poor girl who had no trinkets. Reynolds saw her blush ; she was shy, perhaps he had been rude   to stare so. He spoke a few words to Mrs. Lee-Martin and went   down to the beach, thinking how pretty the niece was--prettier   than anyone there. It showed how boyishly stupid he was ; because   she wasn't grown up and still had her hair down, he'd never   looked at her attentively. And now there was so little time left-- they By Oswald Sickert  191 they were going on the morrow. The days had passed so easily,   spent in pleasant intercourse with pleasant people ; and now just   at the end was he going to be tormented by the regret that he   had neglected this beautiful girl, and by the sudden desire to talk   to her, when he had had the opportunity a dozen times a day for the   last weeks ? That evening there was a ball ; it was his only   chance, for he was engaged for a tennis-party all the available part   of the afternoon. Instead of being light-hearted he would leave   Dieppe with a sting in his mind. Kathy had felt the necessity of taking up arms against Reynolds   and vindicating her sex. A fop vain of his fashionable clothes,   contented with his looks, always dangling about with ladies,   evidently thinking of nothing else, he was all a man should not   be. It was a duty to crush this odious type of man, and as others   did not do it, the duty fell upon her. Sometimes she was oppressed   because an opportunity did not come ; surely it would be her own   fault if she did not find one. It was a duty ; but it would be   sweet too, sweet and exciting to rise to the height of her scorn for   him and show him that though she was only a girl of sixteen, and he had never asked her for a dance, had hardly even spoken to her,   she was the one with a clear idea of what a man should be. This   would pay for the eternal conversation her party had carried on   about Reynolds. The consideration of possible occasions when   she might crush him weighed on her mind; she was always either   making herself indignant against him or acting her part at some   splendid opportunity. But that morning's incident had given her   an acute personal feeling against Reynolds. In the evening Reynolds got out of an engagement to dinner,   and came early to the Casino. He knew the ball would not begin   for half an hour, and that it was no use being there, and yet he   could not have kept away any longer. He was troubled by the peculiar 192  Kathy peculiar restlessness attaching to the hope of meeting and talking   to one particular person in an assembly. He had wandered in and   out of the rooms and corridors, and he finally sat down on one of   the leather sofas in the petits-chevaux room, whence he could see   into the vestibule of the ball-room every time a person passed   through the swing-doors. He had determined not to look again   until twenty people had passed through. The twenty- showed   him the Lee-Martins walking into the ball-room. They evidently   were not going to occupy their usual row of chairs in the vestibule ;   it was no longer very hot and the dances were not crowded, so they were going inside. But he had not seen Kathy. He jumped   up and pushed open the doors, and found her in the corner on his   left hand talking across the counter of the cloak-room. She was   explaining in charming French about an umbrella she had lost.   She did not turn round, and Reynolds waited till the woman left   the counter and dived into a remote corner of her little place. He   had thought over his sudden liking for Kathy, the obvious question   which would arise in her mind was, "Why didn't he ask me   before ?" and she might well be offended. He had tried to defend his neglect of her ; but it was plain that if he had wanted, he would have asked her long ago. He said humbly : "Miss Shinner, could you give me a dance this evening ?"   Kathy had glanced to the side when the door swung open, and   had seen Reynolds. She took no notice of him and went on explain   ing her business, pleased that her French was so superior. She was   surprised when she felt that he stopped beside her ; she thought   of course he would go on into the ball room. When she heard   her name she felt a great leap in her throat, she turned to him-- "Thanks, no--" and looked him down, from top to bottom.   He was wearing his fine long coat and white evening gloves, his right By Oswald Sickert  193 right hand rested on a silver-headed stick and held his soft black  hat. The poor boy bowed his head, murmured "Thank you"   and went back through the swing doors into the petits-chevaux   room. When Kathy was sitting in her seat next to her aunt she   recognised how excited she had been ; her hands were trembling   and her knees felt weak ; the excitement continued for a long   time. The music began and she wondered how Reynolds would   look when he came in--he always danced the  dance with   Miss Claire. He had told her that he liked to begin the evening   well, for then he came on to the less satisfactory partners in good   spirits, and ever since that compliment Clara had never been late.   Kathy became uneasy as the waltz drew to a close and Reynolds   did not appear. They were all talking as if nothing were the   matter ; but Kathy knew how disappointed Clara must be at the   unexpected breach of one of those little arrangements which are so precious and give such an intimate excitement to life.   Two more dances passed and still Reynolds was not there. Eva   said : "Mr. Reynolds' cold must be worse." "He was playing tennis with the Sandeman party this after-  noon," Clara added ; "perhaps that made it worse." Kathy was relieved ; she had not known whether the Lee-   Martins had seen Reynolds with her or not. "It isn't like Mr. Reynolds to stay away from a dance for a   cold," Clara went on, " and I know he specially wanted to come   to-night. He said yesterday evening that the last ball wasn't such   a melancholy occasion when all the party were leaving on the same   day ; and he s going to Paris to-morrow." Kathy's astonishment had changed to an uncomfortable guilty   feeling, and finally to indignation. The fop was offended because   she would not dance with him, and so his lordship in a huff would The Yellow Book--Vol. X. M not 194  Kathy not dance with her sweet cousin, though he must know that she   depended on him for the enjoyment of her last evening. He   simply had no right to behave so ; it was scandalous. No doubt   he did it on purpose, knowing that she would be vexed and feel   guilty if he did not come and dance with Clara. That would be   like Reynolds--always catching on to girls weaknesses, no doubt   flattering himself upon his insight. The Lee-Martins left at the entr'acte. Only two of their   partners were still dancing, and they were chiefly engaged with   another party ; besides, they were of no account in Clara's eyes.   Kathy felt deeply for Clara's disappointment as the little party   walked silently back to the hotel ; she knew better than any one   how much such a thing as a last ball meant to her. When he left Kathy, Reynolds had dropped into his sofa again,   with a pain across his chest. He did not remember ever to have   been so hurt as he was by her refusal ; he had asked so humbly.   She had a perfect right to be offended with him for having put off   asking her until the very last day. What could he do to make   amends ? How pretty she had looked. The music began, but   he could not make up his mind to go into the ball-room. It was Miss Claire's dance ; she would be disappointed. It was shame-  ful not to go in and dance with her ; and yet, if he could bring   himself to do so, Kathy would think he was callous and did not   mind. He was tormented with doubt. He went outside and   looked through a window into the ball-room and saw the girls   sitting. He wondered whether they had seen him talking to   Kathy ; at any rate, Kathy would probably say that she had spoken to him. What right had he to disappoint Miss Claire because he   was sulky ? He would go and dance the second dance. He went   and looked round the door and came back. It was not sulkiness ;   he was so hurt at Kathy's refusal. The second dance finished. Now By Oswald Sickert   195 Now it would really be awkward for him to go in, and yet he   knew he ought. The  dance passed. How dreary it was   wandering about ! Each time a dance began he made up his   mind to get the better of his mood ; but they all passed, and he   was too weak to overcome his discomfiture. And it was the last   day. He saw them leave after the  part, and he knew he had   behaved abominably to his gracious companion of the last weeks.   He wandered about inconsolably until the end of the ball, and then   went miserably to bed. The next morning he hardly knew how he could face the Lee-   Martins ; yet he must go to the Casino and see them. They were   leaving at one o'clock, and he at four. It was a wonderfully still day, sunny and misty. The lazy flag   near the bathing-place drooped motionless at the masthead. That   flag, the point to which his eye was always directed on enter-  ing the Casino, was the symbol of numberless happy mornings ;   but never had he enjoyed Dieppe so much as this year. The   morning air was sweet with the scent from the thickly packed   flower-beds. He leant in at one of the open windows of the hall,   and listened to M. Anschütz playing. The piano rang out with bell tones in the empty room. The music and the sight of   the artist wrapped up in his work, playing alone in the cool, dimly   lighted hall (for the blinds were drawn all along the sunny side),   brought tears to his eyes ; and he wished his stay in Dieppe could   have ended well, and sighed as he took his arms ofF the window-   sill. He walked round the building, and stood for some time   looking at the terrace. Only a thin line of people were sitting in   the shade of the long awning. Everything was still. A little   fleet of fishing-boats lay motionless outside the harbour ; they might have been floating in the sky, for there was no horizon. He had 196  Kathy had never seen the sea so calm. It was early yet, and the Lee-  Martins would be still packing. He hoped they would come ;  and yet why should he be tormented in his mind, prevented from  enjoying the melancholy sweetness of his last morning ? It was a quarter to twelve before they appeared, and Reynolds  had been growing anxious. The three girls were alone ; Mrs.   Lee-Martin had evidently not thought it worth while to come   down for a quarter of an hour. " How are you this morning, Mr. Reynolds ? " Clara asked as   he came towards them, " I was so sorry you didn't come to the   dance last night." " Oh thanks, I think I'm all right again. I didn't feel at all fit   for dancing yesterday evening." Then they stood against the parapet looking at the sea.   Reynolds felt very humble and penitent and so kindly disposed   towards the three girls, he would have liked to do something to   show them his warm feelings ; but they talked of the calm   passage to Newhaven, and when he would come back from Paris,   and of such matters. Eva and Clara had to fetch their things from the bathing-woman, so Reynolds followed the two girls down   the steps, and stood about at some distance from the woman's  cabin. Then he wondered whether he could go up again and   just have a word with Kathy ; he was longing to speak to her.   He moved back slowly, then ran up the steps and came towards   her. She stood still, taking no notice of his approach ; she simply detested him, and his behaviour the night before had completed her scorn for him. He said very humbly : "Miss Shinner, I'm so sorry if I've offended you. I wish you'd  tell me what I ve done." "You owe me no apologies. You weren't in a position to   offend me," she began hotly ; then she stopped, she was trembling so By Oswald Sickert   197 so violently with excitement and her head began to whirl ; but  she distinctly felt vexed that her cousins came up just at that   moment and put an end to the scene. The boy felt a great lump   in his throat ; he couldn't think of anything to say in the short   time left for him, only in a thick voice "You judge very hardly ;   I suppose you have the right to. . ." He turned to Clara and Eva and told them he was waiting to   see some one, so he would say good-bye there. Kathy had hardly   noticed his answer, she was so indignant and excited ; but she   could scarcely believe her senses when she saw that his eyes looked  dim. *    *    *    *    * A week afterwards, on the morning of September 22nd, Kathy   was standing in the dormitory near the chest of drawers at her   bed-side. She had never been away to a boarding-school before.   She had arrived the previous afternoon, leaving the Lee-Martins   happily settled in their home in London, engrossed in shopping   and other interesting occupations, and she did envy them their   happiness. Every one else had such exciting lives. Here she was,   at school in Eastbourne, among all these strange girls who knew   the place so well and had laughed and chatted contentedly. And her coming to this school forced her to look forward to no   comforting prospect ; she would have to work very hard and fit   herself for earning her livelihood. What a drop from the free   careless life she had led with her cousins ! And all the regret for   the exciting holiday with its golden glamour centred in Reynolds.   A week ago she had been in a position to crush a universal   favourite ; now she was one of forty school girls with nothing but   dreariness before her. It had seemed quite natural then to be on   such a pinnacle ; now she was here and of no account in any one's eyes. How was that possible ? The more she thought over her behaviour 198  Kathy behaviour the more incredible it seemed. How could she have   dared to sit in judgment and feel fully entitled to tell him she   disapproved of him? "You judge very hardly. I suppose you   have the right to." She had not noticed his answer at the time ;   but since that day it had always been in her mind. And in her present lowliness she felt ashamed of her impertinent righteousness yes, and pride and excitement at feeling herself   at last in power. Her cheeks burned to think of it. But happily   he had not seen it so. She really had possessed the power and   had humbled him and made his voice come thick and brought   the tears to his eyes, and he had thought she had a right to do so.   And she pictured Reynolds in Paris, in brilliant society, enjoying   himself, driving in carriages, going to balls and the opera and   she leant over the open drawer, and a sudden great fit of crying seized her, just as the desolate sound of the unhomely bell came   to her ears, ringing the girls to breakfast. "Sub Tegmine Fagi" By  Marie Clothilde Balfour THE sun strikes full upon a hillside sloping to the east, and   backed by long, swelling moorlands ; there are firs on the   western edge of the path, that guard a fragrant silence in their   brown, cool shadow ; but here one can catch the rustle of their   quivering needles aloft, where the breeze from the sea whispers to   them and brings gossip from their cousins in far countries. And   below there is grass, stretching widely, and falling to a little wood   of oaks and beeches, and an up-thrust cliff, along whose face young foxes gambol and scamper ; and again an undulation of   young grass, and a swaying corner of green corn, and woods, and   further cliffs, till the land ends abruptly in a line of amethyst sea   that itself fades into the pearl and primrose of the far horizon,   and there is not a house to break the beauty of it--not a house,   though out of those further trees there is a faint line of smoke   rising, that is dimly white against the green; and round the   corner, behind the edge of the hill, there is a little sleepy town   huddled in the hollow ; but here there is not a house anywhere   set as a pock-mark upon the summer face of nature. There are birds, busy below us; amid the trees and round the tufts of gorse, plovers are calling to each other; and behind, on the moor, one   hears sometimes the shrill, sad cry of the curlew; and from the sky, 200  "Sub Tegime Fagi" sky, like falling drops of water, comes the song of a lark. Now   it is loud, and if one has good eyes, one may see the small black   thing poised not far above us ; and then it rises suddenly, and the   sound fades suddenly into the thin, blue distance, like an echo far   amid the mountains. Everywhere the bees are loud ; amid the gorse bloom, and occa-   sional clover heads, and the small, exquisite flowers that hide in   the short grass, the pimpernel, and the tiniest vetches, the bird's-   eye, and a microscopic forget-me-not, mauve, and blue, and yellow,   white and scarlet--a world of bloom and colour blent into the   green, and trampled, unseen, under foot. And a thousand winged   things poise, and hover, and dart in the indolent air ; the sheep   come near us, so that we hear them nibbling, and look at us out   of wisely foolish eyes. It is morning and it is June ; and one of those few days when   it is well to be alive, when the feeling of one's flesh is a compli-  cated delight, and the wholesomeness of the world is pre-eminent.   One wonders when that approaching century arrives, when our   passions will be regulated, like our possession, to an equal smooth-  ness, and  all  of us will be mild anarchical dynamiters; one won-   ders whether the grey days of winter and the golden mornings of   summer will be mingled also into a dull, drab sameness. And   whether those who are young then will ever say, when they look   out upon the wide loveliness of land and water: "To-day it is good   to be alive"? Perhaps, after all, they will be too wise and have too much work to do. Down in the hollow, in the little town, people do not look out   of window and greet the day with acclamation. The time is   gone by when Strephon sat below the beeches and piped his pretty   loves to Lesbia and Chloe ; and when Dresden china shepherdesses   in high-heeled shoes herded sugar-candy sheep on green and lovely uplands. By Marie Clothilde Balfour  201 uplands. Strephon now wears moleskins, odorous and uncleanly,   and a sleeveless waistcoat, of a forgotten colour, hanging open   over a dirty shirt ; and instead of piping his love upon a flute, he   tickles Lesbia, invitingly, and spits out a jest or two, mixed with   tobacco juice, and she does not blush ; while Chloe, in a mush-  room hat and kerchief about her throat and head, and a tight apron   outlining every protuberance of her figure, is weeding in the next   held, and cursing the sun and the sea air for burning the white   anaemic skin of her, and wondering whether Strephon will meet   her behind the hedge to-night, and whether he is just now "making up" to Lesbia--which he is. That is the pastoral life   of to-day. It is pretty no longer; but it is human. There are no   piping shepherds to set the pink and white maids a-dancing, or to   sing when love goes awry with them: "Oh, blow the winds,   heigho!" as in the old Northumbrian ballad. It is only the   green trees and the grass, and the waters, and the eternal hills,   and the song of birds, and the nibbling sheep, that are the same;  and surely, even the sheep are blacker than they used to be.   The dainty china figures have become men and women--not too   clean, perhaps, of life or lip ; not lovely in their habits or in their   passions; taking their pleasures rudely, and their sorrows with reviling; and loose-minded from the promiscuity of existence.   Their joys are as those of the beasts that couple in the fields, and   their leisure is replete with an unvirtuous indolence. Yet they are men and women--flesh and blood; cursed with   the passions and the pains of humanity, and tasting thereof but   the cheaper pleasures. And humanity is something greater, if   less lovely, than a puppet-play: and in the blackest of truth there   is always the white line of eternity. Strephon and Chloe, the   pretty piping lovers, have fled the stage; and their place is taken   by Bill and Mary Ann; who are clad in the warm encumbrance of 202  "Sub Tegime Fagi" of living flesh, and play the old drama--"the tragedy, Man"-- wearing their sex with a difference; for "male and female created   He them." No, Strephon no longer sits and pipes beneath the beeches;  nor does Tityrus lie dreaming of the joys of a pastoral life.   Strephon is washing sheep, yonder in the foul smelling pond by   the stunted hawthorn-trees ; and Tityrus is cursing the weather   and the irreconcilable desires of his crops, or trotting home   titubant from market. Along the white road that crosses the plantation grounds like   an uncoiled ribbon, a lumbering cart proceeds, and a dim echo   reaches us of the thud of the horse's slow feet, and the rumble of   the heavy wheels ; probably the driver is dozing on the shaft,   where by long habit, he can perch even when asleep. Old John   the carter travelled thus, trusting to his meditative mare, who   reflected over every step she took with her ponderous feet : and   thus they found him that drenching wet day, when they brought him home in his own cart stiffened into a horribly undignified   bent thing beneath a wet cover that clung unkindly to his out-  lines . . . It was a hopelessly wet day. In North Street--which is the   road leading to the northern moors from the small grey town in   the hollow--everyone was within doors; not even the children   put out their noses into the grim unceasing downpour. The   road was spread with a continuous surface of water, which leapt   in a million tiny fountains to meet the lashing of the descending   rain, and gathering streams clashed and gurgled about the gutters,   and swirled round the overflowing drains. Down the open   chimneys and spluttering into the fires beneath; battering upon the roofs and against the small windows, and creeping in at every hole and cranny ; entering in an insolent pool beneath the doors; the By Marie Clothilde Balfour  203 the rain was everywhere, and the low sky frowned in a black   promise of continuance. But at the cottage of John the carter the door stood wide, and   the water took its way in without hindrance and lay comfortably   upon the floor, reflecting the red glow of the spluttering fire,   with the kettle singing cheerfully on the hob, and the tea-things   set out upon the little table at the side where the armchair stood.   It stole into the very flounce of the bed that hid itself modestly   behind curtains and woodwork, and only opened a wide black   mouth behind a hanging full of gaudy cotton. Hannah stood outside--out in the rain--and stared up the road in a blasphemous   silence. John was out yonder in the wettest of the wet weather --he who was so old and so frail and newly from a sick bed; John who had married her--sometimes she wondered why--only   a few months ago; that he might have some one to nurse him   and cook his dinner, the neighbours said--but Hannah thought   differently. There were others who could have done that for   him ; but she, Hannah, who had trailed herself through the   mire of the town and had spent her youth in the bearing of   chance-got children and the bestiality of drunkenness; she at   whom the not overnice neighbours had looked askance, and whose grey hairs had not brought her dignity, why had John, the   carter, who was sober and well to do, ever looked at her?  Hannah did not know, but she thought dimly that God had been   sorry for her, and she remembered the wild unspoken rage of   gratitude and devotion that had filled her, when John asked her   to come to his fireside, and to come there by way of the Church door. She would have gone without that; but her simple un-  developed mind had its yearnings for paradise--a paradise where   she would know what it was to be "an honest woman" before   she died ; where she could be as others were, who had once never- theless 204  "Sub Tegime Fagi" theless been--not quite what she was, but still mothers of   nameless children also in forgotten years. And she left behind   her, for ever she hoped, the life that had been hers, and the misery   and the want, and the shame of it ; and like a little child that   turns smiling from its tears, she smoothed the wisps of grey hairs   upon her brow, and followed John the carter to his home, silent,   obedient, and consumed with an exceeding devotion. And John,   rough John, who had taken her none knew why, had done well   for himself, and was aware of it, too; though he swore at her and grumbled after the manner of man, and his hand was heavy.   But Hannah had known worse than that... and now John was   out in the rain--out yonder; and she stood in the street, her   dress clinging to her gaunt haunches and shrunken breast, and   the water streaming from her scant grey hairs, to see "how wet   he would get"; and to recall the hideous words of the doctor   when he bade her "keep your man warm and out of the cold--if   you want him to live." If she wanted him to live! God! And Hannah looked at the black sky and blasphemed and shivered, as   she felt the rain beating--beating down upon  him. And presently   the familiar cart turned into the street from the market-place and   came slowly towards her. But there were strange men leading   the old white mare, and women that gathered upon the doorsteps as they passed. And Hannah looked, and the world stood still and waited and waited with her, as the thud of the mare's hoofs and   the rumble of the wheels and the splash of men's feet through the   water, came up the street . . . it had never--never sounded like   that before. Then they reached the door, which was standing   open, and they went in carrying the bent distorted thing under   the clinging cover, and laid it in the black gulf of the bed; and   the water on the floor reflected the red glow of the fire, where the   kettle still sang, and touched the legs of the table which was set out By Marie Clothilde Balfour  205 out for tea for John the carter. But he did not want it now.   And that night Hannah, who had not looked at whisky since she   had known what it was to be an "honest woman," rolled on the   wet floor drunken, and dabbled her grey head in the cold pool of   entering rain. It did not matter, for there was no one to care;   John--the thing within the darkness of the bed--could not see   her any more ; there was nothing left now but whisky. It did   not matter. John the carter was buried two days later, but Hannah did not go to the funeral; she was drunk still; and she   went drunk to her pauper's coffin, in a little while. There was   nobody to care and it did not matter at all. One thinks of it now, seeing yonder cart cross the stillness ;  and the lives of a pastoral people are, it seems to one, so strangely   sad--even their crimes and their brutalities are such as gods weep   over. There is a gentle dove-voiced woman in one of the cottages,   whose eyes are fixed always on the invisible. One morning her   little son, one of a crowd of children, for she was the mother of   many, ran out and called to her gleefully that he was going for a   ride ; and she looked after him lovingly, and saw that the sun   glinted on his hair and turned it to gold. Presently a whisper   ran up the street that there had been an accident, and Mr. Main's   little son had been hurt--was insensible--was dead; and Martha   ran, cooing, down the sidewalk to comfort the mourning mother. And she met the little procession of men carrying the small   figure, and the doctor came to her and spoke--but she did not   understand. How could it be her Jacky, that thing covered over,   when Jacky had but just gone for a ride? And she followed   them home, her lips pouting with unspoken questions and a horrid   comprehension dazing her eyes. For three long days the small   coffin lay upon the bed, with flowers about it, and yellow hair curling 206  "Sub Tegime Fagi" curling on a white forehead, and eyelids that trembled when you   looked at them, but were never lifted; and flowers lay over the   mouth and chin that had met the horse's hoof. . . . And the   mother moved about the room, and cooked at the fireside, and set   meals on the small table for the others of them; and the children   ate and lived and some of them slept, within the same four walls   as the open coffin on the white bed. And their father sat on the   settle, with tears glittering in the tangle of his grey beard, and whispered to them hoarsely, "Be canny noo!" when he saw his   wife's dull sad eyes, and the unspeakable sorrows hanging on her  lips. When they took the coffin away, and all the town followed   Jacky to the churchyard, Martha wandered aimlessly about the   empty room and sought, sought, for something that she missed;   and at last, when the groping fingers touched the edge of madness,   they closed on a whistle--a sugar whistle that had been Jacky's,   and which was half sucked and dirty, as it had been taken from   his pocket when they brought him home. And Martha found   her tears, and the seal upon her eyes was lifted, and she came   back to a whole mind and a broken heart. But often now, in the midst of her stalwart boys and her pretty hard-working daughters,   if you ask her which is the best of them, she smiles and says   softly, "The one that does not grow any older and never leave?   my side," and her eyes look over their shoulders to the yellow   head she sees always near her, and the father whispers hoarsely to   the others, "Be canny noo." It was he I remember and big Tom Jamieson who told us of   the Macara affair--a small thing which none troubled much about.   Big Tom and decent, gentle John Elliott were coming home one   night from the slakes, where they had been shooting wild duck   together; and as they came up North Street, they heard loud noises By Marie Clothilde Balfour  207 from the miserable hut where Pete Macara lived, since he   came to the town a month or two back to work--when it pleased   him--in the quarry. Pete Macara was a perfectly lovely villain,   whose face was the colour of ancient ivory, carved into a mask of   the vilest sort of wisdom. From the top of his curly black head   to the tips of his slender fingers, he was beautiful as a black   panther and as vicious, and the eyes of him were limpid pools of   iniquity. He had a wife, whom we saw but seldom, till the latter   days, and whom we found perplexing ; a small, frail, white thing,  with a gentle frightened face, who sometimes forgot to speak vulgarly, and whose soft hands were but newly roughened by   work. Pete swore at her, we knew, and beat her we suspected; and   therefore John and Big Tom stopped uneasily when they heard a   cry rising from the hut, and glued their eyes to the narrow slit of   bare window-pane beneath the rag that served as curtain. They   did not look long before the cry sharpened to a shriek, and there   was a dull thud, and a loud curse, which came from gentle John   Elliott's mouth, that was wont to whisper hoarsely "Be canny."   And big Tom Jamieson hurled his great shoulders at the door, whereat the lock, as was to be expected, gave way obediently.   Pete Macara leapt to the threshold, and instantly met with a   shaking that made his bones rattle and his skin crack; while John   pushed past them, and bent over the bundle of clothes that was   huddled upon the floor, and whence there came a small crawling   worm of something red and sticky. . . . . Tom went on shaking Pete at intervals, till he dropped him on   the floor, and swore at him comfortably. It took a good deal of   plain speech to ease big Tom when once his huge body woke up   to anger. The other gathered himself together, and surveyed the   scene sulkily, but with a wicked satisfaction twitching at his lips ; and 208  "Sub Tegime Fagi" and John stood anxiously by the dirty bed, where he had lifted the   woman whom we called Peter Macara's wife. Tom went over and stood beside him. "A'll go fur tha doctor, if ye reckon a'd better," he said,   meditatively; "an' bring 'un back wi' me. Till'un it's a maitter   o' life an' death--an' maistly death." "Wull a goo?" John shook his head. " A think she's comin' roun'," he   answered hoarsely, "a think so. It s mebbe more a matter for the   polis than the docter-- "The polis sure 'nuff. It's 'tempted manslaughter--hear that   noo?" and he glanced over his shoulder at Pete, who smiled, and   the stained ivory of his skin carved itself into wrinkles and made   of him a malicious Eastern god. "Ax her," was all he deigned to reply. John and big Tom surveyed her as she sat up and looked about   her composedly, and touched the red wound on her forehead with   dazed wondering fingers ; and they said to each other some of the   things we had all been saying recently, when we looked from her   white sorrowful little face to the evil bestial brows of Pete   Macara. But she heard what they said, and it roused her. She   got off the bed and stood by it dizzily, and spoke--to the point. " It's none o' your business," she said, "what I am, or who I   am, or where I come from. All you need to know is that I   belong to Pete Macara--and he can do what he likes with me.   And if it pleases him to knock me down--or to kill me--I tell   you it's none of your business, and I say he shall do it if he   chooses! And--this is his house--what are you doing here?--  go!" and she staggered forward and fell dizzily on her knees in   the middle of the stain upon the floor. There she groped for   Pete's hand, laying her face against it, and he spurned her with his foot. By Marie Clothilde Balfour  209 foot. "You see?" she said, and laughed, a little wildly. "I  belong to Pete Macara--and  you --you can go!" Big Tom Jamieson and John Elliott went away without further   argument, and walked up the street together, thinking hard and   saying nothing. It was only when they came to John's door,   that they looked at each other uncomfortably. "God!" said big   Tom; "she spoke like--like a lady--and he--he kicked her off   like a fawning bitch." John looked away and moved his lips   uneasily. Then he turned to his own door, and muttered very   low. "Pah! she--she  licked his hand. " People did not meddle much with Pete Macara or his wife after   that. But he forced her--so we supposed--to support him by the   vilest traffic, and he lived in happy indolence till the Squire got   tired of waiting for his rent and kicked him out. Then they left   us, unregretted ; but not before there were many other tales   whispered about the small pale woman who was Pete Macara's  possession. . . . When strangers came to the little grey town in the hollow,   they wondered at its uneventfulness, and pitied us for the long   monotonous months that slowly filled the years; but beneath the   surface, it seems, on looking back, that for those who had eyes to   see there was a constant succession of small tragedies, the tragi-  comedies that build up the commonplaceness of life. Not the   dainty operettas of Strephon and Chloe, as I said before, but   little melodramas, where one only did not weep because one was too hopelessly wretched. For the pathos is apt to be so miserably   hideous, that the onlooker feels sick and turns away with a sigh ;   and yet it is but the setting and the mask; the actual passions are,   after all, the great simple underplan of life in all of us, and in such   as these they lie nearer the surface. And the innermost soul is   the same, when you reach it--or perhaps it is a little more The Yellow Book--Vol. X.  N childlike 210  "Sub Tegime Fagi" childlike, and unharmed by the mire in which it is plunged.   Bobby Stobbs, for instance, I conceive had a soul that was as   lovely as in the flesh he was--otherwise. And since Bobby   Stobbs, like Hannah, and Martha, and like Pete Macara s miserable   wife, loved much. . . . Bobby took a house in our street, and we stared in surprise;  for it was so ruinous and tumble-down that it did not   seem fit for pigs to litter in. We supposed he got it cheap;   but a penny would have been a fair rent to pay for it, and we   told him so. Bobby smiled at us superiorly. "Ah," he said, "Tusky will make it that smart an' comf'able." We were   interested, for we did not know he had female belongings; but he   went on to explain he was going to fetch home his wife and   children, and that Tusky would make the house all that it should   be. He went off with a borrowed cart and pony to fetch them.   It rained that day so heavily that he was already soaking as he   went down the street ; and when he returned with his precious load, it was raining still, and Bobby sat on the shaft dripping and shivering, his only coat wrapped round the baby in the cart. If   Bobby could have faced us naked, he would have given them the   small remainder of his garments too. We watched a small black   woman crawl out from beneath a table and help him to haul the   soaking bedding and the few broken chairs and a box of cracked   pottery in at the door ; and then three bundles tumbled into the   mud, shook down legs and followed their mother, while Bobby   led the lame pony back to its stable in the Watsons' wash-house, with his white face looking, so they told us afterwards, extremely happy and well content, though his shoulders shook ominously.   Dinah Green went in late to see how they were getting on,   being of a neighbourly turn of mind. "The beddin' was afore the fire," she told us next day, "an' you By Marie Clothilde Balfour  211 you could smell it acrost the street; and when you came in you   could see 'em a jumpin' and a crahlin' from the very doorstep."   (Dinah was a clean woman and apt to see things to which other   people shut their eyes). Tusky was running about the room,   talking to the children, who crawled over the floor, amid a sea of   rags, potsherds and other things--which it is not necessary to   particularise. She was sticking a few gaudy pictures on the walls,   but had not thought of stopping the rain from drifting in at the   broken window ; and she was hampered in her work by having   with one hand to hold her garments together at the waist.   There was already a considerable piece of dirty skin visible.   There was also a whisky-bottle on the table, which was propped   up against the wall ; and it was half empty. Consequently   Tusky was cheerful and talkative. Dinah listened to her awhile in grim silence. "Where's yer man?" she asked suddenly.   Tusky added another smear to her face by passing her free   hand over it." He's--here--I reckon," she said vaguely. "Ha'  ye got a pin?" Dinah passed her one at arm's-length, and Tusky performed a   short toilet. "Where's yer man?" repeated the tall, gaunt woman in the   sun-bonnet, as the other conveyed the whisky-bottle to her   mouth ; but this time Tusky looked silly, and did not trouble   to answer. Then a voice came feebly from the depths of the   box-bed. "I'm here--Dinah," it said. "Get ye doon, my woman. Tusky's--that busy--she can't--see t'ye." The words came in gasps, and Dinah peered into the darkness. Bobby lay in his wet clothes in a pool of water. The bedding   was at the fire, so he lay upon the bare boards. He was not com- fortable 212  "Sub Tegime Fagi" fortable. "My word," said Dinah, "what'll I do wi' ye? Ye   can't be took anywhere else, ye're that dirty; and here"--.   She sniffed. "I'm--cleaner--than or nar," he murmured feebly; "come-- o' bein'--in--the rain," and his face looked strangely white in the darkness of the bed. Dinah came and went many times that evening, while Tusky   snored in the corner, and the children whimpered on the wet   floor. On her last journey the rain had turned to snow, and the   air had grown terribly cold. The poultice she carried between   hot plates was already tepid. But Bobby was grateful for it,   nevertheless, as he lay amid the blankets she had brought him,   breathing fast, and talking softly to himself, while Tusky snored,  and the candle and the fire were both nearly burned out. Dinah did what she could for him, and turned him upon his side. "I'll bring the doctor  thing to-mara," she said cheerily,   "an' I reckon he'll mak' ye weel. He's a terrible clever chap, our   doctor is, an' a real decent man, too. He'll mak' ye weel." Bobby looked up composedly. "Ay, it'll be a vera sore ex-  pense," he murmured, "an' that hard on Tusky--poor Tusky--   an' she so handy--an' goin' to make the house that smart an comf'able--Tusky--ah!--she's a smart 'un--Tusky," and he looked across at the dirty, drunken little figure huddled in the corner, with wisps of hair straggling across her grimy and vixenish   face. Dinah looked that way, too, and snorted: "Ye maun?   keep warm, an' sleep, an' wait for the doctor," she said, restraining   herself with energy, and preparing to depart. "Ye're doin' fine,   and ye've on'y got to wait for the doctor. I'll gat 'un fine'n   yarly." She let herself out into the snow, and saw that Bobby lay with,   his loving eyes fixed on his wife. "Tusky By Marie Clothilde Balfour  213 "Tusky smart--'un," he murmured, and Dinah shut the   door. Bobby did not wait for the doctor, so his bill was saved, as   Tusky remarked, when she was sober enough to understand   about it. "An'," she added, "there'll be an inquess, an' the jurymen'll   give me their shillin's--they allus do," and she tried the effect of a   black rag that she had found in the gutter, pinned about her   throat. Tusky thought that, some day, she would marry again.   But Bobby Stobbs had loved much. Down yonder, under the beeches, upon a knoll, the sheep have   clustered prettily, and there are lambs in the lower field that bleat   and gambol in the sunshine. I can almost fancy that I see   Strephon a-piping where the shadow of the leaves flings a golden   tracery on the soft green grass; and surely Lesbia is dancing, and   under her feet the smell of the fallen pine needles rises pungently   sweet and pervading from the cool brown ground. But Lesbia is sadly besmirched, and all her playmates are apt to   be unbeautiful nowadays, and in the flock she tends there are too   many black sheep. The grass and the beeches below us, the firs behind; the   trimmed carpet of flowers and the song of the birds; the silver-   spangled sea beyond and the gladness of the eternal hills--only   these are the same; and so, after all, is humanity. Finger-Posts By   Eva Gore-Booth I THIS is the way of Heaven : you may kneel And beat your breast for hours in futile prayer; No faint light flickers on the golden stair, No spirit hearkens to your soul's appeal ; No hand draws back the curtains that conceal The land of shadows men imagine fair ; And the belovèd shade who wanders there Invisible, no magic may reveal. Men talk of all the strength of love and faith-- Vain words ! and false it is as idle boast To dream you hold communion with a ghost, And bring to earth again a vanished wraith. No shadow answers to a shadow's call-- This is the way of all things spiritual. II This is the way of Nature : as of old When from the primal darkness  there grew Flowers, and the sun shone and the sky was blue, And By Eva Gore-Booth 215 And life's bright promises were manifold-- Her hidden wealth is now as then untold. He who digs deep enough shall find her true ; Each miner gains at last his honest due Of her great buried store of gems and gold. This is the way of Earth : she hears the call Of every ploughman's prayer ; the labourer, If he be worthy, has his will of her ; From the rich furrows where the good seeds fall She brings forth life, and all the hope that clings Round the strong patience of material things. III This is the way of Sorrow : wearily Should one set out with such a weary guide ; The path is narrow, and the world is wide, And no man knoweth any reason why And yet 'tis foolishness to strive or cry ; The doom must fall on whom the gods decide They walk with pain for ever at their side, Through her long wilderness of mystery. Yet though sweet Sorrow hath few words to say, A dull companion on a lonely road, Yea, though she hath not strength enough to pray, And on life's shoulders binds a heavy load, Her heart is true, her footsteps shall not stray, She leads at last unto the gods' abode. This Finger-Posts 216 IV This is the way of Joy : the artist knows The secret that makes all things fresh and fair. She gives a fragrance to the summer air, And, flashing by where life's dull river flows, She shakes the languor of its slow repose, And drives it, scattering music everywhere, Up to the foot of Heaven's golden stair, Through the wild tangles of the mystic rose ; There in the shade beside the river's bed She rests awhile, and dabbles in the stream-- Till down the giddy mazes of her dream She finds the little peaceful hour has fled. Then forth into the startled sky she springs With swift wet feet and shining golden wings. V This is the way of Life when Joy has fled : She passes through a wilderness of cloud, And, wrapped in music for a mimic shroud, She comes unto the dwellings of the Dead. No river now, a mournful nymph instead, By Joy's short sojourn with a soul endowed, She seeks for her among the nameless crowd That throng the gateway of the Halls of Dread-- Seeks for the long lost Joy, the light divine, The Paradise that she shall never win-- Content at last, and glad to enter in Despair's abode, and rest with Proserpine, Sorrow, whose eyes are dark with unshed tears, And all the ghostly company of fears. This By Eva Gore-Booth 217 VI This is the way of Love : a ray of light In the mid forest through the foliage shines, And makes green shadows of the serried pines, Bringing a secret pathway into sight, Where two may walk alone in their delight, And half in darkness; for the thick set lines Of mighty trees their narrow road confines With the black limits of enshrouding night. Yet has the forest fortress failed in strength, Swift windy beams split through the leafy screen, And pierce the heavy shroud of waving green, Until the narrow pathway feels at length The strength of sunshine and the light of rain, And broadens out into the open plain. VII This is the road of Hope, that some men call The way of Love, far out of human sight, Amid strange mansions of austere delight : A way of shadows, pale, æthereal, High among stars and storm, outsoaring all The silent glories of each lonely height, Above the tumult of the windy night, Beyond the bounds of Heaven's cloudy wall Still God's calm splendour shineth overhead, The great white way where light and gladness are-- This is the Joy of earth transfigurèd, Set high in heaven, very faint and far, The glorious Highway of the holy Dead, The path of Love from star to scattered star. I. Dieppe Castle II. Butterflies By Lucretia By   K. Douglas King I IN his life John Burnett suffered no distinction in any circles   beyond that immediate one of his acquaintances and friends. He   was an insignificant man in appearance, in moral force, in intellect,   and in rank--which was that of a navvy. Such fame as was his   in Eastown-by-Line (the mushroom town wherein he lived, and   on whose railroads he worked) came solely through his domestic   troubles. Naturally, the source of these troubles was a woman;   his wife, Lucretia--Luce, for short. So far as looks went there could not have been a worse assorted   couple than the navvy and his wife. Luce was a splendidly   formed woman, with straight features, level brows, and a   penetrating way of looking out of a pair of very handsome eyes;   but with a screw loose somewhere in the complex machinery of   her moral being. This was the reason why her mouth, which should have been large and generous, to match her eyes, was   curved to a foolish, little droop, at the corners; and why her lips,   when they were not giving vent to absurd and impossible   aspirations, were pursed up in a thin martyr-shape. She had a twin sister, who hardly belongs to this story, but who 224  Lucretia who told her once that this martyr-expression completely spoilt her   natural good looks. Luce did not discontinue to assume it, even   then. She was a good workwoman, and had been employed as a   forewoman in a large dressmaking establishment, before John   Burnett (as much to his own as to others astonishment) carried   her off as his wife to Eastown-by-Line. Her married life   (including the bearing of Burnett s children, the rearing of them,   and looking after her husband and the house) entailed on her sufficient work to keep her mind, as well as body, fully occupied   from sunrise to midnight. In the pursuance of her wifely and   motherly duties she allowed her mind to run woefully astray.   That was the fatal crook in her soul; and, in consequence, her   husband s dinners, the home comfort, and the six Burnett children   (who were a disgrace to their town, so ill-kept were their   persons) suffered severely. If she had been "born a lady" she   would have read "advanced" books, and become an "advanced" woman. Also, she would have refused the John Burnetts of her   own station who sought her hand in marriage. She would have   known she had a higher duty to perform than to marry a mere   man, and would have acted, generally, according to her convictions   --which were of a subjective nature. As she had neither the leisure nor the means wherewith to   cultivate the abnormal in her soul, she asserted her independent   womanhood by an intrigue with another man. This other man   lived alone, in a large, ugly ten-roomed villa, part of whose   garden wall formed the eastern boundary of the Burnett backyard.   The navvy lived in the last of a tiny, frail row of four-roomed   houses, on the outskirts of central Eastown-by-Line. The name of their street was Aspect Road, most felicitously named since   it overlooked a brickfield at its upper end and the gasworks at the By K. Douglas King  225 the lower. The new line in course of construction ran, in an   animated streak, between this "view" and Aspect Road, which   was separated from the railway by a low, sloping bank. The   Burnett children, from behind their front garden hedge, used to   throw stones at their father and his mates working on the line,   so short was the distance from the houses to the railroad. The   eastern part of the town was composed of villas and small shops,   and one long, straight avenue, lined with chestnut-trees. There were six of these trees on either side of the street, and they were the only trees in the town, except two others--also chestnuts--in the other man's garden. From west to east, and from the canal   on the south to the railroad on the north, the entire town was a   ghastly blot on the face of the earth. Life's ironical ruling ordained that the other man should be the   assistant superintending engineer of that part of the line on whose   construction Burnett was engaged. His name was Caldwell, and   he  saw Luce when she was airing the Burnett linen on   her little line that stretched across the whole area of her back-  yard. Luce's manner whilst hanging out the clothes, that memorable   day, was fraught with a mixture of indolence (which was   characteristic) and impatience, born of intense distaste for the   work in hand. It received presentment in her languid movements   and smouldering eyes. She had been at work since five in the   morning, and it was now six in the evening, and she had still five   more hours' work before her. Of course the woman was tired in   body and sick in soul. It never entered John Burnett's mind (he being a man, and a mediocre one at that) that the commonplace   drudgery of existence is sheer bondage to the woman who has   sufficient imagination to realise freedom, but not enough to   idealise duty ; and whose household tasks, commencing at marriage 226  Lucretia marriage and ending with death, imprison her from dawn to dusk   within four tiny walls. Luce was in a tense state, and only a match was needed to set a   volcano ablaze. Caldwell watched her as she moved from line to   basket and back again, her fine eyes alight with unsatisfied   desire; her thin lips pouting; a tired flush on her curved cheeks;   her hair falling untidily over her handsome, heavy brow. Watch-   ing her, the assistant superintendent coveted her. It was not Caldwell's habit to lose time in advancing towards   the attainment of his desires. Between the  attack and the conditional surrender, the flame of that desire spread and   intensified until it became a passion that penetrated to the deepest   recesses of his being. Luce was in the most dangerous state of   mind that a woman can possibly be in. She wanted something.   She did not know what she wanted. Moreover, she did not care   any longer about the opinions of her little world. This   recklessness of mood brings shipwreck in its train more surely than the most deliberately planned wrongdoing. The    advances came from Caldwell. Luce responded to them with   such doubtful eyes and such a passionately wistful mouth that   the assistant superintendent, connoisseur as he was in his way, lost   his head. He recovered it almost immediately; but then the   mischief was done. Burnett had broad, stunted features, a slouching bearing, deeply   sunken, almost invisible eyes, a slow-moving intellect, and no social   or conversational gifts whatever. Caldwell, on the contrary, was   a fluent talker, and as flashy in intellect as in appearance. His   prominent lips were shaded by a handsome moustache, and his   eyes were bold, blue and bright. Also, he was a fine, tall fellow,   and, without conceit, could lay claim to a knowledge of women   and their inscrutable ways above that of the average man. This was By K. Douglas King  227 was almost as powerful a factor in his success as Luce's own  unfortunate mood. Such love as she had ever felt for John Burnett   was already worn thin by interminable toil for him, his house, and   his children. When a woman speaks of her offspring as "his children" one   of two things is in process. Either she is meditating a desperate   leap into the dark, or she is digesting the discovery of a new,   hitherto undreamt-of virtue in her husband. Now Burnett had   no special virtues whatever; at least, such as Luce could appre-  ciate. When she began to think of the children as "his children,"   she was already far on the road that leads to dishonour. That evening when she hung out her washing, and Caldwell   had  seen her, was one far advanced in April. It was   now late in May, and Scandal was very loud and busy up   Aspect Road. Tremulous-mouthed Lucretia did not care. She   was living a double existence, and Burnett and the children had only the hollow crust of her attentions. After the resistance, Caldwell did not find it difficult to persuade her that   Desire was Duty differently spelt, and that her present duty was   to minister to his. A strong man, or a very selfish man, might   have saved Luce yet. But Burnett was neither strong nor selfish.   He loved his wife and was fond of his children; but was as weak   in the management of one as of the other. He submitted to his home discomfort like a lamb, instead of   roaring like a lion when half-raw or burnt-up food was set before   him. Of course, this complaisance completed the woman's   demoralisation; just as much as his easy-going, indulgent ways   with his children caused them to develop into veritable demons of   juvenile wickedness. When he  heard from the neighbours'  idle talk that his wife was going wrong with another man, and that man was his own superintendent, he simply did not believe it, and 228  Lucretia and went his daily ways without care or perturbation. He loved  his wife, and he still believed in her honesty, although he was   aware, at last, after ten years' vain delusion, that she was no cook. Scandal, as usual, was premature in its assertions. It spoke as  early as April, while May had passed before Lucretia really fell.   It was on the of June that Caldwell had said to her, as she   stood by her cottage door, shading her lovely, sad, wild eyes from   the setting sun: "Lucy, are you going to be cruel, still?" The assistant superintendent had just left the line and was   going to his temporary villa home. His way home always took   him past Burnett's cottage. For weeks past he had not ceased   urging the woman to sin; and last night she had faltered out to   him, when he upbraided her, bitterly, for her cruel coquetry, that   "To-morrow--perhaps--she would--do--what--he wished." Against the sunset, his eyes flashing inquiry, reproach, and   expectation upon her, he appeared as the representation of all   manly and persuasive power. Luce changed colour, and her eyes   dropped. Her eldest little daughter, Molly, standing by her side,   glanced at the man with calm, splendid eyes of cold disfavour.   She was neither fascinated by his glittering personality nor over-  awed by his position. Caldwell struck his foot, impatiently, on the ground. "Well,   Luce?" he cried, his eyes burning through her lowered eyelids,   into her very soul; his whole attitude a fierce interrogation.   "Well, Luce?" Mrs. Burnett raised her eyes, quickly. They were unnaturally   large and bright, and her face was very pale. She nodded, once   or twice, and then turned round, hastily, and went indoors.   Caldwell laughed; a slight flush rose to his cheeks. His fiery, amorous eyes, travelling back from the sharply closed  door, rested, one second, on Molly Burnett, as she continued to lean By K. Douglas King  229 lean against the gatepost, apparently unconscious of her surround-  ings. Molly detested Caldwell. It was this lovely, dirty, pic-  turesque child who used to set her small brothers and sisters,   armed with stones and dirt, on the assistant superintendent. Tiny   arms and the strict necessity of cloaking their tactics by a stout   hedge made the stones of no effect. Molly had the supreme   pleasure, once, of seeing a piece of mud, aimed by her with   feminine precision, stick to the back of his coat. She tried to bully her little brother, "Jack Spratt" Burnett, into piping rude remarks at him when they used to go down to the line, with the   other East-town children, to watch operations there. To these   heroic heights, however, Jack Spratt could not ascend. He had   the pacific spirit; and when Molly called him a "bloomin' sheep,"   neither resented the slur on his manhood with retort nor sought   to efface it by action. Molly's large shining eyes were fixed on the crimson cloudland  on the northern horizon. She looked inexpressibly lovely. Cald-   well shot a keener glance at her. "Good-night, Molly," he called down, to the slim, motionless,  little figure. Mrs. Burnett's nine-year-old daughter stonily turned her eyes  upon the man. There was a magnificent disdain in their pellucid   depths. She raised her shoulders ever so slightly; beyond the   cold movement and that colder stare she made no response. "By Jove!" muttered Caldwell, genuine admiration leaping   hotly out of his eyes. "What a lovely woman the hussy will be   in ten years' time!" With a gay laugh, he bent forward, of a sudden, and thrust his  moustached lips upon Molly's. Although she was taken com-  pletely by surprise, her defensive action was swifter than his   attack. She ducked, and his mouth barely avoided sharp contact The Yellow Book--Vol. X. O with 230  Lucretia with the top of the gatepost. The next second Molly had sprung   up and struck him a resounding blow on the face. Man as he was, Caldwell staggered back. Molly's eyes flashed  fire from the other side of the gate. Her bosom heaved. "Well, I'm damned!" gasped Caldwell at last, with a not   unkindly laugh. "You--little vixen!" He did not attempt to repeat the experiment, but applied his  handkerchief to his cheek, where a red mark showed. Fortunately   for the dignity of the assistant superintendent's reputation, both   the thickness of the hedge and the sunset hour, when most of the   workmen had gone home, had deprived the scene of spectators. "Don't you think you can kiss everybody!" cried Molly, in a   choked, passionate whisper, over the gate. Molly had seen the assistant superintendent kiss her mother  more than once. This action of his, and her mother's complete   acquiescence therein, troubled her--though she could not have   told why. It intensified her dislike of Caldwell into a positive   loathing. She had told Jack Spratt he was to call the assistant   superintendent a "toad" whenever he passed; and used to beat   him when he tearfully refused. Caldwell took off his hat, and made Molly a sweeping bow   before he passed on. "In five years, pretty Molly," he said, blandly, "I'll wager you  won't refuse a man's kiss. You'll be as eager for kisses then, my   girl, as any of 'em. They all are, you know, pretty Molly!   There's not a petticoated creature made that isn't!" "You're a lie," returned Molly, promptly. "You're a great,  fat lie!" Caldwell laughed again pleasantly, and turned on his heel. He  was not angry, now that the  shock of his discomfiture was   over; even though his cheek was still smartly stinging. When he By K. Douglas King  231 he had swung his garden gate to behind him, he had forgotten all  about his late misadventure. Lucretia's splendid eyes, with their   vague longing and alternate melancholy and fire, possessed his   vision. The exultation caused by her promise burned up again in   his soul. He had made communication both easy and secret   between the two households; the last barrier was broken down   between them. II Burnett's domestic troubles were the common talk of Aspect   Road. The matrons loudly expressed their disgust with Luce's   share in the scandal. They reserved an opinion on the super-   intendent's part until the doors were closed. The husbands of   most were working under Caldwell and his chief. The men on   the line blamed Burnett for being a fool more than they con-  demned the assistant superintendent, in their hearts, for a knave. Though they gossiped freely among themselves, they forbore to   offer any opinion on the case to Burnett himself. The women   were not so considerate. Burnett's behaviour in allowing Luce   (whose guilt was established beyond a doubt) to continue to live   in his house, as if the sanctity of their marriage tie had never been   violated, exasperated the women into shrill taunts, which were   fearlessly and freely hurled at the unfortunate navvy. Caldwell was not prepared at  that Lucretia should lire   entirely in his house; and Burnett, when the truth of the matter   was at last borne in upon his stubborn, unreceptive brain, received   from this fact some sort of faint comfort in the midst of his misery.   His love for his wife was of unsuspected magnitude, and of a   magnanimity beyond chivalry. It was not only for the sake of   the six lovely, dirty little children, who rioted, now without shadow of 232  Lucretia of restraint, about the road, that he was still willing to forgive  Luce, and that he hoped against hope to win her back to him. Luce went about her daily duties with little outward change.   Perhaps there was more of dreamy haphazard in her method of   work than before Caldwell came to possess her thoughts; but   there had been always so much left to Providence in the internal   ordering of the Burnett household, that a little additional disorder   was hardly noticeable. She grew to look more like a restless,   untamed spirit every day. By turns she was passionately attentive   to the children and completely neglectful of them. But her manner with them was always kind. Burnett, swayed by the   twin spirits of his steadfast hope and his great affection, met her   indifference to him with a phlegm that concealed, almost too   successfully, the deadly wound her conduct was inflicting. It was on June the  that Luce gave her fatal promise.   The month of roses was drawing to an end before the navvy spoke   to his wife of what lay up heavily on the hearts of each. Mrs.   Burnett was lazily stirring porridge for the children's supper   before the kitchen fire. Burnett had come in from work on the   line two hours before. Ever since his entrance he had been   watching her flitting dreamily to and fro--he moodily sitting in a   corner, no word, good or bad, passing between the pair. It had   been pay night, and it was one of the assistant superintendent's duties to pay the men their weekly wage. Burnett, whose innate sensitiveness was largely increased by the suspense and anguish of   the last month, fancied Caldwell shot a look of triumph on him as   he went up to receive his money at the superintendent's hand.   AJ, a matter of fact, Caldwell had done nothing of the sort. He   hardly knew Burnett by sight, and he certainly did not wish to   provoke Lucretia's husband into any manifestation of anger before   the other men. That By K. Douglas King  233 That fancied look, rankling in his heart, impelled the navvy at   last to speak. But what he did and what he said were very   different from that which he had intended to do or say. "Oh, Luce, dear," he began, moving quickly forward and   throwing his arms round the woman. "Oh, my dear, dear wife!   Do come back to me, an' be as you was before this trouble   began!" Lucretia was thoroughly taken aback by this impetuous appeal,  and by the violent exhibition of his feelings. The next minute,   however, she rallied her forces, and slipped from his embrace.   Turning, she faced him, with heightened colour and sparkling   eyes. She held the spoon that she had hastily withdrawn from   the saucepan when he had  seized her, and porridge dropped   from it unheeded in great splashes on the floor. "I--I haven't left you!" she cried, defiantly, the scarlet spot deepening in her cheeks. "And so how can I come back,   pray?" She cast a triumphant look on him, as if to ask how he thought  he was going to answer that unanswerable question. Burnett's   eyes were fixed on the largest porridge splash at his feet, and he   only sighed heavily. There was a short pause. Then Burnett in a hurried, stifled,   voice: "'Tis true--for all the same!" "What's true?" asked the woman, with a toss of her head,   and another flash of her eyes. "What they're sayin' o' ye an'--an' that feller Caldwell,"  mumbled her husband. A savage glow lit up his downcast eyes   one minute; the next, all the light was out, and they reassumed   their normal dulness of appearance. Mrs. Burnett made no reply, but resumed operations in her porridge 234  Lucretia porridge saucepan. The spoon clattered loudly against its metal   sides, and Luce's hand trembled. Burnett shifted from one foot   to the other. At last he burst out into speech again. "I've never ill-treated ye, nor come home boozy, nor knocked  the children about," said the navvy. "Ye've had my weekly   wages reg'lar an' full always ! and I've let ye go yer own way in   the 'ouse an' never put in my oar in nothink, but let ye 'ave yer   own way in everythink," he repeated, doggedly. "An' I can't   think"--he choked--"I can't think why ye're treatin' me   so!" Mrs. Burnett poured out porridge into six chipped plates. Her   hands were shaking, and some of the scalding stuff splashed on to   them. She bit her lips and spoke never a word. "Lucy!" She started; Burnett's voice was so soft and tremulous, and   full of pleading love. Since the early days of their marriage, ten   years ago, he had not called her anything but Luce. Now   another man called her Lucy, whose voice was like music to her   weary soul. "Lucy," said Burnett, huskily, "oh, my girl, do come back,   an'--an' love me as you used!" As his sad voice died away there came from without the sound  of many little footsteps and voices. A look of extreme relief   passed over the woman's face. The Burnett children, in spite of   the irregular ways of the household, showed a remarkable genius   for coming up to time, so far as the hours of the meals were con-  cerned. The difficulty often was that they were ready for the   meal before it was ready for them. Burnett slunk back to his   corner at sound of their approach; something like despair flitted across his stubbly, inexpressive face. "You--you don't understand me!" cried Mrs. Burnett, hurriedly, By K. Douglas King  235 hurriedly, over her shoulder, as her husband moved heavily away.   There was the suspicion of a sob in her voice. "You never have   understood me--never! And talking of ill-treatment and all   that shows you don't and can't understand me!" Burnett showed a face of blank, mystified despair at the eternal  feminine wail. It was as incomprehensible to him as if it had   been uttered in a foreign language of which he was entirely   ignorant. It was the navvy's loss that Caldwell understood it as   completely as man ever can. The day after Burnett ventured his appeal, a momentous thing   happened. It occurred at noon, and was nothing less than the   breathless descent on the Burnett fold of Mrs. Burnett's twin   sister. Mrs. Burnett's sister was also a wife of ten years' experience;  but she was not a mother. It was her one bitter sorrow.   Tidings of the Burnett-Caldwell scandal had reached her in   her little Northamptonshire village, and her unexpected visit was   the result. It occurred at the midday dinner hour, which, strange   to say, was up to time that day. The Burnett flock were des-   patching slabs of suet pudding and treacle, carved and ladled out   by Mrs. Burnett, at the kitchen dresser, when the cloaked and   bonnetted apparition, omitting the formality of knocking, appeared in the doorway. Burnett was eating a solitary dinner on the   bank overlooking the line in course of construction. "Annie!" cried Mrs. Burnett. She fell back a step; her   face, dyed suddenly scarlet at sight of her visitor, rapidly changed   to a deadly pallor. "Luce," said the other woman. "Not before the children!" cried Lucretia, putting out her   hands, as if warding off a blow. "Oh, not a word before the   children, Annie!" she cried, passionately. The 236  Lucretia The other woman had Lucretia's splendid, slightly scornful  eyes. Molly had her aunt's large, full mouth. "I wasn't goin' to say a word," returned Annie; her sad lips  trembled. "'Tisn't no use; I knew that afore I came. I know   you, Luce! No! an' I won't sit down an' eat anythink, Luce;   I've a back train to catch, an' time's short. I came to ask, Luce,   if--" She faltered here, and changed colour. Lucretia bit her lips. "Well," she said, sullenly, "if what?" "I came to ask if I could take the children home with me for  a spell, Luce," said her sister, softly. An indescribable tumult took possession of Lucretia's soul.  Many conflicting voices clamoured for a hearing. Luce, con-  founded, taken by surprise, and dismayed to death at heart, listened,   with difficulty, to the loudest and most importunate. "Yes," she said, heavily, at last; "you can, if you like." Mrs. Burnett's sister had come, primed with the best intention   in the world. She had not for a moment expected that her de-  liberately planned request would be granted. When Luce mut-  tered out her slow "Yes," she was amazed, but not dismayed.   She thought she was acting for the best in removing the Burnett   children from the immediate scene of their mother's sin ; but the   wisdom of her act may be questioned. In less than half an hour   the entire flock was ready to start, baggage, such as it was, and all. The parting was brief, and without undue expression of senti-  ment. The eleven months old baby was asleep when it changed   hands. The childless woman received it with a most motherly,   caressing movement; Luce's face was hard and rigid. The   younger children were jubilant at the thought of the journey, but   cried at having to leave their home, as they went down the little garden By K. Douglas King  237 garden path into the road. Jack Spratt neither cried nor laughed.  He was awed by Molly's proud, pale face. "Leave me--her," whispered Lucretia, with a little catch of   her breath, and nodding, feverishly, in the direction of her eldest   daughter, now occupied in nursing the youngest boy but one. "God's sake not her--out of any of 'em!" cried back Molly's  aunt, in a fierce, incoherent undertone; and Molly was swept off   in the general exodus. Mrs. Burnett watched them as they went down the dusty road.   Molly carried the youngest baby, and her aunt had her late burden,   a sturdy two-year-old. The two younger girls clasped hands,   and walked demurely in front of the hen-in-charge. Jack Spratt   walked alone, a few paces in front, as became the man of the   party. Mrs. Burnett watched them, with dry eyes and burning   eyeballs, until they were out of sight. Then she went indoors,   and fell into a chair, sobbing and weeping, till her emotions seemed as if they would tear her thin frame asunder. "Oh, if she had only left me Molly!" she moaned, in the   intervals of her heavy sobbing. "If she had only left me my   pretty Molly--my pretty, pretty girl!" She had not recovered herself till four o'clock chimed out,  unevenly, from the dilapidated kitchen clock. At that moment   a man's footstep was heard to approach from without; and a   man's voice called her name, softly, through the half-opened   doorway. He called her Lucy, and Mrs. Burnett leaped to her feet, and   with a little, strangled cry, threw herself upon his breast. His   arms met tightly round her, and he held her thus pressed to him,   for a minute, without speaking. He could see her nerves were   shattered, and that she was in a more desperate state even than   when she had given him her  promise. "Oh, they've taken away 238  Lucretia away my children, Jamie!" she sobbed out, at last. "Take me   home with you! don't leave me here in my empty home, Jamie!   I can't bear it!" Caldwell held her closer to him. He had come, fearing for   once a possible refusal, on purpose to ask her that to which her own   beseeching words to him now gave the affirmatory answer. Five minutes later Luce left her home on his arm. "I'll take   you right away from this one-horse place, Lucy," Caldwell said   to her, as they went out. " My work is done here, with the   doing of the line's." He referred to the completion of the line, the last detail of  whose construction would be an accomplished fact by sunset.   With the running of the  train, thereon, on the morrow,   Caldwell's duties, as assistant superintendent of the men at work   on it, would be over. "I'll belong to you now, Jamie, for ever and ever," Lucretia   whispered up to him, as they gained his front door. She did not   mind now if all the world saw her enter Caldwell's house.   "They've taken my children away, and I'll only belong to you   now, for ever and ever, Jamie," she repeated, as he led her into   her new home. He bent and kissed her quivering lips. When Burnett was going home that night, a neighbour,   overflowing with news, darted out, from the next house. She   had been waiting three hours for his advent, although she knew   he could not be due in Aspect Road till past six. She was   consumed with fear lest another neighbour should tell him the news before she had the chance. She followed Burnett up his garden plot, in order to drive the   bits of information deeper down into his dull, clouded brain. "Their aunt came, Burnett, sure as I'm a livin' woman, and   took 'em all away--the baby an' that limb, Molly, herself!" reiterated By K. Douglas King  239 reiterated the shrill-voiced informant. "How you stare, man!   I tell you they're gone, the whole lot o' them; at half-past one   they went past our windys, and says I, 'Lawks, that's Burnett's   lot!'" Burnett turned on his threshold and faced her with working   jaws. She was not overcome at sight of his distress. Her mind   flew off on a fresh tangent. "An' Caldwell took  her  off, Burnett," went on the shrill tale-  bearer. "In bare daylight, as bold as brass, she went off on his   arm! these eyes o' mine saw it! 'twas like a theayter piece! and thinks I, oh, that poor soul, Burnett, who--" The navvy waved her back, and she retired, somewhat awed at   last, by his expression and his speechlessness. Burnett entered his   empty home. "I don't believe her," he muttered, staring vacantly around.   "It's a damned lie!" Nevertheless, the rooms were empty of wife, of children, and   of children's clothes and broken toys. Burnett fell to thinking   that perhaps the neighbour had not lied, after all. A headless rag doll, lying under a chair, caught his eye. He   remembered, with the  thrill of pain, recognised as such, that   he had left his baby sucking it, contentedly, in its cradle when he   went out that morning to put the finishing touches to the line.   He stooped and picked it up, and stood, stroking it, mechanically,   with his grimy hand. Burnett had not an ounce of sentiment   about him, though he had a greater capacity for affection than   Luce had ever discovered. After a while he ceased stroking the   headless doll, and put it in his breast-pocket. He was not an heroic figure, in his far from clean working suit, and with his   broad, undeveloped features and stubbly hair and beard; but, as   he awkwardly shovelled the rag doll to his breast, his lower lip trembling 240  Lucretia trembling the while, he seemed to be invested with a pathetic   majesty that was far above any physical grandeur. "The childern's gone," thought Burnett, rousing himself with   a heavy sigh. "But their aunt 'ull take care of 'em till--till the   home's ready for 'em ag'in." He went out, swiftly closing the door behind him. Twilight   was falling, and a sense of great loneliness caught him for the    time, as if two hands had clutched him by the throat. He   wheeled sharply towards Caldwell's house. "She must come back if she thinks o' the childern, and knows   I'm mor'n willing to have her back ag'in," he said to himself with   a tearless sob. "She must do that!" A bell hung to his hand by Caldwell's front door, and he pulled   it. Though he was quite calm and composed to all outward   appearances, he was, in reality, labouring under a violent excite-  ment that made him feel sick and giddy. There was no response   of any kind to his ring, and his eye caught the knocker on the   door. He wondered, dully, why he had not seen it before, and   struck it loudly several times on the metal plate. There was a dreadful silence. Burnett s throat contracted.   Then there came the sound of footsteps, and Caldwell himself   threw the door open. He did not recognise his visitor at ,   and met him with an impatient exclamation. Burnett moved doggedly forward over the threshold, and a   hanging lamp in the hall revealed his identity. Caldwell gave   vent to a little low whistle of astonishment. "I--I want to see my wife," stammered the navvy. He found   it difficult to speak, owing to the dry condition of his lips. As   Caldwell continued to preserve silence, he cried again, striking   his nailed boot sharply on the hall floor, "I tell you I want to see   the woman who's my wife!" "Oh, By K. Douglas King  241 "Oh, come in, come in," said the assistant superintendent,   blandly. "Only no violence before the lady, you know, and no   threats." "I'm not such a fool as to threaten," cried out Burnett,   shaking from head to foot in his violent excitement. "I know   I'm a fool and can't understand women like her," he added,   bitterly. "But I'm not such a fool as to threaten her or any   woman!" "Oh, come in," repeated Caldwell, opening a door at the end   of the passage. He passed in himself, and Burnett followed   heavily. Lucretia was within; she had heard voices and had   risen. As Caldwell entered she ran to him and clasped his arm.   Burnett faced them. "Well," said Caldwell, at last, breaking a momentous silence.   "Here is the lady you wanted to see. Say what you have to say,   please, and have done with it. We are particularly engaged to-  night." The outrageous nature of this last remark was apparently lost   upon the navvy. He-was looking at Lucretia intently. He had   never ceased looking at her since he had entered the room.   Lucretia looked only at her lover. Suddenly Burnett ran forward with extended arms. "Oh, my   lass!" he cried; "my dear, own lass! come home with me   again, an' we'll forget all this! Come home with me, Lucy!   come home, my poor dear! Oh, do come home!" Two scalding tears slowly trickled down the navvy's weather-   beaten cheeks. Lucretia shot a glance towards him. There was   no relenting in her eyes. "You see she won't come," began Caldwell, lightly, after   another pause. "She doesn't want--" "Let her speak herself," broke in Burnett, hoarsely. "You've spoke 242  Lucretia spoke too much for her, as well as to her, damn you! Now   don't interfere now between man and wife!" "Don't you coerce her," retorted Caldwell, blandly. "She   knows her own mind, I should hope! If she doesn't want to   come back to you, she doesn't!" "Well, let her speak for herself, for God Almighty's sake,"   cried Burnett. "An' don't put your words into her mouth." "Answer him, dear," said Caldwell, turning his face towards   Lucretia. "And in your own words, as your heart dictates.   Choose, Lucy! will you have him or me?" "Oh! Jamie, Jamie!" "You see," said Caldwell, holding Lucretia to his heart, as he   faced the speechless man, a few paces in front of him. "She   chooses me." Burnett's mouth opened and shut. He said nothing. "She made a mistake when she married you," said Caldwell,   coolly. "She found it out when she saw me, and now she's   rectifying it. It's quite natural, you know, and an event of every   day occurrence." "I don't know about no ev'ry day 'vents," sobbed the navvy.   "But I know you've broke my heart, an' I hope you'll burn in   hell fires!" Lucretia's flaming face looked up above Caldwell's caressing   arms. "And if he does," she cried back, "by God Almighty, John   Burnett! I'll burn with him too!" Her fierce, adoring eyes devoured her lover's face. Caldwell   bent his head till his lips met hers. Burnett heard their kiss as he went heavily out. He crossed the threshold and drew the door sharply to   behind him. Then he turned, swiftly, impulsively. Lucretia's name By K. Douglas King  243 name choked in his throat. The hard, unyielding door reminded   him of the futility of his effort, and he laughed, mocking, in his   anguish, his own bitter mistake. There was no moon; the   twilight had passed, leaving the darker night behind. A tear   stood out on his worn, whitened cheeks and his teeth clenched   on a sob, when he lifted the latch of his house door and passed   into his dishonoured home. "The childern's gone, too," he said again, gazing round the   empty room, in dreary, vacant misery. "But this aunt'll bring   'em back ag'in some day, when Molly's grown more handylike, to   shift for me an' the little uns alone. An' I'll stay on 'ere till they   comes. I'll not go too. An' p'raps--p'raps--she'll come back   too, some day. . . ." He stumbled, slowly and awkwardly, up and down his kitchen,   painfully working out his scheme of the future in his dull, heavy   brain. "I don't understand her," he muttered, again, his future   revolving round his wife as its sole, eternal pivot. He had not   yet realised that Lucretia was lost to him for ever. "I don't   understand her," he groaned, "nor any woman ; but p'raps she'll   grow tired and 'ave no place to lay her tired 'ead in--my poor   lass!--an' p'raps she'll remember our only home we ever 'ad   together, she an' me, an' so p'raps she'll come back to it at last.   If I goes on livin' 'ere, same as ever, p'raps she ll come back at last." Dawn broke over the grey wilderness of slate roofs, over the   railroad, where it circled round the eastern suburb of the town,   over the dreary brickfields. "I'll light a fire, so as she'll see there's no change 'ere,"   thought Burnett, setting, awkwardly enough, to his unwonted   task. A fitful eagerness flashed over his stolid face. There was a slight breeze from the west. The pale, twisted smoke 244  Lucretia smoke column from Burnett's chimney overtook the larger   volume that was gaily spouting from the big chimney on the   assistant superintendent's house. Both were mingled together as   they were blown, eastwards, over the town. At his usual time   Burnett went down to his work on the line. "If so be as she gives a thought to--to what she's left be'ind,"  he thought, "she'll see me goin' an' think I'm the same as usual.   'Twill make 'er comin' back the easier." He clung to the one remaining hope that Lucretia's faithlessness   had not uprooted and cast out of his life. Without that anchor   to his miserable soul he would have been like a ship adrift on an   open sea, and shipwreck would speedily have followed. Contrary   to habit, he went home at midday, to eat his dinner in his own   house. "'Twill seem more--more homelike," he thought. "An'   'twill be another chanst for 'er to see I'm not meanin' to leave my   home." The long, hot afternoon of toil dragged to a weary close on the   line. Burnett sat by his cottage door, staring, steadily, across the   railroad. The sun went slowly down beyond the deserted   brickfields; the twilight drew closer around him, and shut him   in, alone. A board with "To Let" written across it, in bright   black letters had been set up above the fence in front of the   assistant superintendent's late home, since midday. "But she'll come back some day," thought Burnett. His dry,   miserable eyes looked, blankly, into the growing darkness. "She   must--she must do that! She must know--she looked at my   chimney as she . . . as she went . . . an' she must know how I   love her. . . ." Night fell slowly over the town. The Serjeant-at-Law By   Francis Watt YOU have no doubt, at some time or other, walked through   the Royal Courts of Justice and admired the judges in their   scarlet or other bravery. One odd little detail may have caught   your eye : the wigs of three seniors are differenced from those   of their brethren by a black patch on the top. It signifies that   the wearers are serjeants-at-law, and when the last of them goes   to return no more, with him, it seems, will vanish the Order of the Coif. Verily, it will be the "end o' an auld sang," of a   record stretching back to the beginning of English jurisprudence,   of an order whose passing had at one time seemed the passing ot   the law itself. Here, in bare outline, I set forth its ancient and   famous history. And, , as to the name. Under the feudal   system land was held from the Crown upon various tenures.   Sometimes special services were required from the holders ; these   were called Serjeants, and the tenure was said to be by serjeanty. Special services, though usually military, now and again had to   do with the administration of justice. A man enjoyed his plot   because he was coroner, keeper of the peace, summoner, or what   not ; and, over and above the land, he had the fees of the office.   A few offices, chiefly legal, came to have no land attached--were   only paid in fees. Such a business was a serjeanty in gross, or at The Yellow Book--Vol. X. p large, 246  The Serjeant-at-Law large, as one might say. Again, after the Conquest, whilst the   records of our law courts were Latin, the spoken language was   Norman-French--a fearful and wondrous tongue that grew to   be ; "as ill an hearing in the mouth as law-French," says Milton   scornfully, and indeed Babel had scarce matched it. But from   the  it must have been a sore vexation to the thick-witted   Saxon haled before the tribunal of his conqueror. He needs must employ a  counter , or man skilled in the conte , as the plead-  ing was called. The business was a lucrative one, so the   Crown assumed the right of regulation and appointment. It was   held for a serjeanty in gross, and its holders were  servientes regis ad legem . The word  regis was soon omitted except as regards   those specially retained for the royal service. The literal trans-  lation of the other words is serjeants-at-law, still the designation   of the surviving fellows of the order. The serjeant-at-law was   appointed, or in form at least, commanded to take office by writ   under the Great Seal. He was courteously addressed as "you,"   whilst the sheriff was commonly plain "thou " or "thee." The King's or Queen's Serjeants were appointed by letters patent; and   though this official is extinct as the dodo he is mentioned after the   Queen's Attorney-General as public prosecutor in the proclamation   still mumbled at the opening of Courts like the Old Bailey. Now, in early Norman times the  aula regis , or Supreme Court,   was simply the king acting as judge with the assistance of his great officers of state. In time there developed therefrom among much else the three old common law courts ; whereof the   Common Pleas settled the disputes of subjects, the King's Bench   suits concerning the king and the realm, the Exchequer revenue   matters. Though the two last by means of quaint fictions   afterwards acquired a share of private litigation, yet such was   more properly for the Court of Common Pleas. It was peculiarly the By Francis Watt  247 the Serjeants' court, and for many centuries, up to fifty years ago,   they had the right to exclusive audience. Until the Judicature   Acts they were the body of men next to the judges, each being   addressed from the bench as brother, and from them the judges   must be chosen ; also until 1850 the assizes must be held before a   judge or a serjeant of the coif. A clause in Magna Charta provided that the Common Pleas   should not follow the king's wanderings but sit in a fixed place ;   this "fixed place" came to be near the great door of the Hall at   Westminster. When the wind was in the north, the spot was   cold and draughty, so after the Restoration some daring innovator   proposed "to let it (the Court) in through the wall into a back   room which they called the treasury." Sir Orlando Bridgeman, the chief justice, would on no account hear of this. It was a   flagrant violation of Magna Charta to move it an inch. Might   not, he darkly hinted, all its writs be thus rendered null and void ?   Was legal pedantry ever carried further ? one wonders. In a   later age the change was made without comment, and in our own   time the Common Pleas itself has gone to the lumber-room. No   doubt this early fixing of the Court helped to develop a bar   attendant on it. Other species of practitioners, barristers, attorneys,   solicitors in time arose, and the appointment of Queen's Counsel,   of whom Lord Bacon was the earliest, struck the  real blow at the Order of the Coif, but the detail of such things is not for this page. In later days every serjeant was a more fully developed barrister, and then and now, as is well known, every barrister   must belong to one of the four Inns of Court--the two temples,   Gray's Inn and Lincoln's Inn to wit, whose history cannot be   told here ; suffice it to say they were voluntary associations of   lawyers, which gradually acquired the right of calling to the bar   those who wished to practise. Now 248  The Serjeant-at-Law Now the method of appointment of Serjeants was as follows :   The judges, headed by the chief justice of the Common Pleas,   picked out certain eminent barristers as worthy of the dignity,   their names were given in to the Lord Chancellor, and in due   time each had his writ whereof he formally gave his Inn notice.   His House entertained him at a public breakfast, presented him   with a gold or silver net purse with ten guineas or so as a retain-  ing fee, the chapel bell was tolled, and he was solemnly rung out of the bounds. On the day of his call he was harangued (often at preposterous length) by the chief justice of the King's Bench, he   knelt down, and the white coif of the order was fitted on his head ;   he went in procession to Westminster and "counted" in a real   action in the Court of Common Pleas. For centuries he did so   in law-French. Lord Hardwicke was the  serjeant who   "counted" in English. The new-comer was admitted a member   of Serjeants Inn, in Chancery Lane, in ancient times called Farringdon Inn, whereof all the members were Serjeants. Here   they dined together on the  and last days of term : their   clerks also dined in hall, though at a separate table--a survival, no   doubt, from the days when the retainer feasted, albeit "below the   salt," with his master. Dinner done and the napery removed,   the board of green cloth was constituted, and under the presidency   of the chief judge the business of the House was transacted.   There was a second Serjeants' Inn in Fleet Street, but in 1758 its   members joined the older institution in Chancery Lane. When   the Judicature Acts practically abolished the order, the Inn was   sold and its property divided among the members, a scandalous proceeding and poor result of "the wisdom of an heep of lernede   men !" The Serjeant's feast on his appointment was a magnificent affair, instar corcnationis ,as Fortescue has it. In old times it lasted seven days; By Francis Watt  249 days , one of the largest palaces in the metropolis was selected,   and kings and queens graced its quaint ceremonial. Stow   chronicles one such celebration at the call of eleven Serjeants in   1531. There were consumed "twenty- four great beefes, one   hundred fat muttons, fifty-one great veales, thirty-four porkes,"   not to mention the swans, the larkes, the "capons of Kent," the   "carcase of an ox from the shambles," and so forth. One fancies   these solids were washed down by potations proportionately long   and deep. And there were other attractions and other expenses. At the feast in October 1552, "a standing dish of wax represent-  ing the Court of Common Pleas" was the admiration of the   guests ; again, a year or two later, it is noted that each serjeant   was attended by three gentlemen selected by him from among the   members of his own Inn to act as his sewer, his carver, and his   cup-bearer. These Gargantuan banquets must have proved a   sore burden : they were cut down to one day, and, on the union   of the Inns in 1758, given up as unsuited to the newer time. One expense remained. Serjeants on their call must give gold   rings to the sovereign, the lord chancellor, the judges, and many   others. From about the time of Elizabeth mottoes or "posies"   were engraved thereon. Sometimes each serjeant had his own   device, more commonly the whole call adopted the same motto,   which was usually a compliment to the reigning monarch or an allusion to some public event. Thus, after the Restoration the   words ran :  Adeste Carolus Magnus . With a good deal of elision   and twisting the Roman numerals for 1660 were extracted from this, to the huge delight of the learned triflers.  Imperlum et libertas  was the word for 1700, and  plus quam speravlmus  that of   1714, which was as neat as any. The rings were presented to   the judges by the serjeant's "colt," as the barrister attendant on   him through the ceremony was called (probably from colt, an apprentice) ; 250  The Serjeant-at-Law apprentice) ; he also had a ring. In the ninth of Geo. II. the   fourteen new Serjeants gave as of duty 1409 rings, valued at   &#x00A3;773- That call cost each serjeant nearly &#x00A3;200. This ring-   giving continued to the end ; another custom, that of giving   liveries to relatives and friends, was discontinued in 1759. In mediaeval times the new Serjeants went in procession to   St. Paul's, and worshipped at the shrine of Thomas à Becket ; then   to each was allotted a pillar so that his clients might know where   to find him. The Reformation put a summary end to the wor-   ship of St. Thomas, but the formality of the pillar lingered on till   Old St. Paul's and Old London blazed in the Great Fire of 1666. The mediaeval lawyer lives for us to-day in Chaucer's famous  picture : "A Sergeant of Lawe, war and wys, That often hadde ben atte parvys, Ther was also, ful riche of excellence. Discret he was, and of great reverence : He semede such, his wordes weren so wise, Justice he was ful often in assise, By patente, and by pleyn commissioun ; For his science, and for his heih renoun, Of fees and robes hadde he many oon. So gret a purchasour was nowher noon. Al was fee symple to him in effecte, His purchasyng mighte nought ben enfecte. Nowher so besy a man as he ther nas, And yit he seemede besier than he was. In termes hadde he caas and domes alle ; That fro the tyme of kyng William were falle. Therto he couthe endite, and make a thing, Ther couthe no wight pynche at his writyng ; And every statute couthe he pleyn by roote. He By Francis Watt  251 He rood but hoomly in a medlé coote, Gird with a seynt of silk, with barres smale ; Of his array telle I no lenger tale." How lifelike that touch of the fussy man, who "seemede besier   than he was !" But each line might serve as text for a long dis-  sertation ! The old court hours were early : the judges sat from   eight till eleven, when your busy serjeant would, after bolting his   dinner, hie him to his pillar where he would hear his client's   story, "and take notes thereof upon his knee." The parvys or   pervyse of Paul's--properly, only the church door--had come to   mean the nave of the cathedral, called also "Paul's Walk," or  "Duke Humphrey's Walk," from the supposed tomb of Duke Humphrey that stood there. In Tudor times it was the great   lounge and common newsroom of London. Here the needy ad-  venturer "dined with Duke Humphrey," as the quaint euphemism   ran ; here spies garnered in the popular opinion for the authorities.   It was the very place for the lawyer to meet his client, yet had he   other resorts : the round of the Temple Church and Westminster   are noted as in use for consultations. Chaucer's serjeant "rood but hoomly" because he was travel-  ling ; in court he had a long priest-like robe, with a furred cape   about his shoulders and a scarlet hood. The gowns were various,   and sometimes parti-coloured. Thus in 1555 we find each new   serjeant possessed of one robe of scarlet, one of violet, one of   brown and blue, one of mustard and murrey, with tabards (short   sleeveless coats) of cloths of the same colours. The cape was edged,  with lambskin, afterwards with more precious stuff.  In Langland's  Vision of Piers Plowman  (1362) there is mention   of this dress of the Serjeants, they are jibed at for their love of   fees and so forth, after a fashion that is not yet extinct ! But the  distinctive feature in the dress was the coif, a close-fitting head covering 252  The Serjeant-at-Law covering made of white lawn or silk. A badge of honour, it was   worn on all professional occasions, nor was it doffed even in the   king's presence. In monumentnl effigies it is ever clearly shown.   When a serjeant resigned his dignity he was formally discharged   from the obligation of wearing it. To discuss its exact origin   were fruitless, yet one ingenious if mistaken conjecture may be   noticed. Our  lawyers were churchmen, but in 1217 these   were finally debarred from general practice in the courts. Many were unwilling to abandon so lucrative a calling, but what about   the tonsure ? "They were for decency and comeliness allowed   to cover their bald pates with a coif, which has been ever since   retained." Thus the learned Serjeant Wynne in his tract on the   antiquity and dignity of the order (1765). In Tudor times, if   not before, fashion required the serjeant to wear a small skull-cap   of black silk or velvet on the top of the coif. This is very clearly   shown in one of Lord Coke's portraits. Under Charles II.   lawyers, like other folk, began to wear wigs, the higher they were the bigger their perukes. It was wittily said that bench and bar went into mourning on Queen Anne's death, and so remained,   since their present dress is that then adopted. Serjeants were un-  willing to lose sight of their coifs altogether, and it was suggested   on the wig by a round patch of black and white, representing the   white coif and the cap which had covered it. The limp cap of   black cloth known as the "black cap" which the judge assumes   when about to pass sentence of death was, it seems, put on to veil   the coif, and as a sign of sorrow. It was also carried in the hand   when attending divine service, and was possibly assumed in pre-   Reformation times when prayers were said for the dead. A few words will tell of the fall of the order. As far back as   1755 Sir John Willis, chief justice of the Common Pleas, pro-  posed to throw open that Court as well as the office of judge to barristers By Francis Watt  253 barristers who were not Serjeants, but the suggestion came to   nothing. In 1834, the bill for the establishment of a Central   Criminal Court contained a clause to open the Common Pleas ;   this was dropped, but the same object was attained by a royal   warrant, 25th April 1834. The legality of this was soon   questioned and, after solemn argument before the Privy Council, it was declared invalid. In 1846 a statute (the 9 &#x0026; 10 Viet.   c. 54) to the same effect settled the matter, and the Judicature Act   of 1873 provided that no judge need in future be a serjeant. On   the dissolution of Serjeants' Inn its members were received back   into the Houses whence they had come. As for centuries all the judges were Serjeants, the history of the   order is that of the bench and bar of England ; yet some famous   men rose no higher, or for one reason or other became representa-  tive members. Such a one was Sir John Maynard (1602-1690).   In his last years William III. commented on his venerable appear-  ance : "He must have outlived all the lawyers of his time." "If   your Highness had not come I should have outlived the law itself,"   was the old man's happy compliment. Pleading in a Chancery case, he remarked that he had been counsel in the same case half   a century before ; he had steered a middle course in those troubled   times, but he had leant to the side of freedom against King   and Protector alike. His share in the impeachment of Stafford   procured him a jibe in Butler's  Hudibras , yet it was said that   all parties seemed willing to employ him, and that he seemed   willing to be employed by all. Jeffreys, who usually deferred to   him, once blustered out, "You are so old as to forget your law,   Brother Maynard." "True, Sir George, I have forgotten more   law than ever you knew," was the crushing retort. Macaulay has justly praised his conduct at the Revolution for that he urged his party to disregard legal technicalities and adopt new methods for 254  The Serjeant-at-Law for new and unheard-of circumstances. Edmund Plowden (1518-  1585) deserves at least equally high praise. He was so determined   a student that "for three years he went not once out of the   Temple." He is said to have refused the chancellorship offered   him by Elizabeth as he would not desert the old faith. He was   attacked again and again for nonconformity, but his profound   knowledge of legal technicalities enabled him on each occasion to escape the net spread for him. He was an Englishman loyal to   the core, and, Catholic as he was, opposed in 1555 the violent   proceedings of Queen Mary's parliament. The attorney-general   filed a bill against him for contempt, but "Mr. Plowden traversed   fully, and the matter was never decided." "A traverse full of   pregnancy," is Lord Coke's enthusiastic comment. On his death   in 1585 they buried him in that Temple Church whose soil   must have seemed twice sacred to this oracle of the law. An alabaster monument whereon his effigy reposes remains to this   day. A less distinguished contemporary was William Bendloes   (1516-1584), Old Bendloes men called him. A quaint legend   reports him the only serjeant at the Common Pleas bar in the    year of Elizabeth's reign. Whether there was no business,   or merely half-guinea motions of course, or the one man argued   on both sides, or whether the whole story be a fabrication, 'tis scarce   worth while to inquire. I pass to more modern times. William Davy was made serjeant-   at-law in 1754. His wit combats with Lord Mansfield are still   remembered. His lordship was credited with a desire to sit on   Good Friday ; our serjeant hinted that he would be the    judge that had done so since Pontius Pilate ! Mansfield scouted   one of Davy's legal propositions. "If that be law I must   burn all my books." "Better read them ," was the quiet answer. In By Francis Watt  255 In recent days two of the best known Serjeants were Parry and   Ballantine, the  a profound lawyer, the second a great advocate,   but both are vanished from the scene. Three Serjeants yet   remain : Lord Esher (Master of the Rolls), Lord Justice Lindley,   and Mr. Baron Pollock. The Five Sweet Symphonies By Night and Love By   Ernest Wentworth "Ma belle nuit, oh ! sois plus lente . . ." O NIGHT of June, sweet Night, be long ! Look with thy million burning eyes-- See where my Love beside me lies ; So Night of Joy, Night of my Song, Be kind, dear Night, and long. The Night like wild wind speedeth past ; My Love will leave me with the Night. Let me forget, in my delight, Nor Night can dure, nor Love can last, That like wild wind speed past. My Night was here, my Night is gone ; The Day begins his weary flight After the ever-fleeing Night ; And oh, the weary, weary Dawn-- My Love, my Love is gone. My 260  Night and Love My Night, my Love, have left me here ; They will not come to me again. Let me remember, in my pain, How sweet they were, dear God, how dear, That once were really here. Barren Life By Two Stories By   Ella D'Arcy I--The Death Mask THE Master was dead; and Peschi, who had come round to  the studio to see about some repairs--part of the ceiling had   fallen owing to the too lively proceedings of Dubourg and his   eternal visitors overhead--Peschi displayed a natural pride that it   was he who had been selected from among the many  mouleurs  of the Quarter, to take a mask of the dead man. All Paris was talking of the Master, although not, assuredly,   under that title. All Paris was talking of his life, of his genius,   of his misery, and of his death. Peschi, for the moment, was sole   possessor of valuable unedited details, to the narration of which   Hiram P. Corner, who had dropped in to pass the evening with   me, listened with keenly attentive ears. Corner was a recent addition to the American Art Colony;  ingenuous as befitted his eighteen years, and of a more than   improbable innocence. Paris, to him, represented the Holiest of   Holies; the dead Master, by the adorable impeccability of his   writings, figuring therein as one of the High Priests. Needless   to say, he had never come in contact with that High Priest, had   never even seen him; while the Simian caricatures which so The Yellow Book--Vol. X. Q frequently 266  Two Stories frequently embellished the newspapers, made as little impression   on the lad's mind as did the unequivocal allusions, jests, and   epigrams, for ever flung up like sea-spray against the rock of his   unrevered name. The absorbing interest Corner felt glowed visibly on his fresh   young western face, and it was this, I imagine, which led Peschi   to propose that we should go back with him to his  atelier  and see the mask for ourselves. Peschi is a Genoese; small, lithe, very handsome; a skilled   workman, a little demon of industry ; full of enthusiasms, with   the real artist-soul. He works for Felon the sculptor, and it was   Felon who had been commissioned to do the bust for which the   death mask would serve as model. It is always pleasant to hear Peschi talk; and to-night, as we   walked from the Rue Fleurus to the Rue Notre-Dame-des-   Champs he told us something of mask-taking in general, with   illustrations from this particular case. On the preceding day, barely two hours after death had taken   place, Rivereau, one of the dead man's intimates, had rushed into   Peschi's workroom, and carried him off, with the necessary   materials, to the Rue Monsieur, in a cab. Rivereau, though   barely twenty, is perhaps the most notorious of the  bande . Peschi   described him to Corner as having dark, evil, narrow eyes set too   close together in a perfectly white face, framed by falling, lustre-   less black hair; and with the stooping shoulders, the troubled   walk, the attenuated hands common to his class. Arrived at the house, Rivereau led the way up the dark and   dirty staircase to the topmost landing, and as they paused there an   instant, Peschi could hear the long-drawn, hopeless sobs of a   woman within the door. On being admitted he found himself in an apartment consisting 267  By Ella D'Arcy consisting of two small, inconceivably squalid rooms, opening one   from the other. In the outer room, five or six figures, the disciples, friends, and   lovers of the dead poet, conversed together; a curious group in a   medley of costumes. One in an opera-hat, shirt-sleeves, and   soiled grey trousers tied up with a bit of stout string; another in   a black coat buttoned high to conceal the fact that he wore no shirt   at all; a  in clothes crisp from the tailor, with an immense   bunch of Parma violets in his buttonhole. But all were alike in   the strangeness of their eyes, their voices, their gestures. Seen through the open door of the further room, lay the corpse   under a sheet, and by the bedside knelt the stout, middle-aged   mistress, whose sobs had reached the stairs. Madame Germaine, as she was called in the Quarter, had   loved the Master with that complete, self-abnegating, sublime   love of which certain women are capable--a love uniting that of   the mother, the wife, and the nurse all in one. For years she   had cooked for him, washed for him, mended for him; had   watched through whole nights by his bedside when he was ill; had suffered passively his blows, his reproaches, and his neglect, when, thanks to her care, he was well again. She adored him   dumbly, closed her eyes to his vices, and magnified his gifts,   without in the least comprehending them. She belonged to the ouvrière  class, could not read, could not write her own name; but   with a characteristic which is as French as it is un-British, she   paid her homage to intellect, where an Englishwoman only gives it to inches and muscle. Madame Germaine was prouder   perhaps of the Master's greatness, worshipped him more devoutly,   than any one of the super-cultivated, ultra-corrupt group, who by   their flatteries and complaisances had assisted him to his ruin. It was with the utmost difficulty, Peschi said, that Rivereau and 268  Two Stories and the rest had succeeded in persuading the poor creature to   leave the bedside and go into the other room while the mask was.   being taken. The operation, it seems, is a sufficiently horrible one, and no   relative is permitted to be present. As you cover the dead face   over with the plaster, a little air is necessarily forced back again into   the lungs, and this air as it passes along the windpipe causes strange   rattlings, sinister noises, so that you might swear that the corpse   was returned to life. Then, as the mould is removed, the muscles   of the face drag and twitch, the mouth opens, the tongue lolls out - T   and Peschi declared that this always remains for him a gruesome   moment. He has never accustomed himself to it; on every   recurring occasion it fills him with the same repugnance ; and this, although he has taken so many masks, is so deservedly celebrated for them, that  la bande  had instantly selected him to   perpetuate the Master's lineaments. "But it's an excellent likeness," said Peschi; "you see they sent   for me so promptly that he had not changed at all. He does   not look as though he were dead, but just asleep." Meanwhile we had reached the unshuttered shop-front, where   Peschi displays, on Sundays and week-days alike, his finished works   of plastic art to the gamins  and  filles  of the Quarter. Looking past the statuary, we could see into the living-room   beyond, it being separated from the shop only by a glass partition.   It was lighted by a lamp set in the centre of the table, and in the   circle of light thrown from beneath its green shade, we saw a   charming picture: the young head of Madame Peschi bent over   her baby, whom she was feeding at the breast. She is eighteen,   pretty as a rose, and her story and Peschi's is an idyllic one; to   be told, perhaps, another time. She greeted us with the smiling, cordial, unaffected kindliness which in France warms your blood with By Ella D'Arcy  269 with the constant sense of brotherhood; and, giving the boy to his father--a delicious opalescent trace of milk hanging about the little mouth--she got up to see about another lamp which Peschi had asked for. Holding this lamp to guide our steps, he preceded us now across   a dark yard to his workshop at the further end, and while we   went we heard the young mother's exquisite nonsense-talk   addressed to the child, as she settled back in her place again to her   nursing. Peschi, unlocking a door, flashed the light down a long room,   the walls of which, the trestle-tables, the very floor, were hung,   laden, and encumbered with a thousand heterogeneous objects.   Casts of every description and dimension, finished, unfinished,   broken; scrolls for ceilings; caryatides for chimney-pieces;   cornucopias for the entablatures of buildings; chubby Cupids   jostling emaciated Christs; broken columns for Père Lachaise, or   consolatory upward-pointing angels; hands, feet, and noses for the   Schools of Art; a pensively posed  échorché  contemplating a Venus   of Milo fallen upon her back; these, and a crowd of nameless,   formless things, seemed to spring at our eyes, as Peschi raised or   lowered the lamp, moved it this way or the other. "There it is," said he, pointing forwards; and I saw lying flat   upon a modelling-board, with upturned features, a grey, immobile   simulacrum of the curiously mobile face I remembered so well. "Of course you must understand," said Paschi, "it's only in   the rough, just exactly as it came from the  creux . Fifty copies are to be cast altogether, and this is the  one. But I must   prop it up for you. You can't judge of it as it is." He looked about him for a free place on which to set the lamp.   Not finding any, he put it down on the floor. For a few moments   lie stood busied over the mask with his back to us. "Now 270  Two Stories "Now you can see it properly," said he, and stepped aside. The lamp threw its rays upwards, illuminating strongly the   lower portion of the cast, throwing the upper portion into deepest   shadow, with the effect that the inanimate mask was become   suddenly a living face, but a face so unutterably repulsive, so   hideously bestial, that I grew cold to the roots of my hair. . . . A fat, loose throat, a retreating chinless chin, smeared and bleared   with the impressions of the meagre beard; a vile mouth, lustful,   flaccid, the lower lip disproportionately great; ignoble lines;   hateful puffinesses ; something inhuman and yet worse than in-  human in its travesty of humanity ; something that made you   hate the world and your fellows, that made you hate yourself for   being ever so little in  this image. A more abhorrent spectacle I   have never seen. . . . So soon as I could turn my eyes from the ghastly thing, I   looked at Corner. He was white as the plaster faces about him.   His immensely opened eyes showed his astonishment and his   terror. For what I experienced was intensified in his case by   the unexpected and complete disillusionment. He had opened the   door of the tabernacle, and out had crawled a noisome spider; he   had lifted to his lips the communion cup, and therein squatted a   toad. A sort of murmur of frantic protestation began to rise in his throat; but Peschi, unconscious of our agitation, now lifted the   lamp, passed round with it behind the mask, held it high, and let   the rays stream downwards from above. The astounding way the face changed must have been seen to   be believed in. It was exactly as though, by some cunning   sleight of hand, the mask of a god had been substituted for that of   a satyr. . . . You saw a splendid dome-like head, Shakespearean   in contour; a broad, smooth, finely-modelled brow; thick, regular,   horizontal eyebrows, casting a shadow which diminished the too great By Ella D'Arcy 271 great distance separating them from the eyes; while the deeper   shadow thrown below the nose altered its character entirely. Its   snout-like appearance was gone, its deep, wide-open, upturned   nostrils were hidden, but you noticed the well-marked transition   from forehead to nose-base, the broad ridge denoting extraordinary   mental power. Over the eyeballs the lids had slidden down   smooth and creaseless; the little tell-tale palpebral wrinkles   which had given such libidinous lassitude to the eye had vanished   away. The lips no longer looked gross, and they closed together   in a beautiful, sinuous line, now  revealed by the shadow on the upper one. The prominence of the jaws, the muscularity of   the lower part of the face, which gave it so painfully microcephalous  an appearance, were now unnoticeable; on the contrary, the whole   face looked small beneath the noble head and brow. You   remarked the medium-sized and well-formed ears, with the   "swan" distinct in each, the gently-swelling breadth of head   above them, the full development of the forehead over the orbits of   the eyes. You discerned the presence of those higher qualities which might have rendered him an ascetic or a saint; which   led him to understand the beauty of self-denial, to appreciate   the wisdom of self-restraint: and you did not see how these   qualities remained inoperative in him, being completely over-  balanced by the size of the lower brain, the thick, bull throat,   and the immense length from the ear to the base of the skull at   the back. I had often seen the Master in life: I had seen him sipping absinthe  at the d'Harcourt; reeling, a Silemus-like figure, among   the nocturnal Bacchantes of the Boul' Miche; lying in the gutter   outside his house, until his mistress should come to pick him up and take him in. I had seen in the living man more traces than   a few of the bestiality which the death-mask had completely verified; 272  Two Stories verified; but never in the living man had I suspected anything of   the beauty, of the splendour, that I now saw. For that the Master had somewhere a beautiful soul you   divined from his works; from the exquisite melody of all of them,   from the pure, the ecstatic, the religious altitude of some few.   But in actual daily life, his loose and violent will-power, his insane   passions, held that soul bound down so close a captive, that those   who knew him best were the last to admit its existence. And here, a mere accident of lighting displayed not only that   existence, but its visible, outward expression as well. In these   magnificent lines and arches of head and brow, you saw what the   man might have been, what God had intended him to be; what   his mother had foreseen in him, when, a tiny infant like Peschi's   yonder, she had cradled the warm, downy, sweet-smelling little   head upon her bosom, and dreamed day-dreams of all the high, the   great, the wonderful things her boy later on was to do. You saw   what the poor, purblind, middle-aged mistress was the only one to see in the seamed and ravaged face she kissed so tenderly for the last time before the coffin-lid was closed. You saw the head of gold; you could forget the feet of clay, or,  remembering them, you found for the  time some explanation  of the anomalies of his career. You understood how he who could pour out passionate   protestations of love and devotion to God in the morning, offering   up body and soul, flesh and blood in his service; dedicating his   brow as a footstool for the Sacred Feet; his hands as censers for   the glowing coals, the precious incense; condemning his eyes,   misleading lights, to be extinguished by the tears of prayer; you   understood how, nevertheless, before evening was come, he would   set every law of God and decency at defiance, use every member, every faculty, in the service of sin. It By Ella D'Arcy  273 It was given to him, as it is given to few, to see the Best, to   reverence it, to love it; and the blind, groping hesitatingly   forward in the darkness, do not stray as far as he strayed. He knew the value of work, its imperative necessity; that in   the sweat of his brow the artist, like the day-labourer, must   produce, must produce: and he spent his slothful days shambling   from café to café. He never denied his vices; he recognised them and found   excuses for them, high moral reasons even, as the intellectual man   can always do. To indulge them was but to follow out the   dictates of Nature, who in herself is holy; cynically to expose   them to the world was but to be absolutely sincere. And his disciples, going further, taught with a vague poetic   mysticism that he was a fresh Incarnation of the Godhead; that   what was called his immorality was merely his scorn of truckling   to the base conventions of the world. But in his saner moments   he described himself more accurately as a man blown hither and   thither by the winds of evil chance, just as a withered leaf is   blown in autumn; and having received great and exceptional   gifts, with Shakespeare's length of years in which to turn them to   account, he had chosen instead to wallow in such vileness that his very name was anathema among honourable men. Chosen? Did he choose? Can one say after all that he   chose to resemble the leaf rather than the tree? The gates of   gifts close on the child with the womb, and all we possess comes   to us from afar, and is collected from a thousand diverging   sources. If that splendid head and brow were contained in the seed, so   also were the retreating chin, the debased jaw, the animal mouth.   One as much as the other was the direct inheritance of former   generations. Considered in a certain aspect, it seems that a man by 274  Two Stories by taking thought, may as little hope to thwart the implanted   propensities of his character, as to alter the shape of his skull or   the size of his jawbone. I lost myself in mazes of predestination and free-will. Life   appeared to me as a huge kaleidoscope turned by the hand of Fate.   The atoms of glass coalesce into patterns, fall apart, unite together   again, are always the same, but always different, and, shake the   glass never so slightly, the precise combination you have just been   looking at is broken up for ever. It can never be repeated.   This particular man, with his faults and his virtues, his unconscious   brutalities, his unexpected gentlenesses, his furies of remorse; this   man with the lofty brain, the perverted tastes, the weak, irresolute,   indulgent heart, will never again be met with to the end of time;   in all the endless combinations to come, this precise combination   will never be found. Just as of all the faces the world will see, a   face like the mask there will never again exchange glances with it. . . . . I looked at Corner, and saw his countenance once more aglow   with the joy of a recovered Ideal; while Peschi's voice broke in   on my reverie, speaking with the happy pride of the artist in a   good and conscientious piece of work. "Eh bien, how do you find it?" said he; "it is beautiful, is it   not?" II--The Villa Lucienne MADAME COETLEGON told the story, and told it so well, that   her audience seemed to know the sombre alley, the neglected   garden, the shuttered house, as intimately as though they had   visited it themselves; seemed to feel a faint reverberation of the incommunicable By Ella D'Arcy  275 incommunicable thrill which she had felt,--which the surly  guardian, the torn rag of lace, the closed pavilion had made her   feel. And yet, as you will see, there is in reality no story at all;   it is merely an account of how, when in the Riviera two winters   ago, she went with some friends to look over a furnished villa,   which one of them thought of taking. It was afternoon when we started on our expedition, Madame   de M--, Cécile her widowed daughter-in-law, and I. Cécile's   little girl Renée, the nurse, and Médor, the boarhound of which   poor Guy had been so inordinately fond, dawdled after us up the   steep and sunny road. The December day was deliciously blue and warm. Cécile   took off her furs and carried them over her arm. We only put   down our sunshades when a screen of olive-trees on the left inter-  posed their grey-green foliage between the sunshine and us. Up in these trees barefooted men armed with bamboos were   beating the branches to knock down the fruit; and three genera-  tions of women, grandmothers, wives, and children, knelt in the   grass, gathering up the little purplish olives into baskets. All   paused to follow us with black persistent eyes, as we passed by;   only the men went on working unmoved. The tap-tapping,   swish-swishing, of their light sticks against the boughs played   a characteristically southern accompaniment to our desultory talk. We were reasonably happy, pleasantly exhilarated by the beauty   of the weather and the scene. Renée and Médor, with shrill   laughter and deep-mouthed joy-notes, played together the whole   way. And when the garden wall, which now replaced the olive-   trees upon our right, gave place to a couple of iron gates standing open 276  Two Stories open upon a broad straight drive, and we, looking up between   the overarching palm-trees and cocoanuts, saw a white, elegant,   sun-bathed house at the end, Cecile jumped to the con-  clusion that here was the Villa Lucienne, and that nowhere else   could she find a house which on the face of it would suit her   better. But the woman who came to greet us, the jocund, brown-faced   young woman, with the superb abundance of bosom beneath her   crossed neckkerchief of orange-coloured wool, told us no; this   was the Villa Soleil (appropriate name!) and belonged to   Monsieur Morgera, the deputy who was now in Paris. The   Villa Lucienne was higher up; she pointed vaguely behind her through the house: a long walk round by the road. But if these   ladies did not mind a path which was a trifle damp perhaps,   owing to Monday's rain, they would find themselves in five   minutes at the Villa, for the two houses in reality were not more   than a stone's-throw apart. She conducted us across a spacious garden golden with sunshine,   lyric with bird-song, brilliant with flowers, where eucalyptus,   mimosa, and tea-roses interwove their strong and subtle perfumes   through the air, to an angle in a remote laurel hedge. Here she   stooped to pull aside some ancient pine-boughs which ineffectually   closed the entrance to a dark and trellised walk. Peering up it, it   seemed to stretch away interminably into green gloom, the ground   rising a little all the while, and the steepness of the ascent being   modified every here and there by a couple of rotting wooden steps. We were to go up this alley, our guide told us, and we would   be sure to find Laurent at the top. Laurent, she explained to us,   was the gardener who lived at the Villa Lucienne and showed it   to visitors. But there were not many who came, although it had   been to let an immense time, ever since the death of old Madame Gray, By Ella D'Arcy  277 Gray, and that had occurred before she, the speaker, had come   south with the Morgeras. We were to explain to Laurent that   we had been sent up from the Villa Soleil, and then it would be all   right. For he sometimes used the alley himself, as it gave him a   short cut into Antibes; but the passage had been blocked up many   years ago, to prevent the Morgera children running into it. Oh, Madame was very kind, it was no trouble at all, and of   course if these ladies liked they could return by the alley also;   but once they found themselves at the Villa they would be close   to the upper road, which they would probably prefer. Then   came her cordial voice calling after Cécile, "Madame had best   put on her furs again, it is cold in there." It was cold, and damp, too, with the damp coldness of places   where sun and wind never penetrate. It was so narrow that we   had to walk in single file. The walls close on either hand, the low   roof above our heads, were formed of trellised woodwork now   dropping into complete decay. But these might have been   removed altogether, and the alley would still have retained its form; for the creepers which overgrew it had with time   developed gnarled trunks and branches, which formed a second   natural tunnelling outside. Through the broken places in the   woodwork we could see the thick, inextricably twisted stems;   and outside again was a tangled matting of greenery that suffered   no drop of sunlight to trickle through. The ground was covered   with lichens, deathstool, and a spongy moss exuding water beneath the foot, and one had the consciousness that the whole place, floor, walls, and roof, must creep with the repulsive, slimy, running life which pullulates in dark and solitary places. The change from the gay and scented garden to this dark alley,  heavy with the smells of moisture and decay, was curiously   depressing. We followed each other in silence;  Cécile; then, 278  Two Stories then Renée clinging to her nurse's hand, with Médor pressing   close against them; Madame de M--next; and I brought up   the rear. One would have pronounced it impossible to find in any   southern garden so sombre a place, but that, after all, it is only in   the south that such extraordinary contrasts of gaiety and gloom   ever present themselves. The sudden tearing away of a portion of one of the wooden   steps beneath my tread startled us all, and the circular scatter of   an immense colony of wood-lice that had formed its habitat in   the crevices of the wood filled me with shivering disgust. I was   exceedingly glad when we emerged from the tunnel upon daylight   again and the Villa. Upon daylight, but not upon sunlight, for the small garden in   which we found ourselves was ringed round by the compact tops   of the umbrella-pines which climbed the hill on every side. The   site had been chosen of course on account of the magnificent view   which we knew must be obtainable from the Villa windows,   though from where we stood we could see nothing but the dark   trees, the wild garden, the overshadowed house. And we saw   none of these things very distinctly, for our attention was focussed  on the man standing stolidly there in the middle of the garden,   and evidently knee-deep in the grass, awaiting us. He was a short, thick-set peasant, dressed in the immensely   wide blue velveteen trousers, the broad crimson sash, and the   flannel shirt, open at the throat, which are customary in these   parts. He was strong-necked as a bull, dark as a mulatto, and his   curling, grizzled hair was thickly matted over head and face and   breast. He wore a flat knitted cap, and held the inevitable   cigarette between his lips, but he made no attempt to remove one   or the other at our approach. He stood motionless, silent, his hands By Ella D'Arcy  279 hands thrust deep into his pockets, staring at us, and shifting from   one to another his suspicious and truculent little eyes. So far as I was concerned, and though the Villa had proved a   palace, I should have preferred abandoning the quest at once to   going over it in his company ; but Cécile addressed him with   intrepid politeness. "We had been permitted to come up from the Villa Soleil.   We understood that the Villa Lucienne was to let furnished; if   so, might we look over it?" From his heavy, expressionless expression, one might have   supposed that the very last thing he expected or desired was to   find a tenant for the Villa, and I thought with relief that he was   going to refuse Cécile's request. But, after a longish pause: "Yes, you can see it," he said, grudgingly, and turned from us,   to disappear into the lower part of the house. We looked into each other's disconcerted faces, then round the   grey and shadowy garden in which we stood: a garden long   since gone to ruin, with paths and flower-beds inextricably   mingled, with docks and nettles choking up the rose-trees run   wild, with wind-planted weeds growing from the stone vases on   the terrace, with grasses pushing between the marble steps leading   up to the hall door. In the middle of the garden a terra-cotta faun, tumbled from   his pedestal, grinned sardonically up from amidst the tangled   greenery, and Madame de M-- began to quote: "Un vieux faune en terre-cuite Rit au centre des boulingrins, Présageant sans doute une fuite De ces instants sereins Qui m'ont conduit et t'ont conduite . . ." The 280  Two Stories The Villa itself was as dilapidated, as mournful-looking as the   garden. The ground-floor alone gave signs of occupation, in a   checked shirt spread out upon a window-ledge to dry, in a worn   besom, an earthenware pipkin, and a pewter jug, ranged against   the wall. But the upper part, with the yellow plaster crumbling   from the walls, the grey-painted persiennes all monotonously   closed, said with a thousand voices it was never opened, never   entered, had not been lived in for years. Our surly gardener reappeared, carrying some keys. He led   the way up the steps. We exchanged mute questions; all desire   to inspect the Villa was gone. But Cécile is a woman of character:   she devoted herself. "I'll just run up and see what it is like," she said; "it's not   worth while you should tire yourself too, Mamma. You, all, wait   here." We stood at the foot of the steps; Laurent was already at the   top. Cécile began to mount lightly towards him, but before she   was half-way she turned, and to our surprise, "I wish you would   come up all of you," she said, and stopped there until we joined   her. Laurent fitted a key to the door, and it opened with a shriek of   rusty hinges. As he followed us, pulling it to behind him,   we found ourselves in total darkness. I assure you I went   through a bad quarter of a minute. Then we heard the turning   of a handle, an inner door was opened, and in the semi-daylight of   closed shutters we saw the man's squat figure going from us down   a long, old-fashioned, vacant drawing-room towards two windows   at the further end. At the same instant Renee burst into tears: "Oh, I don't like it. Oh, I'm frightened!" she sobbed. "Little goosie!" said her grandmother, "see, it's quite light now!" By Ella D'Arcy  281 now!" for Laurent had pushed back the persiennes, and a magical   panorama had sprung into view; the whole range of the mountains   behind Nice, their snow-caps suffused with a heavenly rose colour   by the setting sun. But Renée only clutched tighter at Madame de M--'s   gown, and wept: "Oh, I don't like it,  Bonnemaman ! She is looking at me still. I want to go home!" No one is looking at you," her grandmother told her, "talk   to your friend Médor. He'll take care of you." But Renée whispered: "He wouldn't come in; he's frightened too." And, listening, we heard the dog's impatient and complaining   bark calling to us from the garden. Cécile sent Renée and the nurse to join him, and while Laurent   let them out, we stepped on to the terrace, and for a moment our   hearts were eased by the incomparable beauty of the view, for   raised now above the tree-tops, we looked over the admirable bay,  the illimitable sky; we feasted our eyes upon unimaginable colour,  upon matchless form. We were almost prepared to declare that   the possession of the Villa was a piece of good fortune not to be   let slip, when we heard a step behind us, and turned to see   Laurent surveying us morosely from the window threshold, and again to experience the oppression of his ungenial personality. Under his guidance we now inspected the century-old   furniture, the faded silks, the tarnished gilt, the ragged brocades,   which had once embellished the room. The oval mirrors were   dim with mildew, the parquet floor might have been a mere piece   of grey drugget, so thick was the overlying dust. Curtains,   yellowish, ropey, of undeterminable material, hung forlornly where once they had draped windows and doors. Originally they The Yellow Book--Vol. X. R may 282  Two Stories may have been of rose satin, for there were traces of rose colour   still on the walls and the ceiling, painted in gay southern fashion   with loves and doves, festoons of flowers, and knots of ribbons.   But these paintings were all fragmentary, indistinct, seeming to   lose sequence and outline the more diligently you tried to decipher   them. Yet you could not fail to see that when  furnished the   room must have been charming and coquettish. I wondered for   whom it had been thus arranged, why it had been thus abandoned.   For there grew upon me, I cannot tell you why, the curious   conviction that the last inhabitant of the room having casually   left it, had, from some unexpected obstacle, never again re-   turned. They were but the merest trifles that created this idea; the tiny heaps of brown ash which lay on a marble gueridon, the   few withered twigs in the vase beside it, spoke of the last rose   plucked from the garden; the big berceuse chair drawn out   beside the sculptured mantelpiece seemed to retain the impression   of the last occupant; and in the dark recesses of the unclosed   hearth my fancy detected smouldering heat in the half-charred   logs of wood. The other rooms in the villa resembled the  salon  , each time   our surly guide opened the shutters we saw a repetition of the ancient furniture, of the faded decoration; everything dust-   covered and time-decayed. Nor in these other rooms was any   sign of former occupation to be seen, until, caught upon the girandole  of a pier-glass, a long ragged fragment of lace seized my   eye; an exquisitely fine and cobwebby piece of lace, as though   caught and torn from some gala shawl or flounce, as the wearer had hurried by. It was odd perhaps to see this piece of lace caught thus, but   not odd enough surely to account for the strange emotion which seized By Ella D'Arcy  283 seized hold of me: an overwhelming pity, succeeded by an over-  whelming fear. I had had a momentary intention to point the   lace out to the others, but a glance at Laurent froze the words on   my lips. Never in my life have I experienced such a paralysing   fear. I was filled with an intense desire to get away from the   man and from the Villa. But Madame de M-- looking from the window, had noticed   a pavilion standing isolated in the garden. She inquired if it were   to be let with the house. Then she supposed we could visit it.   No, said the man, that was impossible. But she insisted it was   only right that tenants should see the whole of the premises   for which they would have to pay, but he refused this time with   such rudeness, his little brutish eyes narrowed with such malig-   nancy, that the panic which I had just experienced now seized the others, and it was a  sauve-qui-peut . We gathered up Renée, nurse, and Médor in our hasty passage   through the garden, and found our way unguided to the gate upon   the upper road. And once at large beneath the serene evening sky, winding   slowly westward down the olive bordered ways: "What an odious   old ruffian!" said one; "What an eerie, uncanny place!" said   another. We compared notes. We found that each of us had   been conscious of the same immense, the same inexplicable sense   of fear. Cécile, the least nervous of women, had felt it the . It had   laid hold of her when going up the steps to the door, and it had   been so real a terror, she explained to us, that if we had not joined   her she would have turned back. Nothing could have induced   her to enter the Villa alone. Madame de M--'s account was that her mind had been   more or less troubled from the  moment of entering the garden, 284  Two Stories garden, but that when the man refused us access to the pavilion,   it had been suddenly invaded by a most intolerable sense of some-   thing wrong. Being very imaginative (poor Guy undoubtedly   derived his extraordinary gifts from her), Madame de M-- was   convinced that the gardener had murdered some one and buried   the body inside the pavilion. But for me it was not so much the personality of the man--   although I admitted he was unprepossessing enough--as the Villa   itself which inspired fear. Fear seemed to exude from the walls,   to dim the mirrors with its clammy breath, to stir shudderingly   among the tattered draperies, to impregnate the whole atmosphere   as with an essence, a gas, a contagious disease. You fought it off   for a shorter or longer time, according to your powers of resistance,   but you were bound to succumb to it at last. The oppressive   and invisible fumes had laid hold of us one after the other, and the   incident of the closed pavilion had raised our terrors to a ludicrous   pitch. Nurse's experiences, which she gave us a day or two later,   supported this view. For she told us that when Renée began to   cry, and she took her hand to lead her out, all at once she felt   quite nervous and uncomfortable too, as though the little one's   trouble had passed by touch into her. "And what is strange too," said she, "when we reached the   garden, there was Médor, his forepaws planted firmly on the   ground, his whole body rigid, and his hair bristling all along his   backbone from end to end." Nurse was convinced that both the child and the dog had seen   something we others could not see. This reminded us of a word of Renée's, a very curious word: "I don't like it,  she  is looking at me still,"--and Cecile under-   took to question her. "You By Ella D'Arcy  285 You remember, Renée, when mother took you the other day   to look over the pretty Villa--" Renée opened wide, mute eyes. "Why did you cry?" "I was frightened of the lady," she whispered. "Where was the lady?" asked Cécile. "She was in the drawing-room, sitting in the big chair." "Was she an old lady like grandmamma, or a young lady like   mother?" "She was like Bonnemaman," said Renée, and her little mouth   began to quiver. "And what did she do?" "She got up and began to--to come-- But here Renée burst into tears again. And as she is a very   nervous, excitable child, we had to drop the subject. But what it all meant, whether there was anything in the   history of the house or of its guardian which could account for   our sensations, we never knew. We made inquiries of course   concerning Laurent and the Villa Lucienne, but we learned very   little, and that little was so vague, so remote, so irrelevant, that it   does not seem worth while repeating. The indisputable fact is the overwhelming fear which the   adventure awoke in each and all of us; and this effect is impossible   to describe, being just the crystallisation of one of those subtle,   unformulated emotions in which only poor Guy himself could   have hoped to succeed. Windermere By Prince Alberic and the Snake Lady By   Vernon Lee [To H.H. the Ranee Brooke of Saràwak] IN the year 1701, the Duchy of Luna became united to the Italian dominions of the Holy Roman Empire, owing to the extinction of its famous ducal house in the persons of Duke Balthasar Maria and of his grandson Alberic, who should   have been  of the name. Under this dry historical fact lies   hidden the strange story of Prince Alberic and the Snake Lady. I The  act of hostility of old Duke Balthasar towards the Snake Lady, in whose existence he did not, of course, believe,   was connected with the arrival at Luna of certain tapestries after   the designs of the famous Monsieur Le Brun, a present from his   most Christian Majesty King Lewis the XIV. These Gobelins,   which represented the marriage of Alexander and Roxana, were placed in the throne room, and in the most gallant suit of chambers overlooking the great rockery garden, all of which had   been completed by Duke Balthasar Maria in 1680 ; and, as a consequence, 290  Prince Alberic and the Snake Lady consequence, the already existing tapestries, silk hangings and mirrors painted by Marius of the Flowers, were transferred into   other apartments, thus occasioning a general re-hanging of the   Red Palace at Luna. These magnificent operations, in which,   as the court poets sang, Apollo and the Graces lent their ser-  vices to their beloved patron, aroused in Duke Balthasar's mind a sudden curiosity to see what might be made of the rooms occupied by his grandson and heir, and which he had not entered   since Prince Alberic's christening. He found the apartments in   a shocking state of neglect, and the youthful prince unspeakably   shy and rustic ; and he determined to give him at once an   establishment befitting his age, to look out presently for a princess worthy to be his wife, and, somewhat earlier, for a less illustrious   but more agreeable lady to fashion his manners. Meanwhile,   Duke Balthasar Maria gave orders to change the tapestry in   Prince Alberic's chamber. This tapestry was of old and Gothic   taste, extremely worn, and represented Alberic the Blond and the Snake Lady Oriana, alluded to in the poems of Boiardo and the   chronicles of the Crusaders. Duke Balthasar Maria was a   prince of enlightened mind and delicate taste ; the literature as   well as the art of the dark ages found no grace in his sight ; he   reproved the folly of feeding the thoughts of youth on improbable events ; besides, he disliked snakes and was afraid of the devil.   So he ordered the tapestry to be removed and another, representing   Susanna and the Elders, to be put in its stead. But when Prince   Alberic discovered the change, he cut Susanna and the Elders into   strips with a knife he had stolen out of the ducal kitchens (no dangerous instruments being allowed to young princes before they   were of an age to learn to fence) and refused to touch his food for   three days. The tapestry over which little Prince Alberic mourned so greatly By Vernon Lee  291 greatly had indeed been both tattered and Gothic. But for the boy it possessed an inexhaustible charm. It was quite full of   things, and they were all delightful. The sorely frayed borders   consisted of wonderful garlands of leaves, and fruits, and flowers,   tied at intervals with ribbons, although they seemed all to grow,   like tall, narrow bushes, each from a big vase in the bottom corner; and made of all manner of different plants. There were   bunches of spiky bays, and of acorned oakleaves, sheaves of lilies   and heads of poppies, gourds, and apples and pears, and hazelnuts   and mulberries, wheat ears, and beans, and pine tufts. And in each of these plants, of which those above named are only a very   few, there were curious live creatures of some sort--various birds,   big and little, butterflies on the lilies, snails, squirrels, and mice, and rabbits, and even a hare, with such pointed ears, darting   among the spruce fir. Alberic learned the names of most of these   plants and creatures from his nurse, who had been a peasant, and   spent much ingenuity seeking for them in the palace gardens and terraces; but there were no live creatures there, except snails and  toads, which the gardeners killed, and carp swimming about in   the big tank, whom Alberic did not like, and who were not in the   tapestry; and he had to supplement his nurse's information by   that of the grooms and scullions, when he could visit them secretly. He was even promised a sight, one day, of a dead rabbit--the   rabbit was the most fascinating of the inhabitants of the tapestry   border--but he came to the kitchen too late, and saw it with its pretty fur pulled off, and looking so sad and naked that it made   him cry. But Alberic had grown so accustomed to never quitting   the Red Palace and its gardens, that he was usually satisfied with   seeing the plants and animals in the tapestry, and looked forward   to seeing the real things when he should be grown up. "When   I am a man," he would say to himself--for his nurse scolded him 292  Prince Alberic and the Snake Lady him for saying it to her "I will have a live rabbit of my own." The border of the tapestry interested Prince Alberic most when he was very little--indeed, his remembrance of it was older than   that of the Red Palace, its terraces and gardens--but gradually he   began to care more and more for the pictures in the middle. There were mountains, and the sea with ships; and these made him care to go on to the topmost palace terrace and look at   the real mountains and the sea beyond the roofs and gardens; and   there were woods of all manner of tall trees, with clover and wild   strawberries growing beneath them, and roads, and paths, and rivers, in and out--these were rather confused with the places where the   tapestry was worn out, and with the patches and mendings thereof,   but Alberic, in the course of time, contrived to make them all out,   and knew exactly whence the river came which turned the big mill wheel, and how many bends it made before coming to the   fishing nets; and how the horsemen must cross over the bridge,   then wind behind the cliff with the chapel, and pass through the   wood of firs in order to get from the castle in the left hand corner   nearest the bottom to the town, over which the sun was shining with all its beams, and a wind blowing with inflated cheeks on   the right hand close to the top. The centre of the tapestry was the most worn and discoloured ; and it was for this reason perhaps that little Alberic scarcely   noticed it for some years, his eye and mind led away by the bright   red and yellow of the border of fruit and flowers, and the still   vivid green and orange of the background landscape. Red, yellow   and orange, even green, had faded in the centre into pale blue and   lilac; even the green had grown an odd dusky tint; and the figures   seemed like ghosts, sometimes emerging and then receding again   into vagueness. Indeed, it was only as he grew bigger that Alberic began By Vernon Lee  293 began to see any figures at all; and then, for a long time he would lose sight of them. But little by little, when the light was   strong, he could see them always; and even in the dark make   them out with a little attention. Among the spruce firs and pines,   and against a hedge of roses, on which there still lingered a rem-   nant of redness, a knight had reined in his big white horse, and   was putting one arm round the shoulder of a lady, who was leaning   against the horse's flank. The knight was all dressed in armour-- not at all like that of the equestrian statue of Duke Balthasar   Maria in the square, but all made of plates, with plates also on the   legs, instead of having them bare like Duke Balthasar's statue;   and on his head he had no wig, but a helmet with big plumes. It   seemed a more reasonable dress than the other, but probably Duke Balthasar was right to go to battle with bare legs and a kilt and a   wig, since he did so. The lady who was looking up into his face   was dressed with a high collar and long sleeves, and on her head   she wore a thick circular garland, from under which the hair fell about her shoulders. She was very lovely, Alberic got to think,   particularly when, having climbed upon a chest of drawers, he saw   that her hair was still full of threads of gold, some of them quite   loose because the tapestry was so rubbed. The knight and his   horse were of course very beautiful, and he liked the way in which the knight reined in the horse with one hand, and embraced the   lady with the other arm. But Alberic got to love the lady most,   although she was so very pale and faded, and almost the colour of   the moonbeams through the palace windows in summer. Her   dress also was so beautiful and unlike those of the ladies who got out of the coaches in the Court of Honour, and who had on hoops   and no clothes at all on their upper part. This lady, on the con-  trary, had that collar like a lily, and a beautiful gold chain, and   patterns in gold (Alberic made them out little by little) all over her 294  Prince Alberic and the Snake Lady her bodice. He got to want so much to see her skirt ; it was probably very beautiful too, but it so happened that the inlaid   chest of drawers before mentioned stood against the wall in that   place, and on it a large ebony and ivory crucifix, which covered   the lower part of the lady's body. Alberic often tried to lift off the crucifix, but it was a great deal too heavy, and there was not   room on the chest of drawers to push it aside; so the lady's skirt   and feet remained invisible. But one day, when Alberic was eleven,   his nurse suddenly took a fancy to having all the furniture shifted.   It was time that the child should cease to sleep in her room, and   plague her with his loud talking in his dreams. And she might   as well have the handsome inlaid chest of drawers, and that nice   pious crucifix for herself next door, in place of Alberic's little bed.   So one morning there was a great shifting and dusting, and when Alberic came in from his walk on the terrace, there hung the   tapestry entirely uncovered. He stood for a few minutes before   it, riveted to the ground. Then he ran to his nurse, exclaiming,   "Oh, nurse, dear nurse, look--the lady--!" For where the big crucifix had stood, the lower part of the beautiful pale lady with the gold thread hair was now exposed.   But instead of a skirt, she ended off in a big snake's tail, with   scales of still most vivid (the tapestry not having faded there)   green and gold. The nurse turned round. "Holy Virgin," she cried, "why she's a serpent!" Then notic- ing the boy's violent excitement, she added, "You little ninny, it's   only Duke Alberic the Blond, who was your ancestor, and the   Snake Lady." Little Prince Alberic asked no questions, feeling that he must not. Very strange it was, but he loved the beautiful lady with   the thread of gold hair only the more because she ended off in the longconsequence, By Vernon Lee  295 long twisting body of a snake. And that, no doubt, was why the knight was so very good to her. II For want of that tapestry, poor Alberic, having cut its successor to pieces, began to pine away. It had been his whole world;   and now it was gone he discovered that he had no other. No   one had ever cared for him except his nurse, who was very cross.   Nothing had ever been taught him except the Latin catechism;   he had had nothing to make a pet of except the fat carp, supposed to be four hundred years old, in the tank; he had nothing to play   with except a gala coral with bells by Benvenuto Cellini, which   Duke Balthasar Maria had sent him on his eighth birthday. He   had never had anything except a grandfather, and had never been   outside the Red Palace. Now, after the loss of the tapestry, the disappearance of the plants and flowers and birds and beasts on its borders, and the   departure of the kind knight on the horse and the dear golden-   haired Snake Lady, Alberic became aware that he had always   hated both his grandfather and the Red Palace. The whole world, indeed, were agreed that Duke Balthasar was the most magnanimous and fascinating of monarchs; and that the   Red Palace of Luna was the most magnificent and delectable of   residences. But the knowledge of this universal opinion, and the   consequent sense of his own extreme unworthiness, merely   exasperated Alberic's detestation, which, as it grew, came to identify the Duke and the Palace as the personification and visible manifestation of each other. He knew now--oh how well   --every time that he walked on the terrace or in the garden (at   the hours when no one else ever entered them) that he had always abominated 296  Prince Alberic and the Snake Lady abominated the brilliant tomato-coloured plaster which gave the palace its name: such a pleasant, gay colour, people would   remark, particularly against the blue of the sky. Then there   were the Twelve Cssars--they were the Twelve Caesars, but   multiplied over and over again--busts with flying draperies and   spiky garlands, one over every  floor window, hundreds of them, all fluttering and grimacing round the place. Alberic had   always thought them uncanny; but now he positively avoided   looking out of the window, lest his eye should catch the stucco   eyeball of one of those Caesars in the opposite wing of the   building. But there was one thing more especially in the Red   Palace, of which a bare glimpse had always filled the youthful Prince with terror, and which now kept recurring to his mind like a nightmare. This was no other than the famous grotto of   the Court of Honour. Its roof was ingeniously inlaid with oyster   shells, forming elegant patterns, among which you could plainly   distinguish some colossal satyrs ; the sides were built of rockery, and in its depths, disposed in a most natural and tasteful manner,   was a herd of lifesize animals all carved out of various precious   marbles. On holidays the water was turned on, and spurted   about in a gallant fashion. On such occasions persons of taste would flock to Luna from all parts of the world to enjoy the spectacle. But ever since his earliest infancy Prince Alberic had   held this grotto in abhorrence. The oyster shell satyrs on the   roof frightened him into fits, particularly when the fountains were   playing; and his terror of the marble animals was such that a bare allusion to the Porphyry Rhinoceros, the Giraffe of Cipollino, and   the Verde Antique Monkeys, set him screaming for an hour.   The grotto, moreover, had become associated in his mind with the   other great glory of the Red Palace, to wit, the domed chapel in which Duke Balthasar Maria intended erecting monuments to his By Vernon Lee  297 his immediate ancestors, and in which he had already prepared a monument for himself. And the whole magnificent palace,   grotto, chapel and all, had become mysteriously connected with   Alberic's grandfather, owing to a particularly terrible dream.   When the boy was eight years old, he was taken one day to see   his grandfather. It was the feast of St. Balthasar, one of the Three Wise Kings from the East, as is well known. There had   been firing of mortars and ringing of bells ever since daybreak.   Alberic had his hair curled, was put into new clothes (his usual   raiment was somewhat tattered), a large nosegay was put in his   hand, and he and his nurse were conveyed by complicated relays   of lackeys and of pages up to the Ducal apartments. Here, in a crowded outer room, he was separated from his nurse and received   by a gaunt person in a long black robe like a sheath, and a long   shovel hat, whom Alberic identified many years later as his grand-  father's Jesuit confessor. He smiled a long smile, discovering a prodigious number of teeth, in a manner which froze the child's   blood; and lifting an embroidered curtain, pushed Alberic into   his grandfather's presence. Duke Balthasar Maria, known as the   Ever Young Prince in all Italy, was at his toilet. He was   wrapped in a green Chinese wrapper, embroidered with gold   pagodas, and round his head was tied an orange scarf of delicate fabric. He was listening to the performance of some fiddlers, and   of a lady dressed as a nymph, who was singing the birthday ode   with many shrill trills and quavers; and meanwhile his face, in   the hands of a valet, was being plastered with a variety of brilliant colours. In his green and gold wrapper and orange head-dress, with   the strange patches of vermilion and white on his cheeks, Duke   Balthasar looked to the diseased fancy of his grandson as if he had   been made of various precious metals, like the celebrated effigy he had erected of himself in the great burial chapel. But, just as Alberic 298  Prince Alberic and the Snake Lady Alberic was mustering up courage and approaching his magnificent grandparent, his eye fell upon a sight so mysterious and terrible   that he fled wildly out of the Ducal presence. For through an   open door he could see in an adjacent closet a man dressed in   white, combing the long flowing locks of what he recognised as   his grandfather's head, stuck on a short pole in the light of a window. That night Alberic had seen in his dreams the ever young Duke Balthasar Maria descend from his niche in the burial-chapel;   and, with his Roman lappets and corslet visible beneath the green   bronze cloak embroidered with gold pagodas, march down the   great staircase into the Court of Honour, and ascend to the empty   place at the end of the rockery grotto (where, as a matter of fact, a statue of Neptune, by a pupil of Bernini, was placed some   months later), and there, raising his sceptre, receive the obeisance   of all the marble animals--the giraffe, the rhinoceros, the stag, the peacock, and the monkeys. And behold! suddenly his well-known   features waxed dim, and beneath the great curly peruke there was   a round blank thing--a barber's block! Alberic, who was an intelligent child, had gradually learned to disentangle this dream from reality; but its grotesque terror never   vanished from his mind, and became the core of all his feelings   towards Duke Balthasar Maria and the Red Palace. III The news--which was kept back as long as possible--of the  destruction of Susanna and the Elders threw Duke Balthasar   Maria into a most violent rage with his grandson. The boy should   be punished by exile, and exile to a terrible place; above all, to a place By Vernon Lee  299 place where there was no furniture to destroy. Taking due counsel with his Jesuit, his Jester, and his Dwarf, Duke Balthasar   decided that in the whole Duchy of Luna there was no place more   fitted for the purpose than the Castle of Sparkling Waters. For the Castle of Sparkling Waters was little better than a ruin, and its sole inhabitants were a family of peasants. The original   cradle of the House of Luna, and its principal bulwark against   invasion, the castle had been ignominiously discarded and forsaken   a couple of centuries before, when the dukes had built the rectangular town in the plain; after which it had been used as a   quarry for ready cut stone, and the greater part carted off to   rebuild the city of Luna, and even the central portion of the Red   Palace. The castle was therefore reduced to its outer circuit of   walls, enclosing vineyards and orange-gardens, instead of moats and yards and towers, and to the large gate tower, which had been   kept, with one or two smaller buildings, for the housing of the   farmer, his cattle, and his stores. Thither the misguided young prince was conveyed in a care- fully shuttered coach and at a late hour of the evening, as was   proper in the case of an offender at once so illustrious and so   criminal. Nature, moreover, had clearly shared Duke Balthasar   Maria s legitimate anger, and had done her best to increase the   horror of this just though terrible sentence. For that particular night the long summer broke up in a storm of fearful violence;   and Alberic entered the ruined castle amid the howling of wind,   the rumble of thunder, and the rush of torrents of rain. But the young prince showed no fear or reluctance; he saluted  with dignity and sweetness the farmer and his wife and family,   and took possession of his attic, where the curtains of an antique   and crazy four-poster shook in the draught of the unglazed   windows, as if he were taking possession of the gala chambers of The Yellow Book--Vol. X. S a great 300  Prince Alberic and the Snake Lady a great palace. "And so," he merely remarked, looking round him with reserved satisfaction, "I am now in the castle which   was built by my ancestor and namesake, Alberic the Blond." He looked not unworthy of such illustrious lineage, as he stood there in the flickering light of the pine torch: tall for his age,   slender and strong, with abundant golden hair falling about his   very white face. That  night at the Castle of Sparkling Waters, Alberic dreamed without end about his dear, lost tapestry. And when, in   the radiant autumn morning, he descended to explore the place of   his banishment and captivity, it seemed as if those dreams were   still going on. Or had the tapestry been removed to this   spot, and become a reality in which he himself was running   about ? The guard tower in which he had slept was still intact and chivalrous. It had battlements, a drawbridge, a great escutcheon   with the arms of Luna, just like the castle in the tapestry. Some   vines, quite loaded with grapes, rose on the strong cords of their   fibrous wood from the ground to the very roof of the tower,   exactly like those borders of leaves and fruit which Alberic had loved so much. And, between the vines, all along the masonry,   were strung long narrow ropes of maize, like garlands of gold. A   plantation of orange trees filled what had once been the moat ;   lemons were spalliered against the delicate pink brickwork.   There were no lilies, but big carnations hung down from the   tower windows, and a tall oleander, which Alberic mistook for a special sort of rose-tree, shed its blossoms on to the drawbridge.   After the storm of the night, birds were singing all round ; not   indeed as they sang in spring, which Alberic, of course, did not   know, but in a manner quite different from the canaries in the   ducal aviaries at Luna. Moreover other birds, wonderful white and By Vernon Lee  301 and gold creatures, some of them with brilliant tails and scarlet  crests, were pecking and strutting and making curious noises in   the yard. And--could it be true?--a little way further up the   hill, for the castle walls climbed steeply from the seaboard, in   the grass beneath the olive trees, white creatures were running in   and out--white creatures with pinkish lining to their ears, un-   doubtedly--as Alberic's nurse had taught him on the tapestry--   undoubtedly rabbits . Thus Alberic rambled on, from discovery to discovery, with the growing sense that he was in the tapestry, but that the tapestry   had become the whole world. He climbed from terrace to   terrace of the steep olive yard, among the sage and the fennel tufts,  the long red walls of the castle winding ever higher on the hill.   And, on the very top of the hill was a high terrace surrounded by towers, and a white shining house with columns and windows,   which seemed to drag him upwards. It was, indeed, the citadel of the place, the very centre of the  castle. Alberic's heart beat strangely as he passed beneath the wide arch of delicate ivy-grown brick, and clambered up the rough   paved path to the topmost terrace. And there he actually forgot   the tapestry. The terrace was laid out as a vineyard, the vines   trellised on the top of stone columns ; at one end stood a clump   of trees, pines, and a big ilex and a walnut, whose shrivelled leaves already strewed the grass. To the back stood a tiny little house   all built of shining marble, with two large rounded windows   divided by delicate pillars, of the sort (as Alberic later learned)   which people built in the barbarous days of the Goths. Among   the vines, which formed a vast arbour, were growing, in open spaces, large orange and lemon trees, and flowering bushes of   rosemary, and pale pink roses. And in front of the house, under a great 302  Prince Alberic and the Snake Lady a great umbrella pine, was a well, with an arch over it and a bucket hanging to a chain. Alberic wandered about in the vineyard, and then slowly mounted the marble staircase which flanked the white house. There was no one in it. The two or three small upper chambers   stood open, and on their blackened floor were heaped sacks, and   faggots, and fodder, and all manner of coloured seeds. The un-   glazed windows stood open, framing in between their white pillars   a piece of deep blue sea. For there, below, but seen over the   tops of the olive trees and the green leaves of the oranges and lemons, stretched the sea, deep blue, speckled with white sails,   bounded by pale blue capes and arched over by a dazzling pale   blue sky. From the lower story there rose faint sounds of cattle,   and a fresh, sweet smell as of cut grass and herbs and cool   ness, which Alberic had never known before. How long did Alberic stand at that window ? He was startled by what he took to be steps close behind him, and a rustle as of silk.   But the rooms were empty, and he could see nothing moving among   the stacked up fodder and seeds. Still, the sounds seemed to recur,   but now outside, and he thought he heard someone in a very low voice call his name. He descended into the vineyard ; he walked   round every tree and every shrub, and climbed upon the broken   masses of rose-coloured masonry, crushing the scented rag-wort   and peppermint with which they were overgrown. But all was   still and empty. Only, from far, far below, there rose a stave of peasant's song. The great gold balls of oranges, and the delicate yellow lemons, stood out among their glossy green against the deep blue of the sea ; the long bunches of grapes, hung, filled with   sunshine, like clusters of rubies and jacinths and topazes, from the   trellis which patterned the pale blue sky. But Alberic felt not hunger Vernon Lee  303 hunger, but sudden thirst, and mounted the three broken marble  steps of the well. By its side was a long narrow trough of   marble, such as stood in the court at Luna, and which,   Alberic had been told, people had used as coffins in pagan times.   This one was evidently intended to receive water from the well,   for it had a mask in the middle, with a spout ; but it was quite dry and full of wild herbs and even of pale, prickly roses. There   were garlands carved upon it, and people twisting snakes about   them ; and the carving was picked out with golden brown minute   mosses. Alberic looked at it, for it pleased him greatly ; and then   he lowered the bucket into the deep well, and drank. The well was   very, very deep. Its inner sides were covered, as far as you could   see, with long delicate weeds like pale green hair, but this faded   away in the darkness. At the bottom was a bright space,   reflecting the sky, but looking like some subterranean country.   Alberic, as he bent over, was startled by suddenly seeing what seemed a face filling up part of that shining circle ; but he   remembered it must be his own reflection, and felt ashamed. So,   to give himself courage, he bent over again, and sang his own   name to the image. But instead of his own boyish voice he was   answered by wonderful tones, high and deep alternately, running   through the notes of a long, long cadence, as he had heard them   on holidays at the Ducal Chapel at Luna. When he had slaked his thirst, Alberic was about to unchain the bucket, when there was a rustle hard by, and a sort of little   hiss, and there rose from the carved trough, from among the   weeds and roses, and glided on to the brick of the well, a long,   green, glittering thing. Alberic recognised it to be a snake ;   only, he had no idea it had such a flat, strange little head and such a long forked tongue, for the lady on the tapestry was a woman   from the waist upwards. It sat on the opposite side of the well, moving 304  Prince Alberic and the Snake Lady moving its long neck in his direction, and fixing him with its  small golden eyes. Then, slowly, it began to glide round the well   circle towards him. Perhaps it wants to drink, thought Alberic,   and tipped the bronze pitcher in its direction. But the creature   glided past, and came around and rubbed itself against Alberic's   hand. The boy was not afraid, for he knew nothing about snakes ; but he started, for, on this hot day, the creature was icy   cold. But then he felt sorry. "It must be dreadful to be always   so cold," he said, "come, try and get warm in my pocket." But the snake merely rubbed itself against his coat, and then disappeared back into the carved sarcophagus. IV Duke Balthasar Maria, as we have seen, was famous for his unfading youth, and much of his happiness and pride was due to   this delightful peculiarity. Any comparison, therefore, which   might diminish it was distasteful to the ever young sovereign of   Luna ; and when his son had died with mysterious suddenness,   Duke Balthasar Maria's grief had been tempered by the consolatory fact that he was now the youngest man at his own court. This very natural feeling explains why the Duke of Luna had put   behind him for several years the fact of having a grandson, painful   because implying that he was of an age to be a grandfather. He   had done his best, and succeeded not badly, to forget Alberic   while the latter abode under his own roof; and now that the boy had been sent away to a distance, he forgot him entirely for the   space of several years. But Balthasar Maria's three chief counsellors had no such reason for forgetfulness ; and so in turn, each unknown to the other, By Vernon Lee  305 other, the Jesuit, the Dwarf, and the Jester, sent spies to the Castle of Sparkling Waters, and even secretly visited that place in   person. For by the coincidence of genius, the mind of each of   these profound politicians, had been illuminated by the same remarkable thought, to wit : that Duke Balthasar Maria, unnatural   as it seemed, would some day have to die, and Prince Alberic,   if still alive, become duke in his stead. Those were the times of   subtle statecraft ; and the Jesuit, the Dwarf, and the Jester were   notable statemen even in their day. So each of them had provided himself with a scheme, which, in order to be thoroughly   artistic, was twofold, and so to speak, double-barrelled. Alberic   might live or he might die, and therefore Alberic must be turned   to profit in either case. If, to invert the chances, Alberic should die before coming to the throne, the Jesuit, the Dwarf, and the   Jester had each privately determined to represent this death as   purposely brought about by himself for the benefit of one of three   Powers which would claim the Duchy in case of extinction of the   male line. The Jesuit had chosen to attribute the murder to   devotion to the Holy See ; the Dwarf had preferred to appear active in favour of the King of Spain, and the Jester had decided   that he would lay claim to the gratitude of the Emperor ; the   very means which each would pretend to have used had been   thought out : poison in each case ; only while the Dwarf had   selected arsenic, taken through a pair of perfumed gloves, and the Jester pounded diamonds mixed in champagne, the Jesuit had modestly adhered to the humble cup of chocolate, which whether   real or fictitious, had always stood his order in such good stead.   Thus had each of these wily courtiers disposed of Alberic in case   that he should die. There remained the alternative of Alberic continuing to live ;  and for this the three rival statesmen were also prepared. If Alberic 306  Prince Alberic and the Snake Lady Alberic lived, it was obvious that he must be made to select one  of the three as his sole minister ; and banish, imprison, or put to   death the other two. For this purpose it was necessary to secure   his affection by gifts, until he should be old enough to understand that he had actually owed his life to the passionate loyalty of the   Jesuit, or the Dwarf, or the Jester, each of whom had saved him   from the atrocious enterprises of the other two counsellors of   Balthasar Maria,--nay, who knows? perhaps from the malignity of Balthasar Maria himself. In accordance with these subtle machinations, each of the three statesmen determined to outwit his rivals by sending young   Alberic such things as would appeal most strongly to a poor   young prince living in banishment among peasants, and wholly   unsupplied with pocket-money. The Jesuit expended a consider-   able sum on books, magnificently bound with the arms of Luna ; the Dwarf prepared several suits of tasteful clothes ; and the   Jester selected, with infinite care, a horse of equal and perfect   gentleness and mettle. And, unknown to one another, but much   about the same period, each of the statesmen sent his present   most secretly to Alberic. Imagine the astonishment and wrath   of the Jesuit, the Dwarf, and the Jester, when each saw his messenger come back from Sparkling Waters, with his gift returned, and the news that Prince Alberic was already supplied   with a complete library, a handsome wardrobe and not one, but   two horses of the finest breed and training ; nay, more unexpected   still, that while returning the gifts to their respective donors, he   had rewarded the messengers with splendid liberality. The result of this amazing discovery was much the same in the mind of the Jesuit, the Dwarf, and the Jester. Each instantly   suspected one or both of his rivals ; then, on second thoughts,   determined to change the present to one of the other items (horse, clothes, By Vernon Lee  307 clothes, or books, as the case might be) little suspecting that each  of them had been supplied already ; and, on further reflection,   began to doubt the reality of the whole business, to suspect   connivance of the messengers, intended insult on the part of the   prince, and decided to trust only to the evidence of his own eyes in the matter. Accordingly, within the same few months, the Jesuit, the Dwarf, and the Jester, feigned grievous illness to their Ducal   Master, and while everybody thought them safe in bed in the   Red Palace at Luna, hurried, on horseback, or in a litter, or in a   coach, to the Castle of Sparkling Waters. The scene with the peasant and his family, young Alberic's host, was identical on the three occasions ; and, as the farmer saw   that these personages were equally willing to pay liberally for   absolute secrecy, he very consistently swore to supply that   desideratum to each of the three great functionaries. And   similarly, in all three cases, it was deemed preferable to see the young prince  from a hiding place, before asking leave to pay   their respects. The Dwarf, who was the  in the field, was able to hide very conveniently in one of the cut velvet plumes which sur- mounted Alberic's four-post bedstead, and to observe the young   prince as he changed his apparel. But he scarcely recognised the   Duke's grandson. Alberic was sixteen, but far taller and stronger   than his age would warrant. His figure was at once manly and delicate, and full of grace and vigour of movement. His long hair, the colour of floss silk, fell in wavy curls, which seemed to   imply almost a woman's care and coquetry. His hands also,   though powerful, were, as the Dwarf took note, of princely form   and whiteness. As to his garments, the open doors of his ward-   robe displayed every variety that a young prince could need ; and, while 308  Prince Alberic and the Snake Lady while the Dwarf was watching, he was exchanging a russet and purple hunting dress, cut after the Hungarian fashion with cape and   hood, and accompanied by a cap crowned with peacock's feathers,   for a habit of white and silver, trimmed with Venetian lace, in   which he intended to honour the wedding of one of the farmer's daughters. Never, in his most genuine youth, had Balthasar Maria, the ever young and handsome, been one quarter as beautiful   in person or as delicate in apparel as his grandson in exile among   poor country folk. The Jesuit, in his turn, came to verify his messenger's extra- ordinary statements. Through the gap between two rafters he   was enabled to look down on to Prince Alberic in his study.   Magnificently bound books lined the walls of the closet, and   in this gap hung valuable maps and prints. On the table were   heaped several open volumes, among globes both terrestrial and   celestial, and Alberic himself was leaning on the arm of a great chair, reciting the verses of Virgil in a most graceful chant.   Never had the Jesuit seen a better-appointed study nor a more   precocious young scholar. As regards the Jester, he came at the very moment that Alberic was returning from a ride ; and, having begun life as an acrobat,   he was able to climb into a large ilex which commanded an excel-   lent view of the Castle yard. Alberic was mounted on a splendid jet-   black barb, magnificently caparisoned in crimson and gold Spanish trappings. His groom--for he even had a groom--was riding a horse   only a shade less perfect : it was white and he was black--a splendid negro such as great princes only own. When Alberic came in   sight of the farmer's wife, who stood shelling peas on the door-   step, he waved his hat with infinite grace, caused his horse to   caracole and rear three times in salutation, picked an apple up   while cantering round the Castle yard, threw it in the air with his By Vernon Lee  309 his sword and cut it in two as it descended, and did a number of -similar feats such as are taught only to the most brilliant cavaliers.   Now, as he was going to dismount, a branch of the ilex cracked,   the black barb reared, and Alberic, looking up, perceived the   Jester moving in the tree. "A wonderful parti-coloured bird!" he exclaimed, and seized the fowling-piece that hung by his saddle. But before he had time to fire the Jester had thrown himself down and alighted,   making three somersaults, on the ground. "My Lord," said the Jester, "you see before you a faithful subject who, braving the threats and traps of your enemies, and,   I am bound to add, risking also your Highness's sovereign dis-   pleasure, has been determined to see his Prince once more, to   have the supreme happiness of seeing him at last clad and equipped   and mounted . . . ." "Enough !" interrupted Alberic sternly. "Say no more.   You would have me believe that it is to you I owe my horses and books and clothes, even as the Dwarf and the Jesuit   tried to make me believe about themselves last month. Know,   then, that Alberic of Luna requires gifts from none of you.   And now, most miserable councillor of my unhappy grandfather,   begone !" The Jester checked his rage, and tried, all the way back to Luna, to get at some solution of this intolerable riddle. The   Jesuit and the Dwarf--the scoundrels--had been trying  their  hand  then ! Perhaps, indeed, it was their blundering which had ruined   his own perfectly concocted scheme. But for their having come and claimed gratitude for gifts they had not made, Alberic would   perhaps have believed that the Jester had not merely offered the   horse which was refused, but had actually given the two which   had been accepted, and the books and clothes (since there had been books Prince Alberic and the Snake Lady 310 books and clothes given) into the bargain. But then, had not Alberic spoken as if he were perfectly sure from what quarter all   his possessions had come ? This reminded the Jester of the allusion   to the Duke Balthasar Maria ; Alberic had spoken of him as   unhappy. Was it, could it be, possible that the treacherous old   wretch had been keeping up relations with his grandson in secret, afraid--for he was a miserable coward at bottom--both of the   wrath of his three counsellors, and of the hatred of his grandson ?   Was it possible, thought the Jester, that not only the Jesuit and   the Dwarf, but the Duke of Luna also, had been intriguing   against him round young Prince Alberic ? Balthasar Maria was   quite capable of it ; he might be enjoying the trick he was playing   to his three masters--for they were his masters ; he might be preparing to turn suddenly upon them with his long neglected grandson like a sword to smite them. On the other hand, might   this not be a mere mistake and supposition on the part of Prince   Alberic, who, in his silly dignity, preferred to believe in the liber-   ality of his ducal grandfather than in that of his grandfather's servants ? Might the horses, and all the rest, not really be the   gift of either the Dwarf or the Jesuit, although neither had got   the credit for it ? "No, no," exclaimed the Jester, for he hated   his fellow servants worse than his master, "anything better than   that ! Rather a thousand times that it were the Duke himself who had outwitted them." Then, in his bitterness, having gone over the old arguments again and again, some additional circumstances returned to his   memory. The black groom was deaf and dumb, and the peasants   it appeared, had been quite unable to extract any information from   him. But he had arrived with those particular horses only a few   months ago ; a gift, the peasants had thought, from the old Duke   of Luna. But Alberic, they had said, had possessed other horses before, By Vernon Lee  311 before, which they had also thus taken for granted, must have come   from the Red Palace. And the clothes and books had been   accumulating, it appeared, ever since the Prince's arrival in his place  of banishment. Since this was the case, the plot, whether on the part   of the Jesuit or the Dwarf, or on that of the Duke himself, had been   going on for years before the Jester had bestirred himself! More-   over, the Prince not only possessed horses, but he had learned to   ride ; he not only had books, but he had learned to read, and even to read various tongues ; and finally, the Prince was not only clad   in princely garments, but he was every inch of him a Prince. He   had then been consorting with other people than the peasants at   Sparkling Waters. He must have been away--or--someone   must have come. He had not been living in solitude. But when--how--and above all, who ? And again the baffled Jester revolved the probabilities concerning   the Dwarf, the Jesuit, and the Duke. It must be--it could be no   other--it evidently could only be. . . . "Ah!" exclaimed the unhappy diplomatist ; "if only one could believe in magic !" And it suddenly struck him, with terror and mingled relief, "Was it magic ?" But the Jester, like the Dwarf and the Jesuit, and the Duke of Luna himself, was altogether superior to such foolish beliefs. V The young Prince of Luna had never attempted to learn the story of Alberic the Blond and the Snake Lady. Children some-   times conceive an inexplicable shyness, almost a dread, of knowing   more on subjects which are uppermost in their thoughts ; and such 312  Prince Alberic and the Snake Lady such had been the case of Duke Balthasar Maria's grandson. Ever since the memorable morning when the ebony crucifix had been removed from in front of the faded tapestry, and the whole   figure of the Snake Lady had been for the time revealed,   scarcely a day had passed without there coming to the boy's mind   his nurse's words about his ancestor Alberic and the Snake Lady   Oriana. But, even as he had asked no questions then, so he had asked no questions since ; shrinking more and more from all further knowledge of the matter. He had never questioned his   nurse, he had never questioned the peasants of Sparkling Waters,   although the story, he felt quite sure, must be well known among   the ruins of Alberic the Blond's own castle. Nay, stranger   still, he had never mentioned the subject to his dear Godmother, to whom he had learned to open his heart about all things, and   who had taught him all that he knew. For the Duke's Jester had guessed rightly that, during these years at Sparkling Waters, the young Prince had not consorted   solely with peasants. The very evening after his arrival, as he   was sitting by the marble well in the vineyard, looking towards   the sea, he had felt a hand placed lightly on his shoulder, and   looked up into the face of a beautiful lady veiled in green. "Do not be afraid," she had said, smiling at his terror. "I am  not a ghost, but alive like you ; and I am, though you do not   know it, your Godmother. My dwelling is close to this castle,   and I shall come every evening to play and talk with you, here by   the little white palace with the pillars, where the fodder is stacked. Only, you must remember that I do so against the wishes of your   grandfather and all his friends, and that if ever you mention me   to anyone, or allude in any way to our meetings, I shall be   obliged to leave the neighbourhood, and you will never see   me again. Some day when you are big you will learn why ; till By Vernon Lee  313 till then you must take me on trust. And now what shall we play at ?" And thus his Godmother had come every evening at sunset ; just for an hour and no more, and had taught the poor solitary   little prince to play (for he had never played) and to read, and to   manage a horse, and, above all, to love : for, except the old   tapestry in the Red Palace, he had never loved anything in the   world. Alberic told his dear Godmother everything, beginning with the story of the two pieces of tapestry, the one they had taken   away and the one he had cut to pieces ; and he asked her about   all the things he ever wanted to know, and she was always able to   answer. Only, about two things they were silent : she never told   him her name nor where she lived, nor whether Duke Balthasar   Maria knew her (the boy guessed that she had been a friend of his father's); and Alberic never revealed the fact that the tapestry   had represented his ancestor and the beautiful Oriana ; for, even   to his dear Godmother, and most perhaps to her, he found it   impossible even to mention Alberic the Blond and the Snake   Lady. But the story, or rather the name of the story he did not know,  never loosened its hold on Alberic's mind. Little by little, as he   grew up, it came to add to his life two friends, of whom he never   told his Godmother. They were, to be sure, of such sort,   however different, that a boy might find it difficult to speak about without feeling foolish. The  of the two friends was his own   ancestor, Alberic the Blond; and the second that large tame grass   snake whose acquaintance he had made the day after his arrival at   the castle. About Alberic the Blond he knew indeed but little,   save that he had reigned in Luna many hundreds of years ago, and that he had been a very brave and glorious prince indeed, who had helped 314  Prince Alberic and the Snake Lady helped to conquer the Holy Sepulchre with Godfrey and Tancred and the other heroes of Tasso. But, perhaps in proportion to this   vagueness, Alberic the Blond served to personify all the notions of   chivalry which the boy had learned from his Godmother, and   those which bubbled up in his own breast. Nay, little by little the young Prince began to take his unknown ancestor as a model,   and in a confused way, to identify himself with him. For was   he not fair-haired too, and Prince of Luna,  Alberic ,  of the name, as the other had been  ? Perhaps for this reason he   could never speak of this ancestor with his Godmother. She   might think it presumptuous and foolish ; besides, she might   perhaps tell him things about Alberic the Blond which might hurt   him ; the poor young Prince, who had compared the splendid   reputation of his own grandfather with the miserable reality, had grown up precociously sceptical. As to the Snake, with whom he   played everyday in the grass, and who was his only companion   during the many hours of his Godmother's absence, he would   willingly have spoken of her, and had once been on the point of   doing so, but he had noticed that the mere name of such creatures   seemed to be odious to his Godmother. Whenever, in their readings, they came across any mention of serpents, his Godmother   would exclaim, "Let us skip that," with a look of intense pain   in her usually cheerful countenance. It was a pity, Alberic   thought, that so lovely and dear a lady should feel such hatred   towards any living creature, particularly towards a kind, which like his own tame grass snake, was perfectly harmless. But he   loved her too much to dream of thwarting her ; and he was very   grateful to his tame snake for having the tact never to show   herself at the hour of his Godmother's visits. But to return to the story represented on the dear, faded tapestry in the Red Palace. When By Vernon Lee  315 When Prince Alberic, unconscious to himself, was beginning to turn into a full-grown and gallant-looking youth, a change   began to take place in him, and it was about the story of his an-   cestor and the Lady Oriana. He thought of it more than ever,   and it began to haunt his dreams ; only it was now a vaguely   painful thought, and, while dreading still to know more, he began to experience a restless, miserable, craving to know all. His   curiosity was like a thorn in his flesh, working its way in and in ;   and it seemed something almost more than curiosity. And yet,   he was still shy and frightened of the subject ; nay, the greater   his craving to know, the greater grew a strange certainty that the knowing would be accompanied by evil. So, although many   people could have answered--the very peasants,the fishermen of   the coast, and , and foremost, his Godmother--he let months   pass before he asked the question. It, and the answer, came of a sudden. There occasionally came to Sparkling Waters an old man, who united in his tattered person the trades of mending crockery and   reciting fairy tales. He would seat himself, in summer, under   the spreading fig tree in the castle yard, and in winter, by the   peasants deep, black chimney, alternately boring holes in pipkins,   or gluing plate edges, and singing, in a cracked, nasal voice, but   not without dignity and charm of manner, the stories of the King   of Portugal's Cowherd, of the Feathers of the Griffin, or some   of the many stanzas of  Orlando  or  Jerusalem Delivered , which he  knew by heart. Our young Prince had always avoided him, partly   from a vague fear of a mention of his ancestor and the Snake Lady,   and partly because of something vaguely sinister in the old man's   eye. But now he awaited with impatience the vagrant's periodical return, and on one occasion, summoned him to his own chamber. The Yellow Book--Vol. X. T "Sing 316  Prince Alberic and the Snake Lady "Sing me," he commanded, "the story of Alberic the Blond and the Snake Lady." The old man hesitated, and answered with a strange look :-- "My lord, I do not know it." A sudden feeling, such as the youth had never experienced before, seized hold of Alberic. He did not recognise himself.   He saw and heard himself, as if it were some one else, nod  at   some pieces of gold, of those his godmother had given him, and   then at his fowling piece hung on the wall ; and as he did so, he   had a strange thought : "I must be mad." But he merely said, sternly :-- "Old man, that is not true. Sing that story at once, if you value my money and your safety." The vagrant took his white-bearded chin in his hand, mused, and then, fumbling among the files and drills and pieces of wire   in his tool basket, which made a faint metallic accompaniment,   he slowly began to chant the following stanzas :-- VI Now listen, courteous Prince, to what befel your ancestor, the valorous Alberic, returning from the Holy Land. Already a year had passed since the strongholds of Jerusalem had fallen beneath the blows of the faithful, and since the sepulchre of   Christ had been delivered from the worshippers of Macomet. The   great Godfrey was enthroned as its guardian, and the mighty   barons, his companions, were wending their way homewards : Tancred, and Bohemund, and Reynold, and the rest. The valorous Alberic, the honour of Luna, after many perilous  adventures, brought by the anger of the Wizard Macomet, was By Vernon Lee  317 was shipwrecked on his homeward way, and cast, alone of   all his great following, upon the rocky shore of an unknown island. He wandered long about, among woods and pleasant   pastures, but without ever seeing any signs of habitation ;   nourishing himself solely on the berries and clear water, and taking   his rest in the green grass beneath the trees. At length, after   some days of wandering, he came to a dense forest, the like of which he had never seen before, so deep was its shade and so   tangled were its boughs. He broke the branches with his iron-   gloved hand, and the air became filled with the croaking and   screeching of dreadful night-birds. He pushed his way with   shoulder and knee, trampling the broken leafage under foot, and   the air was filled with the roaring of monstrous lions and tigers. He grasped his sharp double-edged sword and hewed through the   interlaced branches, and the air was filled with the shrieks and   sobs of a vanquished city. But the Knight of Luna went on,   undaunted, cutting his way through the enchanted wood. And   behold ! as he issued thence, there rose before him a lordly castle, as of some great prince, situate in a pleasant meadow among running streams. And as Alberic approached the portcullis was   raised, and the drawbridge lowered ; and there arose sounds of fifes   and bugles, but nowhere could he descry any living creature around. And Alberic entered the castle, and found therein guardrooms full   of shining arms, and chambers spread with rich stuffs, and a   banquetting hall, with a great table laid and a chair of state at the   end. And as he entered a concert of invisible voices and instru- ments greeted him sweetly, and called him by name, and bid him   be welcome ; but not a living soul did he see. So he sat him down   at the table, and as he did so, invisible hands filled his cup and his   plate, and ministered to him with delicacies of all sorts. Now, when the good knight had eaten and drunken his fill, he drank to the 318  Prince Alberic and the Snake Lady the health of his unknown host, declaring himself the servant thereof with his sword and heart. After which, weary with   wandering, he prepared to take rest on the carpets which strewed   the ground ; but invisible hands unbuckled his armour, and clad   him in silken robes, and led him to a couch all covered with rose-   leaves. And when he had laid himself down, the concert of invisible singers and players put him to sleep with their melodies. It was the hour of sunset when the valorous Baron awoke, and buckled on his armour, and hung on his thigh his great sword Brillamorte ; and the invisible hands helped him once more. And the Knight of Luna went all over the enchanted castle, and found all manner of rarities, treasures of precious stones, such   as great kings possess, and store of gold and silver vessels, and   rich stuffs, and stables full of fiery coursers ready caparisoned;   but never a human creature anywhere. And, wondering more   and more, he went forth into the orchard, which lay within the walls of the castle. And such another orchard, sure, was never   seen, since that in which the hero Hercules found the three golden   apples and slew the great dragon. For you might see in this   place fruit trees of all kinds, apples and pears, and peaches and   plums, and the goodly orange, which bore at the same time fruit and delicate and scented blossom. And all around were set   hedges of roses, whose scent was even like heaven ; and there   were other flowers of all kinds, those into which the vain Narcissus   turned through love of himself, and those which grew, they tell   us, from the blood-drops of fair Venus's minion ; and lilies of which that Messenger carried a sheaf who saluted the Meek Damsel, glorious above all womankind. And in the trees sang   innumerable birds ; and others, of unknown breed, joined melody   in hanging cages and aviaries. And in the orchard's midst was   set a fountain, the most wonderful ever made, its waters running in By Vernon Lee  319 in green channels among the flowered grass. For that fountain was made in the likeness of twin naked maidens, dancing together,   and pouring water out of pitchers as they did so ; and the maidens   were of fine silver, and the pitchers of wrought gold, and the   whole so cunningly contrived by magic art that the maidens really moved and danced with the waters they were pouring out : a   wonderful work, most truly. And when the Knight of Luna had   feasted his eyes upon this marvel, he saw among the grass, beneath   a flowering almond tree, a sepulchre of marble, cunningly carved   and gilded, on which was written, "Here is imprisoned the Fairy Oriana, most miserable of all fairies, condemned for no fault, but   by envious powers, to a dreadful fate,"--and as he read, the in-  scription changed, and the sepulchre showed these words : "O Knight of Luna, valorous Alberic, if thou wouldst show thy gratitude to the hapless mistress of this castle, summon up thy   redoubtable courage, and, whatsoever creature issue from my   marble heart, swear thou to kiss it three times on the mouth, that   Oriana may be released." And Alberic drew his great sword, and on its hilt, shaped like a cross, he swore. Then wouldst thou have heard a terrible sound of thunder, and seen the castle walls rock. But Alberic, nothing daunted, repeats   in a loud voice, "I swear," and instantly that sepulchre's lid up-   heaves, and there issues thence and rises up a great green snake, wearing a golden crown, and raises itself and fawns towards the   valorous Knight of Luna. And Alberic starts and recoils in   terror. For rather, a thousand times, confront alone the armed   hosts of all the heathen, than put his lips to that cold, creeping   beast ! And the serpent looks at Alberic with great gold eyes,   and big tears issue thence, and it drops prostrate on the grass, and   Alberic summons courage and approaches ; but when the serpent glides 320  Prince Alberic and the Snake Lady glides along his arm, a horror takes him, and he falls back unable.   And the tears stream from the snake's golden eyes, and moans   come from its mouth. And Alberic runs forward, and seizes the serpent in both hands, and lifts it up, and three times presses his hot lips against   its cold and slippery skin, shutting his eyes in horror, and when   the Knight of Luna opens them again, behold! O wonder! in   his arms no longer a dreadful snake, but a damsel, richly dressed   and beautiful beyond comparison. VII Young Alberic sickened that very night, and lay for many days with raging fever. The peasant's wife and a good neighbouring   priest nursed him unhelped, for when the messenger they sent   arrived at Luna, Duke Balthasar was busy rehearsing a grand   ballet in which he himself danced the part of Phoebus Apollo;   and the ducal physician was therefore despatched to Sparkling   Waters only when the young prince was already recovering. Prince Alberic undoubtedly passed through a very bad illness,  and went fairly out of his mind for fever and ague. He raved so dreadfully in his delirium about enchanted tapestries and terrible grottoes, Twelve Caesars with rolling eye-   balls, barbers' blocks with perukes on them, monkeys of verde   antique, and porphyry rhinoceroses, and all manner of hellish   creatures, that the good priest began to suspect a case of demoniac possession, and caused candles to be kept lighted all day and all   night, and holy water to be sprinkled, and a printed form of   exorcism, absolutely sovereign in such trouble, to be nailed   against the bed-post. On the  day the young prince fell into By Vernon Lee  321 into a profound sleep, from which he awaked in apparent pos- session of his faculties. "Then you are not the porphyry rhinoceros?" he said, very slowly as his eye fell upon the priest ; "and this is my own dear   little room at Sparkling Waters, though I do not understand all   those candles. I thought it was the great hall in the Red   Palace, and that all those animals of precious marbles, and my   grandfather, the duke, in his bronze and gold robes, were beating   me and my tame snake to death with Harlequin's laths. It was terrible. But now I see it was all fancy and delirium." The poor youth gave a sigh of relief, and feebly caressed the rugged old hand of the priest, which lay on his counterpane.   The prince lay for a long while motionless, but gradually a   strange light came into his eyes, and a smile on to his lips.   Presently he made a sign that the peasants should leave the room, and taking once more the good priest's hand, he looked solemnly   in his eyes, and spoke in an earnest voice. "My father," he said,   "I have seen and heard strange things in my sickness, and I   cannot tell for certain now what belongs to the reality of my   previous life, and what is merely the remembrance of delirium.   On this I would fain be enlightened. Promise me, my father, to answer my questions truly, for this is a matter of the welfare of   my soul, and therefore of your own." The priest nearly jumped on his chair. So he had been right. The demons had been trying to tamper with the poor young   prince, and now he was going to have a fine account of it all. "My son," he murmured, "as I hope for the spiritual welfare of both of us, I promise to answer all your interrogations to the   best of my powers. Speak them without hesitation." Alberic hesitated for a moment, and his eyes glanced from one long lit taper to the other. "In 322  Prince Alberic and the Snake Lady "In that case," he said, slowly, "let me conjure you, my father, to tell me whether or not there exists a certain tradition in  my family, of the loves of my ancestor, Alberic the Blond, with a   certain Snake Lady, and how he was unfaithful to her, and failed   to disenchant her, and how a second Alberic, also my ancestor,   loved this same Snake Lady, but failed before the ten years of fidelity were over, and became a monk. . . . Does such a story   exist, or have I imagined it all during my sickness?" "My son," replied the good priest, testily, for he was most horribly disappointed by this speech, "it is scarce fitting that a   young prince but just escaped from the jaws of death--and,   perhaps, even from the insidious onslaught of the Evil One--   should give his mind to idle tales like these." "Call them what you choose," answered the prince, gravely, "but remember your promise, father. Answer me truly, and presume not to question my reasons." The priest started. What a hasty ass he had been ! Why these were probably the demons talking out of Alberic's mouth,   causing him to ask silly irrelevant questions in order to prevent a   good confession. Such were notoriously among their stock   tricks ! But he would outwit them. If only it were possible to   summon up St. Paschal Baylon, that new fashionable saint who   had been doing such wonders with devils lately ! But St. Paschal Baylon required not only that you should say several rosaries, but that you should light four candles on a table and lay   a supper for two ; after that there was nothing he would not do.   So the priest hastily seized two candlesticks from the foot of the   bed, and called to the peasant's wife to bring a clean napkin and plates and glasses ; and meanwhile endeavoured to detain the demons by answering the poor prince's foolish chatter, "Your   ancestors, the two Alberics--a tradition in your Serene family-- yes, By Vernon Lee  323 yes, my Lord--there is such--let me see, how does the story go ?  --ah yes--this demon, I mean this Snake Lady was a--what  they call a fairy or--witch, malefica or stryx is, I believe, the proper Latin expression--who had been turned into a snake for   her sins--good woman, woman, is it possible you cannot be a   little quicker in bringing those plates for his Highness's supper ?   The Snake Lady--let me see--was to cease altogether being a   snake if a cavalier remained faithful to her for ten years ; and at   any rate turned into a woman every time a cavalier was found   who had the courage to give her a kiss as if she were not a snake   --a disagreeable thing, besides being mortal sin. As I said just   now, this enabled her to resume temporarily her human shape, which is said to have been fair enough ; but how can one tell ? I   believe she was allowed to change into a woman for an hour at   sunset, in any case and without anybody kissing her, but only for   an hour. A very unlikely story, my Lord, and not a very moral   one to my thinking !" And the good priest spread the table-cloth over the table, wondering secretly when the plates and glasses for St. Paschal   Baylon would make their appearance. If only the demon could   be prevented from beating a retreat before all was ready ! "To   return to the story about which your Highness is pleased to   inquire," he continued, trying to gain time by pretending to   humour the demon who was asking questions through the poor Prince's mouth, "I can remember hearing a poem before I took orders--a foolish poem too, in a very poor style, if my memory is   correct--that related the manner in which Alberic the Blond met   this Snake Lady, and disenchanted her by performing the   ceremony I have alluded to. The poem was frequently sung at fairs   and similar resorts of the uneducated, and, as remarked, was a very inferior composition indeed. Alberic the Blond afterwards came 324  Prince Alberic and the Snake Lady came to his senses, it appears, and after abandoning the Snake Lady fulfilled his duty as a prince, and married the princess. . . .   I cannot exactly remember what princess, but it was a very   suitable marriage, no doubt, from which your Highness is of course descended. "As regards the Marquis Alberic, second of the name, of whom it is accounted that he died in the odour of sanctity, (and indeed   it is said that the facts concerning his beatification are being   studied in the proper quarters), there is a mention in a life of   Saint Fredevaldus, bishop and patron of Luna, printed at the beginning of the present century at Venice, with approbation and   license of the authorities and inquisition, a mention of the fact   that this Marquis Alberic the second had contracted, having   abandoned his lawful wife, a left-handed marriage with this same   Snake Lady (such evil creatures not being subject to natural death), she having induced him thereunto in hope of his proving faithful   ten years, and by this means restoring her altogether to human   shape. But a certain holy hermit, having got wind of this   scandal, prayed to St. Fredevaldus as patron of Luna, whereupon   St. Fredevaldus, took pity on the Marquis Alberic's sins, and appeared to him in a vision at the end of the ninth year of his   irregular connection with the Snake Lady, and touched his heart   so thoroughly that he instantly forswore her company, and   handing the Marquisate over to his mother, abandoned the world   and entered the order of St. Romuald, in which he died, as   remarked, in odour of sanctity, in consequence of which the present Duke, your Highness's magnificent grandfather, is at this   moment, as befits so pious a prince, employing his influence with   the Holy Father for the beatification of so glorious an ancestor.   And now, my son," added the good priest, suddenly changing his tone, for he had got the table ready, and lighted the candles, and only By Vernon Lee  325 only required to go through the preliminary invocation of St. Paschal Baylon--"and now, my son, let your curiosity trouble  you no more, but endeavour to obtain some rest, and if pos-   sible--" But the prince interrupted him. "One word more, good father," he begged, fixing him with earnest eyes, "is it known what has been the fate of the Snake   Lady ?" The impudence of the demons made the priest quite angry, but he must not scare them before the arrival of St. Paschal, so he   controlled himself, and answered slowly by gulps, between the   lines of the invocation he was mumbling under his breath : "My Lord--it results from the same life of St. Fredevaldus,  that . . . (in case of property lost, fire, flood, earthquake, plague)   . . . that the Snake Lady (thee we invoke, most holy Paschal   Baylon !). The Snake Lady being of the nature of fairies, cannot   die unless her head be severed from her trunk, and is still haunting   the world, together with other evil spirits, in hopes that another   member of the house of Luna (thee we invoke, most holy   Paschal Baylon !)--may succumb to her arts and be faithful to her for the ten years needful to her disenchantments--(most holy   Paschal Baylon !--and most of all--on thee we call--for aid   against the . . . )--" But before the priest could finish his invocation, a terrible shout came from the bed where the sick prince was lying : "O Oriana, Oriana !" cried Prince Alberic, sitting up in his bed with a look which terrified the priest as much as his voice.   "O Oriana, Oriana !" he repeated, and then fell back exhausted   and broken. "Bless my soul !" cried the priest, almost upsetting the table ; "why the demon has already issued out of him ! Who would have 326  Prince Alberic and the Snake Lady guessed that St. Paschal Baylon performed his miracles as quick as that !" VIII Prince Alberic was awakened by the loud trill of a nightingale.  The room was bathed in moonlight, in which the tapers, left   burning round the bed to ward off evil spirits, flickered yellow   and ineffectual. Through the open casement came, with the   scent of freshly cut grass, a faint concert of nocturnal sounds : the silvery vibration of the cricket, the reedlike quavering notes   of the leaf frogs, and, every now and then, the soft note of an   owlet, seeming to stroke the silence as the downy wings growing   out of the temples of the Sleep god might stroke the air. The   nightingale had paused ; and Alberic listened breathless for its next burst of song. At last, and when he expected it least, it   came, liquid, loud and triumphant ; so near that it filled the room   and thrilled through his marrow like an unison of Cremona viols.   He was singing in the pomegranate close outside, whose    buds must be opening into flame-coloured petals. For it was   May. Alberic listened ; and collected his thoughts, and under-  stood. He arose and dressed, and his limbs seemed suddenly   strong, and his mind strangely clear, as if his sickness had been   but a dream. Again the nightingale trilled out, and again stopped.   Alberic crept noiselessly out of his chamber, down the stairs and into the open. Opposite, the moon had just risen, immense and   golden, and the pines and the cypresses of the hill, the furthest   battlements of the castle walls, were printed upon her like   delicate lace. It was so light that the roses were pink, and the pomegranate flower scarlet, and the lemons pale yellow, and the grass   bright green, only differently coloured from how they looked by day, By Vernon Lee  327 day, and as if washed over with silver. The orchard spread up- hill, its twigs and separate leaves all glittering as if made of   diamonds, and its tree trunks and spalliers weaving strange black   patterns of shadow. A little breeze shuddered up from the sea,   bringing the scent of the irises grown for their root among the cornfields below. The nightingale was silent. But Prince Alberic did not stand waiting for its song. A spiral dance of   fire-flies, rising and falling like a thin gold fountain, beckoned   him upwards through the dewy grass. The circuit of castle   walls, jagged and battlemented, and with tufts of trees profiled   here and there against the resplendent blue pallor of the moon- light, seemed turned and knotted like huge snakes around the   world. Suddenly, again, the nightingale sang ; a throbbing, silver song.  It was the same bird, Alberic felt sure ; but it was in front of him   now, and was calling him onwards. The fire-flies wove their   golden dance a few steps in front, always a few steps in front, and   drew him up-hill through the orchard. As the ground became steeper, the long trellises, black and crooked, seemed to twist and glide through the blue moonlight   grass like black gliding snakes, and, at the top, its marble pillarets,   clear in the moonlight, slumbered the little Gothic palace of white   marble. From the solitary sentinel pine broke the song of the nightingale. This was the place. A breeze had risen, and from   the shining moonlit sea, broken into causeways and flotillas of   smooth and of fretted silver, came a faint briny smell, mingling   with that of the irises and blossoming lemons, with the scent of   vague ripeness and freshness. The moon hung like a silver lantern over the orchard ; the wood of the trellises patterned the blue   luminous heaven, the vine leaves seemed to swim, transparent, in   the shining air. Over the circular well, in the high grass, the fire-flies 328  Prince Alberic and the Snake Lady fire-flies rose and fell like a thin fountain of gold. And, from the   sentinel pine, the nightingale sang. Prince Alberic leant against the brink of the well, by the trough carved with antique designs of serpent-bearing maenads. He was   wonderfully calm, and his heart sang within him. It was, he   knew, the hour and place of his fate. The nightingale ceased : and the shrill songs of the crickets was suspended. The silvery luminous world was silent. A quiver came through the grass by the well ; a rustle through  the roses. And, on the well's brink, encircling its central black-  ness, glided the Snake. "Oriana !" whispered Alberic. "Oriana !" She paused, and stood almost erect. The Prince put out his hand, and she twisted   round his arm, extending slowly her chilly coil to his wrist and   fingers. "Oriana !" whispered Prince Alberic again. And raising his hand to his face, he leaned down and pressed his lips on the little   flat head of the serpent. And the nightingale sang. But a   coldness seized his heart, the moon seemed suddenly extinguished,   and he slipped away in unconsciousness. When he awoke the moon was still high. The nightingale   was singing its loudest. He lay in the grass by the well, and his   head rested on the knees of the most beautiful of ladies. She was   dressed in cloth of silver which seemed woven of moon mists, and   shimmering moonlit green grass. It was his own dear God-   mother. IX When Duke Balthasar Maria had got through the rehearsals of the ballet called Daphne Transformed, and finally danced his part By Vernon Lee  329 part of Phoebus Apollo to the infinite delight and glory of his subjects, he was greatly concerned, being benignly humoured, on   learning that he had very nearly lost his grandson and heir. The   Dwarf, the Jesuit, and the Jester, whom he delighted in pitting   against one another, had severely accused each other of disrespectful remarks about the dancing of that ballet; so Duke Balthasar   determined to disgrace all three together and inflict upon them   the hated presence of Prince Alberic. It was, after all, very   pleasant to possess a young grandson, whom one could take to   one's bosom and employ in being insolent to one's own favourites.   It was time, said Duke Balthasar, that Alberic should learn the habits of a court and take unto himself a suitable princess. The young prince accordingly was sent for from Sparkling Waters, and installed at Luna in a wing of the Red Palace, over-   looking the Court of Honour, and commanding an excellent view   of the great rockery, with the verde antique apes and the   porphyry rhinoceros. He found awaiting him on the great stair-   case a magnificent staff of servants, a master of the horse, a grand cook, a barber, a hairdresser and assistant, a fencing master, and   four fiddlers. Several lovely ladies of the Court, the principal   ministers of the Crown and the Jesuit, the Dwarf and the Jester,   were also ready to pay their respects. Prince Alberic threw him-  self out of the glass coach before they had time to open the door,   and bowing coldly, ascended the staircase, carrying under his   cloak what appeared to be a small wicker cage. The Jesuit, who   was the soul of politeness, sprang forward and signed to an officer   of the household to relieve his highness of this burden. But Alberic waved the man off; and the rumour went abroad that a   hissing noise had issued from under the prince's cloak, and, like   lightning, the head and forked tongue of a serpent. Half-an-hour later the official spies had informed Duke Balthasar 330  Prince Alberic and the Snake Lady Balthasar that his grandson and heir had brought from Sparkling Waters no apparent luggage save two swords, a fowling piece, a   volume of Virgil, a branch of pomegranate blossom, and a tame   grass snake. Duke Balthasar did not like the idea of the grass snake; but wishing to annoy the Jester, the Dwarf, and the Jesuit, he merely   smiled when they told him of it, and said: "The dear boy!   What a child he is ! He probably, also, has a pet lamb, white   as snow, and gentle as spring, mourning for him in his old   home! How touching is the innocence of childhood! Heigho ! I   was just like that myself not so very long ago." Whereupon the three favourites and the whole Court of Luna smiled and bowed   and sighed: "How lovely is the innocence of youth!" while   the Duke fell to humming the well-known air, "Thrysis was a   shepherd boy," of which the ducal fiddlers instantly struck up the   ritornel. "But," added Balthasar Maria, with that subtle blending of majesty and archness in which he excelled all living princes, "but   it is now time that the prince, my grandson, should learn "--here   he put his hand on his sword and threw back slightly one curl of   his jet black peruke--" the stern exercises of Mars; and, also, let   us hope, the freaks and frolics of Venus." Saying which, the old sinner pinched the cheek of a lady of the very highest quality, whose husband and father were instantly   congratulated by all the court on this honour. Prince Alberic was displayed next day to the people of Luna, standing on the balcony among a tremendous banging of mortars ;   while Duke Balthasar explained that he felt towards this youth   all the fondness and responsibility of an elder brother. There   was a grand ball, a gala opera, a review, a very high mass in the   cathedral; the Dwarf, the Jesuit, and the Jester each separately offered By Vernon Lee  331 offered his services to Alberic in case he wanted a loan of money,   a love letter carried, or in case even (expressed in more delicate   terms) he might wish to poison his grandfather. Duke Balthasar   Maria, on his side,- summoned his ministers, and sent couriers, booted and liveried, to three great dukes of Italy, carrying each of   these in a morocco wallet emblazoned with the arms of Luna, an   account of Prince Alberic's lineage and person, and a request for   particulars of any marriageable princesses and dowries to be   disposed of. X Prince Alberic did not give his grandfather that warm satis- faction which the old duke had expected. Balthasar Maria,  entirely bent upon annoying the three favourites, had said, and had   finally believed, that he intended to introduce his grandson to the   delight and duties of life, and in the company of this beloved stripling to dream that he, too, was a youth once more : a statement which the court took with due deprecatory rever-   ence, as the duke was well known never to have ceased to be   young. But Alberic did not lend himself to so touching an idyll. He behaved, indeed, with the greatest decorum, and manifested the   utmost respect for his grandfather. He was marvellously   assiduous in the council chamber, and still more so in following   the military exercises and learning the trade of a soldier. He   surprised every one by his interest and intelligence in all affairs of state ; he more than surprised the Court by his readiness to seek   knowledge about the administration of the country and the con-   dition of the people. He was a youth of excellent morals,   courage and diligence ; but, there was no denying it, he had The Yellow Book--Vol. X. U positively 332  Prince Alberic and the Snake Lady positively no conception of  sacrificing to the Graces . He sat out,   as if he had been watching a review, the delicious operas and superb ballets which absorbed half the revenue of the duchy. He   listened, without a smile of comprehension, to the witty innuendoes   of the ducal table. But worst of all, he had absolutely no eyes,   let alone a heart, for the fair sex. Now Balthasar Maria had   assembled at Luna a perfect bevy of lovely nymphs, both ladies of   the greatest birth, whose husbands received most honourable posts   military and civil, and young females of humbler extraction,   though not less expressive habits, ranging from singers and   dancers to slave-girls of various colours, all dressed in their ap-   propriate costume: a galaxy of beauty which was duly represented   by the skill of celebrated painters on all the walls of the Red Palace, where you may still see their fading charms, habited as   Diana, or Pallas, or in the spangles of Columbine, or the turban   of Sibyls. These ladies were the object of Duke Balthasar's most   munificently divided attentions ; and in the delight of his new- born family affection, he had promised himself much tender interest   in guiding the taste of his heir among such of these nymphs as had   already received his own exquisite appreciation. Great, therefore,   was the disappointment of the affectionate grandfather when his dream of companionship was dispelled, and it became hopeless to   interest young Alberic in anything at Luna, save despatches and   cannons. The Court, indeed, found the means of consoling Duke Balthasar for this bitterness, by extracting therefrom a brilliant  comparison between the unfading grace, the vivacious, though   majestic, character of the grandfather, and the gloomy and   pedantic personality of the grandson. But, although Balthasar   Maria would only smile at every new proof of Alberic's bearish obtuseness, and ejaculate in French, "Poor child ! he was born old By Vernon Lee  333 old, and I shall die young !" the reigning Prince of Luna grew vaguely to resent the peculiarities of his heir. In this fashion things proceeded in the Red Palace at Luna, until Prince Alberic had attained his twenty- year. He was sent, in the interval, to visit the principal Courts of Italy, and to inspect its chief curiosities, natural and historical, as   befitted the heir to an illustrious state. He received the golden   rose from the Pope in Rome ; he witnessed the festivities of   Ascension Day from the Doge's barge at Venice; he accompanied   the Marquis of Montferrat to the camp under Turin ; he witnessed the launching of a galley against the Barbary corsairs by the   Knights of St. Stephen in the port of Leghorn, and a grand bull-   fight and burning of heretics given by the Spanish Viceroy at   Palermo ; and he was allowed to be present when the celebrated   Dr. Borri turned two brass buckles into pure gold before the Arch-   duke at Milan. On all of which occasions the heir-apparent of Luna bore himself with a dignity and discretion most singular in one   so young. In the course of these journeys he was presented to   several of the most promising heiresses in Italy, some of whom   were of so tender age as to be displayed in jewelled swaddling-clothes on brocade cushions ; and a great many possible marriages were   discussed behind his back. But Prince Alberic declared for his   part that he had decided to lead a single life until the age of   twenty-eight or thirty, and that he would then require the assist- ance of no ambassadors or chancellors, but find for himself the   future Duchess of Luna. All this did not please Balthasar Maria, as indeed nothing else about his grandson did please him much. But, as the old duke   did not really relish the idea of a daughter-in-law at Luna, and as   young Alberic's whimsicalities entailed no expense, and left him entirely free in his business and pleasure, he turned a deaf ear to the 334  Prince Alberic and the Snake Lady the criticisms of his councillors, and letting his grandson inspect   fortifications, drill soldiers, pore over parchments, and mope in his   wing of the palace, with no amusement save his repulsive tame   snake, Balthasar Maria composed and practised various ballets, and began to turn his attention very seriously to the completion of the   rockery grotto and of the sepulchral chapel, which, besides the   Red Palace itself, were the chief monuments of his glorious   reign. It was this growing desire to witness the fulfilment of these magnanimous projects which led the Duke of Luna into un-   expected conflict with his grandson. The wonderful enterprises   above mentioned involved immense expenses, and had periodically   been suspended for lack of funds. The collection of animals in   the rockery was very far from complete. A camelopard of spotted   alabaster, an elephant of Sardinian jasper, and the entire families of a cow and sheep, all of correspondingly rich marbles, were urgently   required to fill up the corners. Moreover, the supply of water   was at present so small that the fountains were dry save for a   couple of hours on the very greatest holidays ; and it was necessary for the perfect naturalness of this ingenious work that an aqueduct   twenty miles long should pour perennial streams from a high   mountain lake into the grotto of the Red Palace. The question of the sepulchral chapel was, if possible, even worse ; for, after every new ballet, Duke Balthasar went through   a fit of contrition, during which he fixed his thoughts on death ;   and the possibilities of untimely release, and of burial in an unfinished mausoleum, filled him with terrors. It is true that Duke Balthasar   had, immediately after building the vast domed chapel, secured   an effigy of his own person before taking thought for the monu-  ments of his already buried ancestors ; and the statue, twelve feet high, representing himself in coronation robes of green bronze brocaded By Vernon Lee  335 brocaded with gold, holding a sceptre and bearing on his head, of  purest silver, a spiky coronet set with diamonds, was one of the   curiosities which travellers admired most in Italy. But this statue   was unsymmetrical, and moreover had a dismal suggestiveness, so   long as surrounded by empty niches ; and the fact that only one half of the pavement was inlaid with discs of sardonyx, jasper and   cornelian, and that the larger part of the walls were rough brick   without a vestige of the mosaic pattern of lapis-lazuli, malachite, pearl, and coral, which had been begun round the one finished   tomb, rendered the chapel as poverty-stricken in one aspect as it   was magnificent in another. The finishing of the chapel was   therefore urgent, and two more bronze statues were actually cast,   those to wit of the duke's father and grandfather, and mosaic workmen called from the Medicean works in Florence. But, all of a sudden the ducal treasury was discovered to be empty, and   the ducal credit to be exploded. State lotteries, taxes on salt, even a sham crusade against the Dey of Algiers, all failed to produce any money. The alliance,   the right to pass troops through the duchy, the letting out of the   ducal army to the highest bidder, had long since ceased to be a   source of revenue either from the Emperor, the King of Spain, or the Most Christian One. The Serene Republics of Venice and Genoa publicly warned their subjects against lending a single   sequin to the Duke of Luna ; the Dukes of Parma and Modena   began to worry about bad debts ; the Pope himself had the   atrocious bad taste to make complaints about suppression of church   dues and interception of Peter's pence. There remained to the   bankrupt Duke Balthasar Maria only one hope in the world--the marriage of his grandson. There happened to exist at that moment a sovereign of incal- culable wealth, with an only daughter of marriageable age. But this 336  Prince Alberic and the Snake Lady this potentate, although the nephew of a recent Pope, by whose confiscations his fortunes were founded, had originally been a   dealer in such goods as are comprehensively known as drysaltery ;   and, rapacious as were the princes of the Empire, each was too   much ashamed of his neighbours to venture upon alliance with a family of so obtrusive an origin. Here was Balthasar Maria's   opportunity ; the drvsalter prince's ducats should complete the   rockery, the aqueduct and the chapel ; the drysalter's daughter   should be wedded to Alberic of Luna, that was to be  of the   name. XI Prince Alberic sternly declined. He expressed his dutiful wish that the grotto and the chapel, like all other enterprises undertaken   by his grandparent, might be brought to an end worthy of him.   He declared that the aversion to drysalters was a prejudice unshared   by himself. He even went so far as to suggest that the eligible princess should marry not the heir-apparent, but the reigning   Duke of Luna. But, as regarded himself, he intended, as stated,   to remain for many years single. Duke Balthasar had never in   his life before seen a man who was determined to oppose him. He   felt terrified and became speechless in the presence of young Alberic. Direct influence having proved useless, the duke and his councillors, among whom the Jesuit, the Dwarf and the Jester had been duly re-instated, looked round for means of indirect   persuasion or coercion. A celebrated Venetian beauty was sent   for to Luna--a lady frequently employed in diplomatic missions,   which she carried through by her unparalleled grace in dancing. But Prince Alberic, having watched her for half an hour, merely remarked By Vernon Lee  337 remarked to his equerry that his own tame grass snake made the same movements as the lady, infinitely better and more modestly.   Whereupon this means was abandoned. The Dwarf then sug-   gested a new method of acting on the young Prince's feelings.   This, which he remembered to have been employed very success-   fully in the case of a certain Duchess of Malfi, who had given her   family much trouble some generations back, consisted in dressing up a certain number of lacqueys as ghosts and devils, hiring some   genuine lunatics from a neighbouring establishment, and introduc-   ing them at dead of night into Prince Alberic's chamber. But   the Prince, who was busy at his orisons, merely threw a heavy   stool and two candlesticks at the apparitions ; and, as he did so, the tame snake suddenly rose up from the floor, growing colossal   in the act, and hissed so terrifically that the whole party fled down   the corridor. The most likely advice was given by the Jesuit. This truly subtle diplomatist averred that it was useless trying to   act upon the Prince by means which did not already affect him ;   instead of clumsily constructing a lever for which there was no   fulcrum in the youth's soul, it was necessary to find out whatever leverage there might already exist. Now, on careful inquiry, there was discovered a fact which the official spies, who always acted by precedent and pursued their   inquiries according to the rules of the human heart as taught by   the Secret Inquisition of the Republic of Venice, had naturally   failed to perceive. This fact consisted in a rumour, very vague   but very persistent, that Prince Alberic did not inhabit his wing of the palace in absolute solitude. Some of the pages attending   on his person affirmed to have heard whispered conversations in   the Prince's study, on entering which they had invariably found   him alone ; others maintained that, during the absence of the Prince from the palace, they had heard the sound of his private harpsicord 338  Prince Alberic and the Snake Lady harpsichord, the one with the story of Orpheus and the view of Soracte on the cover, although he always kept its key on his person.   A footman declared that he had found in the Prince's study, and   among his books and maps, a piece of embroidery certainly not   belonging to the Prince's furniture and apparel, moreover, half finished, and with a needle sticking in the canvas ; which piece of   embroidery the Prince had thrust into his pocket. But, as none   -of the attendants had ever seen any visitor entering or issuing   from the Prince's apartments, and the professional spies had   ransacked all possible hiding-places and modes of exit in vain, these curious indications had been neglected, and the opinion had   been formed that Alberic, being, as every one could judge, some-   what insane, had a gift of ventriloquism, a taste for musical-boxes,   and a proficiency in unmanly handicrafts which he carefully dissimulated. These rumours had at one time caused great delight to Duke Balthasar ; but he had got tired of sitting in a dark cupboard in   his grandson's chamber, and had caught a bad chill looking through   his keyhole ; so he had stopped all further inquiries as officious   fooling on the part of impudent lacqueys. But the Jesuit foolishly adhered to the rumour. "Discover her " he said, "and work through her on Prince Alberic." But   Duke Balthasar, after listening twenty times to this remark with   the most delighted interest, turned round on the twenty- time and gave the Jesuit a look of Jove-like thunder ; "My father," he said, "I am surprised--I may say more than surprised   --at a person of your cloth descending so low as to make asper-   sions upon the virtue of a young Prince reared in my palace and   born of my blood. Never let me hear another word about ladies of light manners being secreted within these walls." Whereupon   the Jesuit retired, and was in disgrace for a fortnight, till Duke Balthasar Vernon Lee  339 Balthasar woke up one morning with a strong apprehension of dying. But no more was said of the mysterious female friend of Prince  Alberic, still less was any attempt made to gain her intervention   in the matter of the drysalter Princess's marriage. XII More desperate measures were soon resorted to. It was given out that Prince Alberic was engrossed in study, and he was forbidden to leave his wing of the Red Palace, with no other   view than the famous grotto with the verde antique apes and the   porphyry rhinoceros. It was published that Prince Alberic was   sick, and he was confined very rigorously to a less agreeable apart- ment in the rear of the palace, where he could catch sight of the   plaster laurels and draperies, and the rolling plaster eyeball of one   of the Twelve Caesars under the cornice. It was judiciously   hinted that the Prince had entered into religious retreat, and he   was locked and bolted into the State prison, alongside of the unfinished sepulchral chapel, whence a lugubrious hammering came as the only sound of life. In each of these places the recal-   citrant vouth was duly argued with by some of his grandfather's   familiars, and even received a visit from the old duke in person.   But threats and blandishments were all in vain, and Alberic per-  sisted in his refusal to marry. It was six months now since he had seen the outer world, and six weeks since he had inhabited the State prispn, every stage in   his confinement, almost every day thereof, having systema-   tically deprived him of some luxury, some comfort, or some mode of   passing his time. His harpsichord and foils had remained in the gala 340  Prince Alberic and the Snake Lady gala wing overlooking the grotto. His maps and books had not followed him beyond the higher story with the view of the   Twelfth Caesar. And now they had taken away from him his   Virgil, his inkstand and paper, and left him only a book of   Hours. Balthasar Maria and his councillors felt intolerably baffled. There remained nothing further to do ; for if Prince Alberic   were publicly beheaded, or privately poisoned, or merely left to die   of want and sadness, it was obvious that Prince Alberic could no   longer conclude the marriage with the drysalter Princess, and that   no money to finish the grotto and the chapel, or to carry on Court expenses, would be forthcoming. It was a burning day of August, a Friday, thirteenth of that month, and after a long prevalence of enervating sirocco, when   the old duke determined to make one last appeal to the obedience   of his grandson. The sun, setting among ominous clouds, sent a   lurid orange beam into Prince Alberic's prison chamber, at the   moment that his ducal grandfather, accompanied by the Jester, the Dwarf and the Jesuit, appeared on its threshold after prodigious   clanking of keys and clattering of bolts. The unhappy youth   rose as they entered, and making a profound bow, motioned his   grandparent to the only chair in the place. Balthasar Maria had never visited him before in this, his worst place of confinement ; and the bareness of the room, the dust and   cobwebs, the excessive hardness of the chair, affected his sensitive   heart, and, joined with irritation at his grandson's obstinacy and   utter depression about the marriage, the grotto and the chapel, actually caused this magnanimous sovereign to burst into tears   and bitter lamentations. "It would indeed melt the heart of a stone," remarked the Jester sternly, while his two companions attempted to soothe the weeping By Vernon Lee  241 weeping duke--"to see one of the greatest, wisest, and most valorous princes in Europe reduced to tears by the undutifulness   of his child." "Princes, nay, kings' and emperors' sons," exclaimed the Dwarf, who was administering Melissa water to the duke, "have perished   miserably for much less." "Some of the most remarkable personages of sacred history are stated to have incurred eternal perdition for far slighter offences,"   added the Jesuit. Alberic had sat down on the bed. The tawny sunshine fell upon his figure. He had grown very thin, and his garments were   inexpressibly threadbare. But he was spotlessly neat, his lace   band was perfectly folded, his beautiful blond hair flowed in   exquisite curls about his pale face, and his whole aspect was   serene and even cheerful. He might be twenty-two years old,   and was of consummate beauty and stature. "My lord," he answered slowly, "I entreat your Serene High- ness to believe that no one could regret more deeply than I do   such a spectacle as is offered by the tears of a Duke of Luna.   At the same time, I can only reiterate that I accept no responsi-   bility . . ." A distant growling of thunder caused the old duke to start, and interrupted Alberic's speech. "Your obstinacy, my lord," exclaimed the Dwarf, who was an excessively choleric person, "betrays the existence of a hidden   conspiracy most dangerous to the state." "It is an indication," added the Jester, "of a highly deranged mind." "It seems to me," whispered the Jesuit, "to savour most undoubtedly of devilry." Alberic shrugged his shoulders. He had risen from the bed to close 242  Prince Alberic and the Snake Lady close the grated window, into which a shower of hail was suddenly blowing with unparalleled violence, when the old duke jumped   on his seat, and, with eyeballs starting with terror, exclaimed, as   he tottered convulsively, "The serpent ! the serpent !" For there, in a corner, the tame grass snake was placidly coiled up, sleeping. " The snake ! the devil ! Prince Alberic's pet companion !" exclaimed the three favourites, and rushed towards that corner. Alberic threw himself forward. But he was too late. The Jester, with a blow of his harlequin's lath, had crushed the head   of the startled creature ; and, even while he was struggling with   him and the Jesuit, the Dwarf had given it two cuts with his   Turkish scimitar. "The snake ! the snake!" shrieked Duke Balthasar, heedless of the desperate struggle. The warders and equerries, waiting outside, thought that Prince  Alberic must be murdering his grandfather, and burst into prison   and separated the combatants. "Chain the rebel ! the wizard ! the madman !" cried the three favourites. Alberic had thrown himself on the dead snake, which lay crushed and bleeding on the floor, and he moaned piteously. But the Prince was unarmed and overpowered in a moment. Three times he broke loose, but three times he was recaptured,   and finally bound and gagged, and dragged away. The old duke   recovered from his fright, and was helped up from the bed on to   which he had sunk. As he prepared to leave, he approached   the dead snake, and looked at it for some time. He kicked its   mangled head with his ribboned shoe, and turned away laughing. "Who knows," he said, "whether you were not the Snake   Lady ? That foolish boy made a great fuss, I remember, when he By Vernon Lee  343 he was scarcely out of long clothes, about a tattered old tapestry   representing that repulsive story."   And he departed to supper. XIII Prince Alberic of Luna, who should have been  of his name, died a fortnight later, it was stated, insane. But those who   approached him maintained that he had been in perfect possession   of his faculties ; and that if he refused all nourishment during his   second imprisonment, it was from set purpose. He was removed at night from his apartments facing the grotto with the verde   antique monkeys and the porphyry rhinoceros, and hastily buried   under a slab, which remained without any name or date, in the   famous mosaic sepulchral chapel. Duke Balthasar Maria survived him only a few months. The old duke had plunged into excesses of debauchery with a view,   apparently, to dismissing certain terrible thoughts and images   which seemed to haunt him day and night, and against which no   religious practices or medical prescription were of any avail. The   origin of these painful delusions was probably connected with a very strange rumour, which grew to a tradition at Luna, to the   effect that when the prison room, occupied by Prince Alberic,   was cleaned, after that terrible storm of the I3th August of the   year 1700, the persons employed found in a corner, not the dead   grass-snake, which they had been ordered to cast into the palace drains, but the body of a woman, naked, and miserably disfigured   with blows and sabre cuts. Be this as it may, history records as certain, that the house of Luna became extinct in 1701, the duchy lapsing to the Empire.   Moreover, that the mosaic chapel remained for ever unfinished, with no 344  Prince Alberic and the Snake Lady no statue save the green bronze and gold one of Balthasar Maria above the nameless slab covering Prince Alberic ; and that the   rockery also was never completed ; only a few marble animals adorn-  ing it besides the porphyry rhinoceros and the verde antique apes,   and the water supply being sufficient only for the greatest holidays. These things the traveller can confirm ; also, that certain chairs   and curtains in the porter's lodge of the now long deserted Red   Palace are made of the various pieces of an extremely damaged   arras, having represented the story of Alberic the Blond and the Snake Lady. The Yellow Book Advertisements  1 THE JUNE NUMBER COMMENCES A NEW VOLUME. THE STUDIO   An Illustrated Magazine  Of Fine Applied Arts PRICE   1/-  MONTHLY. POST FREE  16/-   ANNUALLY. 5 Henrietta Street  Covent Garden   LONDON  Monthly SOME PRESS OPINIONS OF THE MAY NUMBER. "The May number of THE STUDIO is   particularly strong in illustration of the work   of promising artists. The magazine more   than keeps up the reputation for artistic   worth which it has so soundly established." The Globe. "The magazine is beautifully printed and   profusely illustrated.... We cannot fail to   appreciate the high technical skill so suc-   cessfully devoted to its production." Birmingham Gazette. "This beautifully printed and illustrated   monthly is deserving of the immense popu-   larity it is fast achieving." Nuneaton Observer. "THE STUDIO is one of the finest publi-  cations of the kind and should be in the   hands of all lovers of art." Belfast News Letter. "It is really true that we have no maga-   zine in America which equals this in its   illustrations. We feel like recommending   this magazine most highly to all who love   artistic book-making, who enjoy really de- licious illustrating, or who are interested in   art subjects."  Hartford Post, Conn.,  U.S.A. "Those who want a fine art review   cannot do better than subscribe to THE STUDIO, which is uniformly excellent." Freeman's Journal. "THE STUDIO for May is so full of good   things that one hardly knows how to begin   the enumeration of them and is equally in a   difficulty as to where to stop." Grantham Journal. "Particulierement interessant est le der   nier numero de cette tres vivante revue." La Chronique des Arts. "All students of art must welcome THE   STUDIO. The variety, interest, and useful   ness of its articles, combined with the beauty   of its illustrations renders it a bright addi-  tion to one's artistic literature." Northern Chronicle. "It is full of admirable illustrations, it is   well printed, and altogether it well serves   the object of its existence. And that exist   ence, it is obvious, is to be happily an   extended and healthy one." Essex Telegraph. 5 HENRIETTA STREET, COVENT GARDEN, LONDON. 2   The Yellow Book Advertisements The Yellow Book Advertisements F. V. WHITE &amp; CO'S Recent Publications. AT ALL LIBRARIES AND BOOKSELLERS. THE TRUTH-TELLERS. By JOHN STRANGE WINTER, Author of "Bootle's   Baby," "The Soul of the Bishop," &amp;c. I vol., cloth gilt, bevelled boards, 6s. (Second Edition.) VIGNETTES. By "RITA," Author of "Sheba," &amp;c. Cloth gilt, 6s. THE CASE OF AILSA GRAY. By GEORGE MANVILLE FENN, Author of "Double   Cunning, &amp;c. I vol., cloth gilt, 6s. A FIGHT WITH FATE. By Mrs. ALEXANDER, Author of "The Wooing o't," &amp;c.   I vol., cloth gilt, bevelled boards, 6s. OUR WIDOW. By FLORENCE WARDEN, Author of "Kitty's Engagement," "A   Spoilt Girl," &amp;c. i vol., cloth gilt, 6s. JOAN &amp; MRS. CARR. By "RITA," Author of "Sheba," "Peg the Rake," &amp;c. I vol., cloth gilt, 6s. ( Edition.) IN DAYS OF STRIFE. By E. YOLLAND. In I vol., cloth gilt, 6s. TOLD IN THE TWILIGHT. By ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of "Jacobi's Wife,"   "The Story of a Penitent Soul," &amp;c. I vol., cloth gilt, 6s. A LADY IN BLACK. By FLORENCE WARDEN, Author of "The House on the   Marsh," &amp;c. I vol., cloth gilt, 6s. (Second Edition.) A RIVERSIDE ROMANCE. By Mrs. EDWARD KENNARD, Author of "The Hunting   Girl," "Wedded to Sport," &amp;c. I vol., cloth gilt, 6s. ( Edition.) A WOMAN OF THE COMMUNE. By G. A. HENTY, Author of "The Curse of   Game's Hold," "In the Days of the Mutiny," &amp;c. I vol., cloth gilt, bevelled boards, 6s.   (Second Edition.) THROUGH THE BUFFER STATE : A Record of Recent Travels through Borneo,   Siam, and Cambodia. By Surgeon-Major MCGREGOR, M.D., Author of "Toil and Travel," &amp;c.   With ten whole-page Illustrations and a Map. Cloth gilt, 6s. A SOUL ASTRAY. By Mrs. LOVETT CAMERON, Author of "In a Grass Country," "Jack s Secret," "Weak Woman," &amp;c. i vol., cloth, bevelled boards, 6s. (Second Edition ) THE SPIRIT WORLD. By the Author of "There is No Death," &amp;c. I vol. Cloth, 6s.; also cloth, as. 6d. (Second Edition.) A MAGNIFICENT YOUNG MAN. By JOHN STRANGE WINTER, Author of   "Bootle's Baby," " The Soul of the Bishop," "Army Society," &amp;c. I vol., cloth gilt, bevelled boards, 6s. ( Edition.) AN IMPORTANT WORK. MARLBOROUGH HOUSE AND ITS OCCUPANTS, PRESENT AND PAST,   Containing a large amount of most interesting detail never before published. By ARTHUR H. BEVAN. Illustrated with Sketches by HOLLAND TRINGHAM, and Photographic Views taken by   the special permission of H.R.H. the Prince of Wales, K.G. Cloth gilt. 6s. F. V. WHITE &amp; CO., 14 BEDFORD STREET, STRAND, W.C. The Yellow Book Advertisements  3 SAMPSON LOW, MARSTONJ. CO.'S NEW BOOKS. NOW READY. NEW WORK ON NORWAY. THE NORTHMAN'S LAND. Travel, Sport, and Folk-Lore in the Hard-   anger Fjord and Fjeld. By Major A. F. MOCKLEK-FERRVMAN, F.R.G.S., F.Z.S., Oxfordshire Light Infantry, Author of " Up the Niger," &amp;c. With Map, Illustrations, and Appendix. With   16 Full-Page Illustrations. Crown 8vo, 320 pp., 7s. 6d. "It's delightful and abundant collection of folk stories makes it a book for general readers as well as   tor tourists."  Daily News. NEW EDITION (BEING THE ) NOW READY OF THE BEST TOUR IN NORWAY. By E. J. GOODMAN, Author of "New   Ground in Norway," "Notes to Mr. Paul Lange s Photogravures of Western Norway." &amp;c. With   34 .bull-page Illustrations and Route Map. Crown Svo, cloth, 7s. 6d. THE LAND OF GOLD : being the Narrative of a Visit to the Western Australian Gold Fields in the Autumn of 1895. By JULIUS M. PRICE, Special Artist Correspondent of the   Illustrated London News, and Author of "From the Arctic Ocean to the Yellow Sea." With   Map and numerous Illustrations reproduced from the Author s sketches. Crown Svo, cloth extra,   7s. 6d. net.   "A vivid picture of rough life in the bush, and a rapid development of a new Eldorado." Times. OLIVER WENDELL HOLMES'S LIFE AND LETTERS. By JOHN T. MORSE,   Jun. In 2 vols., crown Svo, beautifully Illustrated, 15s. ANNALS OF CRICKET: a Record of the Game, compiled from Authentic Sources and My own Experiences during the last Twenty-three years. By W. W. READ, for many years   Member of the Surrey County Club. With an Introduction byj. SHUTER, late Captain Surrey   County Eleven. With nearly 30 Illustrations, including a Portrait of the Author. Post Svo,   picture boards, 3s. 6d. Also EDITION DE LUXE, printed on hand-made paper, each Numbered and Signed by the Author.   Demy Svo, 10s. 6d. net. GUNS AND CAVALRY : their Performances in the Past and their Prospects for the Future. By Major E. S. MAY, R.A., Author of "Achievements of Field Artillery." With Plans   and Illustrations. Uniform in stylt with the volumes of "The Pall Mall Magazine Library."   Crown Svo, 3s. 6d. A FEDERAL SOUTH AFRICA: A Comparison of the Critical Period of American History with the Present Position of the Colonies and States of South Africa, and a Consideration   of the Advantages of a Federal Union. By PERCY A. MOLTENO, LL.B., of the Inner Temple   Barrister-at-Law. Crown Svo, with 3 Maps, cioth, 7s. 6d. By Dr. YORKE DAVIES. HEALTH AND CONDITION IN THE ACTIVE AND THE SEDENTARY.   With Chapters on DIET as the only Permanent Cure of Obesity, Gout, Weak Heart, Headache, Indigestion, Biliousness, Acidity, and other Conditions due to Improper Food and Insufficient   Exercise.  Edition (Sixth Thousand). Revised and Enlarged. Svo, 3s. 6d. NEW NOVELS. BRESIES.   By WILLIAM BLACK.  Edition now ready at all Libraries and the Booksellers.   Crown Svo, cloth, 6s. NEW VOLUME BY THE AUTHOR OF "LORNA DOONE." TALES FROM THE TELLING HOUSE. By R. D. BLACKMORE, Author of   "Lorna Doone," &amp;c. Crown 8vo, cloth, gilt top, 5s. LILIAN BELL'S New Novel,  THE UNDER SIDE OF THINGS, can be obtained at all Libraries, I vol., crown 8vo, 6s. ALFRED CLARK'S New Story,  THE FINDING OF LOT'S WIFE, is now ready at all Libraries, I vol. crown 8vo, cloth, 6s. LONDON: SAMPSON LOW, MARSTON &amp; COMPANY, LTD., ST. DUNSTAN'S HOUSE, FETTER LANE, FLEET STREET, E.G. The Yellow Book Vol. X. x 4   The Yellow Book Advertisements THE ART JOURNAL Monthly, Is. 6d. (A Proof of this Etching is exhibited in the Royal Academy. Catalogue No. 1466.) The Proprietors of  THE ART JOURNAL  have arranged TO GIVE A LARGE PRESENTATION ETCHING (About double the size of a page of "THE GRAPHIC") By C. O. MURRAY, of "THE CONVALESCENT," AFTER L. ALMA TADEIVIA, R.A., To all Subscribers or Purchasers of THE ART JOURNAL for 1896, on receipt of the Twelve Monthly   Vouchers, and payment of a small charge of as. to cover cost of packing and postage.   Price 2s. 6d.; or cloth gilt, gilt edges, 5s. THE LIFE AND WORK OF G. F. WATTS, R.A. By JULIA CARTWRIGHT (Mrs. ADY). With Two Full-Page Photogravures of "LOVE AND LIFE," "FATA MORGANA,"   Two Full-page Plates printed in Tint-" HOPE," "ARIADNE," and about Sixty other Illustrations, including "Love and Death," "Charity," "Ganymede," "Aspirations," "Orpheus and Eurydice," "The Messenger," "Mid-day Rest," "People who sat in Darkness," "The Rain it Raineth   every Day," "Death Crowning Innocence," "Conscience," " Eve," "Jonah," "For he had   great possessions," "The Happy Warrior," "Afloat," "Good Luck to your Fishing," &amp;c. "We can bear testimony to the accuracy and beauty of the reproductions." Glasgow Herald.   "Mrs. Ady has done her work well. She writes with evident insight into Mr. Watt's aims, and the   greatest sympathy with his art. From the perusal of the biography, none will rise without a feeling of   pride that English Art still possesses such an exponent as Mr. Watts." The Scotsman. Now Ready, Price Is., or cloth gilt, Price 2s. (Under the licence of the proprietor of the "Pall Mall Gazette.") This handbook only contains reproductions of pictures exhibited and hung at the Royal   Academy, New Gallery, &amp;c. PICTURES OF 1896. With about 250 Illustrations of the leading Pictures in the Ro/al Academy, New Gallery, &amp;c. "Will doubtless be valued as a souvenir by many who have surveyed the Galleries." Morning Post. "No previous issue has been so well printed."  Liverpool Courier. LONDON: J. S. VIRTUE &amp; CO., LTD., 26 Ivy Lane, Paternoster Row, E.C, The Yellow Book Advertisements  5 CHAPMAN &amp; HALL'S NEW BOOKS. LORD EDWARD FITZGERALD: AN HISTORICAL ROMANCE.   By M. McD. BODKIN, Q.C. With 24 full-page Illustrations by LEONARD LINSDELL.   Crown 8vo, 6s. History supplies the most romantic part of this historical romance. The main incidents of   Lord Edward Fitzgerald s marvellous career, as herein set down, his stirring adventures in   the American War of Independence, even his adoption into the Indian tribe of the "Great   Bear," are absolutely true. For the rest, though some liberties have been taken with dates,   the pictures of Ireland's condition under the " Penal Laws" are painted from life. THE SALTONSTALL GAZETTE. Conducted by PETER SALTONSTALL,   Esq., and written by various writers. By ELLA FULLER MAITLAND, Author of "Pages   from the Day-Book of Bethia Hardacre." Crown 8vo, 7s. 6d.   The previous work of this charming writer ("Pages from the Day-Book of Bethia Hard-   acre") in the course of a few months ran through four large editions. It was a book full of a delicate literary aroma, witty, humorous, and genial. The present book is written on something   of the same lines, and has a very pleasant personal element, and even a wider scope of genial   observation and reflection. PAGES FROM THE DAY-BOOK OF BETHIA HARDACRE. By   ELLA FULLER MAITLAND.   Edition.  Crown 8vo, 5s.   The Times says: "Bertha Hardacre is strikingly original.... It mirrors the mind of   the cultured woman with a pure and sensitive poetical taste."   The Globe says : "A work of individuality and charm, and on no account to be missed by   the judicious student of contemporary literature." NAPOLEON. By T. P. O CONNOR, M.P. Large crown Svo, 7s. 6d.   Mr. O'Connor has employed his well-known method of analysis and personal appreciation   in dealing with the character of Napoleon Bonaparte. He takes the Conqueror, Statesman,   and Emperor chiefly in his social and domestic aspects, and regards him from the several points   of view of friends, critics, and enemies, weighing all the evidence, and balancing each separate   judgment with critical tolerance. The result is such a living and harmonious portrait of the   great Corsican as has never been presented before in the pages of a single book. WHEN WILLIAM IV. WAS KING. By JOHN ASHTON. With   numerous Illustrations. Demy Svo, 12s.   Mr. Ashton has, in previous works, done a great deal to illustrate the social life of bygone   periods of history, and his "Hyde Park from Domesday Book to Date," and his "Social   England under the Regency," are all household and popular books. The present volume is enriched with numerous illustrations dealing with the manners, fashions, customs, and   characters of the reign of William IV. LYRICAL VERSE FROM ELIZABETH TO VICTORIA. Edited by   OSWALD CRAWFURD. With Copious Notes, Index of Writers, and Index of    Lines. In one volume, about 450 pages. Cloth, 33. 6d. net. THE MAIDEN'S PROGRESS;   Or, THE ADVENTURES OF A GIRL.   By VIOLET HUNT, Author of "A Hard Woman."   A  Edition, Rewritten throughout, and Amended by the Author.   Small crown Svo, 2s. 6d. cloth; 2s. paper. CHAPMAN AND HALL, LIMITED, LONDON. 6   The Yellow Book Advertisements The Yellow Book AN ILLUSTRATED QUARTERLY Small 4to, 5s. net each volume. VOLUME ONE, of which FOUR EDITIONS were issued, is now   out of print. VOLUME TWO.  EDITION. (A few copies remain.)   "The second volume is better than the ."  Daily Chronicle. "A decided improvement on the ."  Daily Telegraph. VOLUME THREE.  EDITION.   "A considerable improvement on its predecessors."  Speaker. VOLUME FOUR. SECOND EDITION.   "On the whole, the new Yellow Book has more that is attractive   and less that is repellent than any of its predecessors."  Globe. VOLUME FIVE. SECOND EDITION.   "This Yellow Book has left its predecessors far behind in general   interest."  Daily Chronicle. VOLUME SIX. SECOND EDITION.   "None of the other five volumes have reached the mark of excellence   attained by the sixth. From all points of view the Yellow Book seems   to improve quarterly."  Vanity Fair. VOLUME SEVEN. SECOND EDITION.   "The new Yellow Book need not fear the rivalry of any of its pre-  decessors."  Daily Chronicle. VOLUME EIGHT. SECOND EDITION.   "The eighth number is far the best that has yet appeared." St. James's Gazette. VOLUME NINE. SECOND EDITION.   "This number of the Yellow Book is likely to be one of the most   popular."  Globe. N.B. To enable him to supply sets, the publisher will be glad to purchase   copies of the frst volume. JOHN LANE, The Bodley Head, VIGO STREET, W. The Yellow Book Vol. X Y 1896. List of Books IN BELLES LETTERS (Including some Transfers) Published by John Lane Vigo Street, London, W. N.B. - The Authors and Publisher reserve the right of reprinting   any book in this list if a new edition is called for, except in cases   where a stipulation has been made to the contrary, and of printing a   separate edition of any of the books for America irrespective of the   numbers to which the English editions are limited. The numbers   mentioned do not include copies sent to the public libraries, nor those   sent for review. Most of the books are published simultaneously in England and   America, and in many instances the names of the American   publishers are appended. ADAMS (FRANCIS).   ESSAYS IN MODERNITY. Cr. 8vo. 5s. net.  [Shortly. A CHILD OF THE AGE. ( See  KEYNOTES SERIES.) A. E.   HOMEWARD SONGS BY THE WAY. Sq. 16mo. Wrappers.   18. 6d. net. [Second Edition.   Transferred to the present Publisher. ALLEN (GRANT).   THE LOWER SLOPES : A Volume of Verse. With title-page and cover design by J. ILLINGWORTH KAY. Cr Ao.   5s. net.   THE WOMAN WHO DID. ( See  KEYNOTES SERIES.)   THE BRITISH BARBARIANS. ( See  KEYNOTES SERIES.) THE PUBLICATIONS OF JOHN LANE  3 ARCADY LIBRARY (THE).   A Series of Open-Air Books. Edited by J. S. FLETCHER. With cover designs by PATTEN WILSON. Crown 8vo. 5s.   net.   Vol. I. ROUND ABOUT A BRIGHTON COACH OFFICE. By   MAUDE EGERTON KING. With over 30 Illustra-  tions by LUCY KEMP-WELCH.   Vol. II. LIFE IN ARCADIA. By J. S. FLETCHER. Illustrated   by PATTEN WILSON.   Vol. III. SCHOLAR-GIPSIES. By JOHN BUCHAN. With 7 full-   page Etchings by D. Y. CAMERON. The following is in preparation: Vol. IV. IN THE GARDEN OF PEACE. By HELEN MILMAN.   With Illustrations by EDMUND H. NEW. BEECHING (Rev. H. C.).   IN A GARDEN : Poems. With title-page and cover design by   ROGER FRY. Cr. 8vo. 5s. net.   ST. AUGUSTINE AT OSTIA : Oxford Sacred Poem. Crown   8vo. Wrappers, Is. net. BEERBOHM (MAX).   THE WORKS OF MAX BEERBOHM. With a Bibliography by JOHN LANE. Sq. 16mo. 4s. 6d. net. BENSON (ARTHUR CHRISTOPHER).   LYRICS. Fcap. 8vo, buckram. 5s. net. BODLEY HEAD ANTHOLOGIES.   Edited by ROBERT H. CASE. With title-page and cover   designs by WALTER WEST. Each volume, crown 8vo.   5s. net. Vol. I. ENGLISH EPITHALAMIES. By ROBERT H. CASE.   Vol. II. MUSA PISCATRIX. By JOHN BUCHAN. With 6   Etchings by E. PHILIP PlMLOTT.   Vol. III. ENGLISH ELEGIES. By JOHN C. BAILEY.   Vol. IV. ENGLISH SATIRES. By CHARLES HILL DICK. BRIDGES (ROBERT).   SUPPRESSED CHAPTERS, AND OTHER BOOKISHNESS. Cr. 8vo. 3s. 6d. net.  [Second Edition. 4  THE PUBLICATIONS OF JOHN LANE BROTHERTON (MARY).   ROSEMARY FOR REMEMBRANCE. With title-page and cover design by WALTER WEST. Fcap. 8vo. 3s. 6d. net. CRACKANTHORPE (HUBERT).   VIGNETTES : a Miniature Journal of Whim and Sentiment.   Fcap. 8vo. Boards. 2s. net. CRANE (WALTER).   TOY BOOKS. Re-issue. Each with new cover-design and end papers, 9d. net.   I. THIS LITTLE PIG.   II. THE FAIRY SHIP. III. KING LUCKIEBOY'S PARTY.   The three bound in one volume with a decorative cloth cover,   end papers, and a newly-written and designed title-page   and preface, 3s. 6d. net. DALMON (C. W.).   SONG FAVOURS. With a title-page designed by J. P. DONNE. Sq. 16mo. 3s. 6d. net. DAVIDSON (JOHN).   PLAYS: An Unhistorical Pastoral; A Romantic Farce; Bruce, a Chronicle Play; Smith, a Tragic Farce; Scara-   mouch in Naxos, a Pantomime. With a frontispiece and   cover design by AUBREY BEARDSLEY. Sm. 410. 7s. 6d.   net.   FLEET STREET ECLOGUES. Fcap. 8vo, buckram, 4s. 6d. net. [ Edition. FLEET STREET ECLOGUES. Second Series. Fcap. 8vo, buck   ram. 4s. 6d. net.  [Second Edition.    A RANDOM ITINERARY AND A BALLAD. With a frontispiece   and title-page by LAURENCE HOUSMAN. Fcap. 8vo, Irish Linen. 5s. net.   BALLADS AND SONGS. With title-page designed by WALTER   WEST. Fcap. 8vo, buckram. 5s. net.  [ Edition. DE TABLEY (LORD).   POEMS, DRAMATIC AND LYRICAL. By JOHN LEICESTER WARREN (Lord De Tabley). Illustrations and cover design   by C. S. RICKETTS. Cr. 8vo. 7s. 6d. net.  [ Edition. POEMS, DRAMATIC AND LYRICAL, and series, uniform in   binding with the former volume. Cr. 8vo. 5s. net. EGERTON (GEORGE).   KEYNOTES. ( See  KEYNOTES SERIES.)   DISCORDS. ( See  KEYNOTES SERIES.) YOUNG OFEG'S DITTIES. A translation from the Swedish of   OLA HANSSON, with title-page and cover-design by   AUBREY BEARDSLEY. Cr, 8vo. 3s. 6d. net. THE PUBLICATIONS OF JOHN LANE  5 EGLINTON (JOHN).   Two ESSAYS ON THE REMNANT. Post 8vo. Wrappers.   Is. 6d. net. Transferred to the present Publisher. EVE'S LIBRARY.   Each volume, crown 8vo, buckram, 3s. 6d. net.   Vol. I. MODERN WOMEN : an English rendering of Laura   Marholm Hansson's "Das Euch der Frauen," by Hermione   Ramsden. Subjects: Sonia Kovalevsky; George Egerton;   Eleonora Duse; Amalie Skram ; Marie Bashkirtseff; A,   Ch. Edgren Leffler.   Vol. II. THE ASCENT OF WOMAN. By ROY DEVEREUX.   Vol. III. MARRIAGE QUESTIONS IN MODERN FICTION. By   ELIZABETH RACHEL CHAPMAN. FIELD (EUGENE).   THE LOVE AFFAIRS OF A BIBLIOMANIAC. Post 8vo. 3s. 6d. net. FLETCHER (J. S.).   THE WONDERFUL WAPENTAKE. By "A SON OF THE SOIL." With 18 full-page illustrations by J. A. SYMINGTON.   Cr. 8vo. 5s. 6d. net. FOUR AND SIXPENNY NOVELS.   Each volume with title-page and cover design by PATTEN   WILSON. Cr. 8vo. 4s. 6d. net.   GALLOPING DICK. By H. B. MARRIOTT WATSON.   THE WOOD OF THE BRAMBLES. By FRANK MATHEW.   THE SACRIFICE OF FOOLS. By R. MANIFOLD CRAIG.   A LAWYER S WIFE. By SIR NEVILL GEARY, Bart. The following are in preparation: WEIGHED IN THE BALANCE. By HARRY LANDER.   GLAMOUR. By META ORRED. PATIENCE SPARHAWK AND HER TIMES. By GERTRUDE   ATHERTON.   THE CAREER OF DELIA HASTINGS. By H. B. MARRIOTT   WATSON. FULLER (H. B.).   THE PUPPET BOOTH. Twelve Plays. Crown 8vo, 4s. 6d. net. GALE (NORMAN).   ORCHARD SONGS. With title-page and cover design by J. ILLINGWORTH KAY. Fcap. 8vo. Irish Linen. 5s. net.   Also a special edition limited in number on hand-made   paper bound in English vellum, Lx Xs. net. 6  THE PUBLICATIONS OF JOHN LANE GARNETT (RICHARD).   POEMS. With title-page by J. ILLINGWORTH KAY. Cr. 8vo. 5s. net.   DANTE, PETRARCH, CAMOENS. CXXIV Sonnets rendered   in English. Cr. 8vo. 5s. net. GIBSON (CHARLES DANA).   PICTURES : Nearly One Hundred Large Cartoons. Oblong Folio. 15s. net. GOSSE (EDMUND).   THE LETTERS OF THOMAS LOVELL BEDDOES. Now edited. Pott 8vo. 5s. net.   Also 25 copies large paper. I2s. 6d. net. GRAHAME (KENNETH).   PAGAN PAPERS : A VOLUME OF ESSAYS. With title-page by AUBREY BEARDSLEY. Fcap. 8vo. 55. net. [Out of print at present. THE GOLDEN AGE. With cover design by CHARLES ROBIN   SON. Cr. 8vo. 35. 6d. net.  [ Edition. GREENE (G. A.).   ITALIAN LYRISTS OF To-DAY. Translations in the original metres from about 35 living Italian poets with bibliographi-  cal and biographical notes. Cr. 8vo. 55. net. GREENWOOD (FREDERICK).   IMAGINATION IN DREAMS. Crown 8vo. 5s. net. HAKE (T. GORDON).   A SELECTION FROM HIS POEMS. Edited by Mrs. MEYNELL. With a portrait after D. G. ROSSETTI, and a cover design   by GLEESON WHITE. Cr. 8vo. 5s. net. HAYES (ALFRED).   THE VALE OF ARDEN, AND OTHER POEMS. With a title- page and cover design by E. H. NEW. Fcap. 8vo. 3s. 6d.   net.   Also 25 copies large paper. 15s. net. THE PUBLICATIONS OF JOHN LANE  7 HAZLITT (WILLIAM).   LIBER AMORIS; OR, THE NEW PYGMALION. Edited, with an Introduction, by RICHARD LE GALLIENNE. To which is   added an exact transcript of the original MS. , Mrs. Hazlitt's   diary in Scotland, and letters never before published.   Portrait after BEWICK, and facsimile letters. 400 copies   only. 410, 364 pp., buckram. 21s. net. HEINMANN (WILLIAM}.   THE  STEP : A Dramatic Moment. Sm. 410, y. 6d. net. HOPPER (NORA).   BALLADS IN PROSE. With a title-page and cover by WALTER WEST. Sq. 16mo. 5s. net.   UNDER QUICKEN BOUGHS. With title-page designed by   PATTEN WILSON. Crown 8vo. 5s. net. HOUSMAN (CLEMENCE).   THE WERE WOLF. With 6 full-page illustrations, title-page,   and cover-design by LAURENCE HOUSMAN. Sq. 16mo.   3s. 6d. net. HOUSMAN (LAURENCE).   GREEN ARRAS : Poems. With 6 illustrations, title-page, and   cover-design by the Author. Cr. 8vo. 5s. net. [In preparation. IRVING (LAURENCE).   GODEFROI AND YOLANDE : A Play. Sm. 410. 3s. 6d. net. [In preparation. JAMES (W. P.).   ROMANTIC PROFESSIONS: A volume of Essays With title- page designed by J. ILLINGWORTH KAY. Ci. 8vo. 5s. net. JOHNSON (LIONEL).   THE ART OF THOMAS HARDY. Six Essays, with etched portrait by WM. STRANG, and Bibliography by JOHN   LANE. Cr. 8vo. Buckram. 5s. 6d. net.  [Second Edition. Also 150 copies, large paper, with proofs of the portrait.   L1s. 1s. net. 8  THE PUBLICATIONS OF JOHN LANE JOHNSON (PAULINE}.   THE WHITE WAMPUM : Poems. With title-page and cover designs by E. H. NEW. Cr. 8vo. 5s. net. JOHN STONE (C. E.).   BALLADS OF BOY AND BEAK, with title-page designed by F. H. TOWNSEND. Sq. 32010. 2s. net. KEYNOTES SERIES.   Each volume with specially designed title-page by AUBREY BEARDSLEY. Cr. 8vo, cloth. 35. 6d. net.   Vol. I. KEYNOTES. By GEORGE EGERTON. [Eighth Edition. Vol. II. THE DANCING FAUN. By FLORENCE FARR.   Vol. III. POOR FOLK. Translated from the Russian of F.   DOSTOIEVSKY by LENA MILMAN, with a preface   by GEORGE MOORE.   Vol. IV. A CHILD OF THE AGE. By FRANCIS ADAMS.   Vol. V. THE GREAT GOD PAN AND THE INMOST LIGHT.   By ARTHUR MACHEN. [Second Edition. Vol. VI. DISCORDS. By GEORGE EGERTON. [Fifth Edition. Vol. VII. PRINCE ZALESKI. By M. P. SHIEL.   Vol. VIII. THE WOMAN WHO DID. By GRANT ALLEN. [Twenty-sccond Edition. Vol. IX. WOMEN'S TRAGEDIES. By H. D. LOWKY.   Vol. X. GREY ROSES. By HENRY HARLAND.   Vol. XI. AT THE  CORNER, AND OTHER STORIES.   By H. B. MARRIOTT WATSON.   Vol. XII. MONOCHROMES. By ELLA D'ARCY.   Vol. XIII. AT THE RELTON ARMS. By EVELYN SHARP.   Vol. XIV. THE GIRL FROM THE FARM. By GERTRUDE   DlX. [Second Edition.   Vol. XV. THE MIRROR OF Music. By STANLEY V.   MAKOWER.   Vol. XVI. YELLOW AND WHITE. By W. CARLTON DAWE.   Vol. XVII. THE MOUNTAIN LOVERS. By FIONA MACLEOD. THE PUBLICATIONS OF JOHN LANE  9 KEYNOTES SERIES.   Vol. XVIII. THE WOMAN WHO DIDN T. By VICTORIA CROSSE.  [ Edition. Vol. XIX. THE THREE IMPOSTORS. By ARTHUR MACHEN.   Vol. XX. NOBODY'S FAULT. By NETTA SYRETT. [Second Edition. Vol. XXI. THE BRITISH BARBARTANS. By GRANT ALLEN. [Second Edition.    Each volume with specially-designed title page by Patten Wilson.   Vol. XXII. PLATONIC AFFECTIONS. By JOHN SMITH.   Vol. XXIII. IN HOMESPUN. By E. NESBIT. Vol. XXIV. NETS FOR THE WIND. By UNA TAYLOR.   Vol. XXV. WHERE THE ATLANTIC MEETS THE LAND. By   CALDWELL LIPSETT.   Vol. XXVI. IN SCARLET AND GREY. By the Hon. Mrs.   ARTHUR HENNIKER. (With a Story "THE   SPECTRE OF THE REAL," written in collabor-  ation with THOMAS HARDY). The following are in preparation: Vol. XXVII. DAY-BOOKS. By MABEL E. WOTTON.   Vol. XXVIII. MARIS STELLA. By MARIE CLOTHILDE BAL-   FOUR.   Vol. XXVIX. SHAPES IN THE FIRE. By M. P. SHIEL.   Vol. xxx. UGLY IDOL. By CLAUD NICHOLSON. LANE'S LIBRARY.   Each volume, cr. 8vo, 3s. 6d. net.   Vol. I. MARCH HARES. By GEORGE FORTH. [Second Edition. Vol. II. THE SENTIMENTAL SEX. By GERTRUDE WARDEN.   Vol. III. GOLD. By ANNIE LINDEN.   Vol. IV. THE SENTIMENTAL VIKINGS. By R. V. RISLEY. LEATHER (R. K.).   VERSES. 250 copies, fcap. 8vo.3s. net. Transferred by the Author to the present Publisher. LE GALLIENNE (RICHARD).   PROSE FANCIES. With portrait of the Author by WILSON   STEER. Cr. 8vo, purple cloth. 5s. net.  [ Edition. Also a limited large paper edition. I2s. 6d. net. 10  THE PUBLICATIONS OF JOHN LANE LE GALLIENNE (RICHARD).   THE BOOK BILLS OF NARCISSUS. An account rendered by RICHARD LE GALLIENNE.  edition, with a new   chapter and a frontispiece, cr, 8vo, purple cloth. 3s. 6d.   net. Also 50 copies on large paper. 8vo. 10s. 6d. net.   ENGLISH POEMS.  edition, revised, cr. 8vo, purple cloth.   4s. 6d. net. GEORGE MEREDITH: some Characteristics; with a Biblio-   graphy (much enlarged) by JOHN LANE, portrait, &amp;c. edition, cr. 8vo, purple cloth. 5s. 6d. net.   THE RELIGION OF A LITERARY MAN. sth thousand, cr. 8vo,   purple cloth, 3s. 6d. net.   Also a special rubricated edition on hand-made paper, 8vo.   l0s. 6d. net. ROBERT Louis STEVENSON : An Elegy, and Other Poems,   mainly personal. With etched title-page by D. Y.   CAMERON. Cr. 8vo, purple cloth. 45. 6d. net. Also 75 copies on large paper. 8vo. 12s. 6d. net.   RETROSPECTIVE REVIEWS : A Literary Log, 1891-1895. 2   vols. , cr. 8vo, purple cloth. 9s. net.   PROSE FANCIES. (Second Series.) Cr. 8vo, purple cloth.   5s. net. See also HAZLITT, LIBER AMORIS, p. 7. LUCAS (WINIFRED).   UNITS : Poems. Fcap. 8vo. 4s. 6d. net. [In preparation. LYNCH (HANNAH).   THE GREAT GALEOTO AND FOLLY OR SAINTLINESS. Two Plays, from the Spanish of Josf: ECHEGARAY, with an   Introduction. Sm. 410. 5s. 6d. net. MARZIALS (THEO.).   THE GALLERY OF PIGEONS, AND OTHER POEMS. Post 8vo. 4s. 6d. net. Transferred by the Author to the present Publisher. THE MAYFAIR SET.   Each volume fcap. 8vo. 3s. 6d. net.   Vol. I. THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF A BOY. Passages selected   by his friend G. S. STREET. With a title-page   designed by C. W. FURSE.  [Fifth Edition. THE PUBLICATIONS OF JOHN LANE  11 THE MAY FAIR SET.   Vol. II. THE JONESES AND THE ASTERISKS : A Story in Monologue. By GERALD CAMPBELL. With a   title-page and 6 illustrations by F. H. TOWNSEND. [Second Edition.   Vol. III. SELECT CONVERSATIONS WITH AN UNCLE, NOW   EXTINCT. By H. G. WELLS. With a title-page   by F. H. TOWNSEND.   Vol. IV. FOR PLAIN WOMEN ONLY By GEORGE FLEMING.   With a title-page by PATTEN WILSON.   Vol. V. THE FEASTS OF AUTOLYCUS : The Diary of a Greedy   Woman. Edited by ELIZABETH ROBINS PENNELL.   With a title-page by PATTEN WILSON.   Vol. VI. MRS. ALBERT GRUNDY : Observations in Philistia.   By HAROLD FREDERIC. With a title-page by   PATTEN WILSON. MEREDITH (GEORGE).   THE  PUBLISHED PORTRAIT OF THIS AUTHOR, engraved on the wood by W. BISCOMBE GARDNER, after the painting   by G. F. WATTS. Proof copies on Japanese vellum,   signed by painter and engraver, Lx 3s. net. MEYNELL (MRS.), (ALICE C. THOMPSON).   POEMS. Fcap. 8vo. 3s. 6d. net.  [ Edition.    A few of the 50 large paper copies (ist edition) remain.   I2s. 6d. net.   THE RHYTHM OF LIFE, AND OTHER ESSAYS. Fcap. 8vo.   3s. 6d. net.  [ Edition. A few of the 50 large paper copies (1st edition) remain,   12s. 6d. net.   THE COLOUR OF LIFE AND OTHER ESSAYS. Fcap. 8vo.   3s. 6d. net. [Second Edition. See also HAKE. MILLER (JOAQUIN).   THE BUILDING OF THE CITY BEAUTIFUL. Fcap. 8vo.   With a decorated cover. 5s. net. MONKHOUSE (ALLAN).   BOOKS AND PLAYS : A VOLUME OF ESSAYS ON MEREDITH, BORROW, IBSEN AND OTHERS. Cr. 8vo. 5s. net. 12  THE PUBLICATIONS OF JOHN LANE NESBIT (E.).   A POMANDER OF VERSE. With a title-page and cover designed by LAURENCE HOUSMAN. Cr. 8vo. 5s. net.   IN HOMESPUN. (See KEYNOTES SERIES.) NETTLESHIP (J. T.).   ROBERT BROWNING. Essays and /Thoughts. With a por- trait, cr. 8vo. 5s. 6d. net.  [ Edition. NOBLE (JAS. ASHCROFT).   THE SONNET IN ENGLAND, AND OTHER ESSAYS. Title-page and cover design by AUSTIN YOUNG. Cr. 8vo. 5s. net.   Also 50 copies, large paper, 12s. 6d. net. O'SHAUGHNESSY (ARTHUR) .   His LIFE AND His WORK. With selections from his Poems.  By LOUISE CHANDLER MOULTON. Portrait and cover   design, fcap. 8vo. 5s. net. OXFORD CHARACTERS.   A series of 24 lithographed portraits by WILL ROTHENSTEIN,   with text by F. YORK POWELL and others. 200 copies folio, buckram, L3 3s. net.   25 special large paper copies containing proof impres-  sions of portraits signed by the artist, L6 6s. net. PETERS (WM. THEODORE).   POSIES OUT OF RINGS. With title-page by PATTEN WILSON.   Sq. 16mo. 2s. net.  [In preparation. PIERROT'S LIBRARY.   Each volume with title-page, cover-design, and end papers   designed by AUBREY BEARDSLEY. Sq. 16mo. 2s. net.   Vol. I. PIERROT. By H. DE VERE STACPOOLE.   Vol. II. MY LITTLE LADY ANNE. By MRS. EGERTON   CASTLE.   The following are in preparation:   Vol. III. DEATH, THE KNIGHT, AND THE LADY. By H.   DE VERE STACPOOLE.   Vol. IV. SIMPLICITY. By A. T. G. PRICE.   Vol. V. MY BROTHER. By VINCENT BROWN. THE PUBLICATIONS OF JOHN LANE  13 PLARR (VICTOR}.   IN THE DORIAN MOOD : Poems. With title-page designed by PATTEN WILSON. Cr. 8vo. 5s. net.  [In preparation. RADFORD (DOLLIE).   SONGS, AND OTHER VERSES. With title-page designed by PATTEN WILSON. Fcap. 8vo. 4s. 6d. net. RHYS (ERNEST).   A LONDON ROSE, AND OTHER RHYMES. With title-page designed by SELWYN IMAGE. Cr. 8vo. 5s. net. RICKETTS (C. S.) AND C. H. SHANNON.   HERO AND LEANDER. By CHRISTOPHER MARLOWE and   GEORGE CHAPMAN. With borders, initials, and illus- trations designed and engraved on the wood by C. S.   RICKETTS and C. H. SHANNON. Bound in English   vellum and gold. 200 copies only. 35s. net. ROBERTSON (JOHN M.).   ESSAYS TOWARDS A CRITICAL METHOD. (New Series.) Cr. 8vo. 5s. net.  [In preparation. ST. CYRES (LORD).   THE LITTLE FLOWERS OF ST. FRANCIS. A new rendering into English of the FIORET.TI DI SAN FRANCESCO. Cr.   8vo. 5s. net.  [In preparation. SHORE (LOUISA).   POEMS. With a Memoir by FREDERIC HARRISON. Fcap.   8vo. 5s. net.  [In preparation. STEVENSON (ROBERT LOUIS).   PRINCE OTTO: A Rendering in French by EGERTON CASTLE.   Cr. 8vo. With frontispiece, title-page and cover design by D. Y. CAMERON. 7s. 6d. net.   Also 50 copies on large paper, uniform in size with the   Edinburgh Edition of the works.   A CHILD'S GARDEN OF VERSES. With nearly 100 illustra-   tions by CHARLES ROBINSON. Cr. 8vo. 5s. net. [Second Edition. 14  THE PUBLICATIONS OF JOHN LANE STODDART (THOMAS TOD).   THE DEATH WAKE. With an introduction by ANDREW LANG. Fcap. 8vo. 5s. net. STREET (G. S.}.   MINIATURES AND MOODS. Fcap. 8vo. 3s. net.   EPISODES. Cr. 8vo. 3s. net. Transferred by the Author to the present Publisher. THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF A BOY. (See MAYFAIR SET.)   QUALES EGO : a few remarks, in particular and at large.   Fcap. 8vo, 3s. 6d, net. SWETTENHAM (F. A.}.   MALAY SKETCHES. With title and cover designs by PATTEN WILSON. Cr. 8vo. 5s. net.  [Second Edition. TABB (JOHN B.).   POEMS. Sq. 32010. 4s. 6d. net. TENNYSON (FREDERICK).   POEMS OF THE DAY AND YEAR. With a title-page designed by PATTEN WILSON. Cr. 8vo. 5s. net. THIMM (CARL A.).   A COMPLETE BIBLIOGRAPHY OF FENCING AND DUELLING,   AS PRACTISED BY ALL EUROPEAN NATIONS FROM   THE MIDDLE AGES TO THE PRESENT DAY. With a   Classified Index, arranged Chronologically according to Languages. Illustrated with numerous Portraits of Ancient   and Modern Masters of the Art, title-pages and frontis-  pieces of some of the earliest works. Portrait of the   Author by WILSON STEER, and title-page designed by PATTEN WILSON. 4to. 21s. net.  [In preparation. THOMPSON (FRANCIS).   POEMS. With frontispiece, title-page, and cover design by   LAURENCE HOUSMAN. Pott 4to. 5s. net. [ Edition. SISTER-SONGS : An Offering to Two Sisters. With frontis-  piece, title-page, and cover design by LAURENCE HOUS-  MAN. Pott 4to, buckram. 5s. net. THE PUBLICATIONS OF JOHN LANE  15 THOREAU (HENRY DAVID).   POEMS OF NATURE. Selected and edited by HENRY S. SALT   and FRANK B. SANBORN, with a title-page designed by   PATTEN WILSON. Fcap. 8vo. 4s. 6d. net. TRAILL (H. D.)   THE BARBAROUS BRITISHERS : A Tip-top Novel. With Title and Cover Design by AUBREY BEARDSLEY. Crown 8vo.   Wrapper, Is. net. FROM CAIRO TO THE SOUDAN FRONTIER. With cover   design by PATTEN WILSON. Cr. 8vo. 5s. net. TYNAN HINKSON (KATHARINE).   CUCKOO SONGS. With title-page and cover design by LAUR-   ENCE HOUSMAN. Fcap. 8vo. 5s. net.   MIRACLE PLAYS : OUR LORD S COMING AND CHILDHOOD.   With 6 illustrations, title-page and cover design by   PATTEN WILSON. Fcap. 8vo. 4s. 6d. net. WALTON AND COTTON.   THE COMPLEAT ANGLER. A New Edition. Edited by RICHARD LE GALLIENNE. With about 200 illustrations   by EDMUND H. NEW. To be issued in 12 monthly   parts, each is. net.  [Now being published. WATSON (ROSAMUND MARRIOTT).   VESPERTILIA, AND OTHER POEMS. With title-page designed   by R. ANNING BELL. Fcap. 8vo. 3s. 6d. net.   A SUMMER NIGHT, AND OTHER POEMS. New Edition, with   a decorative title-page. Fcap. 8vo. 3s. net. WATSON (WILLIAM).   THE FATHER OF THE FOREST : AND OTHER POEMS. With new photogravure portrait of the author. Fcap. 8vo.   3s. 6d. net.  [Fifth Thousand.    ODES, AND OTHER POEMS. Fcap. 8vo. 4s. 6d. net. [ Edition. THE ELOPING ANGELS : A CAPRICE. Sq. 16mo, buckram.   3s. 6d. net. [Second Edition. 16  THE PUBLICATIONS OF JOHN LANE WATSON (WILLIAM).   EXCURSIONS IN CRITICISM; BEING SOME PROSE RECREATIONS OF A RHYMER. Cr. 8vo. 5s. net.  [Second Edition. THE PRINCE'S QUEST, AND OTHER POEMS. With a biblio-   graphical note added. Fcap. 8vo. 4s. 6d. net. [ Edition. THE PURPLE EAST: A SERIES OF SONNETS ON ENGLAND'S   DESERTION OF ARMENIA. With a frontispiece by G. F.   WATTS, R.A. Wrappers, Is. net.  [ Edition. WATT (FRANCIS).   THE LAW S LUMBER ROOM. Fcap. 8vo. 3s. 6d. net. [Second Edition. WATTS (THEODORE).   POEMS. Crown 8vo. 5s. net.  [In preparation. There will also be an Edition de Luxe of this volume, printed   at the Kelmscott Press. WHARTON (H. T.).   SAPPHO. Memoir, text, selected renderings, and a literal trans-  lation by HENRY THORNTON WHARTON. With Three   Illustrations in photogravure and a cover design by AUBREY   BEARDSLEY. Fcap. 8vo. 7s. 6d. net.  [ Edition. The Yellow Book An Illustrated Quarterly. Pott 4to, 5s. net. Volume I. April 1894, 272 pp., 15 Illustrations. [Out of print.   Volume II. July 1894, 364 pp., 23 Illustrations.   Volume III. October 1894, 280 pp., 15 Illustrations.   Volume IV. January 1895, 285 pp., 16 Illustrations. Volume V. April 1895, 317 pp., 14 Illustrations.   Volume VI. July 1895, 335 pp., 16 Illustrations.   Volume VII. October 1895, 320 pp., 20 Illustrations.   Volume VIII. January 1896, 406 pp., 26 Illustrations. Volume IX. April 1896, 256 pp.. 17 Illustrations.