Canada ARGOSY WEEKLY ROBERT CARSE Fugitives Two Dramatic Novelet of the Forgotten Souls Who Survived Devil's Island ROLL, MISSOURI Fast-moving Tale of Riverboat Days Roy DeS. Horn RICHARD SALE Short Voyage Home Richard Wormser Allan R.BosworthCLAIMED a novel of fantastic adventure by FRANCIS STEVENS Can objects carry the aura of their original surroundings with them to haunt the modern world with a ghostly past? Was the strange emerald-like box owned by an eccentric mil- lionaire really connected ivith the worship of the ancient God of the Sea? Had this odd box any relation to the horror that threatened all connected with its owner? Learn the answers in one of the most exciting fantastic stories ever published—in famous: FANTASTIC MYSTERIES April Issue Now on Sale DON'T MISS IT! 10c lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllliilliiil I II mu iHEmUCKED- THEN A TIP GOT BILL A GOOD JOB! S/U, JUST MA/l/NG- THAT t COUPON GAVe /HE A QU/CK START TO success! V/NRADIO. MA/L TH/S' ONE ' W TONI&HV I RADIO’S ST/lt A YOUNG-\ . <rfOWING- F/EID -TOMS RIGHT AM UNTRAINED MAN HASN'T A CHANCE. /'At I &0/NG TO TRAM FOR RADIO TOO. /PS i 1 rooArs t/eid of u-m OPPORTUNITIES/ ■FOR GOOD PAY~ U.S. WTRAINING AT HOME TOR RADIO is• PRACTICAL I MO I'M GETTING ALONG FAST I SOOA/ / F/r//Va +fS** I Trained These Men Chief Operator Broadcasting Station Before I completed all your lessons, I ob- tained my Radio Broadcast Operator’s I* cense and immediately joined Station WMPC where I am now Chief Operator. HOLLIS F. HAYES <A	327 Madison Street Lapeer, Michigan I WILL TRAIN YOU AT HOME in your spare time fora GOOD JOB IN RADIO Service Manager for Four Stores I was working in a garage when I en« rolled with N. R. I. I am now Radio serv- Ice manager for the M- Furniture Co. for their four stores. JAMES E. RYAN 119 Pebble Court Fall River, Mass. $15 a Week Extra In Spare Time ___averaging from $700 to $850 a year. Those extra dollars mean so much—the difference between just barely getting by and living comfortably. JOHN WASHKO 97 New Cranberry Hazleton, Penna. $200 to $300 a Month in Own Business For the last two years I have been in busi- ness for myself making between $200 and $300 a month. Business has steadily Increased. I have N. R. I. to thank for my start in this field. ARLIE J FROEHNER 300 W. Texas Ave. Goose Creek, Texas Operator in Broadcasting Station I was chief engineer of KFPW, Fort Smith, Ark., for over seven years, which position I resigned to become transmit- ter operator of KGKO, Fort Worth, Texas, where I am now employed. WILLARD DOAN 406 W. First St. Arlington Texas $10 to $20 a Week in Spare Time I repaired some Radio sets when I was on my tenth lesson. I really don’t see how you can give so much for such a small amount of money. I made $600 In a year and a half, and I have made an average of $10 to $20 a week—just spare time. JOHN JERRY 1529 Arapahoe St., Room 17, Denver, Colorado If you can’t see a future in your present job; feel you'll never make much more money, if you’re in a seasonal field, subject to lay offs, IT’S TIME NOW to investigate Radio. Trained Radio Technicians make good money, and you don’t have to give up your present job or leave home to learn Radio. I train you at home nights in your spare time. Why Many Radio Technicians Make $30, $40, $50 a Week Radio broadcasting stations employ operators, technicians. Radio manufacturers employ testers, inspectors, servicemen in good-pay jobs. Radio jobbers, dealers, employ installation and service- men. Many Radio Technicians open their own Radio sales and repair businesses and make $30, $40, $50 a week. Others hold their regular jobs and make $5 to $10 a week fixing Radios in spare time. Automobile, Police, Aviation, Com- mercial Radio; Loudspeaker Systems, Electronic Devices are other fields offering opportunities for which N. R. I. gives the required knowledge of Radio. Television promises to open good jobs soon. Many Make $5 to $10 a Week Extra in Spare Time While Learning The day you enroll, I start sending you Extra Money Job Sheets—start showing you how to do Radio repair jobs. Throughout your Course I send plans and directions which have helped many make $5 to $10 a week extra in spare time while learning. I send special Radio equipment to conduct experiments and build circuits. This 5 0-50 training method makes learning at home in- teresting, fascinating, practical. YOU ALSO GET A MODERN P R 0 F E S SIONAL, ALL- WAVE, ALL- P U R PO SE SET SERVICING IN- STRUMENT to help you make money fixing Radios while learning and equip you for full time work after you graduate. Find Out What Radio, Television Offer You Act Today! Mail the coupon for my 64-page book, “Rich Rewards In Radio." It points out Radio's spare time and full time opportunities and those coming in Television; tells about my Course in Radio and Tele- vision; shows more than 100 letters from men I have trained, telling what they are doing and earning. Read my money back agreement. MAIL COUPON in an envelope or paste on penny postcard—NOW 1 J. E. Smith, President Dept. IAK, National Radio Institute Washington, D. C. J. E. SMITH. President National Radio Institute Established 25 years. Mai! this to qet 64 paqe book FREE •	J. E. Smith, President, Dept. IAK	f National Radio Institute, Washington, D. C.	■ Mail me FREE, without obligation, your 64-page book "Rich ® Rewards in Radio.” (No salesman will call. Write plainly.) fl ■ AGE............ • • NAME.......................................................... * 9 ADDRESS...................................................... • I |	CITY....................................... STATE............America’s Oldest and Best All-Fiction Magazine omuicj Sc oon Three magnificent novels Argosy will bring you next month: DESTROYER! The unforgettable story 01 America under invasion By STEVE FISHER THE DAWN SEEKERS Joel Quaite, Time-detective, travels back into the child- hood of the World ' By FREDERICK C. PAINTON DRUMS OF KHARTOUM \ A vivid, exciting tale of re- bellion in Egypt, and of that fabulous figure, Chinese Gor- don By E. HOFFMANN PRICE Volume 306 CONTENTS FOR MARCH 29, 1941 Number 5 Fugitives Two—Novelet.......................Robert Carse 6 What happened to the wretches in French prison camps when France fell? Fort some of them there was freedom—and the taste of bitter blood Roll, Missouri—First of two parts............Roy de S. Horn 17 Going to ride this river, pioneers? Then say your prayers, be- cause there*s a storm roaring behind you, and man-made peril »	around the bend Horse of Another Collar—Short Story.............Dale Clark 29 Final race; J. Edwin Bell up; track fast—and very, very crooked Men of Daring—True Story in Pictures........Stookie Allen 36 Roald Amundsen—Arctic Marco Polo Murder Goes to Sea—Third of six parts.....Allan R. Bosworth 38 Death walks the decks by night—but is he a sleep-walker? And a Hickory Tree—Short Story..........Richard Wormser 47 Formula for picking a centaur son-in-law: A thoroughbred knows how thoroughbreds should be treated Short Voyage Home—Short Story..............Richard Sale 53 Sky-hung or sea-bound, your British flyer is a gentleman—and a worthy opponent Gunswift—Conclusion.........................Jack Byrne 56 The last hand is played out. The stakes: a long rope and a short prayer But We Still Speak English...................The Editors 35 Argonotes ......... ..................................................................65 Looking Ahead!..............................................................................5 This magazine is on sale every Wednesday -A RED STAR Magazine= THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY, Publisher, 280 Broadway, NEW YORK, N. Y. WILLIAM T. DEWART, President & Treasurer	WILLIAM T. DEWART, JR.. Secretary. PARIS: HACHETTE & C1E, Ill Rue Rfeuimui LONDON: THE CONTINENTAL PUBLISHEBS & DISTRIBUTORS, HID., S La Belle Sauvage, Ludgata U1U, London, E. C. 4 Copyright, 1941, 6s Frank A. Munaey Company. Published weekly. Single copies 10c: Canada 12o. By the year $4.00 in United States, its dependencies, Mexico and Cuba; Canada, $0.00. Other countries, $7.00. Currency should not be sent unless registered. Remittances should be made by check, express money order or postal money order. Entered as second class matter November 28, 1896, at the post office. New York, N. Y., under the Act of March 3, 1879. The entire contents of this magazine are protected by copyright and must not be reprinted without the publisher's permission. Title registered in U. S. Patent Office. Copyright in Great Britain. Printed iu U. S. A. Manuscripts submitted to this magazine should be accompanied by sufflcifnt postage tor their return if found unavailable. The publisher can accept no responsibility 1or return ol unsolicited manuscripts. -Other RED STAR Magazines- FANTAST1C NOVELS , RED STAB MYSTERY . FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES . RED STAB AD- VENTUBES , CBACK-SHOT WESTERN . DETECTIVE FICTION WEEKLY . CONFESSION NOVEL OF THE MONTH . S1LVEB BUCK WESTERN . BED STAB LOVE BEYELATIONS . BED STAB SECRET CONFESSIONS . DOUBLE DETECTIVE . ALL-STORY LOVE MAGAZINE . BIG CHIEF WESTERN . LOVE NOVEL OF THE MONTH . RAILROAD MAGAZINE . FIFTH COLUMN STOBIES . SEA NOVEL MAGAZfNELearn this Profitable Profession in 90 Days at Home Hundreds of men and women of all ages 18-50 make $10.00 to $20.00 in a single day giving scientific Swed- ish Massage and Hydro-Therapy treatments. There is a big demand from Hospitals, Sanitariums, Clubs, Doc- tors and private patients as well as opportunities for establishing your own office. Learn this interesting money-making profession in your own home by mail, through our home study course. Same instructors as in our NATIONALLY KNOWN resident school. A diploma is awarded upon comple- tion of the course. Course can be completed in 3 to 4 months. High School training is not necessary. Many earn big money while learning. Anatomy Charts anil Booklet FREE Enroll now and we will include uniform coat, medical dictionary, patented reducing roller and Hydro-Therapy supplies without extra cost. The reducing course alone may be worth many times the modest tuition fee. Send coupon now for Anatomy Charts and booklet containing photographs land letters from successful graduates. These will all be sent postpaid—FREE. Dept. 287—30 E. Adams St., Chicago. You. may send me FREE and postpaid, Anatomy Charts, booklet containing photographs and letters from graduates, and complete details of your offer. ALL NEW! 1941 edition “Fish- ing What Tackle and When.” Bait and fly casting lessons. CAN YOU FIX IT? These books tell step by step HOW to take out "play " in differen- tial—to kill the shim- my in steering—to set TIMING—how to put your finger on en- gine trouble and the expert way to FIX it. 6 BIG VOLUMES 2500 pages, 2000 illus- trations, including Marine Engines, Avi- ation Motors, Die- sel engines, etc. De Luxe edition, gold- stamped flexible binding. on approval. Just mail the coupon and we’ll send a set of these re- markable auto books. Whether you are a mechanic or helper, expert or apprentice, auto owner or driver, take advantage of this FREE EX- AMINATION OFFER. GET A BETTER JOB A better job—in the gigantic auto industry. BIGGER PAY—a chance to go into business for your- self are waiting for any man who tries to improve himself. Learn auto engineering a new way—a quick reference method. Simply use the JIFFY INDEX to look up the answer to auto problems. Built by eleven great automobile engi- neers, and written so you can understand it. [A year’s consulting 1 privileges with our I engineers now given I with these books. J We will also Include a New EXTRA volume with over 300 pages of late cars with wiring diagrams and data sheets on each. AMERICAN TECHNICAL SOCIETY (Publishers-Home Study Courses). Drexel Ave. & 58th St., Dept,X2510Chicago, III. Send me the 6-volume edition of AUTO BOOKS. I will pay the de- livery charges only, but if I choose, I may return them express col- lect. If after 10 days I prefer to keep them, 1 will send you S2 then and only $3 a month after that until $24.80 is paid. Please include con- sulting service and extra Volume No. 7, as per your offer above. Name_______ Address____ City- Looking Ahead! WET BEEF FROM MEXICO They built a ten-foot fence along the Border; they pa- trolled the Rio Grande with guns. Yet the stolen cattle slipped away by night, and there were men who died. There was a mystery to solve, and a darkness to dissolve, but only one man had the courage to do it—this angry young Irishman who went calling at the Devil’s Ranch. An exciting new novel of the West by WALT COBURN SOMETIME CHAMP You take a fighter like Big Joe •he’s through. He’s an old man, and he ought to be glad le’s got a good job and a family and no buzzing inside his head. But what if there’s a secret whisper in him—a whisper calling him Champ? A dra- matic and unusual short novel of the ring, by CHARLES MARQUIS WARREN TO HEAVEN STANDING UP The curious and fascinating story of a character who made limself some wings and thought he could fly. And so he did. By PAUL ERNST Coming in next week’s Argosy—April 5 World’s Greatest Collection of Strange & Secret Photographs MOW you can travel round the world with the most daring adventurers. You can see with your own eyes the weirdest peoples on earth. You witness the strangest customs of the red, white, brown, black and yellow races. You attend their startling rites, their mysterious practices. They are all assembled for you in these five great vol- umes of The SECRET MUSEUM OF MANKIND. 600 LARGE PAGES Here Is the world’s Greatest Collection of Strange and Secret Photographs. Here are Exotic Photos from Europe, Primitive Photos from Africa, Torture Photos from Asia, Female Photos from Oceania and America, and hundreds of others. There are almost 600 LARGE PAGES of Strange & Secret Photographs, each page 57 square Inches in size! 1000 REVEALING PHOTOS You see actual courtship practised in every quarter of the world. You see magic and mystery in queer lands where the foot of a white man has rarely trod. You see Oriental modes of marriage and female slavery In China, Japan, In- dia, etc. Through the Intimacy of the camera you witness the exotic habits of every continent and the strangest cus- toms of life and love in America, Europe, etc. You are be- wildered by these large pages of ONE THOUSAND PHOTO- GRAPHS, including 130 full-page photos, and thrilled by the hundreds of short stories that describe them. Contents of 5-Volume Set Volume 1—The Secret Album of Africa Volume 2—The Secret Album of Europe Volume 3—The Secret Album of Asia Volume 4—The Secret Album of America Volume S—The Secret Album of Oceania 5 PICTURE-PACKED VOLUMES The SECRET MUSEUM OF MANKIND consists of five pic- ture-packed volumes (solidly bound together for convenient reading). Dip into any one of these volumes, and as you turn its pages, you find it difficult to tear yourself away. Here in story and unusual photo, is the WORLD’S GREAT. EST COLLECTION OF STRANGE AND SECRET PHOTO- Specimen Photos Various Secret Societies—Civilized Love vs. Savage— Exotic Rites and Cults—Strange Crimes, Criminals—. Omens, Totems & Taboos—Mysterious Customs—Dress to Undress Round the World 1,000 Strange and Secret Photos SEND NO MONEY Simply sign and mail the coupon. Remember, each of the 5 volumes is 9V4 Inches high, and opened over a foot wide! Remember also that this 5-Volume Set formerly sold for $10. And it is bound In expensive “life-time'’ cloth. Don’t put this off. Pill out the coupon, drop It In the next mall, and receive this huge work at once. ■	■■■■■ ■ m m m m m m ■	METRO PUBLICATIONS,	" 70 Fifth Ave., Dept. 303, New York, N. Y. Send me “The Secret Museum of Mankind” (5 B ...... *■' * ” ■" postman r'eat volumes bound together). I will pay po 1.98, plus postage on arrival. If in 5 days not delighted, I will return the book and yoi refund my $1.98, you will Address City.......................state....................- n CHECK HERE if you are enclosing $1.98, thus	■ saving the mailing costs. _	Canadian orders $2.50 in advance	_ «■■■■■ ■ ■■■■■daFugitives Two By Robert Carse Author of "The Captain, the Parson and the Sea," "Warrior Alone," etc. thundering down over the great rock lips, but were much calmer where they passed him»here, and the sounds given were a miraculous and intricate music. Maybe later you’ll be able to appreciate it as music, he thought. But first you must cross, get over to the Dutchman’s saw-mill on the other side. Don’t ever forget that you’re an escaped convict, a fugitive, and in danger all the time, even here. He found several slabs from the saw-mill jammed among the rocks at the bottom of the bank. They carried him across while he lay prone on them, paddling with his hands and feet. He was very tired, and he slipped noisily climbing the other bank. Take it easy, Valny, he told him- self. The Dutchmen have a habit of sending escaped French back to the prisons. His bare feet were lacerated by the month he had spent Peace was the thing the Dutchman sought; the Frenchman’s passionate dream was ‘reedom. They carried their separate faiths into the remote world of Dutch Guiana, into the bloody turmoil of a convicts’ rebellion; and each man had to learn by battle ROGER VALNY left the jungle at the bank of the beautiful, black river. This, he knew, was the Sur- inam, and for days now he had been traveling through Dutch Guiana. He stood shaking with his fever and stared through the blue night softness at the falls of the Manadam above him. They shone as they flungFUGITIVES TWO 7 in the jungle since he had slipped past the guards at Saint Laurent. Every rock and root in the trail gave him pain. But he kept watching the group of buildings ahead, listening for sounds. The saw-mill itself was right at the edge of the river. Beyond it was the workers’ barracks, and then, on a hillock, the bungalow of the owner. That was where he wanted to go, to the bungalow. The owner’s name, accord- ing to some of the old-timers over at Saint Laurent, was Jan de Boek, and he was supposed to hire Frenchmen once in a while. Snores, the slight, harsh groans of heavily sleeping men came from the barracks. Nerves tightened all over Valny’s body. He was sorry the workers were asleep. If they were awake, they might help him if he got in a jam with the Dutchman. A green-shaded lamp burned in the front room of the bungalow. He moved toward it, slowly now, afraid of capture and return to the awful prisons. 'T'HE PLANKS of the bungalow porch gave beneath his •* weight, creaked as he mounted. He glanced nervously into the room, poised for flight. But the man seated in the big Hong Kong chair beside the lamp remained motion- less: “Come in,” he called to Valny with an impatient voice. “What do you want?” Valny wore the red-striped cotton trousers of the prisons, and his convict serial number was printed on the chest of his jumper. This guy recognizes you for what you are, he thought. Speak right up to him. He closed the screen door behind him and faced the Dutchman. “My name is Valny,” he said. “Roger Valny. I’m an evade from the main prison at Saint Laurent. I want work, for any wages you’ll pay.” The man seated in the chair was young, and big. He wore a starched white tunic in the Dutch fashion, and his belly bulged the bottom buttons, his glossy red cheeks came down over the top of the collar. Beside him on the table was a glass of gin and bitters. He lifted it and drank from it. “What was your profession,” he said, “before you were convicted? And what was your crime?” Roger Valny was gazing around the room. He didn’t like the Dutchman’s manner. The guy talked like a police magistrate, or a spy. “I was in the automobile business at Rouen until I was mustered up to do my military serv- ice,” he said. “Then I was a staff sergeant and driver attached to Army headquarters on the Riviera.” “Before the war?” the Dutchman said. “Yes, in 1936. A kind of a scrap developed between me and a young captain on the staff. He stole my girl in Mentone. One day, when he and I were driving down from Sospel to Mentone after maneuvers, the car went over a cliff. “I jumped, but he stayed n the car, and he was killed. The court-martial brought evidence to show I’d killed him purposely, because of the girl. They wrote me a seven- year ticket to Guiana for it.” “Now you’ve escaped,” the Dutchman said. “You’ve heard from the old-timers in the prison that Jan de Boek is a nice chap and might give a convict a job, although Dutch colonial law strictly forbids it. You—” “Alors,” Roger Valny said. “Give me an answer one way or the other, will you? I haven’t eaten right for years, I’ve been in the bush for a month. I’m jumpy—” He was worried by de Boek’s placidity, the way the man just sat there and looked at him blankly out of his blue, steady eyes. “Give me a job, or turn me over to your folks for the police.” “There are no police here,” de Boek said. But a door was being opened in the rear of the bungalow. Footsteps came light and quick along the porch. Roger Valny cursed de Boek. “You dirty slob,” he said. Then he turned, ran out in the darkness. TTE STOPPED and hid among the lumber piles along the river bank. A whistle like a police whistle was being blown from the porch of the bungalow. He could hear de Boek’s voice giving commands. De Boek was telling men to go and search for him, to bring him back. Valny crouched hard against the fresh-smelling planks. He found stones and grasped one in each hand. When they came for him, he thought, he’d fight. They weren’t going to send him back to the boite without a fight. Eight or ten men, tall Djukas who wore the breech- clouts of their up-river clans, found him. They were empty-handed, and stayed beyond the range of his stones. “Don’t be afraid, Frenchman,” one of them said in the: talki-talki. “You’re wrong to fear. The baas wants you to work here.” “Like hell,” Valny said, almost sobbing, but he dropped the stones and came forward from the lumber pile to the Djukas. Jan de Boek was seated again in his Hong Kong chair. A girl who had his same features and coloring, but who was much slimmer and quite pretty stood beside him. “This is my sister,” he said to Valny. “It was she you heard, coming out of her room. I have no intention of turning you over to .the police. Not if you are really an honest and peaceful man. In fact, I have need here for skilled workers. Can you run a steam engine?” “Yes,” Roger Valny said, his knees shaking and sweat in his eyes. De Boek gestured. “Get the man food, Grelda. Feed him, give him a drink. Then you’re to go to the barracks, Valny. Tomorrow, you’ll start work as engineer, running the saw-mill engine. I’ll pay you two hundred guilders a month.” “Merci bien,” Valny said. He felt stupified, and sick to his stomach from the strain. But the bread and cheese the ham and beer Grelda de Boek brought him were very good. He had not seen a pretty white woman in three years, and to be near her excited him. He became voluble and witty, and talked with her a great deal as he ate. She spoke a nice French. She told him that her family had a Parisian governess at home in Rotterdam. “But you’re not from Paris?” she said. “No,” he said laughing. “I’m from the North, Rouen. Everything that Paris doesn’t want comes down the Seine past us on the way to the sea. Tell me, ma’amselle; why’s a girl like you out here in the back-bush of South Amer- ica?” “Because of him,” she said, and indicated her brother. De Boek dozed, his book outspread on his knees. “He served with our landswehr forces all during the war of 1914-18. What he saw up along the Belgian and German frontiers shocked him a great deal. He came out here to Guiana to find peace. With him, the idea of peace is nearly an obsession.” “It is with a lot of men,” Roger Valny said. He grimaced.ARGOSY “But finding it is something else again. I should know.” “The prisons seem to have made you cynical,” Grelda said. “Quit£ right,” Valny said. “A girl like you, though, and beer like that, could change me.” She smilled at him without self-consciousness. “You’ve finished all the beer,” she said. “Now you’d better get down to the barracks and find your bunk and some sleep.” “Avec grand plaisir," he said. He took her hand and kissed it. “Let me thank you a thousand times.” When he was out in the dark and going down the slope to the barracks he started to whistle. You’re all right, Valny, he thought. For a fugitive, you’re fine. II rPHE OLD NEGRO’S name was Moano Yasuko. He was the Granman and the chief of all the Djuka clans along the upper rivers. He came ashore at de Boek’s saw- mill after Valny had been working there about four months. De Boek sent .for Valny to come to the bungalow. “You should meet Moano Yasuko,” de Boek said. “He’s the man who keeps the peace upon the entire river.” “You’re nuts on the subject, aren’t you?” Valny said. “Ever since the war broke out in Europe, that’s all you’ve talked.” “It’s the only thing that matters in the world,” de Boek said. “You will realize it as I do when you’ve lived here a little longer.” Moano Yasuko sat spraddle-kneed on the porch of de Boek’s bungalow. He was skinny, wrinkled and very old. A wide sun helmet was perched over his angular face, and upon the chest of his white cotton robe hung a silver plaque bearing the coat-of-arms of Wilhelmina, Queen of the Netherlands He held in his right hand a long, carefully carved mahogany stick which was his Djuka sign of office. When he met Valny, he raised the stick slightly from the floor. “You are from one of the nations at war,” he said. “Can you tell me why they fight?” Roger Valny shrugged and looked sidewise at Grelda. “There are always wars in Europe,” he said. “Too many people, too much money in the hands of the wrong people. I’m not sure, Granman. But France is safe behind her big fortifications, what we call the Maginot Line, and that’s enough for me.” De Boek had moved to the radio and turned the dials. He got London first, and then Paris, and Paris came in clear. “Translate to the Granman,” he told Valny. “You’ve learned the talki-talki." The announcer’s voice was hurried. He read bulletin after bulletin, the ruffled sheets of his paper making a queer crackling. “That’s big news,” Valny said. “Do I have to tell the old man about it?” Moana Yasuko must have understood the question, for he said, “War is exciting until a man is in it. I remember the last one, and how weary even the Dutch became of it. At the end, through the governor, I sent a letter bear- ing my sign, to that place named Geneva. “I told them at their League of Nations to make good treaties that would be fair to all nations. Here on the river, Frenchman, we aid your kind in escape from the prisons. But in war we are too busy, and then you die wanting food and our help. Tell me now what the man says.” “Germany has just begun an invasion of the Lowlands,” Valny quickly translated. “Holland and Belgiuta are being attacked. The announcer says that the Germans are trying to swing around the Maginot Line. ...” TTE WAS silent for hours after that, except for moments when he gave the old Negro a brief sentence of ex- planation. He intently watched Grelda and Jan de Boek. Their country was being invaded, smashed. Grelda was able to keep a degree of calmness. But her brother’s placid nature was acutely aroused. He cursed, and struck his hands against the porch rail. Then he slowly began to weep, for the Nazi bombers were over Rotter- dam; with care and precision they were wrecking the city. “Be calm, Jan,” Grelda murmured. “There’s nothing you can do. Rage won’t help.” “I know,” he whispered. “I know.” But he continued to think about the flame-flared rubble of the Schiedamsche Dijk, the women, the children, the men killed without chance, and yes, without reason. All his life he had hated war, yet in 1914 they had made a soldier of him. “You must serve your Queen,” they had said. But that hadn’t changed the stink of the dead caught in the barb- wire at the frontier, or the horror of the bodies washed up onto the coasts from the sunken ships. No, war was always terrible, and only peace had value. But now there was no peace. He shut his eyes, as if to do so would hold out the sound of the announcer’s words. Moano Yasuko came over and touched his hand. “I must go,” the Negro said. “My canoe- men are waiting to take me on down-river to Paramaribo. But if you ever need me, Dutchman, I am ready. You are a good man. You really love peace.” Jan de Boek could not answer. The desire to weep had locked his throat. He shook Moano Yasuko’s hand, then once more shut his eyes. The hours passed, and it seemed to him that his head was an anvil for the blows of the announcer’s words. But he heard Grelda, and he heard Valny. They were together; Valny was comforting Grelda by making love to her. That was all right. That didn’t matter. Valny and Grelda had been falling in love for weeks. But Rotter- dam, city of churches and quiet houses and grave beauty, churned into a bloody rubble by exploding steel against which there was ho defense. . . . He rose and stumbled into the bungalow, flung himself down on his bed. His weeping was muffled by the pillow, and at last, exhausted, he slept. “I’m not much good, I guess,” Roger Valny told Grelda, bis arms locked close around her shoulders. “But with you to help me, I’ll be a lot better. Forget the war, and Holland. Just remember that we’re here together, cherie." Grelda was tempted by the strength of his arms, the feel of his lean body against her. It would be fine, she thought, just to give herself to love. She loved this man; she was sure of Roger. But love couldn’t stop thought, not now, or later. “What if France falls, too, Roger?” she said. “Will you then also ask me to forget?” “No,” Roger Valny said. He stood back from her. “Th^t will be different. I don’t think that I talk like a patriotic Frenchman but there’s no other country in the world such as France.” “You are proud of it still, after all it did to you?” His hands clasped tightly and were painful on herFUGITIVES TWO 9 arms. “I’m proud of it still. It’s my country, no matter what’s happened or will happen to me. My people have fought for hundreds of years to keep it free.” Grelda’s face was white, and strained. “Don’t tell that to Jan,” she said. “Jan would hate you if you did. He believes that it’s men who think like you who create wars.” “He’s wrong,” Roger Valny said. “And come here and kiss me. France is safe yet.” “I can’t,” Grelda said. She was at the door, going through it into the living room. “I’ve got no strength left, Roger. Now I must try to sleep—and forget Rotter- dam. You must work, run the mill until Jan is better. You understand?” “I understand,” Valny said, “that I love you.” i IT WAS near noOn and he was repairing the drive-wheel belt on the engine when Jan de Boek came down the slope. De Boek smelled of gin; his hands shook at his sides. “Paris has fallen,” he said, “and France is finished. What is left of the government has just asked for an arm- istice.” “You lie!” Roger Valny said furiously, the rage fast in his veins. “I tell you the truth, Roger. It is all over for yotir country, as it is for mine. But at least the people will now have peace. They won’t suffer absolute destruction and death.” Valny stared at him as if at a man he did not know. Then he walked past him and up the slope to the bunga- low. His mind was still reeling from what de Boek had told him, but his thoughts were very clear. He was thinking of the men in the prisons at Saint Laurent. They were closer to him than anybody in France. He had been their companion in misery and degradation for three interminable years before he’d been able to escape. Some of them were cruel, vicious men, but a lot were good—the victims of the same system that had entrapped him. Now he should go back to the prisons, he realized. Conditions would be terrible there. It was impossible for him to do anything for France herself. That must wait until the corrupt, the traitorous had been found and exe- cuted. But fifteen thousand men were in the French Guiana prisons, and what they needed was a man to lead them to freedom. He looked up to find Grelda before him. “Jan has told you,” she said. “That’s right,” he said. “I’m going back, to the prisons. Now, with France fallen, they’ll be left to starve, or go mad. My job’s to get them out.” “Why?” she said. “Because I’m one of them,” he said. “Because I’m still a fugitive.” A shadow came across his sweaty back, and he swung to find Jan de Boek there. “You would be wrong to make any move like that,” de Boek said. “All the chances would be against you if you gave yourself up to the prison authorities. Don’t be foolishly sentimental. “Here you have real peace. My sister loves you. Go back to the prisons and you lose peace, love, any chance of a decent future—everything, in fact, but peace most importantly of all.” Roger Valny cursed and scuffed the ground with his calloused foot. “You’re an odd guy, de Boek,” he said. “You’re a fugitive yourself. What you did was to run away from the world and hide here. You go around carry- ing that neat little belly of yours and talking about some- thing that doesn’t exist. What you call ‘peace’ >s just well-fed complacency. “A guy without shoes, a guy without food and in prison doesn’t—and can’t—enjoy peace. To get it, they’ve got to fight for it, and me, I’m going to help them. Now give me a couple of minutes alone with Grelda, and I’ll push off.” The memory came again to Jan de Boek, of Rotter- dam in ruins, and the blond, slim girls like Grelda who had died there. Valny just didn’t get his meaning, he told himself. Valny was unaware of the essential.rottenness of those men in the prisons. Peace would be of no value to them; they were far too brutish ever to have any use of it. “Roger,” he said, “I repeat to you that you’re wrong in wanting to go. Those men are vicious swine. Others came here to work for me long before your time, and all of them proved no good.” Valny laughed at him. “Probably,” he said, “the way you fed and paid them they didn’t want to be any good. Keep quiet. I want to talk with Grelda.” A PROFOUND dismay held Jan de Boek. It made him fierce, and defiant. His sister was too lovely, too fine, he decided, to have her life shattered by such a fool as Valny. He took her by the arm, tried to pull her back from the Frenchman. “You know, Grelda,” he said, “that if this man goes now, it’s very doubtful that you’ll see him again. Tell him to stay. Impress upon him that peace is the most valuable thing in the world.” “I can’t do it,” Grelda said. “Maybe I’m wrong, but I love Roger enough to want to let him go. I know that he’d be unhappy always if he didn’t. Don’t talk any more, Jan. Just let me be for a moment or so more with him. He’s—he’s my man.” Muscles drew hard in Jan de Boek’s arms. He had a vision of the convicts straggling away from the fiery ruins of their former prisons. They would be wild with killing, drunk with all the rum of Saint Laurent. But there was only one place where they could satisfy their hunger of years, and that was Dutch Guiana. They’d cross the river at Albina. After Albina had fallen to them and been ravaged, they would come on, to Paramaribo, for more food, for more liquor, loot and women. Freed, they would be a force of terrific des- truction. “I’m sorry, Valny,” he said. “I can’t let you go. And I shall shoot you if you try. You’re a man who has the ability to free those convicts. But once they were freed, they’d head straight for Dutch territory. Can’t you imag- ine what might happen to Albina and to Paramaribo? Nothing could be kept inviolate from them. So give up the idea. Stay here.” Roger Valny looked quietly at the revolver de Boek had brought out into his hand. Then he gave Grelda a little shove. “The-man of peace,” he said, “wants to be sure that his belly is kept full. Stand back. I’m not a peaceful man, and I’m for all the people with empty bellies.” He closed the space between him and Jan de Boek in a pair of strides. He laughed at Jan de Boek and he cursed him. “You won’t shoot,” he said. “You’re not10 ARGOSY the kind. Watch—I’m going to slap your face. Right now.” He slapped Jan de Boek’s face hard, almost knocked the man to his knees. A groaning sound came from de Boek. The revolver dropped to the ground and de Boek ran his fingers over his face. Then he hit with both hands at Valny. Some of the Djuka workers from the mill ran up the slope to watch the fight. Grelda kept them back in a semi-circle. “It is something that must be finished,” she said in the talki-talki. “They have chosen to do it by fighting.” Roger Valny had learned his style from the old Legion- naires in the prisons. He used the quick-lifting savate blow of either foot on de Boek, and he timed it with his upper- cuts. But de Boek was stubborn, dangerous in his clumsiness. He Repeatedly charged, and one of his straight rights knocked Valny dizzy for several seconds. Then Valny came back at him, sending short hooks to the kidneys and the ribs, and de Boek’s wind began to fail. Twice, he fell down and Valny let him rise. The third time, Valny hit him as he came off his knees. “Give up,” Valny said, “or Grelda won’t know you after this.” Jan de Boek could hardly see him, or hear him. But there would be another time, he knew. There would have to be another time. He sank back on the trampled Guinea grass of the slope and lay still. “Baas all done,” he heard the Djukas say. Then he heard nothing but the cicadas. The Djukas were gone, and Valny and Grelda. He lay still for a long while, regaining his strength to stand. When he stood he looked toward the river. Grelda was on the bank, a slight, clear figure in her pale blue cotton dress. She was motionless, her shoulders bent with weeping. Out on the river, where the current swung fastest, Roger Valny sat in the stern of a corial, a paddle gripped in his hands. Valny did not look back. HI COME OF THE men in the main prison laughed, and ^ some of them cried, and some of them were going crazy. Paris had fallen, they repeated. France had been subject to Germany for months. Still, they were prisoners here in Guiana. Every day the guards came to the doors in the morning and told them to go out and work. Several times a week the commandant told them they were to be freed. Noth- ing was done. They didn’t work, and now they weren’t being fed. The last supply ship had come out from France in early June. Roger Valny kept close among the men. He had been suspected at first when he had returned from the Sur- inam and given himself up. Now, though, they were beginning to trust him, and Gros Louis and the other gang leaders, even Charles Dufrec, looked to him to get them out. While he had been away, he reflected, they had changed here. Gros Louis, the hairy, heavy Marseillais killer, was tougher than ever, and Dufrec was more quiet and reserved. Of all the men in the prison, of course, Drufec most keenly suffered confinement. His crime had been a political one, rigged against him by some of the crooked officials at home, and it was only through the present confusion that he had been allowed to leave lie Diable and come ashore to this prison. It was good to have Dufrec with him, against Gros Louis and the rest of the tough and dangerous men. Drufec believed in the cause of General de Gaulle, and that was why he wanted to escape. But the element rep- resented -by Gros Louis dreamed of escape as a path to mad and total pillage. There had been more than a little truth, Valny decided, in what Jan de Boek had said about these men. There would be trouble here. But, despite that, it was impossible to hold them from escape. The despair and the hatred of the men were gathering their final, awful proportions. His job, and Drufec’s, was to lead them right once they got out of here. “We must have a plan soon,” he told Gros Louis, “and it must be good.” “That scratches my back, that,” Gros Louis said. “Give us a plan, then. You say you only came back in here to spring us. So, prove it.” He made one of his marvelously swift gestures, and his evil little spoon knife slid into his hand. Roger Valny smiled at him over Dufrec’s bowed head. He was unafraid of Gros Louis; the Marseillais needed him. “All right,” Valny said. “Dufrec and I will get you out.” “Why Dufrec?” Dufrec looked up, his lithe body tense. “You know why,” he said. “Not counting Valny, I’m the only one here with any real brains.” Gros Louis said a filthy word. “You’re right,” h% said. “But you, Valny, you do the talking. I don’t know about this other guy; he still thinks France is a good country.” “We begin by having the men in the hospitals kick to the governor,” Valny said. “There’s no more medicine for those lads. And there’s not sufficient supplies for any- body in all this place. The sick protest first; they ask for a ship to be sent from Belem, or from Paramaribo to bring stuff here.” “The governor wouldn’t allow it,” Gros Louis said. “He’s smart enough to know we’d make a break for any ship that came in now. Do better, you.” “I will,” Valny said. “I’m not through. Of course the governor won’t call for any ship to put in here. So we kick again—in protest of the treatment of the sick. We ask for a hearing before the commandant, here at St. Laurent.” “He won’t give that either,” Dufrec said. “Why should he, after all?” “He’ll have to give something like it,” Valny said. “At least, he’ll be forced to call us all out in the main square and make some sort of explanation. Then we jump.” UTTOW? WHERE?” Gros Louis’s breathing was harsh through his flattened nose, and his fingers turned the knife over and over. “The guards have still got their carbines and pistols, and those who haven’t run away are the tough ones.” “We’ll use real organization,” Roger Valny said. “You and I and Dufrec will figure out the way it wUl be worked. We can appoint a special group to handle each guard. You, for instance, can be in charge of the group to get Fourbeil.” “Fourbeil. . .” The name was whispered by Gros Louis. “He whipped me all one night when I was in the stocks in the blockhouse. But I want Judique. He stole myFUGITIVES TWO 11 money from me, just before I was all set for an escape. Wait; let me call the others.” Charles Dufrec made a little sign to Valny as the Marseillais went away to call the other gangster leaders. “Do you know what you’re chancing, man?” he asked in a low voice. “I know very well,” Valny said. “But it can’t be helped. We have to use these brutes to free the honest and deserv- ing lot. But stick with me, will you? I’ll have great need for you later.” “Anything to get out of here,” Dufrec said. “I must return to France, or reach de Gaulle’s forces in Africa. When I think of the Germans holding our lovely country, I almost lose my mind. . . They were terrible, those other convict leaders. They had the sure, soft walk of animals. One of the old-timers, Chical, was tattooed in obscene designs from brow to chin. His huge hands closed as he listened to Valny. “I’ll smash the guy,” he mumbled, “who doesn’t let me have Fourbeil. My gang will take him.” “Then Fourbeil is yours,” Valny said. “Here; I’ll make a list. The rest of you can pick your own guards.” He sat wordless and rigid while it was done. They haggled over some of the list. Once there was a fight and a man dropped to the floor with a knife-slashed shoulder. Gros Louis mocked them. “You’re fools,” he said. “Save that for the guards and the Dutchmen across the river. That’s where we’re going, isn’t it, Valny—over into Dutch Guiana?” “Yes,” Valny said, and the nerves jerked at the corners of his eyes. “I guess so.” “You better make sure,” Chical said. “We’re dying of hunger here. But the Dutchmen across the river have got bread and cheese and beer, and meat. Et puis, et puis, they’ve got fine blond women.” Valny sat as if he hadn’t heard that last sentence. But the thought it contained, the horror implicit in it, were heavy and hard in his brain. He was afraid of these men, and so was Dufrec. The convicts had been wild enough before the fall of France, but the months of starvation and brutal neglect since had made them completely un- reasoning. All they knew was that there was food to be had in Dutch Guiana. It was the nearest place, and unless they ate soon, they would die. So it was to be Dutch Guiana, the pretty little town across the river, then Paramaribo. After Paramaribo. . . He thought of Grelda, of Jan de Boek. His weary brain formed a vision of Grelda, blond and slender, try- ing to be unafraid, but ringed about by grinning men in red-striped trousers. Jan de Boek had told him he was mistaken to return here. Jan had said— He deliberately took his mind from contemplation of what Jan had said. Valny, too, as these other men here, was numb, quiver- ing with hunger. It was over a week since they had been rationed more than a pannikin apiece of rotten rice. An- other week like the last one and he’d be finished for sure. No man’s crime merited such a death. He stood, and stared into the glistening eyes of the men around him. “Send men to speak to them in the hospital,” he said. “Have them ask for a decision from the commandant by tomorrow morning. If nothing is done by tomorrow night, we demonstrate. The next day, the commandant will be forced to have us out for roll-call and one of his talks. That will be our time, and we shall know what to do.” “Agreed,” Gros Louis said. He was looking at the oihers. “You’ve heard Valny. Get started.” “Wait a second,” Charles Dufrec said. “Let’s not have any violence this time. No crimes of passion. Our pur- pose is to get out of here, away from the prisons for good.” “He’s right,” Gros Louis said to the gangsters. “Slit- ting a belly, that is easy. But we want to fill our own first, En route!” THE PRISON commandant was a former soldier and a brave man. He stood beneath his umbrella in the gray, soft-plashing rain and gravely talked to them. They stood rank on rank in silence. The rain made a faint rattling on the broad brims of their straw hats, dropped in a steady patter to the puddled ground. Their bare feet stirred. A tubercular man coughed, and from the sheet- tin roof of the prison came the wet slapping of a vulture’s wings. Roger Valny looked around him. He had reached a hypersensitive state of strain. Every detail was very vivid to him. He would never forget the waxed mus- tache of the commandant, and the way it twitched as the man talked, and the buttons of Fourbeil’s tunic. Two buttons were off of it, right at the chest, and that was the spot where Chical had promised to put his knife. Fourbeil didn’t know it, but Fourbeil wasn’t going to live another ten minutes. None of these white-uniformed men would live. But that was all right; year after year, they had deliberately'let die thousands of convicts. The commandant was almost finished. He reached nervously into his pocket and took out a cigarette and lit it. The smell of the tobacco was fresh in the moist air. Now the commandant made a motion with the hand holding the cigarette. “You men will have smokes when the ship comes in,” he said. “You will have double rations, and the sick will get everything they need. But the ship must come from Martinique, and that is a distance from here. I take my orders from France, from Vichy, and there is nothing else I can do. Nothing but—” “Nothing but run, you swine!” The man who yelled that was the Moroccan who had been chosen to kill the commandant. He had his knife out and he flipped it as he yelled. It was a native Mor- occan knife, heavy in the haft and long in the blade; he had kept it buried in the dirt floor of the prisons. A whining sound came from the blade turning in the air. The commandant heard it, and his hand lifted to- ward his throat. The knife grazed his fingers, passed fully through his throat. He fell to his knees and his helmet rolled off into a puddle. Blood entered the puddle. He twitched, and coughed, and then was dead. Roger Valny still watched the commandant. For him, the man was a symbol. Now he knew that the convicts were going to be free. He had nerved himself for this moment, and it was finished. On all sides of him the convicts were killing. Valny walked away, to the edge of the Place des Palmistes beyond the prison buildings, and waited for them to finish. He no longer felt any emotion. What happened back there was a form of exe- cution no more brutal than the guillotine that had been operated by French law. It was Charles Dufrec who came to him and told him12 ARGOSY the killing was finished, “We must go,” Dufrec said. “We here in Saint Laurent are free. But there are troops in Cayenne, and the governor will send them after us. Let’s go. The place for us is across the river.” “Yes, you’re right,” Valny said. He moved back and found Gros Louis. “On our way, Louis,” he said in a voice of command. “Get them out before the troops arrive. There’s boats enough for all of us down by the dock and the lumber yard.” Gros Louis was wild with the killing, and he panted as he talked. But he nodded in answer. “You’re a cold- headed slob who makes sense. I’ll get them out. We’ll save our fun for Albina.” BEHIND VALNY and Dufrec and Gros Louis as they walked to the river the convicts came dancing, sing- ing. Flames roared in the prisons. The convicts wore hel- mets, tunics and pistol belts taken from the guards, and Chical had the commandant’s umbrella. But they were still stunned with the ease of their victory. In the rear of the crowd were mumbling, vague men who had been prisoners here for thirty and forty years. Roger Valny squatted down on the planks of the dock at the river. His head was painfully throbbing, and he put his hands to it. You’ve unloosed forces far greater than you reckoned, he told himself. It must have been this way in Paris after the Bastille. They’re a lot'of fine men here, but their sole dominating emotion as a group is hate. “Look across the river,” Dufrec said beside him. A neat white launch was putting out from the Dutch shore. A big Dutch ensign hung on the stern staff. Officers aijd soldiers sat in close rows along the gun- wales. Halfway across it slowed and lay with its head against the current. An officer standing in the stern shouted through a megaphone: “This is to give you warning, Frenchmen. No convict can cross the river. If he does, he will be shot on sight. Stay where you are!” “Stay and starve?” Chical screamed. He fired stand- ing wide-legged, the carbine butt hidden by the broad curve of his shoulders. The Dutch officer fell splashing into the river, and the launch turned fast and went back. A machine gun started aboard it. Men on the dock were caught in scores. The rest sprawled and cursed, then hunched toward the boats. “We’ll get them,” they said. “We’ll get the Dutch- men, just like we got the guards. . . .” Once, crossing the river, Dufrec whispered to Valny, “It will be very bad in Albina. They’ll be terrible there.” “I know,” Valny said. He could feel the cold beads of sweat from his fear running down his throat. “Will you try to help me stop them, make them act like decent men?” “I’ll do my best,” Dufrec said. “But we no longer lead them. They’re led by hate.” IV IT WAS jan de Boek’s belief that he possessed full con- trol of himself and his emotions. He must keep it, he told himself, so that Grelda wouldn’t recognize how great his fear was. Of course he was forced to take her with him on this trip down-river to Paramaribo, but she had seemed to accept in good faith his explanation that he was going to see the governor-general about affairs concerning the operation of the saw-mill. He should remember to speak of the saw-mill when he first talked with the man. The governor-general wore his medals and a fixed smile. His wife took Grelda over into a corner and served her tea. Then he said, “Good to see you, de Boek. We need men like you. I suppose that you’re ready to fight?” “What’s happened, Excellency?” Jan de Boek said. “That horde of rats from the French prisons, about fifteen thousand of them, have crossed the Maroni. They occupied Albina and are pillaging the place. We ex- pect that at any time they’ll start here for us, at Para- maribo.” Jan de Boek had unconsciously taken the position of a soldier, his heels together, his hands flat at his sides. “I should like to see the peace kept,” he said. “Impossible,” the governor-general said, “without fighting. I recall that you were an officer in the Nether- lands forces in the last war. Now consider yourself as holding the rank of captain in the local landswehr. I’ll have my secretary make out your commission directly, and you can get a uniform to fit you down at the Chinaman’s. Then you will join one of the units going to Albina.” Jan de Boek had caught sight of himself in one of the wall mirrors. He recognized the soldierly posture he held, and he was tempted to laugh, or to weep. Where’s your dream of peace now, de Boek? he thought. It’s gone, and probably forever. You should have known that when Rotterdam was bombed. A man can only keep peace by fighting for it. You were just what Valny called you—a fugitive from life up there on the Surinam. Fight, or you’ll lose everything, even your life. “Very good, Excellency,” he said. “I accept, and thank you.” Then he went over to Grelda, took her away from the governor-general’s wife. “I’m joining the troops who’re to defend the road between here and Albina,” he said. “The French convicts have broken loose from the prisons, have crossed the Maroni River. Your—that man, Valny, must be with them.” “You’re sure?” Grelda said. “That was the sole purpose he had when he left us. But I hope I have the pleasure of shooting him.' I’ll show him the worth of anarchy and pillage.” Grelda’s eyes widened. “You’ve changed a great deal and very fast, Jan,” she said. “You’re fighting for what you believe, and I can understand why. But so is Roger. All men have a right to peace and to happiness.” “Wait,” he told her, “until you hear what Valny’s lot have done to the people of Albina. Now, goodbye, good luck. After I’m gone, you had better get yourself a pistol. It’s quite possible the convicts may come here.” “No, Jan!” she said, her throat muscles trembling. “Yes,” he said, and strode swiftly out of the room. Down at the barracks, the colonel in command told him there were four hundred men available to defend the colony. “So be careful, de Boek,” the colonel said. “This outfit I’m giving you should fight a rear-guard action covering the troops now in retreat from Albina. Our last stand will be here on this river, across from the town, on the east bank of the Surinam. If we can’t hold then, the whole colony goes. Be careful with yourself, and your troops.” “Just as you say,” Jan de Boek said. He was tighteningFUGITIVES TWO 13 his pistol belt about his new tunic, trying the balance of the pistol. “When do I start?” “Right away,” the colonel said. “The road is still open within three kilometers of Albina.” T\E BOEK marched his company fast on the narrow -^jungle road. It was strange to be in uniform again, and to have a pistol heavy against his thigh. The peace he had worked so hard to get hadn’t lasted, and perhaps it would never return. But the years he had held of it had been good, and now if he felt, hatred of Valny and bis lot it was only because they meant further violence, bloodshed and destruction. Flames were against the sky over Albina. His ser- geant came back and reported to him that the Dutch holding troops were right ahead in the cane fields on either side.	\ “They’ve had a tough time,” the sergeant added. “The French rascals have made three attacks since noon and if it wasn’t for the machine guns, our bunch would ha’ been knocked out.” “All right,” Jan de Boek said. “Deploy the column as squads to join the troops in the fields. Report to me at the commander’s post. I’ll be up there with him.” The commander was a young captain of marines re- cently transferred from Curacao. He was very glad to see Jan de Boek. “They’ve smashed hell out of the town,” he said. “All sorts of terrible things are going on. But they can fight, believe me. Take a look at the dead.” Single corpses, knots and heaps of men in red-striped cotton pants lay out upon the road and in the trampled cane. They were the French from the prisons, but near them were Dutch dead in glossy straw helmets and gray uniforms. The whole scene xwas lit by the fires from the town, and de Boek could distinguish individual faces and bodies. Roger Valny wasn’t there, he discovered. Then Valny was in the town. Screams of men and women, drunken yells and shots came from the town. The church steeple fell in a crashing billow of sparks. A woman ran out onto the road, and she was shot; she stumbled over dead. His fingers were sweaty as de Boek secured his pistol lanyard about his wrist. He had just decided that he was going to get up and go into Albina and find Valny. He was off his knees, nearly erect when the marine cap- tain tapped his shoulder. “Don’t move,” the marine said. “Here comes one of them, drunk or crazy. But whatever he is, he’s walk- ing upright and straight in the middle of the road.” A machine-gunner at the edge of the cane grunted and set his sights. “I’ll dump him quick,” he said. “Just as quick as they shot that woman.” “No, you won’t,” Jan de Boek said. “You’ll save your ammunition. I know that man, and he’s the leader of the convicts. Leave him for me.” He walked with care between the piles of the dead. His pistol hung loose from the lanyard and banged against his side. He was not aware of it. He was watching Roger Valny. The Frenchmen was unarmed; his hands were empty. Jan de Boek lifted the pistol and aimed it. The flicker- ing carmine diffusion of the flames was behind Valny, but Some of it illuminated his face. The Frenchman showed no fear. He was aware of this pistol, and that it was trained on his heart, yet he kept coming on. “Halt, or I’ll shoot, Valny!” Jan de Boek called. “What do you want?” “I want to talk about peace with you,” Valny said in a slow, odd voice. “But if you think it would help you, go ahead, and shoot.” Jan de Boek lowered the pistol. He stood immobile as Valny stumbled toward him through the heaps of the dead. THIS WAS VICTORY, the convicts shouted. They were free from the prisons, and now they had taken Albina. Food was theirs—food, rum and women. They ran past Roger Valny and Dufrec with torches, setting fire to the huts in the outskirts of the town, and then started for the main square. There was no stopping them. Valny felt a sense of horror that almost overpowered him. He called to the men he knew by name, asked them to halt and listen to him. But they laughed at him, their faces ruddy and wild in the firelight. Some of them roasted chickens and pigs right in the flames of the blaz- ing houses. Others rolled kegs of rum down the street, crashed the necks from bottles and drank from the jagged ends. “We’ve created anarchy,” Dufrec muttered, “not free- dom.” “I hoped that when they were free they would become decent, and peaceful,” Valny said. “But they’re acting as brutes, without reason. It’s a kind of madness that’s got them. I—I want to run away and leave them. I feel responsible for what they’re doing.” “You shouldn’t,” Dufrec said. “You can’t take the blame for a prison system that’s a hundred years old. And they would’ve escaped sooner or later, whether you and I helped them, or not. But we should try to stop this if we can.” Gros Louis led the sacking of the houses in the middle of the town. The convicts appeared carrying pieces of furniture, wearing men’s hats and women’s dresses. Gros Louis grabbed a pretty mulatto girl in his arms. “Collect all the women!” he howled. “Bring them in front of the church, and then we’ll divide them.” Dufrec’s narrow face convulsed. “I used to be proud to be a Frenchman,” he said. “My dream in prison was to go back and fight for a free France. Might as well start here, though, and now.” Dufrec went at a kind of loping run to Gros Louis. He pulled the girl away from the gangster. “Cut it out, Louis,” he said. “Give the folks a chance. They haven’t done anything to us.” Gros Louis grinned. “So we’re still to be told what we can do, hein? Chical, take care of this one. His con- science hurts him.” The old, tattooed convict was right behind Dufrec. He took a sliding stride and his little knife licked up, caught between the shoulder blades. Dufrec went down silently, his arms flung wide to protect the. girl. “Chical,” Roger Valny said in a cold, swift voice. “Chical, turn around and face me.” Chical turned with the bloody knife, and when he was fully around Valny shot him with the guard’s pistol he carried. “I will shoot all of you who murder,” he called to them in the square. “You’re next if you try anything, Louis. The Dutch troops are outside the town on the Paramaribo road. Unless we chase them back, they’ll14 ARGOSY be in here and capture the whole'fot of us. Make sense! Let’s fight them, and not ourselves.” Gros Louis stood with his weight balanced forward, his little eyes were very bright. There were two pistols in his trousers waistband, but he didn’t touch them. “Chical was my pal from the early days,” he muttered. “But we’ll square for him later. You’re right when you talk about the Dutch troopers. Come on, you swabsl Leave the girls and the rum for now. We’ve got to chase them Dutchmen away.” The convicts were foolhardy in their fury. They attacked the small Dutch force with yowled cries of warning, sprint- ing openly down the road. The Dutch had been in retreat. But they stopped and set up their few light machine guns, stubbornly held their positions. Roger Valny took part in the attacks. Perhaps, he thought dully, he could find death there in the Dutch bullets. How could he face Grelda now? How could he face any decent person? But he fell with fatigue in the road. His legs gave under him, and at last he crawled to the ditch at the side, sprawled down headmost. The shooting ceased. The wounded out in the cane fields were still. Back in the town, there were screams, shouts, shots. Night came, and the dark was heavy with smoky flame. Valny* fingered the pistol, thinking of shooting himself. “But you’re stupid,” he told himself aloud. “Why do that? You’d still be a fugitive, still he running away from life, if you washed out like that. You’ve got reason to live. The job for you is go and get the Dutchmen to bring peace and order in the town.” The idea was so strange to him that he laughed at it. But it persisted in his mind. It was a good idea, he knew. It was right. There were good men among the convicts, men like Dufrec and like himself. They wouldn’t be really free, though, until Gros Louis’s sort, the anarchistic, sav- age killers, had been disciplined or exterminated. Free- dom by itself wasn’t any good. It was how you used it. He got up finally and walked along the road towards the Dutch positions. He left the pistol in the ditch so that when the Dutchmen saw him they would know he was unarmed. V TTE HEARD Jan de Boek as if in a dream. But it was de A A Boek all right, here a couple of hundred feet in front of him. He spoke in answer to the man’s challenge without fear or hesitation. If anybody should understand, he thought, this was the man. “What do you mean, peace?” de Boek said. “I mean that the men back there in the town who are deserving should be saved. A lot of them are good. They have a right to live freely and decently, just as you did, up on the Surinam.” Jan de Boek stared at him. “Something terrific must happened to you,” he said, “when you returned to the prisons. You don’t talk like the same man. Up on the Surinam, you insisted that all men should be free.” “They should be, but they should understand the worth of freedom. A lot of the men who were in the prisons have lost the ability to do that.” “How would you make them understand?” “I don’t know. That’s why I’ve come here, to talk to you about peace. But what are you doing in uniform?” “A good question,” Jan de Boek said. “You forced me to fight up on the Surinam, so I was willing to fight again here. I lost some of my sense of values, I guess. I got so I hated you, and failed to realize any man should have freedom if he really respects it.” Bullets hammered and hummed down the road. They were from the town, and the men who fired them were crawling out into the cane. Jan de Boek crouched and hauled Valny with him. “They’re determined to go on,” he said. “Now they’re headed for Paramaribo, and we here are too weak to stop them.” “There’s no way to stop them?” Valny said. “Yes,” de Boek slowly said, “there’s a way, but you’re the only man who can do it. You remember Moano Yasu- ko, the old Granman of the Djuka clans. You met him at my place. If you can reach him, and if he agrees to do what I ask him in my message, we’ll be saved here—at least the women and children in Paramaribo will.” “You must be thinking of asking him to bring his war- riors down-river as help.” “I am.” “But why send me to him?” “Simply because there’s nobody else to go. I’ll have to stay here with the troops. The Djukas along the river won’t permit any other Dutchman but me to get to Moa- no’s village on the Pikien Rio. “You can, though, especially when you’re carrying a sign message from me. I’ll send you back to Paramaribo under guard. Grelda is there. She’ll find the right canoe- men for you, arrange it so that the governor-general lets you go.” Roger Valny smiled, and held 'out his hand. “Tell me how far it is,” he said, “to the Pikien Rio and Moano’s vil- lage.” “At least ten days up-river, fast time, and four back, with expert canoe-work all the way. Will you go for me, for us?” “I’ve already given you my hand,” Roger Valny said. “Call the guard, so that I can get started.” rPHE canoe-boys, big, breech-clouted Djukas, waited on the river bank beyond the governor-general’s house in Paramaribo. Grelda introduced them by name to Valny. “They’re good boys,” she said. “They’ll take you to the Pikien Rio.” Roger Valny stepped close and took her in his arms. “I’ll be back,” he said. “I’ll bring the warriors. But take c'^e of yourself, will you?” “Of course,” she said, and kissed him. “But I’m not worried. Jan’s lot can keep the Albina road closed for an- other ten days at least. The governor-general says so him- self. And by then you and the warriors will be here ” “Sure,” Valny said, then kissed her again and stepped down into the canoe. The black men were ready; their pad- dles sent the water whirling. Roger Valny dreamed a lot during those days on the river. It kept him from thinking of what happened along the Albina road, and what might happen in Paramaribo if he failed here. He projected himself forward into the fu- ture, thinking of the days of the peace, when he would be with Grelda and there would be no terrific, aching worry always in the back of his brain. The canoe-men paddled throughout all the daylight hours, and most of the night. This was their river, andFUGITIVES TWO IS they were certain of their knowledge of it. But several times in the night the narrow-hulled corial was overturned in the rapids, men and paddles hurled far downstream. Valny helped save one of the paddlers, dragged the man off a rock and swam with him to the shore. “Bail out,” he told the others. “Get fresh torches. We keep on going.” “Baas is a hard man,” the Negroes said. “I have to be,” he said. “I have to get back, down- river.” There were carved panels and a beautiful, delicately worked lintel on the door of the house where Moano Yasu- ko brought together the clan elders in the village on the Pikien Rio. The talk they held was called krutu, and it meant many hours of solemn discussion and deliberate talk. Roger Valny thought repeatedly that he’d be unable to restrain himself through it. But at last the oldest, slowest warrior had spoken, and had received Moano Yasuko’s reply. Moano Yasuko turned: “We have decided to give help to the people down-river, Frenchman. The word is going out right away, and several thousand of our warriors will be called. They will return to Paramaribo with you. Peace should be kept, the krutu has said, and in the past, for many years, we have held peace with the Dutch. So now we feel ready to help pro- tect them.” “I thank you for myself,” Roger Valny said seriously, “and for Baas de Goek and all the Dutch folk. You won’t regret your decision. But you’re going down-river with us, Granman?” “No,” Moano Yasuka said. “I’m too old for fighting. This is the place for me. Only when there is peace again will I come down-river. Get ready now. My warriors from this village are ready, and the rest will join you on the stream. Give my best to Baas de Boek. He is a good man.” Water whirled white, sullen and swift over the canoes in the rapids going back. Rocks showed jagged black, and great, sunken logs were jammed between the rocks. The canoe-men labored until they panted. Their arm muscles cramped, and the thick necks bent with fatigue. But the canoes kept on, one after the other, through the rapids, down the long, smooth reaches of the open water under the close-branched tree vaults, and then around the great falls. The last of those was the Manadam, and there they portaged, the older men carrying the weapons, the spears, the shotguns and machetes. “It’s the fourteenth day,” Valny told them as they passed him on the trail. “The fourteenth day since I left the town. Maybe the Dutch are already whipped. Maybe we’ll enter a captive town. Hurry; hear me?” “We hear you,” they said. “Yet we can go no faster ” His anxiety became so acute that he could think of nothing else. He counted the hours, then the minutes. His strained imagination saw the convicts yowling around the smoking ruins of the governor-general’s palace, slouched drunk before the statue of Queen Wilhelmina on the neat grass of the square while Gros Louis told them how they would divide the women. The women. . . Grelda was one of the women. Grelda trusted him to save her and the rest... The keen eyes of the Negroes discovered that the town was still safe. His bow paddler told Valny that. “Upatant,” Valny said. “Where, then, are the men who fight?” “Across the river, on the east bank,” the paddler said. “There the Dutch hold, and the men from the prisons are in front of them in the bush. Hear the quick little guns?” The machine guns hacked in hard bursts. Rifle fire gave a lower sound, and it was much more frequent than the machine-gun bursts. They’ve used up almost all their ammunition for those guns, Valny thought. It must have been quite a rear-guard action, from Albina. He scrambled up the bank from the canoe, ducked flat into the palmetto scrub as a bullet whickered over his head. Dutch landswehr in varnished caps were around him. They looked spent, frightened, and their sergeant did no more than wave his hand. “Over there,” he told Valny. VI JAN DE BOEK had the appearance of an old man. His bloodshot eyes constantly blinked, and it was impos- sible for him to keep his hands still. “You’ve done very well,” he said to Valny. “We’re all very grateful to you. It was hell getting back from Albina. They fought us every foot—charged right into our machine guns. “But we’ve got a trap ready for them now. This terrain before us is mined. I had dynamite brought over from Parmaribo. The next time they attack, they go right into it. Then we and the Djukas will finish them, every one.” Valny shook his head. “For a man of peace,” he said, •“you certainly believe a lot in killing. It’d be a mistake to use those mines. Then a lot of good men would lose their lives for no real reason. I think I can go out there, make a deal with them. The honest, decent bunch will listen to me. They’ll surrender if I can offer them square terms.” “You weren’t in the retreat from Albina,” Jan de Boek said. “Our lads were picked off right and left. Our wound- ed were tortured when they were captured. Don’t try to go out there. You’ll be shot if you do.” Roger Valny was up on his feet. “If I don’t come back,” he said, “tell Grelda I did what I thought was right. Tell her a man has to have a chance to live, right or wrong.” De Boek called at him and cursed him. But after a time he was still. Valny had become a man unknown to him. It made him feel ashamed, and stupid, without purpose. Valny really believed in peace and justice, he recognized, and his own set of values was no longer clear. GROS LOUIS was the man who met Valny. “I told them not to plug you,” Gros Louis said. “You can tell us how to take the town. The way you came over here, you know the way through those land mines. But where you been, making love to your Dutch sweetheart?” “No,” Valny said. “I’ve been up-river, collecting more than two thousand Djuka warriors who can kick the heads off you the first time they try. But there’s no sense in that. I’m here to make a deal with you guys. Quit the fighting and the Dijtch will treat you well. If you’re willing to put down your arms, I’ll go back and tell the governor, make a deal for you.” “You talk slick,” Gros Louis said. “Your idea is to keep us out of the town. But I’ll take your girl for my- self. I’ll show her how a Marseillais makes love.” Roger Valny took his glance from Gros Louis and looked at the other convicts hunkered in the shallow rifle pits. “Not all of you,” he said, “are as stupid as Louis. Some16 ARGOSY of you know that to live right a man has to obey law and justice. But you went crazy at Albina. You all acted like Louis. “Here’s your last chance to go straight. Give me your promise to go straight, and I think I can make a deal with the Dutch for you. If you don’t, there’s a bunch of Dju- kas waiting, all set to bust you wide.” The convicts stared at the tall Djukas where they showed chest-high in the Guinea grass, their weapons lifted in their hands. “Call over the head guys from the Djukas,” they said. “Those are the bunch to worry us, not the Dutch.” About twenty of the blacks came forward when Valny called, the chief-men of their clans and villages. They moved with caution, their faces resolute and thoughtful. The oldest of them asked Valny, “We fight?” “No,” Valny said. “Not unless we’re forced. Some of these men are good. They want to stop fighting, and then want peace. Could they get it, up on the Pikien Rio?” “Possible,” the Djuka said. “Moano Yasuko could find land for them, if they acted like honest men.” Roger Valny told them to the convicts. “These are the chief-men,” he said. “They say they’re sure the Granman would find a place for you, safe on the upper river, if you dealt on the square.” “You talk,” Gros Louis said, “like a guy who’s sold out. How much are the Dutchmen paying you? Come on, you slobs. Let’s bowl these blacks down, then ram through to the town.” “Not yet, you don’t,” Roger Valny said, “What you want isn’t what the.rest want.” Gros Louis struck at him without further speech. He knocked him to his knees and kicked him in the face. Valny got painfully erect. He had forgotten how tired he was, what those days on the river had taken out of him. But he had to fight now. If he didn’t fight, Gros Louis would kill him. \ ... ■ TJE AND Gros Louis staggered back and forth across the space left open for them by the convicts and the Djukas. This had at once become clearly a fight for su- premacy, and it would settle the whole issue. Gros Louis talked about it as he fought. “When I’m through with you,” he said, “I’ll take your head and hang it on the fence at the governor-general’s joint. Then I’ll have your girl serve me dinner off the governor’s best silver. So fight. Let’s see your stuff.” Roger Valny fought with all he had. He cut at Gros Louis with short, crafty blows, striking, for the low-slung jaw and the broken nose. But the Marseillais was very powerful, and quite fast. Blood streaked Valny’s face and got into his eyes. It was just by luck that he caught Gros Louis off balance, and then his blow was glancing. Gros Louis rose up rapidly from it. His knife was out, and he raked the evil, short blade in at Valny’s groin. Valny took the stroke turning away, and on his left thigh. But the pain was so intense that he dropped prone, weak and helpless. “Get up,” Gros Louis said. “I’ll finish you on your feet.” “No,” Jan de Boek said. “He won’t get up.” De Boek had forced in past the Djukas to face Gros Louis. “I’m his friend, and I believe in the same thing he does. Work on me, and let him be.” “Un type de drole,” Gros Louis said. “A Dutchman with guts. Well, I’ll carve them out of you.” He went after de Boek with the knife, laughing, talking all the time. De Boek retreated before him, his hand away from his holstered pistol. But then, as Gros Louis got close to him, he made a sudden gesture toward it. Gros Louis stepped in, swinging the knife. Jan de Boek kicked him on the knee cap, and he wore thick Dutch garrison boots. Gros Louis lay on the ground and writhed. “I’ll carve you,” he mumbled. “You cheese-head, I’ll carve you apart.” “Drop the knife,” de Boek told him. “If you don’t, I will be forced to shoot you.” Gros Louis still held the knife. He raised up part way to throw it at de Boek. Then de Boek took out the pistol and shot him through the head. A couple of the convicts and one of the Djuka chief- men helped de Boek as he ripped away Roger Valny’s trouser leg and put a tourniquet on his thigh. “Wait until you get to Paramaribo and have a drink of brandy and see Grelda,” de Boek said. “Then this won’t matter.” “It doesn’t matter now,” Valny said. “But I won’t be happy until all the boys are up-river, and finally at peace.” They went in hundreds of canoes up the Surinam, Frenchmen and Djukas in each canoe. There wasn’t much for them to eat, and the Frenchmen kept very quiet, not fully sure yet that this was freedom, and the road to peace. But when they camped the night after they made the por- tage around the Manadam falls, Roger Valny asked to be carried out beside the main cooking fire. He motioned with his hand and brought all of the Frenchmen around him. “I want you to sing,” he said. “I miss her, the girl I left waiting down below for me.” “You know a song she would like?” they asked him. “Go talk to the Dutchman, to de Boek,” Valny said. “He’s her brother.” De Boek came to sit at Valny’s side as the Frenchmen grouped to sing. A man who had served in the Foreign Legion led the singing. It was a German song he sang, be- cause he knew no Dutch. It was Heilige Nacht. Attack on America! The Dramatic Story of a Tomorrow That We Pray Will Never Come DESTROYER! By Steve Fisher /• /■ > Beginning in the April 12 ArgosyBy Roy de S. Horn Author of “Archers to the Front!”, “The Flight of the Guns,” etc. The end ol the dugout was caught by the steamboat's bow. The little boat careened and rolled over It took mountain men, afraid of nothing, to open up that vastly rich territory fed by the brown and turbulent Missouri. Here is the saga of two such men and a steamboat, and their pioneering thrust against those murderous waters Roll, Missouri CHAPTER I RIVER OF MALICE LIKE a sullen, snarling tiger the swollen Missouri clawed at its banks, hurled its tawny flood down- ward. Its surface was cluttered with rolling cot- tonwood logs, bobbing stumps, even whole walnut trees bodily uprooted by the roaring April freshets. Any one of those sodden snags would have ripped the bottom out of the light canoe like paper. Yet it twisted and darted among them unharmed as by a miracle. The miracle lay only in the deft paddles of the broad-shoul- dered, thin-waisted young man in the stern and the lankier, grizzled man in the bow. This canoe was dug out of a solid log, its sides smooth- whittled to less than an eight of an inch of thickness. Equally gaunt were the paddlers; even their buckskins worn almost to shreds—mute testimony of the terrific miles that lay behind. Yet still Garry Kent, glancing anxiously ahead as he dipped his paddle at the stern, called for more speed. “Faster, Nick Sandy MacLeod said not later than the twentieth. Not later than the twentieth! You’re sure today is just the nineteenth?” “Today’s the nineteenth, ain’t it?” Nick Kelso’s lips 1718 ARGOSY curled under his grizzled beard. He swung his paddle. “We made it. Ain’t nobody passed us yet; an’ nobody likely to, unless it’s that six-paddle canoe cornin’ up over yonder.” The older mountain man chuckled as he flipped his paddle spray back to their quarter. “An’ she’s a Comp’ny express, ’less I’m mistook.” The overtaking craft—a long, slender dugout with six paddlers and a helmsman—was undoubtedly one of the Fur Company’s express canoes, especially built for speed- ing important messages to the Company’s wide-scattered posts. Its six paddles flashing to the helmsman’s chant, it came on with white water curling under its bow. Unconsciously Garry Kent began to dip his own paddle deeper, faster. Nick Kelso gave a grunt. “Gotta make a race out of it, huh? Well, let’s show ’em b’ar-steaks an’ jerky makes better muscle than sweetened grub an’ trad- in’-post whisky!” Under the renewed impetus the light canoe leaped for- ward. The Company express could no longer gain a single inch. Garry glanced over his shoulder with satisfaction. “One of the upper Missouri expresses. I’d swear I’ve seen that big, dark steersman somewhere before.” Nick likewise stole a glance. “Big Joe Chastain, boss cap- tain of all the upriver fur brigades. Must be somethin' important to bring Sandy MacLeod’s right-hand man ’way down here on an or’nery express!” 'T'HE two craft were nearing the bend, rounding it; and despite its six paddles the larger boat began to drop back. Nick Kelso let out a whoop, waving his paddle in triumph. Across the stretch of muddy Missouri from the defeated boat came a loud curse, half-French, half-English. “Can’t take a lickin’, huh? Always knowed there was a thin streak somewhere in that brigade boss.” Nick Kelso snorted contemptuously, faced ahead—and held his pad- dle frozen in sheer amazement. “Lordamighty! What is it—the ocean?”'' Rounding the bend, they had come to the junction of two mighty rivers. Where the muddier water of the Missouri met the clearer Mississippi there was a line of cleavage almost as bold as a painted mark. And along that mark bobbed countless drifting logs marshaled here by the eddies of the meeting currents. Garry Kent too held his paddle in the awe that the sight never failed to force upon him. So fascinated were they that they gave little heed to the driftwood around them or to the Company express be- hind. It was only when a great gnarled limb rose before them and then splatted heavily, that Nick Kelso came belatedly out of his trance. “Cottonwood! Swing left—swing left hard,” he yelled. Garry Kent dipped his paddle, glanced hurriedly around. And then his yell was even louder than Kelso’s. “Behind! Look out behind!” There, not thirty feet away and coming up at rushing speed, was the express, its sharp bow pointed straight at the smaller canoe, its helmsman’s dark face grinning ex- ultantly as he held his steering paddle deep. Even as he had shouted, Nick Kelso had thrust deep, put his whole weight and strength into his stroke. The paddle bent, quivered and broke with a loud crack. The light canoe, now unbalanced with only its stern paddle working, swung around, swept almost broadside down toward where the forked cottonwood was again roll- ing its limbs high. Those limbs seemed to reach for them. Pinched between those forks and that onrushing bow, the little canoe would have splintered like matchwood. Nick Kelso cursed. From the rushing express came a mocking laugh. But Garry Kent too had dipped deep. Now he backed water with the full weight of his body. As the canoe stern stopped and the bow began to swing around, he whipped his blade to the opposite side and stroked with all his might. Not around the drifting cottonwood, but straight toward it, he shot the canoe—straight toward a little space where he had noted the trunk curved just short of the forks. There was a sucking gurgle around and beneath them— the barest grating jar as they slid above and over—and then they were across and on the downstream side while the express shot around the forks and on and past. Above its paddles’ clunking came the parting jeer: “What you want, the whole river? Don’t you know Company express when you see one?” Frozen in his seat in the drifting canoe, ,Nick Kelso sat staring. Then he suddenly threw away the broken piece of ash still in his hands, grabbed in the bottom of the canoe with a roar. “Damn hog! Damn dirty, half-Canuck hog! He done it a-purpose! He done it a-purpose! ” Barely in time Garry jammed his foot down on the rifle stock, held it pinned to the bottom. “On purpose? Why should he?” “He could see that cottonwood!” snapped the old moun- tain man. “Anyway, there was plenty room for him to pass outside, wasn’t there?”	* Garry Kent did not answer. He was staring after the speeding express, a look of perplexity furrowing his brow. “Maybe—maybe that was what Sandy MacLeod—” “Talk louder! What’d ye say?” Kelso stopped cursing to listen. But Garry clamped his lips shut, shook his head. “Noth- ing. Except that if we don’t start paddling again we won’t get in before dark.” He tossed to Kelso the spare paddle \ FTER another score of miles the roofs and walls and lofty steeples of St. Louis came into sight, and Kelso stared. “Why there’s more lodges here than there is in the whole Blackfoot country!” Now, somewhat to his own amazement, Garry found himself in the midst of a number of small boats that had put out from the bank. They were all crowded, and all aboard were staring toward the south. And then Garry Kent saw the reason for it. Coming upstream was a sturdy side-wheeler, smoke belching from her stacks, flags fluttering from her staffs. By the gleam- ing white paint and gilt lettering on her paddle-boxes she was evidently fresh from her builders on the distant Ohio, and the small boats had come out to welcome her on her maiden voyage. “The Cheyenne!" Turning from her gilded name to the lettering on the flags, Garry let out an exclamation. “Why she’s a Company boat. She belongs to the American Fur Company.” Suddenly Nick Kelso’s great bellow drowned him out. “Frenchy Lenoir! It’s Frenchy Lenoir from Pierre’s Hole, or I don’t know buffalo bull from fat cow.... Hi, Frenchy! Long time no see.” It was at the nearest boat, a small dugout with twoROLL, MISSOURI 19 men, that he was looking, and not at the steamer. At his bellow the black-haired, black-bearded giant in the stern looked over. “Nom de dieu, if it ain’ ol’ Neek!” xHe grinned back. “W’ot you do here, Neek? Come see new Comp’ny boat, non?” “Come to see somebody chaw the ears off yuh an’ stomp the ree-mains!” retorted Nick. “Yuh ain’t boss o’ the Missouri no more. There’s another young fella that’s holdin’ the title now. Won it last Christmas shindig at Pierre’s Hole, ag’in all comers.” “Nother fella boss o’ the Missouri?” Lenoir scowled, held out both fists ferociously. “W’ot the name o’ this young snapper-whip? Show me to heem an’ I eat heem alive—whooj, like dat!” Kelso winked at Garry. “Name’s Kent—Garry Kent— an’ he’s shore hell on wheels. So yuh better pull in yore horns a whole lot about the Missouri, even if yuh c’n bam- boozle these here steamboat men.” T^HE other boats were scattering now, opening out before J- the oncoming steamboat. With steam built up till the safety valve roared, she threshed onward, the brown water curling before her sharp bow with its overhanging landing stage. With three deft strokes Garry Kent sent the light canoe dancing clear. But Frenchy Lenoir stood upright in his dugout, al- most in the steamer’s path, shaking his clenched fist at it in defiance. “To hell weeth all steamboat! Me, Frenchy Lenoir, boss o’ the Missouri, I ask you come down off the boat an’ fight!” Garry Kent laughed—until his glance fell on the Chey- enne’s deck, forward. There, standing close beside a big red-headed man in mate’s cap, was a girl in a red jacket and white dress. Her raven hair was flying in the breeze which had wrapped her clothing so closely about her that against the sunset her young, curved figure was silhouetted like a statue. She could not have been a month over sixteen, and so close was she that Garry could see her excited face, the curve of her parted lips. Then she glanced his way and the curve became a smile that all but took his breath away. It was but a fleeting smile, for she quickly turned again to glance ahead at the bellowing Frenchman in his tiny craft. At the same time the red-headed mate let out an angry bawl: “Get outa the way, yuh damn fool!” Then all in one brief instant the smile left the girl’s face; she caught at the landing stage ropes, and gave a scream. Following her glance, Garry Kent shouted in sudden alarm. Too long had the boaster in his dugout stood, shout- ing defiance. The oncoming steamboat was a scant half- length away when he realized, dropped,down and grabbed for his paddle. Two mighty strokes he gave but they were not enough. The end of the dugout was blanked out of sight by the steamboat’s stage and flaring bow. The other end, into which both paddlers were now crowded, careened high in air. Over it rolled—once, twice—then plunged completely from sight. There was shouting, cursing, from the decks, then the thud of splintering wood as the paddle-buckets churned relentlessly on. AMOSY, MAJtCB 29. 1M1 ARRY KENT and Nick Kelso had not waited for all that. With deep-dug paddles they were hurling their own light canoe ahead, almost directly at the great wheel- boxes themselves. The curling waves from the bow and the threshing paddles tossed them, slewed them like a chip. Only the skill of an expert riverman could have kept them upright in that welter of water. But upright they remained, almost in the wake of the churning paddle- buckets when the Cheyenne had surged on and past. Splintered bits of wood, a broken paddle, bobbed up and swirled in the eddying foam. Then one black head— another—came to the surface, and thrashing arms and legs. , Nick Kelso reached out, caught one flounderer, drew him aboard. It was the Frenchman’s bow-paddler. But the other head had bobbed up, only to go down again. Garry Kent caught it just in time, by the long, flowing hair, as it came up again. Even then it took all his strength and skill, plus Nick Kelso’s, to haul the luckless Frenchman aboard without capsizing. Frenchy Lenoir seemed drowned, half dead, and there was a great swelling bruise on his forehead. But to Garry’s amazement, after a second Lenoir blinked, shiy- ered, sat u£> and spat out a mixture of curses and muddy river water. “By damn, I keel heem for dat! ” he roared, glancing at the departing steamboat that was now swinging in for her landing. “She don’ fight; she run me over!” The giant Frenchman spat out a stream of half-French, half-Indian, and glared again. Then all at once he chuckled and beat his fist on the canoe gunwale. “Good t’ing for Frenchy you be so close!” Nick Kelso chuckled too, but then his brow began to cloud. “Looks like folks down thisaway don’t have no manners a-tall. That’s twice today somebody ain’t give a damn who he run over, or tried to run over.” “Me, I ketch heem ashore I’m do something about it.” The giant Lenoir turned anxiously to Garry Kent. “You put me ashore queek, please!” But Garry Kent was already turning the canoe shore- ward with long deft sweeps of the paddle. CHAPTER II THIS MAN IS MASTER HpHE Two Rivers saloon on St. Louis’ Cherry Street boasted that there was no like place of liquid refresh- ment between the Atlantic seaboard and the Oregon coun- try. Steamboard men from the Mississippi and Ohio in their stout shoes and jeans scraped elbows with barbered city merchants and drummers. Along the west wall long-haired trappers from the mountains drank with equally long- haired keelboaters and engages from the fur posts upriver. But between mountain men and Mississippi men was an open aisle of demarcation as sharp as that between the muddy Missouri and the clearer Mississippi where first their waters meet. “Squaw men and keelboaters, bah! They wear mocca- sins because their feet get so knobby from climbing rocks that they can’t wedge ’em into civilized shoes!” “Steam tea-kettlers, hah! Git so soft settin’ ’round while niggers and en-jines do their work they can’t bite through20 ARGOSY jerky, even—they have to eat their sop with a spoon!” Sitting with Nick Kelso, Garry Kent ignored the jeers and challenges around him. He. was worried and uneasy, remembering their nearly fatal encounter with the Com- pany express boat. Big Joe Chastain had deliberately at- tempted to wreck them; he was convinced of that. But why? Was there any connection with the errand on which Sandy MacLeod had sent him three thousand miles? So far, there’d been no chance to find out. Once ashore in St. Louis settlements, Garry and Nick had gone to the American Fur Company’s headquarters and asked for Pierre Chouteau, western manager. But Chouteau had been out; and Garry was impatient.. Nick Kelso’s long nose pointed across the saloon. “If that ain’t that murderin’ half-Canuck over there, then I’m a Digger Injun!” At a table across among the steamboat men was un- doubtedly the boss captain of the Company’s up-river fur brigades. Chastain’s dark, handsome face was alight with eagerness, his black eyes flashing. He was bending over, talking rapidly to the man opposite him. And that man was the red-headed mate of the Cheyenne. “Must be matchin’ coups on the day’s run-overs!” snorted Kelso. “I’d jest like to wrap my hand in that long scalplock o’ hisn jest once!” Listening to Chastain—besides the big mate—were half a dozen other rough-garbed men who by their habits were also steamboat men. As they listened they talked among themselves, muttering, grumbling, their uneasy eyes frown- ing. Then Chastain’s glance fell upon Garry, and he nudged the red-headed mate who also glanced that way. Garry touched Nick Kelso’s arm. “Come on, let’s get out of this. There’ll be a roaring brawl any minute.” “Shore, that’s what they come here for, ain’t it?” de- manded Kelso hopefully. Garry shook his head. “I’ve got to see Pierre Chouteau, and I can’t get tangled in any saloon fight now.” Already the big red-headed mate was standing up, was turning their way. Garry’s lips began to tighten, his eyes to narrow watchfully. But before he could move, there was a bellow at the door, and it was thrown open with a rattle and bang. And Frenchy Lenoir stamped in, his buckskin still damp from its wetting, but his face already flushed from many drinks. FOR a long moment he stood there, looking the room over with a defiant eye. Then striding to the bar, he slammed down a gold piece, reached for a bottle of liquor and glasses. Not whisky glasses, but full-sized water tum- blers. He filled two almost to the brim and set them back on the bar. With his hand on one he turned to face the west side of the room. “Dat dreenk been for boss of Missouri River,” he an- nounced. “Me, Frenchy Lenoir, for long tam’ I been boss of Missouri! Any man here say I’m liar? Any man here wan’ fight, see who still boss of Missouri?” But Garry only shook his head; and it was Chastain who answered the Frenchman. “I’m hearing you’re not boss of the Missouri any more, Lenoir,” he sneered. “Another man took the title away from you, last Christmas—whipped all comers at Pierre’s Hole.” His mouth curling sardonically, he suddenly pointed his finger. “And there he is, sitting right there. Garry Kent!” At the words Frenchy Lenoir glared, whirled his big lumbering body around. His scowling eyes fell on Garry. “Hah! So you theenk you boss of Missouri now, eh? You get up, I show you plenty queek, by damn!” Sudden silence had fallen on the room. All eyes were turned on Garry. Garry could feel them, and could feel the sudden pounding in his own temples. But he slowly shook his head. “Not now, Lenoir. Some other time, maybe—the Christ- mas shindig at Pierre’s Hole. But not now.” Frenchy Lenoir looked incredulous. “You not fight?” he said. “By damn, somebody been pool my leg!” Hi* belligerent glance swept the other mountain men. “No body here wan’ give me leetle fight? Nobody here wan’ fight, see who dreenk dis whisky?” When there was, no answer except more muttering, the giant Frenchman swung around, downed the first tumbler of whisky with one gulp. “Ha! Den Frenchy Lenoir he dreenk eet!” Then he touched the other tumbler, faced toward the east side of the room. “Dis other dreenk, she been for boss of Mississippi River! Me, Frenchy Lenoir—I say I’m boss of Mississippi River too! I’m best damn man on both river! Any man here say I’m lie dere too?” The red-headed mate was easily the biggest man among those on that side, and men began to look that way. Some of the steamboat men even began to call out. “Get up an’ whip ’im, Mattoon! Stomp the damn keelboaterl Show him no mountain man c’n stand up to a steamboater!” MATTOON, the mate, was hesitant. But the shouts had turned Lenoir’s attention that way. His eyes widened, and then they fairly glared. “Why, you been damn steamboater dat run me over! But now I ketch you on land! Eef you don’ fight, I wheep you anyway, by damn!” Hemmed in by the crowded tables behind, the mate of the Cheyenne stood up. His eyes flickered from Chastain to the big Frenchman waiting. He shrugged his shoul- ders. “I’m not here long enough to be reg’lar Mississip’, but no damn mountain man can whip a steamboater!” He pushed forward, reached his hand out toward the full tumbler. Eagerly Lenoir watied for the fingers to touch the glass. “One leetle dreenk—just take one leetle dreenk!” he pleaded. But instead of lifting the glass to his lips, thg red-head suddenly whirled and dashed the stinging contents full into Lenoir’s face. And while the Frenchman pawed, half- blinded, Mattoon sprang in, sending two sledge-hammer fists full into the Frenchman’s face. As Lenoir stumbled back, blood streaming from lips and nose, a howl of anger rose from the mountain men. In spite of himself, Garry Kent half arose. “The dirty fight- er! The dirty scut!” But Nick Kelso held him down. “It ain’t over yet. Wait; it ain’t over yet.” Twice more the mate’s fists hammered home, and Frenchy Lenoir reeled back two steps more. But when Mattoon eagerly closed in, Lenoir shook himself and moved suddenly into action. But it was his feet, and not his fists, that moved. With incredible agility, as light as a cat despite his huge bulk, he sprang into air. And at the same time one huge moc- casined foot shot out, straight at the mate’s head.ROLL, MISSOURI 21 Had Lenoir been shod with heavy-heeled boots, like the eastern men, Mattoon’s jaw would have been broken, even if his neck had not been. As it was, even with the softer buckskin Mattoon was spun half around, his head twisted sideways and blood spurting from the earlobe half tom from its moorings. And with huge, hands outclutChing, like grizzly claws, Lenoir rushed in and fastened a tremendous bear-grip on his opponent. A T TOUCH of Lenoir’s arms Mattoon threw out his own, encircled the Frenchman in a similar grip. Locked and straining they stood, while their corded muscles stood out like lumps and the veins in their foreheads pulsed full and purple. Then slowly the giant Frenchman’s power told. Mattoon gave way a foot—two feet. And with a sudden rush Le- noir shoved him back into a table from which the drink- ers hastily sprang. With a splintering crash the table gave way under their weight; and amid broken planks and spilled bottles and glasses the two bodies rolled and struggled. Slowly Frenchy Lenoir worked on top. He freed one hand, caught the mate by the thick red mop of hair. “Ha! ” he panted. “You not in beeg boat now an’ me in dug- out. Now we see who boss of river.” It was at that moment that one of the other steamboat men reached out, grabbed the Frenchman’s leg, pulled him off and under, while still a third raised a deadly, broken table-leg to strike. Nick Kelso screeched. Behind him a mountain man gave the wild scream of a catamount. But it was Garry Kent who yelled the loudest, his fighting blood up and everything else forgotten in his rage and indignation. “Mount’n men! Mount’n men! Up and at ’em!” As at a signal the whole mountain side of the room rose and surged forward, to meet steamboat men who were no less willing. Garry swung at the man with the upraised table-leg, and at the same time was knocked half off his feet by a clout on the ear. He stumbled, went down amid a mass of threshing bodies. The table leg thudded down on his shoulder, numbing it. Jerking the club away with his good hand, he laid a scalp wide open with it. Then a full whisky bottle whizzed past Garry’s ear and splintered against the solid bar with a crash that would have shattered any skull. Whirling, Garry glimpsed Chas- tain, his lips twisted, his right arm still extended from the throw. With a lunge Garry came to his feet and plunged that way. Chastain twisted like a cat, however, and slipped through the crush of fighting men that was jamming the door. When Garry finally fought his way through, the fur brigade captain was nowhere in sight. But there were others in the street. From every doof and window of the Two Rivers knots of kicking, clawing com- batants were erupting, only to renew their fighting more fiercely in the open street outside. With shouts of “Moun- t’ns! Mount’ns!” and “Steam-m-boat! Steam-m-boat!” fresh partisans on both sides were running up to hurl them- selves into the fray. f'' ARRY suddenly found himself alongside Nick Kelso. ^ Nick’s left eye was swollen to match Garry’s right, and his nose was even bloodier; but his face was aglow with enjoyment. “Nice fightin’,” he panted. He grinned. Garry shook his head, wiped the dirt and sweat away. “I’m a fool, tangling in a barroom brawl when I’ve got Sandy MacLeod’s business still to do. Come on. We’ve got to find Pierre Chouteau!” Then he saw that Nick’s mouth was gaping, his eyes staring at something back of his own shoulder. “For cats’ sake,” gasped Nick. “What’s a gal like that doing down here?” Turning, Garry saw the girl of the red jacket almost within hand’s reach: the same girl he had seen with the red-headed mate on the deck of the Cheyenne. Kicking feet had splashed mud on her dress, and her eyes were staring at the riot with both fascination and horror. “Oh!” she gasped. “Oh—the brutes!” She seemed to be held in a kind of paralysis; her horror kept her motionless. “Get out of here! Haven’t you any sense?” snapped Garry, with crisp impatience. “This is steamboat row; and it’s no place for ladies.” Her face flushed. At sight of the blood and dirt on his face and torn buckskin she took a half step backward in disgust. “Don’t you talk like that to me!” she flared. Garry Kent’s own temper rose. “The least I can do, I reckon, is to take you out of here and back to your people, who ought to have more sense—” “Don’t you touch me!” She drew back, gasping. Garry was just reaching out to carry his threat into effect, however, when with a sudden yelp Nick Kelso went down, his ankle clawed from under him by one of the fighters in the rolling heap nearest. And when Garry looked, the enemy had not only rolled the surprised moun- tain man on his back, but was sitting on his chest, gouging at his mouth: and eyes with clawing talons. With one leap Garry landed on the gouging steamboat man’s neck and shoulders. He hurled him sideways, rocked him with hammering fists, and then pounded his head on the ground until the subdued steamboater groaned out a choking submission. Nick Kelso got up and calmly dusted off his buckskins. “Reckon I’ll go along with ye,” he declared. “I’ve had enough. But whereat is that baggage?” When Garry looked, there was no sight of the girl. She had evidently fled. By now that whole section of the city was in turmoil. Honest citizens were shouting: “Police! Call the police!” The clatter of hoofs came pounding over the uneven ground. "DUT it was no police that came. It was merely a two- horse carriage, its horses dancing and the wheels lurch- ing as the Negro driver lashed them right through the midst of the fray. Fighters broke apart and rolled hurriedly to safety. In the very midst of the street, the carriage stopped, and the lone figure in the carriage seat flecked the ash from his cigar and for the first time raised his voice. “Stop!” he ordered. “Stop this foolishness!” And though a hundred policemen would have had their hands full, yet at this one man’s voice the fighting stopped. For every man there knew that carriage, that man—knew that here was Pierre Chouteau. The American Fur Company—the Company—could make or break any man on the river or west of it. And Pierre Chouteau, western headquarters manager for the Company, controlled more territory than President Andrew Jackson.22 ARGOSY Now, standing up in the carriage, and holding his cigar in one hand, his gold-headed cane in the other, Pierre Chouteau looked around, and his glance fell on the red- headed mate, Mattoon, sitting on the curb and wiping his bleeding ear. “Mattoon, when the captain of one of my boats is sick, I don’t expect to find the mate drinking and fighting in a barrel-house. Gather your men and get back aboard the Cheyenne at once. Be ready to sail at daybreak.” Mattoon surlily stood up and vanished in the crowd. But from somewhere in the outskirts came the jeering an- swer. “Sail at daybreak? She won’t never sail. Not up the Missouri she won’t.” Pierre Chouteau turned as quick as a flash. “I know that’s what they’re saying, and I’d give a thousand dollars to catch the fellow who started it. But the Company’s steamer Cheyenne is sailing tomorrow at daybreak. And she’s going all the way up the Missouri to Council Bluffs and even Fort Tecumseh!” “Ag’in all them sandbars, snags, flood-chutes an’ whirl- pools?” Safe in the shadowy outskirts of the crowd, the unseen speaker jeered again. “No steamer ain’t never goin’ up the Missouri! God never meant her for no steamboat river! Else why ain’t steamboats been goin’ up her before, like up the Mississip’.” And now another heckler joined the first. “Not a heap o’ junk like the Cheyenne, noway!” For the first time Pierre Chouteau’s eyes narrowed. But his voice remained cool and level. “The Cheyenne is the staunchest-built steamboat that ever came off the ways.” He let his eyes roam over the whole crowd. “To prove what I’m saying, I’m going upriver on the Cheyenne my- self! And that isn’t all. I’ll hereby offer to take the first ten passengers that apply, all the way up and back for five dollars a head—and pay any man ten dollars for every mile he has to walk either way! Now, does that sound like the Cheyenne is unsafe?” The bold offer silenced even the hecklers. The fur man- ager pressed his advantage home. “I’ll be at the Company office until midnight to sign on any man who wants to go on the Cheyenne either as a member of the crew or as passenger.” Then he sank back onto the seat, waved his cigar at the coachman. “Drive on, Elijah.” With the crack of the coachman’s whip the horses plunged against their harness, the carriage lurched and rocked ahead at a reckless pace. Nick Kelso gazed after it with blinking eyes. “Them as wants to go c’n go. Me, I wouldn’t travel on one o’ them b’iler-bustin’ devil’s tea-kettles for fifty dollars a mile! ... Hey! Where yuh goin’?” “To see Pierre Chouteau.” Garry Kent was already settling into a rapid trot. “And we’ve got to hurry!” CHAPTER III INVITATION TO A HANGING IN THE outer office of the American Fur Company, the Creole clerk stood up to stop them. “Boat crew, or passengers?” he inquired. “This way; I’ll sign you on for either one.” But Garry Kent had seen the curl of smoke, sniffed the odor of cigar. He shoved past toward the doorway leading into the main office. “I’ve a message for Monsieur Chou- teau—personally.” Inside the large room were half a dozen desks, a huge safe, and still another door leading to a lighted private room beyond. Pushing papers into the safe pigeonholes was a gray-headed, stoop-shouldered clerk. But behind the big desk in the far corner of the room, bending over a huge map spread out on the desk-top, was Pierre Chouteau. He straightened up. “You have a message for me?” Garry nodded. “I’m Garry Kent, from the upper Sweet- water. And this is Nick Kelso. I have a private message for you from Alexander MacLeod.” “Sandy MacLeod!” Pierre Chouteau started, shot a quick glance toward the gray-haired clerk. “Step outside, Jacques.” When the old clerk had stepped out and closed the door behind him, Pierre Chouteau turned to Garry again. “An- other message? That is odd! What is it?” Unstoppering his powder horn, Garry shook out a tiny rolled paper, unrolled it and placed it in the manager’s hand. Then he stood waiting quietly. But Pierre Chouteau, when he glanced at the scrawled words, was so amazed that he unconsciously read the words aloud. “ ‘This is the man you need.’ Signed, Sandy Mac- Leod.” His eyes shot up toward Garry, black and flashing. “You got this from Sandy MacLeod? Where?” “On the upper Sweetwater, as I said. Beyond the Devil’s Gate. MacLeod was a sick man: so sick, that he could scarcely hold a pen. But he told me to put it in your hands before the twentieth at latest.” “MacLeod sick? What of?” The words were like rattljng shot. “Fever and mountain ague—though I think it was also worry that sickened him.” Garry’s words were crisp. “In his fever tossing he kept mumbling about trouble—big trouble. Too many outsiders coming in. And to tell Pierre Chouteau he must not fail.” “Outsiders!” Pierre Chouteau gripped the desk until his fingers whitened. “He said that? But nothing about the trouble—what sort of trouble?” “Nothing I could understand.” Garry shook his head. “Only mumblings. He was a very sick man then. The voyageurs were making ready to carry him back to Fort Tecumseh when I left.” /~\DDLY Pierre Chouteau’s fingers relaxed, though they were still quivering. His eyes seemed to search every inch of Garry’s face. “He gave you no other orders; told you nothing of why you must be here by the twentieth?” “Nothing except that I was to bring this message to you, and that then I was to bring you and your party back up- river.” “Guide us up-river!” Pierre Chouteau let out an ex- clamation. “You know the river then? You are a pilot?” “I have made ten trips up and down the western river, both keel-boat and canoe.” Garry shrugged his shoulders. “But no man knows God’s practice river. He builds new bars, cuts new chutes across the bends—makes it anew every flood.” Nick Kelso for the first time spoke up. “Mebbe so. But if there’s any man knaws the Missouri better’n my pardner here, I’m willin’ to swaller him whole without even greasin’ his hair!” Pierre Choteau’s eyes and ears were only for Garry, how- ever. “But two messages—two pilots! I do not under- stand. What time did you leave the Devil’s Gate?”ROLL. MISSOURI	23 “Mid-February, about. We came as fast as we could.” “Almost three thousand miles since mid-February 1” Pierre Chouteau drew an incredulous breath. “And you did all that merely because Alexander MacLeod asked you to?”	i “Why not?” Garry’s eyes widened in surprise. “Sandy MacLeod was my friend—” He broke off. Voices had sounded outside, the outer door opened. And Joe Chastain and the mate Mattoon bulged in the doorway. Chastain’s eyes flicked lightning- like, taking in the scene. Then with a quick, easy smile he advanced to the manager’s desk. “We came to tell you, Monsieur Chouteau, that the Cheyenne is all ready to sail at daybreak, with a full crew, all but the passengers. Is there anything else that you wanted attended to first?” “Yes!” Pierre Chouteau’s voice cracked like a whip. “Let me see that message you brought.” WITH a flickering glance toward Garry, the brigade captain took out a paper, laid it face up on the desk. The paper slid, a vagrant air caught its corner, twisted it about, And Garry’s keen eyes could make out every letter: Pierre Chouteau, St. Louis. It is so necessary that the Cheyenne reach Fort Te- cumseh that I am sending you for pilot my right-hand man, Joe Chastain. He is bringing you this message in person with all speed. You already know him and know that you may have full confidence in him. But trust no one else—no one! The Cheyenne must come up-river this year! Alexander MacLeod. Pierre Chouteau’s narrowed eyes inspected the note closely, then the bearer. “I know you have been MacLeod’s assistant and chief captain of the fur brigades for ten years, Chastain. But how many times have you been up or down river on keel- boats or mackinaws?” “Fifteen times and more, Monsieur Chouteau.” “Then you know the river?” Chastain held up his hand, the fingers outspread. “Like I know my own fingers! ” Garry Kent’s eyes began to glow, and Nick Kelso make a grunting noise in his throat. “If this murderin’ half- Canuck is a pilot—” But Pierre Chouteau had lifted his voice. “Jacques!” When the stoop-shouldered clerk appeared, Pierre Chou- teau held out the second message to him. “Whose signa- ture is that, Jacques?” “Monsieur MacLeod’s.” The clerk inspected it, looked up with surprise. “Why?” “And this one—whose signature is that?” Pierre Chou- teau handed over the brief scrawl that Garry had given him. The clerk looked at it a long time, then shook his head. “le ne sais pas. Alexander MacLeod’s—maybe yes, maybe no.”	, “You may go, Jacques.” Pierre Chouteau’s eyes burned with sudden light as he turned back to Chastain. “You say you know the river; but do you know this man here?” And he jerked his thumb toward Garry. Chastain’s lips curled slightly. “I know that his name is Garry Kent and that he is a trouble-maker, like all free trappers are.” His cold eyes surveyed Garry Kent. “Free trapper!” The fur company manager jumped as if a snake had bitten him. Garry Kent’s words were slow, icy. “Yes, I am a free trapper, Monsieur Chouteau, except when I deal with Sandy MacLeod who pays fair prices. But rather than deal with some of the cheating factors of the Company’s posts, I would throw my pelts into the river first.” At the hated words “free trapper”, though, Pierre Chou- teau had leaped up, his Latin temper boiling. “You sell to the Hudson’s Bay Company—you sell to Canada men —and you have the impudence to come here with your lying message? Get out!” Nick Kelso thrust his jaw forward, his grizzled beard quivering. “Don’t you call my pardner no liar. An’ we never sold to Canady. Garry brung our pelts down-river—” “I said get out!” CUDDENLY from the private room beyond the office ^ came a lilting feminine laugh. “Fie, Pierre Chouteau! You swear because I do not wait at the boat, but walk, and so happen onto a street brawl—and now you lose your temper like any brawling trapper yourself.” The gibe improved Pierre Chouteau’s temper no whit. “Hush up! Have you not caused enough worry already? Back to your hotel you go at once, as soon as I can take you there. And if you set foot out of it before the Chey- enne sails, you will not go up-river on the Cheyenne at all. I will pack you, bag and baggage, back to Boston—and tell Sandy MacLeod that he can fetch you from there him- self if he wants you.” “And fie again! You are a big, adorable fraud, Pierre Chouteau. Uncle Sandy has written me too much about you; I know your bark is worse than your bite.” There was the sound of tapping heels, the flash of red at the inner door; then the girl of the boat stood in the doorway. Her laughing eyes glanced about the room, and then stopped on Garry. “Oh-h!” Pierre Chouteau looked at her. “You know this man?” Her flashing eyes met Garry’s for a full second, then they flamed. Her cheeks flushed, and her chin tilted. “He is the street brawler, the leader of the men who attacked the steamboat crew! I saw him with my own eyes—and this other ruffian with him.” Pierre Chouteau’s flaming eyes were on Garry. “So that is it! You not only try to get aboard the Chey- enne through a lying message, but you try to get the regu- lar crew beaten up in a street brawl, as well, so that they can’t sail with her. “Well, go back to your employers and tell them you are found out. And tell them the Cheyenne sails at daybreak, and will reach Fort Tecumseh if I have to have gamble my life on it.” “Then you think my message is a lie?” asked Garry Kent. “I am not to take you up-river, as Sandy MacLeod asked?” “You should know, yourself, after this.” Garry coolly took out a gold coin from his buckskin pouch. “Here is five dollars, then. I am paying my way on the Cheyenne as a passenger.” “You can’t buy a passage on any Company boat for any amount of money.” “You agreed to take the first ten passengers that applied —and to pay them ten dollars a mile for every mile the Cheyenne failed to take them. It is over a thousand miles to Fort Tecumseh—and I am holding you to your offer.”24 ARGOSY “Ten dollars a mile—a thousand miles!” Pierre Chou- teau gaped. Then his jaws snapped shut. “Come in tomor- row morning at nine and your money will be ready for you.” Garry nodded. “My partner, Nick Kelso here—he was going with me. That will be ten dollars a mile for him also, if he does not go on the Cheyenne." “Hey!” Nick Kelso suddenly gasped in alarm. “Them devil’s tea-kettles—” “His money will be ready for him tomorrow also.” Pierre Chouteau’s jaws clamped obstinately. “And now get out!” Still smiling, Garry touched Nick’s arm. “Come, Nick.” A S THEY passed into the little front office Nick Kelso’s eyes were bulging. “Twenty thousand dollars for not ridin’ on that devil’s b’iler when I wouldn’t ride it noway for fifty thousand! Lordamighty! Jest wait till I git to the Two Rivers!” , “Pierre Chouteau seems to think it worth it, not to have us on the Cheyenne." “But what’s she carryin’ that makes ’im so techy an’ skeery—the United States mint? Hey, where yuh headin’?” For Garry had turned toward the Creole’s counter. “To finish up Sandy MacLeod’s errand.” But there was somebody else already at the counter be- fore them. Frenchy Lenoir’s big bulk loomed, his big voice sounded. “You sure that red-head mate go up on Cheyenne too?” “Of course the mate goes with the boat.” The Creole impatiently opened a book of blank slips. “You say you want passage on her? The name, please?” “Frenchy Lenoir. An’ here is five dollaire.” Lenoir fumbled at his torn buckskins. “Goin’ back up to get whupped next Christmas shindig at Pierre’s Hole?” chuckled Nick Kelso. “Huh!” Lenoir snorted. “I’m be there—but I got leetle unfeenesh business to ’tend to first.” And Lenoir tramped outside. Garry Kent likewise placed five dollars on the counter. “I’m taking passage up on the Cheyenne too to Fort Tecumseh. The name is Kent—Garry Kent.” Nick Kelso gaped as the Creole wrote the name and then the words, One passage on Steamer Cheyenne, on the receipt form and pushed it carelessly across. Garry turned, held out his hand. “Well, tyick—I’ll be seeing you again some time on the Sweetwater, I hope. Meantime don’t try to drink the whole of St. Louis dry.” “St. Louis, hell!” Nick Kelso likewise turned to the Creole. “Gimme one o’ them slips jest like that ’un. The name is Nick Kelso.” “But you said you wouldn’t ride a steamboat for any money!” Gasry looked his surprise., “Don’t be a fool! You’ve got ten thousand dollars coming tomorrow just for the asking.” Nick snorted. “Don’t like them devil’s kettles, an’ never will. That’s why I’m goin’ with ye. Ye don’t think I’m the sort o’ man to let his pardner git hisself blowed to Kingdom Come all by hisself, do yuh?” For a long moment Garry looked at the old mountain man. A husky note was in his voice when he spoke. “I might have known. Come on, then.” To Nick Kelso’s surprise it was not toward the street door that he led the way, however, but back to Pierre Chouteau’s office. Pierre Chouteau’S mouth dropped open as they pushed their way inside. SHOVING the clerk’s receipt across the desk, Garry Kent looked Pierre Chouteau in the eye. “You should have spoken to your clerk outside as well as to me, Monsieur Chouteau. Because he has just sold us passenger tickets up-river on the Cheyenne." “Passenger tickets!” The fur company manager knocked the receipt from the desk-top. “The Company clerks do not own the Company boats. I’ve said you can come in for your money tomorrow. If you set foot in here again before that I—I’ll have you thrown out.” “Very well. We’ll go then—and be back for the money tomorrow.” _Garry Kent’s Ups were smiling but his eyes were deep and grim. “But also we’ll spread the word in the Two Rivers—and in every other saloon and trading post between here and the Sweetwater—that Pierre Chouteau’s word is no goodl That he publicly offered passenger tickets for sale up-river on the Cheyenne and then refused to honor them.” “What? My word no good?” Pierre Chouteau almost choked. Then with a crash he brought his fist down on the desk. “Be on the dock tomorrow at five. The Cheyenne sails at daylight. But I warn you: if you make any trouble, if you interfere in the slightest, I’ll hang you from the nearest tree!” With Nick Kelso mumbling behind him, Garry strode out of the office and closed the door. From beyond that closed door came angry voices, Chas- tain’s deep curse—and then a girl’s sudden, rippling laugh. CHAPTER IV DEEP-WATER THREAT T^HE Missouri is two thousand miles long; the Cheyenne was a scant hundred and thirty-two feet. Her eighteen- foot side-wheels were driven by a single engine with a huge fly wheel to prevent stopping on dead center. With both paddle-wheels on the same shaft she could turn only by rudder, which meant taking bends wide and laboriously. At the end of a week Nick Kelso spat disgustedly. “Meb- beso that steamboat fella was right: God didn’t mean this for no steamboat river. Why there’s bars an’ bends a-comin’ that we won’t git past without hinges on both sides an’ her bottom. Not with this captain and crew we won’t!” Garry’s opinion of the Cheyenne’s captain was no better than Nick’s. Captain Waters was a gaunt, sallow-faced individual whose drooping shoulders and worried cough already showed signs of some deep-rooted disease. A deep-water man with previous river experience only on New Orleans ' packets and the Cheyenne’s single trip down the Ohio, he had been sent out by the Company’s New York office. Dunbar, the Scotch engineer, looked honest, but his long whiskers rarely appeared away from his engine and the twin boilers stoked by the Negro firemen on the open boiler-deck just beneath the pilot house. The only other ship’s officers were Mattoon, the mat.e, and Chastain, the pilot. “You don’t know any of the crew or passengers?” Garry looked aft from the bow over the hodge-podge of men scat- tered with their belongings over the whole forward deck. '“You never saw any of them before in the mountains?” “Beaver Butler an’ Si Pearson is aboard, gittin’ cheap passage back as meat-hunters. They’re free-trappers from the North Forks, but likely that Creole clerk didn’t knowROLL, MISSOURI 25 that. Else they wouldn’t have got aboard this boat.” Nick Kelso chuckled. “I’d as lief have them to my back in a scrap as any. ’Course there’s Frenchy Lenoir, but I ’spect the unfinished business that brung him along is to lick any and ary man on the boat or the river. “Mattoon must ’a picked the rest of ’em from the Two Rivers an’ worse. I never seen a primer passel o’ human ■scum unhung. Wouldn’t s’prise me a bit if they tried to steal the Cheyenne right out from under Pierre Chouteau.” “But what would they want with it? What good would it do them?” “I dunno, unless it’s somethin’ down in them two cargo holds they’re after. An’ they’re both locked.” “See if you can f}nd out what’s in them,” directed Garry. “Find out anything you can about either the crew or cargo. I’ll keep an eye on the mate and pilot.” “I’ll keep both eyes peeled—one for snakes an’ t’other for buzzards,” promised the old mountain man. “But yuh ain’t said nothin’ at all about the worst pizen of all. That gal. She can’t git two feet without that half-Canuck nudgin’ her elbow an’ whisperin’ to her ear.” It was a fact: except for what little time the girl spent ■in her tiny cabin aft, Chastain was always at her elbow whenever she was in the pilot house, which was most of the daylight hours. It set Garry’s blood boiling, even though Captain Waters and Pierre Chouteau were also there. If Jeannie MacLeod knew of Garry’s and Nick’s pres- ence aboard, however, the Only indication was an extra tilt to her nose when she passed them. But Chastain and Mat- toon gave the mountain men scowls at every encounter. “B’iler blow-up or scalp-liftin’—only difference seems to be which is goin’ to come first,” said Nick Kelso gloom- ily. “My scalp ain’t felt so loose an’ itchy since the Crows treed me at Frenchman’s Fork.” TT'OR almost another week, however, the Cheyenne dipped her paddle-buckets deep into the muddy Missouri and churned upstream without mishap. Each evening at sun- set she tied up at the bank to replenish her firewood and lay over until daybreak. For not even a bull-boat would have run that bar-trapped, snag-infested river after dark. And long before the Cheyenne started again at day- break, the hunters Butler and Pearson were away and working the thickets ahead for game, hanging their meat on saplings along the bank to be picked up by the steamboat’s yawl as she came abreast. Now they left the hillier stretches and began to thread their way through the great flood-plains themselves. Plains so level, save for occasional ridges and wooded streams, that in the Missouri’s built-up bed the steamboat seemed to be churning almost overland itself, and from her elevated pilot house the eye could see for countless leagues on either side. Leagues where the only moving things were the brown buffalo herds and the occasional Indians who stared in awe, and then bent over their ponies’ necks and fled in wild panic from this fire-breathing monster. Now, too, they began to pass the first of the down-river boats: bullboats, made of buffalo bull hides stretched over willow poles and drawing bare inches of water; mackinaw boats, flat-bottomed, fifty-feet long; keelboats half as long as the Cheyenne herself, with raised cargo box standing five feet above the narrow walk along the gunwales where stood the pole-men when poling. And at each boat, as it passed, Pierre Chouteau looked long and anxiously, yet each time with apparent disappoint- ment. His face was drawn with worry, his body tense. “Whatever he’s looking for, it must be important,” ob- served Nick Kelso. And Garry noted that, though most of the boats were Platte or lower Missouri craft, it was at the upper river boats that the fur manager looked most anxiously. Why was Pierre Chouteau so anxious? Why was he in such desperate haste to get the Cheyenne up-river to Fort Tecumseh? Had gold been discovered on the headwaters? Or could it be Indian uprisings? For a time, the next day, Garry thought the last guess had been right. Beaver Butler and Si Pearson had gone ahead as usual, hunting. Yet even before noon, hours too early, Garry saw them standing on the bank; meatless, but yelling and wav- ing their hats. “Injuns!” said Nick Kelso as the yawl shot out to fetch the hunters aboard. And he began freshing his priming. But no sooner was he aboard than Beaver Butler raced for the pilot-house ladder, yelling at every jump. “Git in to the bank! Git in to the west bank—an’ tie up as quick as the Lord ’ull let yuh! Hell is a-goin’ to bust loose! Look over yander!” A ND looking, Garry saw what had previously been invis- ible from the low deck. Over there, low down, the whole western sky was a blotch of inky black. Yet every second it rolled higher, nearer, shooting spurts of ugly, yellowish-black from its edges like the fringes of a ragged hunting jacket. Captain Waters’ sallow face looked amazedly out of the pilot-house door. “Tie up for that little thunder-head? The Cheyenne doesn’t have to tie up for every passing shower!” “He’ll think it’s raining cottonwoods before it’s over!” Garry pulled Nick toward the pilot-house ladder. “We’ve got to find Pierre Chouteau. That captain never saw a Missouri storm before.” Pushing his way through the pilot-house door, Garry found himself close on Beaver Butler’s heels. Beaver But- ler was shaking his fist, howling in surprise and anger. “Ain’t ye got no eyes an’ ears, ye idjit? I said git in to the west bank, an’ git in. in a hurry!?’ Captain Waters blinked, his jaws set obstinately. “No tramping meat-hunter can tell me how to run a ship! Shallow water? You’re crazy! The only safety in a blow is deep water. I’m sticking to the deepest part of the channel.” Beaver Butler turned to Chastain. “Yo’re the pilot! Yuh know damn well she oughta be in an’ tied up.” But Chastain only shrugged his shoulders. “I’ve told the captain it blows hard here sometimes. But he should know best; he’s an old sailor, and the captain.” “For Gawd’s sake! ” Beaver Butler suddenly caught sight of Garry Kent. He whirled on the captain. “If ye won’t believe merest ask this fella here. He’s been up th river time enough; he’ll tell yuh!” At that moment a shoulder edged Garry aside, and Pierre Chouteau’s voice spoke up. “What is it? What’s tl?e trou- ble, Captain?” “Th:: rain-squall. This man here says—” began the capNn, and then Chastain’s smooth voice cut in. “I’ve told haii it blows hard here, Monsieur Chouteau. I was just about to advise that we head in and tie up to the bank until it is over!”26 ARGOSY Garry gaped. Nick Nelso swore. But Pierre Chouteau, after one look to the west, let out an exlamation. “You’re right, Chastain! Put in, Captain—put in and tie up. We can’t risk the Cheyenne in a Missouri storm!” By now even the captain was beginning to look dubious, worried. The whole western sky almost to the zenith was a welter of darkness. His sallow face whitened, Captain Waters let out a bawl to the mate and men forward to get the mooring lines ready. Then he jangled the bell for full speed. Churning and splashing, the Cheyenne began to angle in toward the west bank. t)UT before she was half-way there, a bitter blast as from the North Pole swept down over the crew and passen- gers. The waters of the river began to whip into frothing crests, while at the same time, weirdly enough, the icy-cold air was filled with driven sand and even gravel, whirled from the treeless plains to the west and driven before the blast with stinging fury. Captain Waters’ coughing vojce seemed thin and whin- ing. “I don’t see nothin’ to tie up to. But that point up ahead—once we make it around that mebbe there’ll be trees and stumps to tie up to.” “Once around that point, and she’d be almost blown out of water,” cried Garry grimly. “But on the bank over there— Look! Those scrub cedars—it’s them or nothing. I’ll go down on deck and show the men where.” And without waiting for the captain’s bleat of surprise or Chastain’s quick curse, he jerked the pilot-house door open and started down the ladder. Almost at the foot of it he ran full into'the girl. Jeanne MacLeod’s red jacket was plastered against her body, her black hair was flying in the wind. But her face was flushed, her eyes were sparkling. She laughed excitedly at Garry. “Isn’t it grand?” The next moment Garry’s hand snatched out, grabbed the sleeve of the red jacket, whirled her forcibly about. “Get out of the way—get off the deck,” he bellowed. “This is a Missouri storm. Get below to your cabin quick!” “What?” For a second she stared. “How dare you speak to me like that?” As tempestuous as the storm it- self she raised her hand, gave him a solid, stinging slap on the cheek “Take your hands off me!” “Fool!” With one surge of his shoulders, Garry swept her up into his arms. Despite her twisting and clawing like a cat, he raced aft to a lashed heap of cargo next to her small cabin, and dropped her behind it. And in that instant all hell seemed to burst loose over the Cheyenne. Rain hammered like buckshot, in such torrents that it was near impossible to breathe without strangling. The first great gust struck the wheel-boxes and elevated pilot house like a giant hammer, tilting them over as the solid timbers creaked and groaned. Then the rain changed to ice, and hail-stones as big as marbles began to crash and rebound from decks and cabins. Without a second’s pause Garry whirled again, raced forward, with Nick Kelso now at his heels. As they passed the open boiler space the smudged face of Dunbar, the engineer, looked out at them wildly. “The stacks is down!” he yelled. “Can’t keep steam up!” “Stacks or no stacks, you’ve got to keep steam up,” snarled Garry. “Nick! Stick here with the engineer.” Without waiting for answer he plunged ahead out into the open forward deck. Men were clustered there, strug- gling aimlessly with the stout mooring lines and gazing despairingly at the western bank. CHAPTER V NEXT TIME IS FOR KEEPS ■pvESPITE her churning, straining paddles, the Cheyenne seemed almost hove-to in the water. She quivered and reeled at every wailing swoop of the storm which had built itself in countless miles of open prairie to hurl itself finally on the luckless Cheyenne. “Where’s Mattoon? Where’s the mate?” But there was no sight of the red-headed mate. Only a huge figure, half-blotted out by the driving rain and hail, turned amid the drenched group, and Frenchy Lenoir’s bull voice bellowed back. “She don’ be here. An’ dese rope, she all tangle an’ snarl. W’ot de hell—” “Here—grab!” Driving among the confused deck-hands, Garry found the rope end, jammed it toward Lenoir. “Lead it out; I’ll keep it running clear.” “Hah! Now we get somewhere.” With a whoop, Lenoir dragged the heavy, kinking coils out. “Out wit’ de rope. Queek, or I beat you. Me, Frenchy Lenoir—boss o’ the Missouri River!” He set to work with a fury; shouting, his great hands moving with lightning speed. But even with the ropes out and clear for mooring, there was still open water yawning between the Cheyenne’s bow and those straggling cedars on the bank—space which the straining Cheyenne seemed unable to decrease. “Too wide to jump, too deep to wade!” shrieked the Frenchman in Garry’s ear. “Me, I don’t sweem so good noway. I don’ wan’ drown tryin’ to sweem ashore wit’ rope.” “The landing stage,’’ ordered Garry. “Get the landing stage out, then. It’ll bridge part of the way.” “Stage?” Lenoir stared, then beat at his thigh. “By gar, you better steamboat man dan steamboat man herself.” Whirling, he drove the others with fists and howls. “Git landing-stage out. Queek, or I throw you in river.” With the wind tearing at the planks, however, it seemed as impossible to thrust out the stage against the storm as it was for the Cheyenne to make headway against it. Lenoir’s mighty muscles strained until they ripped the stout buckskin covering them. It was only when Garry put his own shoulders to the work that the stage began to creep out, inch by inch, over the gap. Then—through Nick Kelso’s help or by some other miracle—the engineer began to get more power into his engine and paddle-wheels. And inch by inch the Chey- enne fought her way in to the bank. The blurred bank, then the cedar scrub showed. And'standing on the out- most, edge of the .landing stage, rope in hand, Garry jumped. TTE WAS already throwing loop on loop of the stout hawser about the scrawny cedars when Frenchy Lenoir joined him with another rope. But glancing at the scraggly cedars and then back at the Cheyenne heeling under the storm, Garry shook his head. He scrambled back, burst into the pilot house once more. “The cedars are too small, too scraggly; they may notROLL, MISSOURI 27 hold. You’ll have to keep the engine and paddles going too, to help.” Captain Waters coughed and nodded, but his face was white, dazed. And then Garry felt something at his shoulder. He turned, gliihpsed a red jacket. But the eyes that met his, white sparkling, were no longer furious. And the lips were almost timid. “Please. It’s as safe here as there. And—and its lonely down below.” He did not answer. For one thing Pierre Chouteau was there, staring at them puzzledly. For another .thing Garry had just caught sight of something els^ rounding the point ahead: something almost blurred out by the rain and spray. And then they saw that it was a keelboat. Either it had been torn from its moorings ashore, or else the storm had caught it foolhardly in deep water where the voyageurs’ poles would not reach bottom. Cling- ing to the sides of the cargo box four men were still vainly trying to find bottom with their poles and turn the boat inshore. At the four bow oars other men were desperately strain- ing to work the bow around. But their work was yain, as was the equal effort of the patron at the Steering oar in the stern. For the frightful force of the wind whirled the keelboat like a cockle-shell, driving it almost abreast of the moored Cheyenne and straight down toward a huge matted pile of drifted logs and tree-trunks protruding like fangs from a hidden reef.	\ Those aboard the keelboat had sighted the Cheyenne now, for the patron’s face turned that way. And alongside him a figure in buckskins reared up, waving a hand with something in it: something that looked like a buckskin pouch. “A Fort Tecumseh boat!” Pierre Chouteau’s voice was broken, hoarse. “A message perhaps from Sandy Mac- Leod—” Even as Pierre Chouteau cried out, however—even as Garry felt the girl’s slender fingers clutch at his arm—the doomed keelboat whirled end for end and drove with shat- tering force full upon the log fangs. It careened, tilted, throwing men toppling and overboard. Half of the keelboat’s bottom showed, the planks riven and splintered. Then the wreckage whirled off the logs and on into deeper water; and where there had been a sixty-foot keelboat there bobbed now only a few planks and bales of goods, with one or two black spots that might have been heads. The hand clutching the thing that had looked like a pouch showed for a moment as if vainly reaching for the Cheyenne, and then it too vanished. “May the good God have mercy on his soul! ” said Chas- tain piously, but to Garry it seemed that the lips curled about the words sardonically. Then the slender fingers squeezing Garry’s arm clutched tighter. “They’re drowning. Oh, do something!” “There’s nothing we can do,” answered Garry quietly. “The yawl wouldn’t live ten feet, even if we could get it into the water.” As the last black spot bobbed up and then was blotted out, Captain Waters put a shaking hand to his forehead. “God! What sort of river is this?” “What sort of river? Why this is jest the old Missoury.” Standing at the top of the pilot house ladder Nick Kelso chuckled. “An’ if you think this is something’—yuh ain’t seen nothin’ yet.” A S HE took counsel with Nick Kelso on the deck below -L* after the storm, with the stackless Cheyenne barely limping upstream, Garry Kent’s lips were wtyte. “Chastain could see that coming storm from the pilot house as soon as Beaver Butler ashore. But to wreck her deliberately, with the girl aboard—” “Didn’t figger on bustin’ ’er on a log-heap in deep water,” returned Kelso. “Bustin’ her bow against the bank would be jest as good—an’ give him an’ his pardners all summer to git outa her whatever’s in her. Way them eyes o’ his follers ’er, that ’ud include the gal.” Garry’s eyes flashed. “Not while I or Pierre Chouteau is alive. He wouldn’t dare.” “Who said you’d be alive—or me either? Chastain ain’t figgerin’ it that way, I betcha.” Nick Kelso grinned wryly. “Me, I’m sleepin’ with both eyes open from now on.” By desperate stoking they made Fort Leavenworth where the post’s blacksmith strapped and bolted the dented stacks into place once more. But the news they heard there was anything but comforting. The April freshets on the lower feeders had passed, and boatmen were bringing in the word that the upper river was lower than it had been in history. Nick Kelso contributed something equally disturbing. “Pierre Chouteau sent a messenger up-river a-horseback, at full speed. But so did Chastain, less’n ten minutes after Pierre Chouteau’s messenger rid off.” Not two days out of Leavenworth the report of low water proved true indeed. Its first flood exhausted, the Missouri dwindled to but a shadow of itself, threading its way ardously among so many sand bars and reefs that Nick Kelso swore the Cheyenne raised dust-clouds. There was nothing to it but to resort to cordelling. The cordell, a thousand-foot hawser that every keelboat or mackinaw carried for warping over sand-bars, was led out to its very end. Anchoring the shore end to some stout tree or planted spar ashore, the crew would then take up the slack at the other end on the Cheyenne’s capstan. Then with engine panting and paddles threshing, while stout arms wound the capstan round and round, the Cheyenne would push and pull herself forward by inches over the bar. It was slow, back-breaking work. Nick Kelso, toiling alongside Garry and Frenchy Lenoir at the capstan, wiped the sweat from his face in disgust. “That damn half- Canuck! We won’t never get up in time to make the Fort on the June flood an’ down again ’fore freeze up. Looks like Chastain picks the worst chutes in the bars a-purpose.” “I think he does,” said Garry quietly. “But Pierre Chou- teauMsn’t blind. And if Chastain tries another trick—like I’m hoping—Pierre Chouteau will know him for what he is.” piERRE CHOUTEAU was already pacing up and down restlessly, his brow furrowed and black at the slow progress. Finally he shouted angrily at Chastain in the pilot house. “Nom de dieu! You call yourself a pilot; can you not get her up-river faster?” Chastain shrugged his shoulders. “I can try to run more of the chutes. But cordelling is safer.” Calling in the cordell and cordell men, lie rang the bell for more speed, swung the wheel, and began nosing the Cke.yp.tme along thi downstream	of 4 huge b«f28 ARGOSY seemed to stretch from side to side completely across the river. Between the yellow humps of mud and sand above the surface only a few rippling stretches of turgid water showed whfere the river was trying to cut its way through. Any one of those turgid chutes might be the main channel—or a deadly trap. Freed from the capstan and cordell, Garry Kent stood in th'fr very bow, watching ahead with narrowed eyes. Two chutes passed, and then a third. And with each passing one Garry’s lips drew tighter. Then Chastain slowed the engine off the fourth chute, brought the bow slowly around to head straight into it. The engine gong clanged as he rang for full speed ahead. Garry hit the pilot-house ladder on the run, went up it in great bounds. He burst in through the pilot house door, Nick Kelso at his heels. Captain Waters, Pierre Chouteau, and Jeannie MacLeod turned with startled glances. Chastian’s eyes flashed malev- olently, and his fingers tightened on the wheel. Garry fairly jerked the spokes out of his hands. “Stop her,” he ordered. “Stop her quick! Back the engine.” Captain Waters looked dazed, then angry. “Why? What’s the matter? I’m captain here, and Chastain is the pilot. We’re the ones that give the orders.” “Then give ’em—and give ’em quick,” snapped Garry, “if you don’t want to snag the bottom out of her in two minutes.”	^ CAPTAIN WATERS still gaped, but the girl with light- ing speed jerked the bell-cord—jerked it again. And with a shudder of her reversed engine and paddles the Cheyenne ceased headway, hung, and began to move slowly astern. With a crackling oath the pilot tried to beat aside Garry’s hands. “Get out of here! You ain’t no pilot.” “And neither are you, if you can’t see a snag in the mid- dle of the channel right under your nose,” retorted Garry. He whirled on Pierre Chouteau. “There’s a snag right where he’s heading that would rip the Cheyenne like a gutted buffalo.” “Snag! You’re a liar,” snarled Chastain. “There’s not a snag in sight.” “Not a snag, no—but a ripple. You can see it from right here. Look!” said Garry, pointing. And there right in the middle of the chute was a faint line on the surface, as if a feather had been dragged through it. “If you don’t believe me, Mr. Chouteau, put the yawl over and take a look at it.” The pilot made a snatch for the bell cord. But Nick Kelso was quicker. “Git away from that wheel an’ cord.” He emphasized the order with the point of his hunting knife which he had drawn and jabbed warningly against the pilot’s ribs. “Back up an’ keep backed up if yuh wanta enjoy yore next vittles.” But it was Pierre Chouteau who settled the situation. “Put in to the bank—and then get the yawl over. I’ll go in it myself.” When the ya^vl returned, Pierre Chouteau’s grim look told the story h/en before his tongue. “That ripple was made by a cottonwood snag two feet thick, with one end buried in the mud and the other within two feet of th# surface.” “It wasn’t in sight. Maybe from the bow it was, but not up here with the sun slanting wrong,” retorted Chastain sulkily. He looked at Pierre Chouteau. “I told you cordell- ing was safer. But you yourself ordered me to try to run the bar.” “Then why didn’t you pick one of the other chutes you passed up on the way to this?” demanded Garry. “Put the yawl over and sound them. They’re all better than this one.” With a shrug Chastain stepped back from the wheel and the bell-cord, and turned to Pierre Chouteau. “If this— this free trapper .is to pilot the Cheyenne, I will go below. But I will not be responsible for anything that happens.” Jeannie MacLeod’s eyes were sparkling. But Pierre Chouteau fumbled at his watch-chain. “No. It was my fault. I ordered you to risk running the bar. Go back to your wheel and we will go back to cordelling. But here- after we will keep a lookout posted in the bow as well as up here.” Chastain’s face lighted triumphantly. Captain Waters turned on Garry and Nick with asperity. “Clear the pilot- house. No passengers allowed up here.” As they returned to the lower deck, Nick Kelso was swearing in crestfallen tones. “Shore the damn half-Canuck seen that snag. I could see the ripple myself from up there.” But Garry Kent’s face was flushed and his pulse was pounding. “She pulled the bell-cord,” he mumbled dazedly. “She pulled the bell-cord.” “Huh?” said Nick Kelso. “I said—I said that Chastain slipped up again. He was heading deliberately for that snag.” “Yeah, an’ he foxed out of it as trickily as he foxed out of it that other time,” retorted Nick Kelso. “He’s in as strong as ever—an’ we’ve showed our hand an’ ain’t no better off. “Worse—’cause next time it’ll be us he tries to snag, an’ not the Cheyenne. It’s us or him now, an’ he knows it. That scalp itch I got is gittin’ worse by the minute!” (To Be Concluded Next Week), Kidneys Must Remove Excess Acids Help 15 Miles of Kidney Tubes Flush Out Poisonous Waste If you have an excess of acids in your blood, your 15 miles of kidney tubes may be overworked. These tiny filters and tubes are working day and night to help Nature rid your system of excess acids and poisonous waste. When disorder of kidney function permits poisonous matter to remain in your blood, it may cause nagging backache, rheumatic pains, leg pains, loss of pep and energy, getting up nights, swelling, puffiness under the eyes, headaches and dizziness. Frequent or scanty pas- sages with smarting and burning sometimes shows there is something wrong with your kidneys or bladder. Kidneys may need help the same as bowels, so ask your druggist for Doan’s Pills, used successfully by millions for over 40 years. They give happy relief and will help the IS miles of kidney tubes flush out poisonous waste from your blood. Get Doan’s Pills.	(Adv.) ,.*aiThey had the stop watch on *.he horse. They should have timed the rider who went much faster By Dale Clark Author of "Hollywood Rib,” etc. Horse of Another Collar In this corner, J. Edwin Bell, Hollywood’s lightweight champion nickel-pincher. In that corner, the horse with the soulful eyes. Fifteen rounds, to a decision // ¥ TOLIDAY in the third?” sneered J. Edwin Bell. I—I “You’re telling'me to bet my dough on that -*■ oat-burner, which hasn’t won a race since Hitler was a house painter?” “Not bet on the horse. Buy him,” corrected Feedbox Phil Swift. “It’s a once-in-a-lifetime proposition where we .not only can’t lose, but also are guaranteed to double our money maybe ten times over!” He was a large, red-faced individual clad in a Techni- colored sports coat, vivid green trousers, and a high- yaller binocular-case slung on a shoulder-strap. He looked like a racetrack tout; and in fact, Feedbox Phil’s profession was that of retailing little rainbow-colored envelopes priced at one buck, and alleged to contain the name of a sure-thing winner. The natural question arises: Why, if Feedbox knew any sure-thing winners, didn’t he bet on them himself? That was just the trouble. He did. And as a result, the guy seldom made a noise like two nickels jingling together as he walked.	v. So when Feedbox said “our money”, the reference ap- plied exclusively to J. Edwin Bell’s bankroll. Mr. Bell knew this, for he had not been born yester- day. He was a lank, slightly stooped citizen attired in patent-leather footgear, perfectly creased Bond Street garments, plus a monocle on a black silk cord. He was a sartorial symphony severely jarred by. one sour note. Mr. Bell’s face supplied the sour note. Outthrust from his scrawny neck his sharply beaked features were those of a bird of prey. Or in other words, he did not look like a character who would be apt to toss his folding money around free, gratis, or just for fun. Indeed not. Mr. Bell had invented the idea of frozen assets long before the U.S. Government hit on its present policy of international finance. His assets were so badly 2930 ARGOSY frozen that anybody would need a blow torch to thaw a dime out of him. And the idea of buying a race horse struck him as being a lot less hot than, the aforesaid blow torch. “Utsnay,” jeered J. Edwin. “What would I do with one of them bang-tailed nags? I ain’t Bing Crosby or Louis B. Mayer. Or” —scowling bitterly— “Gus Len- nox, neither.” So saying, he stepped briskly toward the racetrack clubhouse. f'pHE scene before him lay brilliant with California sun- shine, and even more brilliant with movie glamour. The gemlike setting of the clubhouse enclosure twinkled with producers and directors and stars; not to mention the phonies who were merely trying to look as if they might be famous producers, directors, and stars. For it was horse time in Hollywood, and the blue- grass bug had bitten deeply into the veins of the cinema colony. Picture people were reading the Racing Form in- stead of Variety, and scanning the morning handicaps even before they read their own press-agent notices in the daily papers. The line of celebrities at the pari- mutuel windows resembled Grauman’s Chinese Theater on a world premiere night, while the track rail had become an autograph hunter’s paradise. In short, the racing craze was colossal. Even Gus Lennox, the Napoleonic little producer in charge of Mogul Films, had fallen victim to the blue-grass bug. Only victim wasn’t exactly the word for Gus Lennox. No sooner had he plunked down a million dollars, or near- ly, for one of the biggest stables on the West Coast than he came up with a winner. A big-money, many-time win- ner, in fact. It was getting so that virtually every time J. Edwin Bell picked up a Sunday paper there was a headline about Gus Lennox’s horse See Whisker winning another ten- or fifteen- or twenty-thousand dollar stake race. And every time Mr. Bell read that kind of news, he felt a large cold sensation like a snowball inside his vest. This was because J. Edwin didn’t like Lennox even slightly. Lennox didn’t like him, either. The feud was open and furious, and obviously Feedbox Phil was well aware of the fact. For he hastened to clutch J. Edwin Bell’s exquisitely tailored coatsleeve. “Listen! Wait! Besides being a fortune in it, you’re gonna jar Gus Lennox loose from his eyeteeth when See Whisker don’t win that $50,000 Movie Handicap next Saturday!” Startled sound slid over Mr. Bell’s tongue. “See Whisk- er! I thought you was telling me to buy a broken-down bangtail named Holiday!” Feedbox stretched his lips into a confident grin: “Yeah. It’s one and the same thing.” “It’s—huh? What the-?” The Technicolor tout chuckled. “I’m telling ya, Bell. See Whisker is a champion, and Holiday can’t hardly run fast enough to stay in front of a mud turtle, but still if we buy Holiday it means See Whisker is bound to lose that race!” Hastily he explained. “Ya see Bell, race horses is al- most human, only more so. They’re high-strung. They got temperament. They’re a lot of four-footed Garbos! And they all got their own, special pet companions. Most gen- erally it’s the stable dog. But sometimes they take a fancy to a cat, or even a pig. And I remember one famous case where a horse wouldn’t be happy without his pet rooster along.” TYTEVER slow on the uptake, Mr. Bell’s mentality sur- ■*-’ rounded the idea instailtly. “You mean them two horses?” “Yeah. They’re stablemates. It’s a regular Damon and Python act,” declared Feedbox. “I got it straight from/ a exercise boy that See Whisker goes completely off his feed when Holiday ain’t with him. He turns into such a nervous wreck he can’t possible win no races.” And Feedbox Phil laughed triumphantly. “Only Len- nox don’t know about it! He’s a strictly clubhouse owner that don’t never even set foot inside the stables. So he’s gone and entered Holiday in the third today—which same is a claiming race for one thousand bucks.” J. Edwin Bell did not know what a claiming race was. Feedbox explained the claiming race rule. Any horse entered in such an event could be purchased by dropping a bid in the steward’s box. As he explained, the large man produced a typewritten from his Technicolored sports garb. “I got the bid all writ out, making us joint owners of Holiday, so all you gotta do is sign a check for a thousand bucks,” he concluded. “After which, we bet a bale of dough against See Whisker on Saturday. The bookies is bound to be loaded with bets on the favorite, so there’s a cinch to be lots of lay-off coin looking for takers. And we take it, see?” Mr. Bell didn’t see, since he didn’t even know what lay-off money was. Mr. Bell’s gambling education had been neglected, owing to his lifelong habit of never risking a cent on any racket except his own. Moreover, he didn’t care what lay-off money meant. “Okay,” he grunted, and reached a skinny hand for his checkbook. He gave Feedbox Phil the signed check, but kept his thoughts to himself. And his thoughts were rapid ones. J. Edwin Bell was a Hollywood flesh peddler—a free- lance cinema agent who wrangled studio jobs for his clients, and collected ten percent of their salaries. In addition (Mr. Bell being very good at addition) he also collected anything else that wasn’t either padlocked or firmly nailed down. -Thus arose the Hollywood rumor that J. Edwin had very taking ways. They claimed he would take the gold fillings from a client’s teeth, and then send the sucker a bill for dental services performed. Hence it may be guessed that Mr. Bell felt no tempta- tion to bet a bale of his dough on a herd of horses run- ning around a circle to see which could get back first to where they started from. And much less was he tempted to split his take with Feedbox Phil. Thinking like lightning, the flesh peddler’s brain zig-- zagged to a different idea of his own. “Hot dog!” he exulted. All he had to do was make a phone call, and write out another check. . . . CHORTLY thereafter, the flesh peddler inserted his lank ^ length next to the rail and fixed his monocled stare on the track. The horses Were going to the post for the third race and a glance at the program had already informedHORSE OF ANOTHER COLLAR SI him that Holiday was number 7 in the procession. Likewise a glance at the tote board disclosed that odds were 294-1 against the Lennox entry. Why, became clear with the track announcer’s cry of, “They’re off!” For number 7 came out of the starting gate with all the alacrity of a sightseeing Sunday motorist. As the pack swept past the grandstand, Holiday was eating dust ten lengths behind the others. But not for long. Because, rounding into the backstretch, the dust had already settled before he caught up with it. In fact, if the jockey had been in any real hurry to go somewhere, he would have done well to jump off and get going on his own two feet. “Proving Feedbox was right!” reflected Mr. Bell con- tentedly. “That hay-hauler couldn’t make twenty miles per hour downhill with a high wind behind him! So it must be on account of See Whisker he wasn’t optioned out on a rag cart long ago!” Thus encouraged, the flesh broker betook his elegantly tailored self toward the track steward’s office. Feedbox Phil had the same impulse, so the pair poured through the doorway in a photo finish. The track steward, a functionary named Cabsley, greeted them with a puzzled frown and the remark that there seemed to be some misunderstanding. “You gentle- mn are claiming the same horse twice. You have—er, submitted two bids and two checks for one thousand dollars.” Cabsley couldn’t figure it out. Indeed, he couldn’t fig- ure out why anybody would want to claim Holiday even once. Feedbox Phil was also in the dark—in the midst of dark misgivings. “Bell!” he blurted. “You ain’t by any chance giving me the doublecross, or are you?” J. Edwin was, although not by mere chance. “Listen, Cabsley,” said the flesh peddler, “they’s only one bid that counts. Them checks is numbered, and by calling up the bank you can find I already stopped pay- ment on the first one. Which leaves me the sole, un- divided owner of Holiday!” “Why, you two-faced buzzard!” twanged Feedbox Phil. “Baloney,” scoffed Mr. Bell. “You didn’t put in noth- ing but your idea. And I t’run that out, because I got a better one of my own. . . FEEDBOX PHIL exited, but not before voicing loud opinions concerning J. Edwin Bell’s ancestry, moral character, and probable address in a future existence. The flesh peddler shrugged as the door slammed, for the squawk of the sucker was, as ever, music in his ears. And besides, Feedbox’s indignation proved that the deal was really a very good thing. “Imagine,” he chuckled. “That Technicolor tout trying to be partners with me!” Cabsley shook his head. “I’m afraid Mr. Swift couldn’t have complied with the—ah, other formality. You see, in order to claim a horse, you have to be a member in good standing of the Racing Owners’ Association.” Mr. Bell’s chuckle strangled in his scrawny throat. “Yeah? What’s the bite for that?” he barked. “Five hundred dollars per season, Mr. Bell. And it entitles you to cast a ballot at our annual election of officers, too.” Cabsley spoke with impressive emphasis. “Five C’s for one vote!” griped the screen agent. “Why, I could buy a whole precinct in a Presidential election for that!” “Doubtless,” shrugged the steward, “But racing is the sport of kings, not presidents, and its costs accordingly, ha-ha.” Feeling like a king who was being forced to sign his abdication proclamation, J. Edwin unhinged his check- book. “Oh, er. While you’re about it,” continued Cabsley, “of course the horse will remain in the custody of the track management until your-ah, checks have gone through the bank in the morning. So there will be the additional nominal daily stable fee of fifteen dollars.” Mr. Bell yelped protest like the wail of an air-raid siren. “Fifteen fish for one dayl Listen, all you gotta do is tie the nag up in a barn and throw him a armful of straw. He don’t need no private room and bath at the Ambassador hotel with his meals served to him in bed!” The steward shrugged. “A horse like Holiday doesn’t live on straw, my dear fellow. He must be fed a special, vitamized mash diet. He requires the services of an exercise boy, and a trainer to rub him down after his daily workout. You must realize you’re acquired a thoroughbred racing animal—” THE flesh peddler emerged into the California sun- shine with mingled feelings. In the first place, he felt like a guy who has just taken a fall out of his finances by writing checks totaling fifteen hundred and fifteen bucks. But in the second place, he also felt like a guy who is going to cash a check for ten grand! Moreover, it would be a check autographed by Mr. Bell’s oldest enemy..... “Meaning,” mused Mr. Bell, “by tomorrow morning Lennox is gonna be on his knees in my office, begging me to take a mere one thousand percent profit!” Tomorrow morning arrived on schedule, but Gus Len- nox didn’t. Instead, J. Edwin’s office slavey entered the inner office to announce that a Miss Day wanted to see him. “She says it’s about a horse,” continued the slavey, “and she wouldn’t listen when I tried to tell her the nearest bookie is in the cigar store around the corner.” For Mr. Bell’s office help was never very bright, owing to the fact that nobody with brains would hire out at the flesh broker’s prevailing, or Chinese coolie wage scale. “A dame huh? Must be Lennox’s private secretary,” muttered J. Edwin Bell. “Okay, send her in.” Miss Day came in; and it may be mentioned that she was indeed a very select ^ensemble of femininity. Although wearing riding pants and an old sweater, the girl clearly had the figure of an Aquabelle. Moreover, her hair resembled strained honey, her lips were ruby, and she possessed eyes of songwriter’s blue. “Mr. Bell,” cried this vision breathlessly, “I’m Miss Holly Day, and my dad trains Mr. Lennox’s horses, and yesterday was all a mistake! So here’s your .money.back! ” And she spread ten crisp one-hundred-dollar Government engravings on the flesh peddler’s desk. “You see, Mr. Bell, Holiday isn’t really a race horse any more. He was crowded into the rail at Del Mar two30 ARGOSY frozen that anybody would need a blow torch to thaw a dime out of him. And the idea of buying a race horse struck him as being a lot less hot than the aforesaid blow torch. “Utsnay,” jeered J. Edwin. “What would I do with one of them bang-tailed nags? I ain’t Bing Crosby or Louis B. Mayer. Or” —scowling bitterly— “Gus Len- nox, neither.” So saying, he stepped briskly toward the racetrack clubhouse. THE scene before him lay brilliant with California sun- shine, and even more brilliant with movie glamour. The gemlike setting of the clubhouse enclosure twinkled with producers and directors and stars; not to mention the phonies who were merely trying to look as if they might be famous producers, directors, and stars. For it was horse time in Hollywood, and the blue- grass bug had bitten deeply into the veins of the cinema colony. Picture people were reading the Racing Form in- stead of Variety, and scanning the morning handicaps even before they read their own press-agent notices in the daily papers. The line of celebrities at the pari- mutuel windows resembled Grauman’s Chinese Theater on a world premiere night, while the track rail had become an autograph hunter’s paradise. In short, the racing craze was colossal. Even Gus Lennox, the Napoleonic little producer in charge of Mogul Films, had fallen victim to the blue-grass bug. Only victim wasn’t exactly the word for Gus Lennox. No sooner had he plunked down a million dollars, or near- ly, for one of the biggest stables on the West Coast than he came up with a winner. A big-money, many-time win- ner, in fact. It was getting so that virtually every time J. Edwin Bell picked up a Sunday paper there was a headline about Gus Lennox’s horse See Whisker winning another ten- or fifteen- or twenty-thousand dollar stake race. And every time Mr. Bell read that kind of news, he felt a large cold sensation like a snowball inside his vest. This was because J. Edwin didn’t like Lennox even slightly. Lennox didn’t like him, either. The feud was open and furious, and obviously Feedbox Phil was well aware of the fact. For he hastened to clutch J. Edwin Bell’s exquisitely tailored coatsleeve. “Listen! Wait! Besides being a fortune in it, you’re gonna jar Gus Lennox loose from his eyeteeth when See Whisker don’t win that $50,000 Movie Handicap next Saturday!” Startled sound slid over Mr. Bell’s tongue. “See Whisk- er! I thought you was telling me to buy a broken-down bangtail named Holiday!” Feedbox stretched his lips into a confident grin: “Yeah. It’s one and the same thing.” “It’s—huh? What the—?” The Technicolor tout chuckled. “I’m telling ya, Bell. See Whisker is a champion, and Holiday can’t hardly run fast enough to stay in front of a mud turtle, but still if we buy Holiday it means See Whisker is bound to lose that race!” Hastily he explained. “Ya see Bell, race horses is al- most human, only more so. They’re high-strung. They got temperament. They’re a lot of four-footed Garbos! And they all got their own, special pet companions. Most gen- erally it’s the stable dog. But sometimes they take a fancy to a cat, or even a pig. And I remember one famous case where a horse wouldn’t be happy without his pet rooster along.” TVTEVER slow on the uptake, Mr. Bell’s mentality sur- rounded the idea instantly. “You mean them two horses?” “Yeah. They’re stablemates. It’s a regular Damon and Python act,” declared Feedbox. “I got it straight from / a exercise boy that See Whisker goes completely off his feed when Holiday ain’t with him. He turns into such a nervous wreck he can’t possible win no races.” And Feedbox Phil laughed triumphantly. “Only Len- nox don’t know about it! He’s a strictly clubhouse owner that don’t never even set foot inside the stables. So he’s gone and entered Holiday in the third today—which same is a claiming race for one thousand bucks.” J. Edwin Bell did not know what a claiming race was. Feedbox explained the claiming race rule. Any horse entered in such an event could be purchased by dropping a bid in the steward’s box. As he explained, the large man produced a typewritten from his Technicolored sports garb. “I got the bid all writ out, making us joint owners of Holiday, so all you gotta do is sign a check for a thousand bucks,” he concluded. “After which, we bet a bale of dough against See Whisker on Saturday. The bookies is bound to be loaded with bets on the favorite, so there’s a cinch to be lots of lay-off coin looking for takers. And we take it, see?” Mr. Bell didn’t see, since he didn’t even know what lay-off money was. Mr. Bell’s gambling education had been neglected, owing to his lifelong habit of never risking a cent on any racket except his own. Moreover, he didn’t care what lay-off money meant. “Okay,” he grunted, and reached a skinny hand for his checkbook. He gave Feedbox Phil the signed check, but kept his thoughts to himself. And his thoughts were rapid ones. J. Edwin Bell was a Hollywood flesh peddler—a free- lance cinema agent who wrangled studio jobs for his clients, and collected ten percent of their salaries. In addition (Mr. Bell being very good at addition) he also collected anything else that wasn’t either padlocked or firmly nailed down. Thus arose the Hollywood rumor that J. Edwin had very taking ways. They claimed he would take the gold fillings from a client’s teeth, and then send the sucker a bill for dental services performed. Hence it may be guessed that Mr. Bell felt no tempta- tion to bet a bale of his dough on a herd - of horses run- ning around a circle to see which could get back first to where they started from. And much less was he tempted to split his take with Feedbox Phil. Thinking like lightning, the flesh peddler’s brain zig- zagged to a different idea of his own. “Hot dog!” he exulted. All he had to do was make a phone call, and write out another check. . . . CHORTLY thereafter, the flesh peddler inserted his lank ^ length next to the rail and fixed his monocled stare on the track. The horses were going to the post for the third race and a glance at the program had already informedHORSE OF ANOTHER COLLAR sx him that Holiday was number 7 in the procession. Likewise a glance at the tote board disclosed that odds were 294-1 against the Lennox entry. Why, became clear with the track announcer’s cry of, “They’re off!” For number 7 came out of the starting gate with all the alacrity of a sightseeing Sunday motorist. As the pack swept past the grandstand, Holiday was eating dust ten lengths behind the others. But not for long. Because, rounding into the backstretch, the dust had already settled before he caught up with it. In fact, if the jockey had been in any real hurry to go somewhere, he would have done well to jump off and get going on his own two feet. “Proving Feedbox was right!” reflected Mr. Bell con- tentedly. “That hay-hauler couldn’t make twenty miles per hour downhill with a high wind behind him! So it must be on account of See Whisker he wasn’t optioned out on a rag cart long ago!” Thus encouraged, the flesh broker betook his elegantly tailored self toward the track steward’s office. Feedbox Phil had the same impulse, so the pair poured through the doorway in a photo finish. The track steward, a functionary named Cabsley, greeted them with a puzzled frown and the remark that there seemed to be some misunderstanding. “You gentle- mn are claiming the same horse twice. You have—er, submitted two bids and two checks for one thousand dollars.” Cabsley couldn’t figure it out. Indeed, he couldn’t fig- ure out why anybody would want to claim Holiday even once. Feedbox Phil was also in the dark—in the midst of dark misgivings. “Bell!” he blurted. “You ain’t by any chance giving me the doublecross, or are you?” J. Edwin was, although not by mere chance. “Listen, Cabsley,” said the flesh peddler, “they’s only one bid that counts. Them checks is numbered, and by calling up the bank you can find I already stopped pay- ment on the first one. Which leaves me the sole, un- divided owner of Holiday!” “Why, you two-faced buzzard!” twanged Feedbox Phil. “Baloney,” scoffed Mr. Bell. “You didn’t put in noth- ing but your idea. And I t’run that out, because I got a better one of my own. . . FEEDBOX PHIL exited, but not before voicing loud opinions concerning J. Edwin Bell’s ancestry, moral character, and probable address in a future existence. The flesh peddler shrugged as the door slammed, for the squawk of the sucker was, as ever, music in his ears. And besides, Feedbox’s indignation proved that the deal was really a very good thing. “Imagine,” he chuckled. “That Technicolor tout trying to be partners with me!” Cabsley shook his head. “I’m afraid Mr. Swift couldn’t have complied with the—ah, other formality. You see, in order to claim a horse, you have to be a member in good standing of the Racing Owners’ Association.” Mr. Bell’s chuckle strangled in his scrawny throat. “Yeah? What’s the bite for that?” he barked. “Five hundred dollars per season, Mr. Bell. And it entitles you to cast a ballot at our annual election of officers, too.” Cabsley spoke with impressive emphasis. “Five C’s for one vote!” griped the screen agent. “Why, I could buy a whole precinct in a Presidential election for that!” “Doubtless,” shrugged the steward, “But racing is the sport of kings, not presidents, and its costs accordingly, ha-ha.” Feeling like a king who was being forced to sign his abdication proclamation, J. Edwin unhinged his check- book. “Oh, er. While you’re about it,” continued Cabsley, “of course the horse Will remain in the custody of the track management until your-ah, checks have gone through the bank in the morning. So there will be the additional nominal daily stable fee of fifteen dollars.” Mr. Bell yelped protest like the wail of an air-raid siren. “Fifteen fish for one day! Listen, all you gotta do is tie the nag up in a barn and throw him a armful of straw. He don’t need no private room and bath at the Ambassador hotel with his meals served to him in bed!” The steward shrugged. “A horse like Holiday doesn’t live on straw, my dear fellow. He must be fed a special, vitamized mash diet. He requires the services of an exercise boy, and a trainer to rub him down after his daily workout. You must realize you’re acquired a thoroughbred racing animal—” THE flesh peddler emerged into the California sun- shine with mingled feelings. In the first place, he felt like a guy who has just taken a fall out of his finances by writing checks totaling fifteen hundred and fifteen bucks. But in the second place, he also felt like a guy who is going to cash a check for ten grand! Moreover, it would be a check autographed by Mr. Bell’s oldest enemy..... “Meaning,” mused Mr. Bell, “by tomorrow morning Lennox is gonna be on his knees in my office, begging me to take a mere one thousand percent profit!” Tomorrow morning arrived on schedule, but Gus Len- nox didn’t. Instead, J. Edwin’s office slavey entered the inner office to announce that a Miss Day wanted to see him. “She says it’s about a horse,” continued the slavey, “and she wouldn’t listen when I tried to tell her the nearest bookie is in the cigar store around the corner.” For Mr. Bell’s office help was never very bright, owing to the fact that nobody with brains would hire out at the flesh broker’s prevailing, or Chinese coolie wage scale. “A dame huh? Must be Lennox’s private secretary,” muttered J. Edwin Bell. “Okay, send her in.” Miss Day came in; and it may be mentioned that she was indeed a very select\ensemble of femininity. Although wearing riding pants and an old sweater, the girl clearly had the figure of an Aquabelle. Moreover, her hair resembled strained honey, her lips were ruby, and she possessed eyes of songwriter’s blue. “Mr. Bell,” cried this vision breathlessly, “I’m Miss Holly Day, and my dad trains Mr. Lennox’s horses, and yesterday was all a mistake! So here’s your .money .back! ” And she spread ten crisp one-hundred-dollar Government engravings on the flesh peddler’s desk. “You see, Mr. Bell, Holiday isn’t really a race horse any more. He was crowded into the rail at Del Mar two32 ARGOSY years ago, and he broke his shoulder, and he can’t run a tiny bit fast since then.” J. Edwin Bell curved his lips into a thin grin. “Oh, yeah? Then what makes you so anxious to give my dough back?” “Because he was always my favorite from the time he was a colt,” the girl sighed. “And when he broke his shoulder—well, I made a pet of him. That’s why.” Mr. Bell’s grin became an audible laugh, like pebbles, revolving in a concrete mixer. “Please!” the blonde implored. Her slim, tanned hands trembled as she pushed the bank notes toward the flesh peddler. “Holiday shouldn’t have run in that race yester- day, and he wouldn’t have—only dad and I were both out at the stock farm. That’s the truth, and you’re really very lucky to get this money back.....” J. Edwin shook his head. “Cut out the sob-sister act,” he gibed. “It ain’t gonna get you no bargain basement rates from me. My price is ten grand—plus fifteen hundred and fifteen bucks expenses!” “Ten thou .... eleven thousand dollars!” choked Miss Holly Day unbelievingly. “Mr. Bell, please don’t joke about it.....If you’d seen' how sad he was in that strange stable last night—how he picked up his ears and whinnied when I went to him this morning—gee, it just brought tears to my eyes!” It didn’t bring a tear to the flesh peddler’s monocled orb. On the contrary, his predatory visage was more than ever that of a hungry vulture. “To show you how much I’m joking,” he retorted, “you can tell Gux Lennox the price is gonna be fifteen grand plus expenses if he waits another day! ” The girl stared. “Mr.' Lennox? But Mr. Lennox doesn’t even know—” “Utsnay.” Mr. Bell’s skinny hand practically didn’t even linger as he thrust the hundred-dollar bills away from him. “Take this chicken feed away from here, and tell Gus what I said 1 ” His tone left no room for argument. Blindly, Miss Da/ pushed the rejected wealth into her riding pants pocket and stumbled from the office. J. Edwin Bell helped himself to a cigar and a pleasur- able pipe dream, both of which were only half finished when the underpaid office girl again entered his sanc- tum. “This time,” she related, Pit's two men who want to see you about a horse.” Mr. Bell wasn’t surprised—yet. He’d figured it would- n’t be long before Gux Lennox sent emissaries bearing a higher offer. “Send ’em in.” Immediately after whiph, J. Edwin was surprised. BECAUSE the two guys who wanted to see him about a horse consisted of Feedbox Phil Swift, followed by another individual who looked like he was probably a direct descendent of Dracula. As a cinema agent, Mr. Bell naturally had a lot of experience in classifying human types; so it was easy for him to index the newcomer as belonging to the Government guest, or Alcatraz classification. | “Bell, meet Torpedo Tommy,” Feedbox greeted him grimly. “On accouht of you giving me the well-known freeze, I hadda get a new partner—and Torpedo is it.” “Pleased to meetcha, chum,” remarked Torpedo Tom- my from the southwest side of his swarthy ugly face. J. Edwin Bell wasn’t pleased. He had a severe super- stition about having his path crossed by dark-complected guys—especially when the dark-featured one used the corner of his mouth for carrying on conversation, and obviously used his coat pocket for carrying heavy hard- ware. “Ya see, Bell,” remarked Feedbox Phil, “Torpedo is going in with me, and investing his total finances in tak- ing up them bookie lay-off bets. Look here!” Mr. Bell looked at the large bundle of banknotes which. appeared in Feedbox’s hand. “On account of how Torpedo is kind of avoiding society until he cools off,” explained the tout, “he’s letting me handle the cash. Which I’m showing you, so’s you under- derstand he’d be very annoyed if See Whisker wins that race, after all.” J. Edwin gulped. “And when Torpedo gets annoyed,” stated Feedbox, “he is apt to go around letting daylight through people. He lets it through them in large round chunks, too, such as is caused by a .45 slug. You wouldn’t want that to happen to you, huh?” Mr. Bell glanced apprehensively at the easily annoyed Torpedo. That individual was peering interestedly at the large number of movie stars’ photos which adorned the screen agent’s wall. This struck J. Edwin as much more frightening than as if the guy had tried to act tough. “G-great s-slither- ing s-snakes, no!” slid from the flesh broker’s pallid lips. “Then,” intoned Feedbox coldly, “you better not try any tricks, like selling Holiday back to Gus Lennox be- fore the big race!” “Why,” struggled Mr. Bell, “I never had any such idea. Never even daydreamed of it.” Even as he spoke, however, the phone rang. Mr. Bell surrounded the instrument with chilly clutching fingers. “H-hello?” he quavered. rPHE voice was familiar, and feminine. “I did as you told me, and telephoned Mr. Lennox,” came Miss Holly Day’s soprano accents. “He’s on his way to the track now, and he wants to see you there immediately.” The flesh peddler started. The eye behind his monocle flashed a hectic Mazda gleam, induced by rapidly alter- nating currents of high-voltage - triumph and despair. Galvanic tremors shuddered through his well-tailored i form. His scheme had worked. He was all set to nick Gus Lennox for plenty! But if he did, he was liable to get himself perforated by Torpedo Tommy’s hardware. It looked like a short-circuit. It looked, in fact, as if Mr. Bell had been too smart for himself when he handed Feedbox Phil the run-around. For a heart-sickened in- stant, he regretted that episode of the stopped-payment check. . . . But for only a moment. Because right away his agile wits whirled to the obvious solution. What if his wires had got crossed? All he had to do was get busy and double cross them! “Okay,” he cried into the phone. “I’ll send somebody right over there.” “But,” protested the girl’s voice, “Mr. Lennox doesn’tHORSE OF ANOTHER COLLAR 33 want somebody. He asked you to come—personally.” “Yeah. I’ll take care of it—personally.” Replacing the phone in its cradle, J. Edwin Bell beamed brightly toward Torpedo Tommy. “You got me all wrong,” he asserted virtuously. “I ain’t merely just on the level, but I can prove it. That call was from Ketrell, Mogul’s casting director, offering a screen test which I’m gonna give you first crack at!” For the flesh peddler had not failed to note the fas- cinated interest with which Torpedo regarded the film fan photography on the wall. “Me?” goggled Torpedo Tommy. “Ya mean, to be a moom pitcher star?” “Why not?” asked Mr. Bell, who had not yet met any- one who didn’t want to become one. “Well,” hesitated Torpedo, “I never acted none.” “You won’t have to,” reassured J. Edwin. “It’s a test for a gangster pix, so all you gotta do is to be natch- eral.” And he thrust a scribbled address across the desk. “Here you are, Tommy. Be sure and see Mr. Ketrell himself, and make him understand you’ve had plenty of real-life tough-guy experiences. Because what they want in the flickers nowadays ain’t acting, it’s realism!” The real-life tough guy muttered dazedly, “Me in the moom pitchers. Oh boy, I hope they let me act with Ann Sheridan!” Mr. Bell coughed. “They will, Tommy. I’ll fix it up for you so they do.” “Oh, boy.” Torpedo shot out of there, leaving Feedbox staring hard at the flesh peddler. “That wasn’t so smart, Bell,” he voiced dangerously. “Ann Sheridan don’t act in any Mogul pictures. And Torpedo ain’t liable to, neither! He’s apt to be annoyed at you when he finds them things out, you phoney.” Chuckling mysteriously, the flesh peddler moved to the office window and watched Torpedo Tommy bolt into a cab in the street below. Whereupon, his chuckle became a large loud horselaugh. “You ought to read all the papers, Feedbox, instead of merely the handicappers’ columns,” advised J. Edwin. “So you’d know there has been a terrific scandal in Holly- wood about hoodlums crashing in as movie extras. It’s being investigated by the F.B.I.—and Ketrell is the G-guy on the Mogul lot. Something tells me he’s gonna sign Torpedo up on a long term contract, such as twenty years to life!” And Mr. Bell clapped on his derby and issued into the street, feeling like two boy scouts who had both done their good deeds for the day. “Taxi!” he caroled merrily. “Hollydale Race Track—” THE CLUBHOUSE enclosure into which the taxicab rolled was brilliant with the same brand of Cali- fornia sunshine as yesterday, although at this a. m. hour the scene lacked the glitter of Hollywood glamour. The only Hollywood personality in sight was Gus Len- nox leaning against the track rail, and Gus Lennox didn’t glitter. He glowered—at the stop-watch . in his hand. Miss Holly Day had also arrived, and she didn’t look very happy, either. Indeed, her blue eyes were tragically fixed no the paddock where an exercise boy slowly walked a race horse up and down. Obviously the thoroughbred had been put through his paces for Lennox’s benefit, and was now being cooled off. For the sunshine glinted on the crystal of a stop- watch in the girl’s slender fingers. And finally, the big gray-haired man beside her similarly grasped a docker’s timepiece. The build-up failed to impress J. Edwin Bell. “Utsnay!” he jeered as he climbed out of the cab. “You know it don’t make any difference how fast that nag can’t go from here to somewhere else, ha-ha!” Gus Lennox whirled at the sound of the Bell. “So, you crooker—” growled the Mogul producer, “your price begins from ten thousand bucks, on up?” “Plus expenses,” stated Mr. Bell firmly. ' The two old enemies eyed each Other, like gladiators about to launch the death thrust. Gus Lennox appeared over-matched. For the pro- ducer weighed in at less poundage than a racing jockey, besides being as bald and brown and shriveled as a weatherworn peanut. However, Mr. Lennox had not become the big boss of Mogul Films by being kicked around until he accidentally came out on top. Nor had he acquired a super-surtax income by letting loose of ten thousand lettuce every time, some Hollywood chiseler tried to make green salad of his bankroll. Now he fired the first salvo. “Well, Bell, it gives me pleasure to tell you personal—so I can see your face when you hear the news! Which is, I ain’t paying you ten grand. Or even ten cents! Because this Holiday is such a slow skate, I wouldn’t take him back even for a free gift horse!” J. Edwin Bell wasn’t fooled. He wasn’t fooling, either. Grim, threatening sound percolated upward from his tonsils. “Oh, yeah?” he jeered. “Then you ain’t gonna win any $25,000 Movie Picture Handicap on Saturday!” Gus Lennox blinked bewilderment. “Bell, you’re crazy! I should enter Holiday in the Handicap—in a big, colossal A-grade production which my See Whisker is the leading star of?” T'HE fljesh peddler sniffed. “I guess you ain’t heard, *	Gus. It so happens your Class A horse and my Class B oat-burner is strictly a double-feature attraction—and you come in at the middle! Because them two nags is pals! If you let Holiday go, it’s gonna bust See Whisk- er’s heart. He’ll go off his feed, and not even sleep nights. Meaning he couldn’t win that Handicap even if all the other horses in it hadda run backwards!” Gus Lennox recoiled. His pinched features lost their peanut brown, and assumed a faded, flop-house blanket pallor. He pivoted drunkenly toward the big, gray-haired man. “Day!” he howled. “You’re my horse trainer. Why don’t you tell me these things?” Before the gray-haired man could tell him anything, the girl interfered. “Nonsense,” she declared. “Far from being pals, those two horses are actually so jealous of each other that they’d fight at the drop of a halter! ” J. Edwin shrugged. “Baloney. She’s trying to double- cross you and buy the horse herself. I got it practically straight from your exercise boy that See Whisker ain’t worth his salt without Hcfliday being on hand to keep him company and encourage him.”34 ARGOSY Sudden laughter came from the grey-haired trainer. “So that’s it! Good Lord, Mr. Lennox, this is funny! The exercise boy wasn’t talking about Holiday—he meant my daughter, Holly Day 1” J. Edwin Bell experienced a quick foreboding, like a neutral nation’s living next door to a dictator. Miss Holly Day—and Holliday—added up in his mind, and the an- swer was a total financial zero! The gray-haired man’s voice went on, “You see, Mr. Lennox, my daughter practically raised both of those horses from tiny colts. Holiday was always her favorite, and so we named him after her. But she’s had a lot to do with training See Whisker, too. Horses apparently just take to certain people. That’s why one jockey can be suc- cessful with an animal that no other jock can even get into the money with. So that explains—” Mr. Bell knew what it explained. He really didn’t need to listen to the rest at all. The exercise boy had really meant that See Whisker didn’t do so well when Miss Holly Day wasn’t around to help train him. J EDWIN’S eye was a wide circle of dismay behind •	its monocle. Cold shivers played tag around the in- terior of his Bond Street costume. His cash-register brain gears whirred and ground out jangling speech: “Suffering serpents! And I paid fifteen hundred and fifteen bucks for a horse which would have to borrow a bicycle to even beat a traffic light!” Miss Holly Day reached into her riding pants pocket to produce crisp banknotes and a bill of sale. “This is my own money, Mr. Bell,” she said, “and my offer still stands.” The flesh peddler hesitated. But only for a moment! Because, believe it or not, he already had another idea. Maybe Holiday wasn’t any bargain in horseflesh. But at least one guy in the world firmly believed otherwise. Feedbox Phil! And Feedbox had that bankroll of Torpedo Tommy’s. Feedbox could—and would—be glad to buy Holiday, so as to protect his lay-off bets. Mr. Bell figured this out fast, and he also figured he couldn’t possibly lose. He could always fall back on the girl’s standing offer, couldn’t he? J. Edwin thought he could, and therefore he swung around to the cab driver. “Jehu!” he barked. “How much to drive back slow, so’s I can lead the nag behind us?” For the flesh peddler’s financial plans did not include any more fifteen-dollar-per-day accommodations in Holi- day’s future. The cabby ruminated; “Le’ see now. A horse walks about five miles a hour. Figgering my time should be worth two-fifty per hour for me and my heap, that makes—” “That makes too much!” snarled the flesh broker. He waggled his skinny hand at the exercise boy. “C’mon over here, and get off that bang-tail!” Miss Day gasped. “You mean—?” “Yeah! I’m gonna save cab fare!” For Mr. Bell’s instincts, as previously noted, were of a glue-like consistency in financial matters. Thus commanded, the exercise youth cantered his steed into the enclosure. He got out of the saddle, and Mr. Bell got into it. Although Mr. Bell did not look much like Gene Autry in the process, to be sure. For J. Edwin’s method of arriving aboard a horse was that of first climbing on top of the nearest fence, and then sort of shinnying up the rest of the way. Shinnying, he did get into the saddle—and facing the same way the horse was, too. So far, so good. For the rest, his position rather missed the orthodox, style in horsemanship. The flesh-peddler’s legs were somewhat longer than the exercise boy’s, of course. Indeed, they were a lot longer. So when Mr. Bell inserted his patent-leather footgear into the stirrups, his knees angled up to where he was liable to knock his chin on them. This unusual stance naturally left no room for his elbows, except by sticking them straight out. All in all, his appearance on the postage-stamp saddle was about as graceful as that of an medieval victim in a torture chair. That was just how he looked. How he felt was worse, because it included the sen- sation of being much higher in the air than he had ex- pected. The cabby stung by the loss of his fare, chortled a vengeful: “Giddapl” ' Mr. Bell had no intention of giddapping; he preferred to sit still awhile, and gradually get used to his new sur- roundings. But the cabby wasn’t talking to J. Edwin. He had addressed his remark to Holiday, and the horse obeyed. Moreover, he did not dally around by starting at a walk. He began by doing his best right away—and while Holiday’s best was not good enough to win any races, still it was plenty fast enough for the flesh peddler. “Whoa!” wailed the agent, jerking both hands on the reins as hard as he could. It turned out, though, that Mr. Bell had both hands wrapped around just one rein. TTOLIDAY wheeled on a dime and gave a nickel in change. But J. Edwin Bell took in a lot more territory than that. His orbit included about twenty yards of the clubhouse enclosure, after which the flesh broker staggered to his feet in a state of extensive sar- torial disrepair. In fact, he was practically all disrepaired. Large divots of cloth flapped loosely from his nude knees, his coat was split up the back, and his derby looked like it had been kicked around by two Rose Bowl teams. Miss Day’s choked voice assailed his eardrums. “You fool, you made Holiday f-fall and b-break his neck!” J. Edwin Bell peered through the cracked glass of his monocle and saw the motionless body of the thoroughbred. The sight turned his blood to red ink. Because even he wasn’t financial wizard enough to sell a dead horse to Feedbox Phil! “He can’t be dead! I fell farther than he did, and I’m still alive!” gulped the flesh broker. “Get up, Holi- day!” He caughf up the reins, jerked them..... “He’s d-dead, all right, or he’d m-move!” the girl sobbed. “Mr. Bell, I’ll give you a hundred dollars for hirn the w-way he is. It’s w-worth it to see the poor thing gets a d-decent b-burial.” “Gimmie,” muttered J. Edwin in abject surrender. “But you’ll have to s-sign the b-bill of s-sale! I don’tHORSE OF ANOTHER COLLAR 35 t-trust y-you not to t-take my m-money, and then sell him to a g-glue factory,” Miss Pay asserted tremulously. Mr. Bell signed it, and counted his hundred dollar bill one an'd a half times—not twice, because before he got that far, the girl had snapped her fingers. “Holy shivering snakes!” gusted the flesh peddler. Twin fires of dismay kindled in his sallow cheeks. The thoroughbred had come to life! And to his feet, too. . . “It’s a gag!” “A trick,,” nodded the girl. “I told you he was my pet, Mr. Bell. He knows lots of other tricks besides playing dead, and he does them all .by hand signals.” Assorted language came to J. Edwin’s lips, and then he had to think up an entirely fresh supply of adjec- tives. He had to, for he heard another voice: “That horse is worth anyway two thousand dollars,” Gus Lennox was commenting. “No,” Holly Day shook her head firmly. “I’m sorry, but I couldn’t bear to sell him to anyone now that he’s really and truly mine.” The Mogul producer laughed. “I mean two thousand a week salary,” he corrected. “It’s an idea like practically I always I get one from Bell’s shennigans. He mentions about double features, and then right away shows me a trick horse that can be a great animal star like foi in- stance Rin-Tin-Tin used to be!” Mr. Bell shuddered. The dame was going to collect two thousand bucks a week! Gus Lennox had himself a box-office draw! And what did J. Edwin get for authoring all this good fortune? A fourteen hundred and fifteen dollar loss, was all. Or was it all? It seemed there was more and worse, for now a second taxicab braked at the clubhouse entrance. Torpedo Tom- my leaped out of the machine, looking exclusively annoyed about something or other. “Wait a minute,” he growled to his cabbie. “I gotta go see that buzzard-faced guy, on account of I lost the address he wrote down for me to go and get screen-tested.” But Mr. Bell did not overhear this remark. He had leaped over the fence, and into high gear. The recently rolled racing oval looked highly suitable for running pur- poses, so J. Edwin Bell aimed a course straight down the homestretch. “Why!” gasped Miss Holly Day, staring first at the flesh broker’s retreating form and then at her stopwatch. “Why, he’s going much faster than the official track record!” But We Still Speak English TT’S been some time now since we’ve run into that gag about the man who’s busy reading “The Works”, by *	Shakespeare; but there seems to be a growing apprehension in this country that the gag is better known than the poet. Or in other words, that Americans are losing touch with their literary background, and wouldn’t know a classical allusion when they saw it at two paces in clear weather. Take, for example, the complaint of Amy Loveman in the Saturday Review of Literature: a writer used, to take it for granted that any old reference he threw into his stuff would click with the readers and save him time. One reference to the prodigal son or forty pieces of silver or a peak in Darien, one mention of Caliban, one mere phrase such as “Not that I love Caesar less—” and the reader was right in line with what was going on. No more. Hardly anybody (so goes the complaint) now reads the Bible, or Keats, or Shakespeare, or any of the other great works that have shucked out quotations for generations of Americans. It may be so. We remember an excellent but somewhat testy laboratory instructor back at college who once reprimanded a chortling student with the quotation, “The loud laugh that speaks the vacant mind” (Goldsmith, you know: The Deserted Village), which she attributed to Shakespeare. Student couldn’t argue her out of it, either. But at least she knew the quotation, even though she didn’t quite grasp its meaning. THEN there was the English class in the same college, and the day when it tackled Bacon’9 essay on Truth. “‘What is truth?’ said jesting Pilate; and would not stay for an answer.” The professor read that and beamed on his class and asked, with casual confidence, who jesting Pilate was. Exactly one student remembered his Bible well enough to give a correct answer—or any answer. Maybe something ought to be done about this, but we don’t know quite what. There are those who hold out hope for a reawakening interest in the classics via radio and the movies (children nowadays will tell you without hesitation that Thomas A. Edison was Mickey Rooney and Spencer Tracy; that Don Ameche invented the tele- phone and Paul Muni licked the problem of hydrophobia). But what to do about the people who won’t listen to the radio or go to the movies? We just walked all over an assistant here who cut the expression, “I should of stood in bed”, out of a story because he’d never heard of it and it didn’t make sense to him. The fact that he memorized the Quality of Mercy speech (Shakespeare: The Merchant of Venice) in grade school, and still remembers most of it, is no excuse. On the contrary. STILL and all, we aren’t too worried, and won’t be as long as people are reading ARGOSY. Why, our writers use classical references all the time—ancient, modern, and contemporary. Remember that story, “Mr. Emer- son Please Copy”, and how it explained the origin of the philosopher’s famous crack about consistency? Sure. * And take right in this issue (page 47)—the story entitled “And a Hickory Tree”. Allusion there, all right. (But don’t ask us where it came from. Not now, anyway.) As for history and tradition, both American and English, our readers lap it up in the stories of ARGOSY au- thors like Ted Roscoe, Phil Ketchum, Roy Horn, and Bob Carse. It’s good, stuff, founded on careful research; while we keep printing things like that, American readers aren’t going to lose sight of their background. And we’re going to keep right on printing things like that. —The Editorsv r A True Story in Pictures POLAR EXPLORER [OALD He LEFT THE UNIVER- Scott reached it a month \ f LATER---HIS DIARIES REeORDED evidences of Amundsen's priority—* BUT DIED IN A BLIZZARD ON THE RETURN TRIP. SITY OF CHRISTIANA 70	\ " * FOLLOW THE SEA LIKE HIS W ' STURDY NORWEGIAN FOREFATHERS. FIRST A WHALER. THEN AH ANTARCTIC EXPLORER, IN 1903 HE ATTEMPTED TO SAIL WESTWARD AROUND NORTH AMERICA. FROZEN IN FOR 2 YEARS, HE TREKKED BY SLED TO THE- /am&sm MAGNETIC POLE, WAS CUT OFF BY A POLAR. BEAR AUDITS ’ ei/6 i&wm Jg! W * ..^ JJe JUST MADE THE SHIP JfW	» '^■■YiHEN HIS 006 DIVERTED (W	^ _ THEIR ATTENTION. «	But in me, he reached '■ ' THE PAQIFI&, THE FIRST l/VHITE MAN TO NEGOTIATE THE NORTHWEST PASSAGE/FOUR. YEARS LATER HE SET OUT FOR THl ..SOUTH POLE,RELYING ON 100HUSKYD06SA6AINST THE MOTOR SLED AND MANCHURIAN PONIES \	OF SCOTT, THE ENGLISHMAN, HIS MOST DANGEROUS RIVAL. BRAVING BUZZARDS OF 76 BELOW ZERO THE W-YEAR-OLD AMUNDSEN AND S eOMPANIONS PLAN TED U) THEIR. FLAG AT THE POLE ON Si VEe. 14-, 1911. 'HE TRAMPED VI OVER. A LARGE AREA TO f ____BE SURE HE HAD STOOD 1^3 V AT THE POLE:. 36For years Roald tried TO FLY TO THE NORTH POLE. IN 1925, tV/TH S COMPANIONS IN 2 PLANES, HE GAME WITHIN 100 MILES OF HIS OBJECTIVE. VOWNED FOR 28 DAYS BY MOTOR TROUBLE, THEIR SUPPLIES KAN OUT. TRAMPING A RUNAWAY ON THE ICE, THEY FINALLY The NEXT YEAR,HOWEVER, AS CO-COMMANDER OP THE , DIRIGIBLE "KOR.GE", HE FLEW ' OVER THE TOP OF THE WORLD FROM SPITZBEROEN TO . ALASKA AND BECAME THE , FIRST MAN TO REACH •V.	BOTH POLES / T3 1931 A PHOTO . TAKEN FROM THE \ GRAF ZEPPELIN''ON AN ARQTie GRUISE,SHOWED OUTLINE OF A PLANE AGAINST AN iQE FIELD. IT WAS THOUGHT TO BE AMUNDSEN'S UNTIL A CHECK REVEALED IT *5 AN INADVERTENT DOUBLE EXPOSURE. The fate of Amundsen and his MEN HAS REMAINED A MYSTERY TO THIS PAV/ Coming Soon: Lord Degborough—Adventurer-of-All-TradesFollowing Thorpe into the admiral's cabin,, Dr. Ayres saw the kid approach the admiral's bed- side table Murder Goes to Seo By Allan R. Bosworth lyHE (killer is there among them as the U.S.S. Consola- -*■ tion—hospital ship of the Pacific Fleet—stands out to sea on her fantastic double errand: to rescue sailors from a pig-boat coffin, and to be a courtroom for crime. Lieutenant McQuaid, engineering officer of the sub- marine Starfish, has been murdered—his head crushed by a blunt instrument—in the Sick Officers’ Quarters of the Naval hospital on the California coast. The crime followed the mysterious sinking of the Star- fish on a trial run, with the loss of twenty-two men in the flooded after compartment. Besides McQuaid, those saved on the first trip of the rescue ship Algonquin’s diving bell were: Lieutenant Everett Brill ii, the submarine’s com- mander, whom McQuaid had accused of being drunk after an altercation on the boat; Mike Way, chief torpedoman and master diver, who found a bottle on the skipper and hid it in the boat be- cause it smelled of alcohol; CARnoNi, machinist’s mate, who had threatened Mc- Quaid because Cardoni’s brother was in the doomed after compartment when the lieutenant shut the door against the inrushing water; Kowalski, another sailor; and John Thorpe, the jit- tery youngster of the crew; The two civilian observers for Westco Iron Works, builder of the Starfish: Victor Melhorne, chief engi- neer, and Foster Bedell, naval architect. ALL of these men were in S.O.Q. when McQuaid was murdered. But there were others there that night, several other people who were close to the crime: Gruff old Admiral J. K. Wetherbee, retired, laid up with a broken leg, whose carefully kept journal is to throw interesting light on what happened; Evelyn Brill, the submarine commander’s daughter, who is following the family career as a Navy nurse; Martin West, submarine builder, who is worried more about his Government contract for more boats than about the men left in the Starfish. Barbara, his cafe-society daughter. News of the murder having leaked out through West the entire group—civilians and Navy people alike—are ordered aboard the hospital ship Consolation, where they are in charge of young Dr. Vincent Ayres naval surgeon, who is in love with Evelyn Brill. OO	FAR the doctor’s investigation has brought out a ^ number of important facts. Presumable murder weapon is a broken billiard cue taken by the night watchman from young John Thorpe, who can’t explain how he got it. , But a nurse’s cape, blood-stained and rain-soaked was found on the balcony outside the murdered man’s’ room; and that cape, by her own admission, belongs to Evelyn Brill. Barbara West confesses later that she saw the cape and picked it up to shield her against the rain after she had visited Melhorne’s room. In explaining her presence there, she reveals that she is engaged to Melhorne. Lieutenant Brill, meanwhile, has been ordered arrested and held in his cabin on the Consolation, though head- quarters has not specified the charges. Brill tells Dr. Ayres that the bottle Mike Way took from him contained not liquor, but elixir terpin hydrate which he was taking for his cough. And that bottle is in the sunken submarine, where Way hid it.... This story began in the Argosy for March 15MURDER GOES TO SEA 39 CHAPTER XI “—WILL STRIKE AGAIN!” EVELYN BRILL left her father’s room with a des- perate hopelessness gripping the pit of her stomach. Lieutenant Brill’s mental attitude was infectious: it showed in every line of his weathered face and in the beaten slump of his shoulders. That other time—after the collision when he was execu- tive officer in the Bolton—he was still a fighter, and his determination to win against the charges, Evelyn thought, had been mainly responsible for his winning. She knew that Everett Brill, fighting to keep bright a name that had been on Navy rolls for a long time. This one was a strangar. Twenty-five men remained entombed alive on the sea’s bottom, and their skipper had left his courage with them in the cold, stinking torpedo room. With every hour, he had grown more certain that his arrest had nothing to do with the murder: they were hold- ing him responsible, he said, for the loss of his ship. For her loss, and the deaths of the men in the after compart- ment. Nothing could cheer him. Evelyn forced a parting smile, kissed the tip of his ear, and went topside on her way to the nurses’ quarters. A girl couldn’t be Navy always. Some- times you had to cry. She saw big Mike Way leaning on the rail, yonder, watching the Algonquin in the fading twilight. And Bar- bara West came out on deck wearing a dark, fur-trimmed frock smart enough for evening, and leaving that subtle perfume in her wake. She didn’t see Evelyn, but went toward the rail where the chief torpedoman stood. She walked with a slinky gait. Predatory, the girl who had to wear plain white drill told herself—and went to her room hating Barbara at the moment. Nurse Mae Kennedy was at Evelyn’s door. She was plump, and something about her inspired delirious sailors to clasp her hand and mutter “Mother! ” And just now she looked as miserable as Evelyn felt. “I’m—I’m going to be very ill!” she moaned. “Before I die, I want to tell you—the admiral—wants to see you.” She lurched for her room across the passageway as the Consolation rolled. “Right away!” she gasped, and van- ished inside. Evelyn smiled, despite herself. At least,'she had been spared seasickness. She gathered up the notes she had taken on the temperature charts, and went to the admiral’s room. TTE CALLED, “Come in!” and a corpsman left the room with his supper tray. It contained, Evelyn noted, the inevitable turkey leg bone. Admiral Wetherbee waved to S chair. “Finally put me where I belong,” he boomed. “Should have been at sea all the time. Need a turn or two around deck though. The doctor told me I might be transferred to the mechanized forces tomorrow.” '“Mechanized forces?” Evelyn said. “Wheelchair brigade.” He chuckled. Then, soberly, “How’s your father?” Evelyn told him, and there was a strange glint under his shaggy brows. “Just like the Navy. Keeps a man on pins and needles, never telling him what his next tour of duty will be till the last minute. Then it’s something he doesn’t want.” “I almost hate it!” Evelyn said in a cold, flat tone. “If Dad gets—beached, I’ll resign. I’ll take up nursing on the Outside!” “H’m,” said Admiral Wetherbee. “I expected you to turn to the Outside, some day ... but not as a civilian. No. I was quite sure you’d be a Navy wife.” “I’ll never marry a Navy man! I won’t sit home worry- ing and waiting. Like the families of those men in the Starfish! Like my mother used to do. I’d want a home. Not here today and gone tomorrow, but one home—for always!” She got restlessly from the chair and looked out of the porthole. Full darkness lay on the sea, but the Algonquin’s lights rode the swells over yonder, and she could see mast- head blinkers winking on a destroyer which was standing by beyond. There were Navy men on the Algonquin who hadn’t given up fighting: men brave beyond the line of duty each time they volunteered to dive two hundred and forty feet down, under that rolling, shifting pressure. The admiral said, softly, “They brought three more of them aboard this evening, Evelyn ... Yes, there are easier ways of making a living than being in the Navy.” His voice became gruff again. “Sit down. I sent for you because I wanted to talk about the murder.” Evelyn obeyed. “We don’t seem to be getting any- where,” she sighed. “Evidence points to Thorpe, but it couldn’t have been that boy!” “Could have been anybody,” said the admiral. “Think you’re right, though. Not that Thorpe wouldn’t be capa- ble of murder—I haven’t more than had a glimpse or two at him, you understand, but psychologists say that all of us are potentially killers. “But I don’t think it was Thorpe, because whoever murdered McQuaid was a colder, shrewder, more cal- culating type. An older person.” “Whom do you suspect?” The admiral shook his head. “Too long a list to go over. But I’m afraid we haven’t seen the last of it. You be very careful. Lock your door, and keep a sharp lookout at all times. Don’t go out on deck after dark.” “You mean—” There was a knock at the door. The admiral lowered his voice. “The murderer is still a shipmate of ours,” he said. “Come in!" It was Vince Ayres. The light glinted from his glasses. His long face was grave and pale. Evelyn rose slowly, an unasked question in her eyes. “Mike Way,” Vince said, “He’s disappeared!” TT TOOK a minute for the full significance of these words to make itself felt. Evelyn was dimly conscious of the deck’s lift and fall; two successive swells rolled be- neath the Consolation, and she thought: Men disappear only in one way at sea! An incredibly sharp picture unrolled before her like a movie flashback. Mike Way’s silhouette against the twi- light sky and the tossing sea, and Barbara West’s slinking approach behind his back. She tried to shut her mind against this before it went on, into a scene of her mind’s own invention. . . . Vince was talking, “—at supper, all right. But I had40 ARGOSY the word passed for him, and no luck. Then I called on the master-at-arms force. They searched all the way down to the double bottoms. He isn’t aboard.” “Did you report this to Captain McKee?” asked the admiral. Vince nodded. “I had to. They turned searchlights on the water, but didn’t find anything. Then”—he bit his lip—“a seaman found his cap on deck. Forward. “The way this sea is running, if a man fell over the side he’d have to be a pretty good swimmer to keep afloat very long.” He was breaking things gradually, Evelyn realized. Out of consideration for her. Vince knew that Mike Way practically worshiped the deck Everett Brill walked on, and that if Brill were ac- cused in the loss of his ship, Mike’s testimony might prove of great value. The big chief torpedoman had been in the control room when the Starfish made her trial dives. . . . The admiral rumbled, “It’s not likely he fell over. I’d just reminded Evelyn that we still are shipmates with a murderer. And it’s my belief, doctor, that the killer will strike again. “Young lady, let me see the notes you took today.” He skimmed through them rapidly, turning back now and then to read some passages twice. The girl and Vince Ayres sat in silence. Evelyn told herself it was impossible for Barbara West to have been responsible for Mike Way’s disappearance. Oh, a child might be able to push a man over the side, but a man as big and strong as Mike Way would have to be unconscious before he hit the water, else— UTT DOESN’T tie in!” the admiral complained. “It -Imight have, a,little bit, until this thing happened. “Way couldn’t have known what happened aft in the Starfish, like McQuaid. Way didn’t hold a grudge against the captain, like McQuaid. He thought there’s no better skipper in the Navy.” “Nothing ties in,” Vince said bitterly. A sudden thought struck him. “Unless Mike Way discovered something we don’t know about; unless he stumbled onto something just tonight, and the murderer knew it.” A pharmacist’s mate who wore a white laboratory apron looked in the door, saw Vince Ayres, and entered. “Excuse me, Dr. Ayres,” he said. “We’ve finished the microscopic and chemical examination of that billiard cue. Apparently the rain washed away practically everything, but—” Vince was impatient. “But what?” “There is an unmistakable trace of blood, sir, on the cue’s heavy end.” Vince looked quickly at the other two. Evdyn said, “That boy?” and the admiral frowned quizzically. “Very well,” Vince said slowly. “Thank you. And you will please make a written report of your findings, but keep it secret.” “Aye, aye, sir.” ADMIRAL WETHERBEE looked up when the man had gone. “There’s enough circumstantial evidence, of course, to hang young Thorpe. But circumstantial evi- dence isn’t enough, and I’m against it. “You’re a doctor. You saw McQuaid. Could that billiard cue been the murder weapon?” “If enough blows were struck, I think it could have,” Vince said. “My impression would be that something heavier was used. Unfortunately, I didn’t have time to make a more thorough examination.” “There’ll be a post-mortem at the hospital, of course,” the admiral kid. “Now, you’ve questioned Thorpe and had an opportunity to observe him. What do you think?” “You know his type, admiral. They join the Navy too young to adjust themselves to a man’s outfit. They’re the ones who get most of the inaptitude discharges. “Thorpe probably was something of a mamma’s boy on the Outside; he undoubtedly came in for a lot of razzing and horseplay in the Navy. Add to that the very severe nervous shock suffered in the Starfish, and you have a person who might well develop a complex, or a fixation. “But in Thorpe’s case, you’d scarcely expect it to find an outlet in murder.” The admiral nodded. “Are you going to have him thrown in the brig?” “What good would that do?” asked Vince. “He can’t very well get away. I’d like to watch him for the present.” .. . Evelyn left presently, and Vince Ayres walked down the passageway with her, turning aside to go to the radio room. As they parted, he caught her hand and squeezed it briefly. “Tired?” he asked. “A little. It seems ten years since—since all this began to happen.” “I know it does. Evelyn, you’re dead game. But you’re too lovely—too sweet—to be in any place where you can get mixed up in such a tragic mess! After it’s all cleared up, I-” She interrupted. “Good night, Vince. Will you let me know if they find out anything—about Mike Way, I mean?” “Of course,” he said huskily, and looked after her with a strange expression. She locked the door of her room, and for a long while she leaned by the porthole, watching the Algonquin’s lights. Signal blinkers were going, like fireflies caught at the masthead, and she could see the faint stirring of men on deck. Still diving, she thought; and a sense of the passage of time struck her with a sudden pang. Those men in the Starfish had been waiting nearly sixty hours. RADIO USS CONSOLATION ELEVENTH 2105 BT SIMMONS INTELLIGENCE NINETEENTH NAVAL BT IMPORTANT PLEASE QUESTION MCCARTHY NIGHT WATCHMAN ABOUT ENCOUNTER WITH THORPE NIGHT OF MURDER. MUST BE SURE WHAT WEAPON HE USED CLUBBING THORPE. BT VINCE AYRES. TOD 2115. CHAPTER XII THE DEAD DON’T WALK CAPTAIN McKEE of the Consolation sent for Vince. He was a medical corps officer, but if there had been stars on his sleeves instead of maple leaves, no more mili- tary-looking line officer could have been found afloat. As it was, navigational duties and the responsibility, for the operation of the ship fell upon a line officer of com- mander’s rank. The tall, erect doctor was at his desk when Vince en-MURDER GOES TO SEA 41 tered, and he stood on no military ceremony now. He motioned to a chair and offered Vince a cigar. “This chief who disappeared,” he began. “Way. A very good man, I understand.” “Yes, sir,” Vince said. There was a saying that chief petty officers were the backbone of the Navy. It applied, Vince thought, to the brass-buttoned men of Mike Way’s caliber. “He had something like twelve years’ service,” the captain went on. “He was a master diver. Record—I have it here—is perfect. “Cited for bravery over and beyond the line of duty in diving to recover the bodies of five men killed in the crash of a PB-Y plane. Cited for heroism in the rescue of a seaman who fell overboard from the destroyer Bolton.” “I didn’t know about that, sir,” Vince said. “And I had him for a patient once—with the bends. He was mod«st.” He wondered what Captain McKee was getting at. The captain rose and paced thoughtfully across the deck. “It would be a shame to spoil such a record, wouldn’t it? I mean, if, technically, the chief had deserted—or jumped ship.” “I don’t understand,” Vince said. “Do you mean—” “I mean”—McKee smiled—“that Chief Mike Way isn’t lost at sea at all. No, by golly, and I don’t think a man with his courage and stamina ever will be! He merely swam over to the Algonquin; he Reported aboard and asked permission to be allowed to dive.” “Why, the big damned fool!” Vince exclaimed. “With those ribs of his! He kept asking me if I could fix up a transfer, and I put him off; I told him to wait.” Captain McKee nodded grimly. “And it’s hard to wait while your shipmates are on the bottom. It was too hard for Mike Way. Well, he’s over there, now. The captain of the Algonquin reported a little while ago. And I’m won- dering what to do.” Vince shook his head. “Well, if a man can swim a quarter of a mile....” “That’s what I thought. By golly, if the medical of- ficer in the Algonquin will let him dive, why should we put a red mark on a record like his? I wanted to ask you; you’re in charge of this murder inquiry. Do you need Way?” “No,” Vince said. He smiled, picturing the surprise on the salvage tug when the big, ugly diver came splashing alongside and called for a line. No, sir. I may have to ask him some questions later, but they can wait. And I hope he’s lucky! ” “I hope,” Captain McKee said fervently, “that God’s holding on to his lifeline when he’s forty fathoms down!” "ITINCE called Evelyn Brill on her room telephone, and ’ told her the good news. He heard the quick, joyous catch of her breath, and a sound suspiciously like sobbing. He laughed, and said: “Now you can sleep, Evelyn. And I’ve got a hunch that things are going to break for us—that this mess will be straightened out.” She was her father’s daughter. She said, “If anybody can secure that downhaul cable in a sea like this, it’s Mike Way!” Vince went out on deck for a breath of fresh air. Only the standing lamps were burning, casting their bluish, unreal glow in little circles. A thin scudding of clouds blew across the sky, and shrouded a moon that had a luminous ring around it. That was a familiar portent. More stormy weather, Vince thought, and watched the lights of a new ship coming up over the rolling swells. Somebody called up to the bridge, and the signalman of the watch answered that she was the Westsal—Westco’s salvage ship. And then Martin West puffed out on deck, his seasick- ness past, with Foster Bedell and Victor Melhorne fol- lowing him respectfully. They watched from the rail until the Westsal had an- chored and was swinging with the tide. West said, “I’ll want you both over there to direct operations. We’ll have to act quickly. Pacific Maritime is probably already trying to move in on the Government contracts we should have.” Melhorne’s thin voice said, “If we can get away from fhis damned murder investigation!” But Foster Bedell was more positive. He said quietly, I’ll go aboard her in the morning, Mr. West.” They turned below, talking earnestly and in a low tone. Vince lighted the cigar Captain McKee had given him, and watched the dark, swinging rush of the water by the ship’s side. Anything to help speed the rescue of those twenty-five men in the Starfish— If Melhorne and Bedell were needed to direct the salvage operations on the civilian ship, the murder inquiry could wait. He heard a light footfall across the deck, and turned casually. What he saw brought him around, watching tensely. A man in pajamas and a Navy white hat—a barefoot man—was walking yonder with a strange, mechanical gait, his hands thrust before him. John Thorpe! TN THAT instant, the danger of the lad’s going over the -•-side struck Vince Ayres, and he was torn between the wish to watch Thorpe for a minute and the wisdom of seizing him immediately. He started softly across the deck, and Thorpe saved him from having to make a decision. Thorpe turned and entered the passageway that led between two of the wards. Vince Ayres followed. It was after taps, and the lights were dim. Nobody else was stirring. Thorpe came to a ladder leading to the deck below, and went part of the way down it. The hand chains rattled, but the young sailor still moved as if he were asleep. From above, Vince could see the stenciled name on the brim of the white hat. THORPE, JOHN. Thorpe turned slowly, and came back up. His eyes, apparently unseeing, looked straight at the doctor. He moved aft along the passageway. A buzzer sounded, and Vince saw the red light go on above a door. Admiral Wetherbee’s door. A hospital corpsman came from the nurse’s office just as Vince passed it. The doctor reached out to catch the corpsman’s arm. “Wait a minute,” he whispered. “Wait till this man gets by!” The surprised corpsman nodded, and just then John Thorpe turned into the admiral’s room. Swift speculation flashed through Vince’s mind as he sprang forward. Could a buzzer and a red light make their impression on the subconsciousness of a sleepwalker, causing him to deviate from his course?42 ARGOSY Could the loud breathing and the mutterings of a man in a coma have done the same, drawing John Thorpe through that hospital window when he held a potentially murderous club in his hands? THORPE had closed the door behind him. Vince opened it quietly. He saw the admiral, propped up as high as his bad leg would allow, his wide-awake, sea-blue eyes following every move of the sleepwalker. Admiral Wetherbee put his finger across his lips. Vince nodded, and took up a position by the door. Thorpe went to the bulkhead by the porthole, touched it, and turned. He came back, brushed against the admiral’s bedside table, and halted there. Then he touched the top of the table—and picked up the admiral’s logbook. A water glass slid from the table and fell to the deck. It struck Thorpe’s bare foot. The boy let out a startled cry and looked wildly around him. “Where—what—” “Easy!” said Vince Ayres. He caught Thorpe’s arm and steered him to a chair. “Sit down a minute.” Thorpe was trembling, and there was a sobbing catch to his breath. He moaned, “I did it again! I—I was asleep, doctor! Walking in my-sleep again!” “Looks that way,” Vince said. “Just be quiet a minute. You’re all right.” Thorpe drew a long, shuddering breath. The admiral and Vince Ayres looked at each other silently. Vince took the logbook from the sailor’s clutching hand, and replaced it on the table. “What time did you go to bed, Thorpe?” he asked in a kindly tone. “About nine, I guess, sir.” “Let’s see; you have a roommate, haven’t you?” “Yes, sir. Wop—Wop Cardoni, sir. He was already in bed, I guess.” “Don’t you know for certain?” “Well, the light was out, doctor, and I didn’t want to wake him. I saw his clothes on the chair.” “Dream anything?” Vince asked. “No, sir—yes, I did, too! That I was down in the submarine!” “Will you sound your buzzer again, Admiral?” Vince requested.	. And, when the corpsman came, “Give this man fifteen grains of sodium bromide, and see that he turns in. “Go back to bed, Thorpe, and we’ll talk about this to- morrow. This time, lock your door and put the key where you can’t possibly get it without waking yourself by the effort.” Thorpe said, “They won’t kick me out of the Navy, will they, doctor?” “Don’t worry about that,” Vince answered. “You need a rest. Try getting it.” “Yes, sir. Thank you, sir.” The admiral motioned to the night duty corpsman. “When you cotne back, Jones, look in the diet kitchen and see if you can find me a cold turkey leg.” THE TWO enlisted men went out; Thorpe was still shaken and dazed. The admiral looked at Vince Ayres. “Well?” he inquired. “If you’re asking me whether his somnambulism is real— I don’t know. But I’d say that if it isn’t, that boy is do- ing a good job as an actor. A very remarkable job.” “I didn’t mean that,” said the admiral. “But isn’t it rather curious that he should come in here; and especially that he picked up the logbook? “That log of mine has some quite valuable data bearing on this murder mystery. I’m wondering if this was an at- tempt to steal it. That is supposing, of course, that the lad was really awake.” Vince shook himself. “What would be his object in faking?” he demanded. “You heard him ask if he might be kicked out of the Navy. And you know as well as I that a man who walks in his sleep is a risky person to have at sea: no telling when he might walk over the side. “Oh, somnambulists do strange things. I’ve heard of cases where they buried money or valuables, and couldn’t remember, later, what they’d done. There was a mental quirk, there. Call it a fixation, if you wish: the idea that the money was in danger of being stolen had preyed on the subconscious. “Perhaps Thorpe went to sleep thinking about your logbook.” 44TF7HAT sort of tools did the sleepwalkers dig with ” when they buried money?” asked Admiral Wether- bee. “Could a man wield a pick, for instance, without waking himself?” “I don’t remember that the case histories related that detail,” Vince said. “And I suppose it would depend on the individual as to how soundly he slept. It’s rather hard to believe that Thorpe is the murderer.” “Don’t think he is,” the admiral answered. “But if a sleepwalker could swing a pick, he could club a man’s skull. If there’s any such thing as somnambulism in con- nection with schizophrenia—” He snapped his gaunt jaw shut suddenly. Down the passageway, somewhere forward, there was a frightened cry. Another came close on the sound, and the two men heard the swift, excited patter of running feet. Vince Ayres pushed himself from his chair, curiously noting the high and strained hysteria in the cry. The night duty corpsman—Jones—shoved the door open and stood in it incongruously, the Admiral’s turkey leg on a platter he was holding, and frightened excitement in his face. More men were stirring; somebody called for the master-at-arms. “Well, Jones?” barked the admiral. “What’s happened?” Jones swallowed. “Murder!” he said, and the hoarse word let him move again. He came forward, putting down the platter with a shaking hand. The turkey leg rolled from the plate, and the admiral made a futile grab for it before it struck the deck. “Who?” demanded Vince Ayres^catching the corpsman’s shoulder. But Kowalski ran into the room before Jones could answer—Kowalski, of the Starfish survivors, pajama- clad and barefoot, with his curly hair tousled. “It’s Wop, sir!” he told Vince Ayres. “It’s Cardoni. He’s been strangled to death in his room!” CHAPTER XIII QUESTIONS FOR THE ADMIRAL THE room Cardoni had shared with John Thorpe was on the deck below. Vince Ayres hurried to it, but as he rattled the hand chains down the nearby ladder, he saw ARGOSY, MARCH 29, 1941MURDER GOES TO SEA 43 that fully a dozen men had preceded him and were stand- ing-some only half dressed—in the passageway. Somebody cried, “Gangway!” and Captain McKee came out, tall and commanding, and now wearing a worried expression. He said sharply, “Break it up, men! All of you get back to your bunks except the master-at-arms force.” He saw Vince, then. “Come in here, doctor. Another job for you—and I don’t envy you in the least!” Vince pushed through the scatter of sailors. “Is there any hope of resuscitation?” “No,” said McKee. “He’s dead. He was killed in a slow and diabolically clever fashion, after first being stunned. The murderer needed to be in this room only half a minute or so. He could have been up on deck when this man died. Or anywhere else. Look for yourself.” Vince Ayres removed his gold-rimmed glasses and wiped an imagined speck of dust from their clearness before he entered the little room. He saw John Thorpe first. The boy was trembling in the room’s only chair, his face buried in shaking hands and his elbows resting on the writing desk. The watch officer, a young junior grade lieutenant, stood by the wash basin and its mirror. And in the mirror, Vince saw John Joseph Cardoni’s body. He was in the lower bunk, half-raised into a sitting pos- ture that would have been impossible to maintain. Vince thought he saw the man move, and jerked his eyes from the reflection to Cardoni himself. There was a' stout but slender rope—line, the Navy calls it—tied to the under side of the upper bunk, above Car- doni’s head. It ran down a foot or so, looped around Car- doni’s neck, and then extended out the open porthole. Every time a swell ran along the side of the Consolation, lifting the ship over it, Cardoni’s torso lifted a few inches. When the swell had passed, it settled back. His splinted broken arm was still in its sling; the other arm dangled over the side of the bunk. His dark face looked almost purple, now, and his tongue protruded through ghastly lips. “Marlin hitch,” said Captain McKee at Vince’s side. “It’s used to lash Navy hammocks, you know.” “But what’s on the other end of that line?” Vince de- manded. “A bucket. A Navy bucket. It catches the full force of the tide. It’s like a sea-anchor, dragging against this man’s neck. It’s enough to decapitate him, if it were left there long enough!” “Good Lord!” Vince exclaimed. This matched the horror of McQuaid’s murder, back at the base hospital. This was a sample of the terror that had come to sea with the seven men who had already gone through hell on the bottom of the Pacific. Six men, now! Vince thought, and the significance of this murder struck him all at once. First, McQuaid. Now, Cardoni. .... There was only one man left who had escaped from the after compartment of the Starfish. John Thorpe. CAPTAIN McKEE was talking. “He was struck on his forehead, first: if you’ll look more closely, you can see the place despite the general discoloration. What with, I can’t say. The bucket itself, probably. There’s a broom locker just down the passageway; that’s where the bucket came from.” The captain gloomily surveyed the room. “Who found him?” Vince asked. “Thorpe,” said the captain. And Thorpe moaned. “I don’t know anything about it! I came in here without turning on the light, and I thought— I thought he was sitting up, and then I—I touched his hand!” Vince pounced on this. “You mean his hand was—■” he began, and then checked himself. “What about his hand, Thorpe?” “It was cold,” the boy shuddered. Captain McKee shook his head. “He’d been dead for some time, doctor. I should say he was killed at least two hours ago." Vince looked sharply at the four-stripe medical officer. McKee ought to know. But Thorpe had been walking around deck only half an hour ago, before wandering into the admiral’s room. . . . “Thorpe,” Vince said, “who went to bed first, you or Cardoni?" “He did, sir| I was up on deck, and when I came down here to turn in, the light was out. I couldn’t see anything, but I didn’t want to wake him up. I undressed in the dark. And—and all the time he was dead!” Two hours or more ago. Vince looked at his watch. It was only ten-thirty, now. Two hours ago there had been all kinds of people moving around the ship, topside and below.	| Mike Way had gone over the side for his swim to the Algonquin at perhaps half past seven or eight. Barbara West had been on deck, and, later, her father and Victor Melhorne and Foster Bedell. Evelyn Brill had been in Admiral Wetherbee’s room perhaps two hours ago. This murder trail, he thought bitterly, was even colder than the one he had been trying to follow since that rainy midnight at the hospital. Only last midnight, it was! Twice, in less than twenty-four hours, the killer had struck. CAPTAIN McKEE turned on Thorpe. “I thought you said you discovered that he was dead when you climbed into that upper bunk, when you touched his hand.” “I did, sir.” Thorpe looked up, his eyes wide and his thin face twitching. “That was after I—you tell him, Dr. Ayres!” Vince hesitated. “Thorpe;” he said slowly, “is a sleep- walker. He walked in his sleep at the hospital. He walked tonight, and I followed him. Into Admiral Wetherbee’s room. There-—” “Good Lord!” exploded the captain. “You’ve known this, and permitted him to roam about the ship? He might walk over the side!” “I’d like to talk over the details of his case with you, captain,” Vince said. “In private.” McKee looked at him sharply. “Very well. I suppose we haven’t a prayer when it comes to fingerprints, here. Can’t get prints off a line. If there are any left on the bucket after it’s been in the water this long, they would include those of half our deck force. “Well, come with me, Dr. Ayres. Phillips, take over, here, and take care of this man. And I want a master-at- arms on each deck, with a watch of at least two men—I want the ship patrolled at all times.” “Aye, aye, sir,” said the watch officer. Vince Ayres looked back at Cardoni. The master-at- arms was hauling in the bucket, and the murdered man’s44 ARGOSY grotesque, sea-controlled movement ceased. His body sank back to the bunk as slack was taken in the line. Thorpe saw this, and sprang up in alarm. “I can’t stay here, sir! I’ve got to—I’ve got to get away from that!” “Turn into one of the bunks in that isolation ward,” Vince ordered. “And lock the door.” TN CAPTAIN McKEE’S cabin, Vince went over the young sailor’s somnambulism in detail, while the four- stripe medical officer’s face grew grave. “You’re in charge of the murder investigation, of course,” McKee said, finally. “But this is my ship, and it’s my responsibility if that boy walks over the side. Not every man can swim like that chief torpedoman.” “I know,” Vince said wearily. “But if he’s locked up, I’m afraid some of my chances of getting to the bottom of this mess will be locked up with him. I wanted to keep him under observation a little longer. “I’ve told you about the club he was found carrying, and about the blood on it. And now he sleepwalks—and his roommate is murdered! I wonder if it i§ possible?” McKee stared at him. “That a man could commit two murders in his sleep?” he said. “Certainly. Perhaps it isn’t exactly sleep—perhaps his condition is, at such times, more of a self-hypnosis. And—” He paused, then shook his head. “No, Ayres, I’m afraid we’re off on the wrong tack. I can’t imagine a man in such a condition being so damned clever as to kill Cardoni the way he was killed. You’ve got to look for somebody else.” Vince Ayres drew a deep breath. “And find him, too!” he said. “He has to be found quick. Before the killer strikes again.” TT'OR a long time after Vince Ayres called her to say *■ that Mike Way Was safe, Evelyn Brill stood at the porthole in her room and watched the dark sea running under the moon. Swells ran rhythmically along the side of the ship: they might have been melody transmuted to liquid and touched lightly by the moon sparkle—a melody to which the ship danced. This fancy was a soothing thought to dwell upon, and Evelyn tried to pick out the three-quarter beat of a waltz as she watched the surging roll. But the sea was faster, more savage. Like a march, she thought. The memories of a dozen Navy parade grounds came back to her. Bands playing, blue-clad men swinging across asphalt with all the reckless, salty disdain of the seaman for strict military formations and customs, and a little girl in pigtails watching. Thrilling to Anchors Aweigh. The Blue and Gold on parade. . . . Admiral Wetherbee’s dry old voice saying, “Yes, there are easier ways of making a living than being in the Navy... And the tempo of the sea changed. There was a new note in the wild symphony of wind and wave. There were clouds darkening the ringed moon, and the only light came from the Algonquin as she pitched 01$ yonder. Evelyn listened to a tympanic clatter that beat with all the insistence of jungle drums against the ship’s side. She thrust her head out of the porthole and looked down. A line, faintly straggling in the gloom, ran from a port- hole that was below and forward, and dipped in the sea. The thing that hammered against the hull, the girl de- cided, must be a bucket. Some member of the Consolation’s crew was probably intending to wash clothes. She went to bed. The tympany continued. It was in her ears dimly, like a thing only half remembered, when she fell asleep. *	* * f Extract from Admiral Wetherbee’s log: U.SS. CONSOLATION, 12 January. At sea. Anchored as before. 0600 Reveille. Begins cloudy and cold. Wind NNE by N, Force Seven. 0610 Broke out shaving gear, made all preparations for holding field day on whiskers. 0612 Hot water alongside. Clean shave, port and star- board. Cut face slightly just abaft starboard eyebrow. Expect transfer to wheelchair this date. Must study log of Starfish. Why did THORPE, John, Sea. 2c, USN, flinch before glass he knocked from table struck his footf Do re- flexes work for somnambulist the same as for person who is fidly awake? Doubt it. Must ask medical authority. Understand marlin hitch was thrown about neck of CARDONI, John Joseph, MM2c USN, latest murder victim. Clove hitch or studding-sail halliard bend would have been more seamanlike. What kind of knot was tied on bucket bail? Must find out. Will question divers from Algonquin ai soon as they are sufficiently recovered to be up and abmt. Must obtain diagram of compartments, induction' system, etc. of Starfish. Believe murderer will attempt to strike at least once more. He must be trapped then, or he may never be found out. . . . 0700 Made all preparations for provisioning. 0702 Breakfast. . . . CHAPTER XIV FULL CRASH DIVE i TI/FIKE WAY had a last cup of coffee in the chill mom- ing, and smoked a final cigarette while the “bears” dressed him for his dive.* He felt a sense of elation, of victory over the most difficult portion of his task: they had consented to let him go down. The doctor in the Algonquin would never know how the big chief torpedoman had to set his teeth against the pain in his taped ribs while the doctor’s fingers ex- plored that area. “That hurt?” the doctor had inquired. “Any tender- ness there?” Mike Way lied. “No, sir. I feel fine, sir.” A man had to lie. For his shipmates. Those twenty- five men in the Starfish, forty fathoms down under this gray, heaving sea. He didn’t know that the doctor was echoing Vince Ayres’ words of the night before. He only heard the doctor tell the Algonquin’s skipper, “Well, if a man can swim a quarter of a mile, I guess he can dive!” The doctor put away his stethoscope, and the skipper grunted; the skipper’s eyes were bright with an admira- tion that belied his words. “Captain McKee’s being easy with you, Chief. HeMURDER GOES TO SEA 45 could have run you up for jumping ship, leaving your post. He signaled that if you were in shape to dive, let you dive. And, by God, I’m praying for you!” “Thank you, sir,” Mike Way had said simply. He had on a couple of suits of woolen underwear and three pairs of socks. He tossed his cigarette over the side where the gray water sucked greedily at the Algonquin’s rust-stained scuppers, and took his time getting into the lead-weighted boots and the rubberized diving suit. He sat on a tool box, and the bears put the heavy breastplate over his wide shoulders. “You want to watch your step, Chief,” one of them said as they adjusted the plate to receive his helmet. “That descending line puts you aft on the Starfish. Near the after rescue hatch. You got to work your way forward. You got to watch your lines. Understand?” Mike Way understood, now. He knew the topside of that pigboat as he knew the inside of his hand. But he also fully understood the thick-headedness, the mental lethargy bordering on coma, that came so swiftly over a man under the pressure of two hundred and forty odd feet. “Remember that, Chief. You got to go forward, and keep your lines clear! ” fPHE helmet went over Mike Way’s head. He looked -*■ like a Cyclops, now. He looked like a strange creature from Mars. They screwed his helmet into place, leaving the face port open, and they buckled the forty-pound belt around his waist, connecting it with shoulder braces and the crotch strap. “Test your telephone.” Mike Way said, “One, two, three, four.” “Okay,” his talker reported from the other end of the line. Mike twisted the control valve on his left chest, and heard the compressed air spurt into his suit. The helpers looped his life, air and telephone lines down his back, under his arms, and up across his chest, where they were secured. His helmet port was closed and dogged down to airtight integrity with a wrench. Somebody tapped twice on the copper helmet. Mike Way rose under weight that would have nailed a less powerful man to the deck, and was guided to the steel grating of the diving platform. He gripped the bails with his mittened hands, and waited. “Hoist away!” A winch puffed on the Algonquin’s boat deck. The div- ing stage lifted a few feet, and the boom was swung out- board past the rail. It started down. The gray sea came rolling. Mike Way could not look down, but out there on a level with his eyes he saw the swells lift and surge. The wind skimmed spray from their crests. A seagull rode buoyantly up a steepening slant and over; it was lost, now, behind the foam-dappled lip of the wave. There were tons of water in each of those swells, chang- ing the pressure that would push against Mike Way’s rub- berized diving suit—changing it constantly. He felt the jar as water struck the diving stage plat- form. It receded, but it came again, and this time it lapped with a cold, greedy tongue at his legs. Water came up to his face port, and swished across it. The stage stopped its descent. Mike Way spoke into his telephone: “Take me to the descending line.” They lifted him from the platform and carefully moved him along the lee of the tug. He wrapped his left arm around the line, and began going down. Around him was a weird green translucence that was gradually darkening. The light faded with each deepen- ing roll of the sea. He could feel the breast plate slam against his chest every time a swell passed above; he had to valve air quickly into his suit to meet this increased pressure, and he had to be careful not to over-inflate the suit and create a positive buoyancy that would shoot him out of the water. The drag of his forty-pound belt and shoes that weighed almost half that apiece pulled him down to the accompany- ing roar of the compressed air in his helmet.... Topside on the Algonquin, where the nine-ton rescue chamber waited on Mike Way’s success or failure, the skipper turned from the rail. “Signalman!” he called. “Message for Captain McKee, on the Consolation. Iron Man Mike Way dived at 0941.” TN THE isolation ward of the Consolation, Vince Ayres -••was preparing to resume the inquiry into the murder that had taken place on land, and to launch a new inves- tigation into the one that had been committed on the high sea. He had the word passed for his party to lay below to the ward, and he waited there with Evelyn Brill. She had not been told of Cardoni’s death until morning. Consequently, she had slept despite the worry over her father’s arrest, and Vince had never seen her more beauti- ful. He wanted to tell her this and other things, but it was neither the time nor place. And so he cursed himself for having wasted a dozen opportunities ashore, before murder followed on tragedy, and said, instead: “I ought to hear from Simmons—the Intelligence man— today. If he can find out anything important ashore, we may get somewhere. We might establish a motive.” “Some murders,” Evelyn said hesitantly, “are com- mitted without motives. And aren’t they usually this type: brutal, and Still apparently cleverly planned? A man with a motive is apt to let it drive him. He’ll kill at the first opportunity. He’ll take chances.”	, “I’m not so sure both of these murders weren’t com- mitted at the first opportunity,” Vince said. “What you say is quite true. But murder without motive means in- sanity, in one of its many forms. And the answer to that would be Thorpe." “I didn’t want to think he was guilty,” the girl said. “But after what happened last night—I don’t know.” Vince lighted a cigarette. Murphy, the redheaded corps- man from Sick Officers’ Quarters, came in and waited re- spectfully across the room. Jacobs joined him, and then the mouselike Miss Wilkins. Vince looked at his watch. ■ “Thorpe may not realize how lucky he is that civil police aren’t trying to find this murderer, and that news- papers aren’t screaming that the fiend is still at large I” he told Evelyn in a low tone. “Because, after last night, there’s enough circumstantial evidence to hang the boy a dozen times over. But I’m still reluctant to believe he’s the one we want.” 1Z OWALSKI entered soberly. It was easy to see a difference in the attitude of the enlisted men. One of them—Kowalski’s shipmate—had been killed last night. Then Martin West puffed in, his pudgy face still gray with anxiety and his eyes red from sleeplessness. Barbara46 ARGOSY West followed, with Victor Melhorne and Foster Bedell. Vince Ayres handed Evelyn a typewritten list: the muster roll he had used when the party boarded the Consolation. “Will you please check the names, Miss Brill?” he said in a businesslike manner. “Good morning, everybody.” Barbara West smiled sweetly and nodded. She was wearing a knitted sports costume of blue, and there was that warmth in Melhorne’s pale, chill eyes when he looked at her. “John Thorpe isn’t here yet,” Evelyn reported. She handed the list of names back to Vince. He said, “Murphy, run out and have the word passed for Thorpe. See the master-at-arms and have him find him.” “Aye, aye, sir,” the redheaded corpsman responded. And now Martin West came forward importantly. “Doc- tor,” he said, “my salvage ship, the Westsal, is anchored over yonder, as you know.” “I know,” Vince said quietly. “You want Mr. Melhorne and Mr. Bedell to be permitted to go aboard her.” “Yes—that’s it.” West looked surprised. “I’m in favor of anything that will help rescue those men in the Starfish,” Vince went on. He looked at his watch. “There will be a boat shoving off for the Algonquin in twenty minutes. I’m sure the officer of the deck will order the cox’n to take Mr. Melhorne and Mr. Bedell to the Westsal on that same trip.” Bedell came up, smiling warmly. “Thanks, doctor!” he said. “If you want to hold a night session when we return—” Vince nodded. “We can decide that later. Thanks for your willingness to cooperate.” Melhorne was talking to Barbara West, yonder by the door. She said, “Please be careful, Vic!” and Vince Ayres looked past them and saw Murphy coming back. The belted master-at-arms was with the corpsman. He said, “Dr. Ayres, Thorpe is missing!” \7INCE saw a smile twist off Barbara West’s face. Ko- ' walski gasped: “Missing?” and looked around him queerly, like a man who suddenly finds himself utterly alone. “Jeeze!” he said. “Somebody gave him the deep six! And I’m the only one left; I’m the only one the murderer can get at, now!” Vince heard the wordless little cry in Evelyn’s throat. He said, slowly: “But Thorpe slept here, last night. In this ward. He was told to lock the door. ...” “We found his pajamas and his white hat here, sir,” the master-at-arms explained. “He wasn’t at quarters to answer muster. And then the admiral—Admiral Wether- bee—had a search started. I guess the admiral thinks it was suicide, sir, from what he said.” Martin West seemed to have recovered a great deal of his confidence and his nerve. He said, “Doctor, if you think this solves the murders, let’s have an end to this business! I should be ashore. I’ve got important Gov- ernment work to supervise. ~ There’s no earthly reason why either my daughter or I should have to remain on this ship! ” “Except,” Vince said, “that nothing is solved.” “But if Thorpe drowned himself,” Barbara West put in, “that was a confession of guilt!” Vince had no chance to replyVictor Melhorne’s thin voice snapped: “This whole affair, Dr. Ayres, has been bungled! I’m a civilian, and criticism of the investigation may not be within my province. I’m not affected one way or the other by what an old man like the admiral—in his second childhood—thinks. But the fact remains that failure to arrest Thorpe was gross negligence.” “Vic!” Barbara West said pleadingly. “Don’t make a scene!” “Go on, Mr. Melhorne,” Vince said grimly. 64T INTEND to!” the pale-eyed man declared stiffly. “Furthermore, if a more responsible hearing is con- vened later, I’ll make it my duty to say the' same thing. You had excellent reasons for locking Thorpe in the brig. “If you believed he was a somnambulist, he should have been put there for his own protection. If he was the murderer—and every shred of evidence pointed to him— he should have been locked up for our protection!” Vince went back a way to ask a question. “You con- sider the admiral’s opinions worthless, then?” “I do!” Melhorne said coldly. “If you want me to be frank, I’d say you’re a fool for paying any attention to him and his log.” “Mr. Melhorne,” Vince said, “it may be unfortunate that you aren’t in charge of this inquiry. It happens that I am conducting it, and that I believe if we ever do solve the mystery, it will be largely because that log of Admiral Wetherbee’s holds the key.” He glanced at his watch. “You have a boat to catch. And I will have questions to ask you latef.” Melhorne started to reply heatedly, but Foster Bedell took his arm. “No use getting all steamed up, Vic,” he said good-naturedly. “The doctor’s doing the best he can. Sorry, Dr. Ayres!” They went out. Vince said humbly, “There may be quite a lot of truth in Mr. Melhorne’s criticism. But we’ll carry on. Mr. West, I’d like to ask you a few questions.. If you’ll step jnto the office.”	4 A FT IN his room, Admiral Wetherbee’s shaggy brows frowned over another logbook—the one a yeoman had handed to Mike Way as the big torpedoman climbed out of the escape hatch on the Starfish. Two husky hospital corpsmen came with a wheelchair and the information that they had been detailed to lift the admiral into it, but he roared them away—and added, in a softer tone as they fled to the door, that he’d make the transfer later. For a long time afterward, he studied the pages of the book that had been closed so soon after its beginning. After that, the gaunt old man lay back on his pillows and hungrily watched the sea and sky alternate in th' circle of his porthole. Finally he took his own log froi the bedside locker, and began to write: 0940 Commenced swinging to flood tide, stern to starboard. 1012 Receipted for log of USS STARFISH, began perusal of same. 1030 Informed instructions carried out concerning THORPE, John, Sea 2c USN. Log of STARFISH trials reveals remarkable ad- herence to schedules drawn up by her cgmmanding of- ficer two weeks prior to execution of test runs. Dives scheduled thus, fourteen days in advance, performed on the minute. This is significant. Everybody aboard knew far ahead of time that submarine would make full crash dive at 1530 on 9 January. . . . (To Be Continued Next Week)And a Hickory Tree VER the tackroom roof there was a platform of two-by-sixes with a couple of old swivel chairs bolted down to it. Mr. Laird Noble always went up there to do his heavy thinking; by just swiveling around he could see not only the exercise tack but the brood mares’ pasture, the stallions’ corrals, the house and the bam. He swiveled now, and the letter in his hip pocket crackled dully. It was pretty limp with reading and re-reading, but he pulled it out again. Foolish thing to do, reading a let- ter from a person who got home last night. But he only had one child, one daughter. Just Diane. A hundred odd horses, but just one child to leave them to, just one child to worry about, and she— Mr. Noble picked up the megaphone, called to the stable band working a sorrel around the track. “Make him rack around twice now, without breaking, jus’ keep his curb rein tight, like— That’s right.” Hard to get good riders, especially out here in California. Most of the ones who came along were show-off cowboys. Get on a horse, give him the spurs, whoopee, ride ’em cow- boy. Only last week . . . Mr. Noble looked down at the knuckles of the hand holding the letter. They were almost healed up. But the cowboy had told him as he trudged down the road. He had called it, spitting blood and say- “A woman, a horse, and a hickory tree—the more that you beat ’em, the better they be.” It’s a dubious maxim, but it can be used to measure a man—with or without violence ing: “A woman, a horse and a hickory tree—the more that you beat ’em, the better they be.” Well, he’d always handled Diane with a soft rein. Seems what she wanted was a little beating now and then. Look what she— But what kind of a way was that to be think- ing? Like your only daughter was a horse. He opened the letter, skipped to the important para- graph: You’ll be pleased to know he’s a horseman like your- self, Dad. He can ride anything! We went out to this ranch, and they had a rodeo horse there and Michael stayed up for ninety-two seconds, which everybody said was a record. Why can’t the Nobles have some bucking horses? Michael’s coming out right after 1 . . . Mr. Noble put the letter away-. His ears and eyes and even his nose checked up on the progress of things on the Noble ranch. The even whirring of the mower told him 47 048 ARGOSY Ranny, his foreman, was cutting hay too long and too hard for a man his age. He saw that the horse now coming out on the track was Belles Starlight, and he leaned forward. It was Starlight the cowboy had hit, square across the face with a rope end. But Starlight was getting over his nervousness now. Bucking horses! There were two kinds of bucking horses —misborn ones, and mishandled ones. The Noble ranch had bred its own stock for three generations, and so there were no crazy hammerheads on it. And the kind of hand who made a horse buck only did it once before he was sent elsewhere to beat his horses and his women and his hickory trees. A DOOR slammed, and Diane came out on the terrace, looking pretty fine in jodhpurs. Mr. Noble admired his slim, dark-haired daughter without prejudice or reserva- tions for a full minute. He would be fair about this Michael. Maybe riding an untrained horse to a finish was the way to do. The Holly- wood people who were Mr. Noble’s chief customers now- adays wanted flashy colors, flashy gaits in their horses. Since the war, horses were no longer useful, they were just pleasure animals. And if a few bucks gave the owner pleasure, why not? It would sure be a cheaper way to raise ’em. He yelled through the megaphone: “Goin’ ridin’, Diane? Want your horse?”	x Golly, she was pretty, outlined against the sage and greasewood of the ridge of the Santa Monica. Beautiful as these hills. It wasn’t what this Michael did to horses. It was what a rough-breaker would do to a wife. She was shaking her head. She made a horn out of her hands, yelled back: “Coming up to see you, Dad!” “Good,” he yelled back. The platform creaked as Diane came up beside him, put her hand on his shoulder and leaned against him. She wanted something. He patted the hand on his shoulder. “Sit down. I want to watch Starlight trot once, and then I’ve got to go up to the yearlings. Come on along. Your mother’s got the house so full of the dusting brigade, there’s no room for you anyway.” “Oh, let the old yearlings go for once, Dad. I’m just home, darling, I was too sleepy to talk to you last night. Honest, sometimes I think you think more of the horses than you do of me.” Years of not moving when he was surprised—lest a green horse tremble—kept the shoulder his daughter rested on from jumping. Did he think more of his horses than he did of his daughter? “Hot out here,” Mr. Noble said. “Dry.” He mopped his brow, moistened his lips with his tongue. “Michael’s coming out this afternoon,” Diane said. “Mi—chael.” She pulled the name out long and caressing on her tongue. Mr. Noble glanced towards the ridge. The crest of the mountains hid them from the San Fernando Valley and Hollywood. Was that where Diane got those tricks? “The great Michael.” “Jealous, darling? Now you’re not my favorite man any more.” “If my grandpa was alive, he’d say you were a minx,” Mr. Noble said. He used the megaphone. “Don’t let Star- light canter, there, son. Keep him trottin’.” “Oh, let him go,” Diane said. “He’d run himself down soon enough.” “Back’s not strong enough to canter yet,” Mr. Noble said. “And besides, a horse ought to be made to trot till he’s got a good gait.” Then he could have bitten his tongue off. He’d sounded too eager. Diane was twenty-three, and since she was twelve he’d kept hoping she’d take a real interest in horses. Whenever she asked a question, though, he answered too fast, and, he guessed, bored her. Oh, she rode all right. He’d had her taught at the school she’d boarded at, over in Pasadena. Man couldn’t teach his own youngsters, he tried too hard. “Daaaad?” “I got to get up to those yearlings. Come along and sif on the fence and tell me all about Denver.” “Won’t it frighten the yearlings to have me talk?” “Do ’em good to get used to it, if it does. Your Aunt Beth give a lot of parties for you?” Mr. Noble went down the stairs first, reached into the tackroom for the old sad- dle and coil of cotton rope he used on the yearlings. “Come on, sister,” He picked up the bag of carrots ready for the morning lesson. She was taller than he remembered. He glanced down. “Diane, where’d you get those cowboy boots?” “Had them made in Denver.” She pulled the trousers of her jodhpurs up so he could see the design. “Pretty?” “Pretty,” he agreed, hanging the saddle and rope on the pasture fence, “but I never could walk in ’em. What you want those slant heeled things for?” “Michael’s teaching me how to rope,” Diane said. “You have to have cowboy heels to dig in when you got a live one on the end oflyour rope, pardner.” She laughed. “Have we got a roping saddle for Michael, Did?” “I had my grandfather’s silver mounted Mexican gone over last year, when the saddlemaker was out here. He offered me a thousand dollars for it, so it must be in good condition.” “Oh, swellegant,” said Diane. THE yearlings crowded around him. Mr. Noble gave them each a fragment of carrot, and selected a black Morgan gelding. He led Blackie to the fence by his mane, made a rope halter out of a piece of cotton rope, tied the Morgan to the fence. The little horse promptly sat down on his haunches. Mr. Noble looped the rope around Blackie’s barrel, just behind the legs, tapped the colt on the rump to make him slack up, and tied the loop so that every time Blackie tried to sit down, he squeezed his own chest. Blackie stood, his rope slack. Diane said, “If you used a heavier rope, he couldn’t break it.” “This way he learns without fighting.” Mr. Noble picked up the saddle, presented it to Blackie’s nose, slid it along his neck and rested it on the back. He gave Blackie a piece of carrot and girthed the saddle up. “Been working on this bunch for three weeks,” Mr. Noble said. “Got them now so every one of them will stand for saddling without a quaver. Blackie was the last.” “Michael says the kind of a horse he likes is one that isn’t caught till it’s three years old. He’ll ride anything,” Diane said. “Whether he’s ever seen it before or not.” “Must be quite a boy,” Mr. Noble said, releasing Blackie, and going on to the next colt. You could learn from anyone. Every man who was much around horses knew something you didn’t know, and if you were smart you learned it. He would listen to this Michael. After all, Diane loved the man; there must be something .. . Was he worried about his stock, his ranch; or was he worried about his daughter? The ranch was Diane’s. He picked up his pile of cotton rope-lengths, coiled them neatly, picked up the saddle. “Let’s go, Diane.” “Let me carry the saddle, Daaad.” “Listen, Diane,” he said, stopping, “what do you want? Whenever you drag my name out that way, you wantAND A HICKORY TREE 49 something. You spent all your allowance? I’ll be glad to give you some money. It’ll be yours sooner or later any- way.” “Why, Dad, what a way to talk. If all—” “What is it you want, Diane?” “Dad, I bragged to Michael about our horses so—” Then, all in a rush, Diane said: “Dad, there’s an auction sale in town today. I saw the notice on your desk. Two carloads of horses from Utah.” MR. NOBLE opened the door of the tackroom, put the saddle and ropes in, threw the empty carrot bag into a corner. “Yes?” His voice surprised him. It was as quiet as a rattler’s buzz. “Dad, let’s you and me go in and buy a couple of horses. Real cowboy horses.” “For Michael?” Diane nodded. She looked more like a little girl than he had seen her in years. Like the little girl who had played horse show on the office floor with the silver and gold horses of the trophies. “Of course, your horses—” “Our horses, Diane. Noble horses—” “Are swell, Dad. They’re wonderful, and the prices they bring in the sales and show horse people all over the coun- try know about them. But Michael likes a horse with more life.” “Life, fire. Good grief. A well-blooded horse could out- run, outjump, outstay any jug-headed range scrub in the world.” “He’ll say the life’s been all ridden out of ours.” “Diane, there’s more to this than—” “Honest, Daaad, that’s all.” He didn’t know whether he believed her or not. But good Lord, she was twenty-three. She had been going with boys since she was fifteen. If she thought that much about this Michael, she ought to have him. “Bring the car around to the barn, Diane, while I get the trailer out.” Maybe it was all right. This Michael would only be out here a week or so, and old Juan Tripez down the canyon was sad because he didn’t have any horses any more, now . that he was old and poor. Tripez could have the horse he was about to buy for the bucking Michael. Only a week or so, and then' it would be over. THE auctioneer recognized him. If that fool gal had told him ahead of time, he could have called a com- mission buyer and had him pick up a horse. Now he was in for it. The auctioneer was a stout, obnoxious man who had once had the audacity to come out to the Noble ranch and suggest that he could “move some of your cheaper stock, Mr. Noble.” Well, he’d told him off. There was no cheaper stock on the Noble ranch. He turned to Diane. “Now, sister, you be still. If you see a horse you think would be suitable for your buckaroo, put your hand in my pocket and squeeze my hand. Don’t go hopping up and down shouting, or we’ll have to mort- gage the ranch to buy the horse in.” “Yes, Dad.” He looked sidewise. Her eyes were as bright as diamonds in the rain. Excited. Horses, or because Galahad was coming in that afternoon? The auctioneer shouted to an assistant: “Clear a space on the grandstand there for Mr. Noble, of the Noble ranch. Gem’men, we are honored today. We got in our midst Mr. Laird Noble of the Noble Ranch out in the Santa Monicas—where is it, Mr. Noble, Topanga or Malibu?— anyway, gem’men, Mr. Noble whose folks been raisin’ fine-blooded horses since there weren’t any white folks in Californy. We’re mighty glad to have him here with us. “Jus’ you sing out, Mr. Noble, if you want anything in this sale today, and name your own price. This is a straight- forward auction, gem’men, as attested by the fact that such a fine gem’man like Mr. Noble has brought himself yere. “You make the prices, gem’men, and we sell the hosses, and yere we go. Now, the first hoss up is a part-Arabian stock horse, locally bred and locally known, he’s a good sound hoss, well-broke and well gaited.” Four burly ruffians in high-heeled boots brought the horse in. They had two of their lariats around his neck and a cowhand on his back, and another cowhand leading the horse by his Spanish bit. Mr. Noble muttered, “Easy there, you fool. You’ll break his mouth.” Diane whispered: “Quiet, Dad, the auctioneer’s looking at you.” “All right, sister.” Clenching his fists that way had broken the scab across his knuckles. Was she getting a kick out of seeing five men manhandle one horse? They loosed their ropes, and the man let go of the cruel bit, and the rider took the horse around the sawdust at a dance. He lifted the rein, and the “part-Arabian” cantered. “Pretty,” Diane muttered, “but they’re making him wild. He’s tame as a mouse.” “He ought to be,” Mr. Noble whispered. “His back legs been fired, he’s swaybacked, and off his feed.” If Michael thought these were horses. ... A succession of strangely doctored beasts from a selling-out livery stable passed through the ring. Diane lit a cigarette, and gave her father one. “Not very good horses,” she confided, “but better than the men looking at them. What a bunch of tramps!” THE auctioneer was getting warmed up. “Now you’re going to see them,” he said. “Two carloads of good, big unbroken stock from Utah. Palominos, golddusts, steel- dusts. Appalachians, pintos and buckskins. Any kind of a hoss a man could want, if’n he’s man enough to break ’em.” An assistant handed Mr. Noble a mimeographed list, and one to Diane. He looked at it. No. 1 sorrel three- year-old gelding, out of a steeldust mare by a golddust stallion. Diane said: “What does all this mean, Dad?” “I don’t know,” he said. “I think those are just colors, but maybe they have a studbook for these horses. Nothing I evef heard before.” They were fine, good-looking stock at that. The cow- hands would bring them in, a rope halter on each horse, two men hanging on to the rope halter, two more men snubbing the horse back with lariats. Heavy ones, with slip-nooses that could choke a horse. Fine, good looking stock, for all their lack of pedigree, but every single one of ’em was marked. Rope-burns, wire cuts, kick marks. And Diane was in love with a man who treated stock like that. Of the thirty-four horses on the mimeographed list, seven were sold off. But Diane didn’t move. The horses looked all right to Mr. Noble—fair conformation, good health. For range horses, unblooded, unbroken, they looked as good as you’d want. Then . . . She was black. She was sixteen-three, darn big. She was three years old, according to the catalogue, by a Mor- gan stallion out of a Morgan-grade mare. “Here she is,” the auctioneer was screaming. “Here she is, gem-men, the hoss of yo’ dreams. Any movie people here today? Here’s a mare’ll do to carry Gene Autry, or ride her yo’self, men, and put Gene Autry out of a job. What am I bid, gem’men, am I bid two hundred?” He wasn’t. Somebody finally gave him the nod at fifty.so ARGOSY Somebody else said sixty. And the bidding hung there. There was a rope burn on her neck, but none on her legs, and there were no wire cuts. A smart horse that didn’t get herself into messes. Handy mover, too; the men ran her up and down a little. Couldn’t tell her from a Mor- gan, though she was only three-quarter bred according to the sheet. Funny no one bid on her. Too much horse, maybe, for these ruffians. Diane shoved her hand into her father’s pocket just in time. Just before Mr. NobW began to worry about his blood pressure. He said: “Seventy-five.” “You hear, gem-men? Man who knows more about horses than all of us put together, old Mr. Noble, and he says seventyrfive. She must be worth a hundred, gem’men, she must be worth a hundred to you. Do I hear it, do I hear it?” Mr. Noble finally got her for a hundred. They were scared of her. Scared for all their loud clothes and their blustering. He’d see. As he and Diane backed the trailer around to the loading chute, he said: “You know horses, sister.” She said: “I was going to ask you to bid on that first horse, Dad, but he wasn’t big enough. I want to see Michael ride a big horse. And she was the biggest on the sheet.” Mr. Noble felt as though the new horse had kicked him in the stomach with one of her wild hooves. For a min- ute, he’d thought blood had told, and Diane had inherited the Nobles’ talent for telling a horse—or a man. But she had just wanted a big horse. She wanted action. She’d get it. He’d stake his life that the kind of man who branded cplts and beat two-year-olds and broke horses with a quirt and spurs was yellow at heart. A yellow, wife-beat- ing rat. It would be hard on that lovely mare—but Diane was his daughter, his only child. IT WAS three o’clock by the time they got back to the ranch. Mr. Noble uncoupled the trailer in a hurry; Diane had to have the car to go to the airport. He called over a couple of stable hands. “Put that mare in the empty corral.” The colored man, Gus, said: “Empty corral, Mr. Noble? Ain’t no empty—” “That stallion corral, Gus.” Gus climbed up the side of the trailer. “’At’s jus’ a little bitty ol’ mare, Mr.x Noble. Don’t you want I should put her in a stall?” “Do as I say, boy. There’s a man coming out this after- noon to break her. Friend of Miss Diane’s.” He walked up toward the house with his back very straight. Hope my ears don’t burn. He knew the hands were standing back there by the corral staring after him with their mouths open. How could he explain that his daughter loved a man who rough-broke, who thought it was effeminate to start breaking and gentling a horse the day it was foaled? What did stablehands know about daughters? Halfway to the house, he was stopped by the noise of the mowing machine. He’d forgotten old Ranny. Mr. Noble squinted at the sun which had not been covered by a cloud since dawn. Lord! He went to the kitchen door at a trot. “Give me a couple of bottles of beer and some sandwiches,” he barked. The housekeeper said, “Yes, Mr. Noble, just a minute.” He looked around the kitchen. New curtains on the win- dows, little crisp curtains with red flowers on them. A bowl of wild flowers over the flour box. The copper pots over the old fireplace had been shined within an inch of their lives. The floor sanded. “Looks nice,” said Mr. Noble. The housekeeper smiled. “You’d better not track any mud in, Mr. Noble. Mrs. Noble and the girls have done the whole house over for Diane’s beau.” She handed him the sandwiches and the two cold bottles. The women knew about daughters. There was always a horse tied in front of his office, offi- cer’s saddle and bags all ready. He dropped the package of food into the saddle bag and took out for the hayfields at a lope. The horse was Noble Belle’s Son of Aran, three- quarter bred thoroughbred; Mr. Noble took the wooden fences in his stride, steadying the beer with one hand to keep it from being churned to foam. "DANNY was riding the mower behind a pair of three- year-old Morgan grades that they had bred and were finishing for an Arizona cattleman whose family had bought their stock horses from the Nobles for fifty years. They liked plenty of muscle on their horses, and nothing brought it out like working in the collar. Mr. Noble raised his hand, and Ranny brought the Mor- gans around under a tree, got stiffly down from his seat. He tied the grades to the tree, took the bits out of their mouths. “Hello, Laird,” the old man said. “How’s it?” You had to be tactful with Ranny. “The wife’s got the house so clean a man can’t sit down. Diane’s gone to get young Lochinvar. Come on and sit in the shade and eat.” Ransome Ortez had the old California Spanish blood in him. At seventy he walked as erect and stiff as an Indian. He dropped beside Mr. Noble, took Son of Aran’s reins. “You bring beer, son?” “Yes.” Mr. Noble got the beer out, unhooked the caps. “Have a sandwich.” Ranny took it. “Speak, my boy, orate,” he said. “Don’t mind me. I was segundo on this ranch when you were a punk at Cornell college in the East. I was still foreman when you come home with a Missouri gal, and I’m still foreman today when little Diane’s caught herself a man. “They call you old man Noble, but you’re still a punk to me; you’re only forty-five. The look in your eye—like a hawk with his beak in a mousetrap—is identical with the harassed gaze of your old man when you wired you’d caught you a girl who rode saddlebreds. “ ‘Bunch of junk,’ your old man said. ‘The gal must come of bad stock to think those are horses.’ Well, the saddlebred book is beginning to turn out some right good stock, and I haven’t heard any complaints about Mrs.* Noble.” “Diane been talking to you?” Mr. Noble asked. “This Michael’s a rodeo rider.” “Well, he can eat at the. same table with me,” Ranny said, finishing his beer. “My grandfather was one of the best stage-coach robbers in California.” “He roughbreaks horses. Diane made me go in and buy a horse for him to roughbreak.” “Used to be a fellow over by Thousand Oaks who drank hair tonic,” Ranny said. “Doctoring it around to improve the taste, he invented a new kind of b'ay rum and made a fortune. Shows you that there is a wee bit of good in the worst of us.” Ranny had once been snowbound in the Sierras with nothing but an old almanac to read; he liked to use his quotations. “I’d give you the ranch,” Laird Noble said, “if you weren’t older than I am. How do you think I like the idea of leaving the Noble stock to a roughbreaker?” “No more than your old man liked having a saddlebred in the family, and that turned out all right,” Ranny said. “There must be something in this rodeo riding.” Mr. Noble nodded. “Let the mowing go,” he said, “and come down and look at this mare.” , Ranny nodded. “All right. You got me out of the sun anyway, my boy. Think you can fool me, but you can’t,” ARGOSY, MARCH K. 1M1AND A HICKORY TREE 51 he said. He unhitched the team, jumped on the near horse’s back. “You can’t fool me, either, Ranny. You don’t think there may be something in rodeo riding, and roughbreak- ing.” “There may be, but I never heard of it,” Ranny said. “But Diane is bred true to the line. If she likes this fella, he’s all right.” He raised the team to a smooth trot, his straight back rising and falling easily. “Laird, don’t you think it’s about time I quit? I’m getting old.” “We’ll talk about it,” Mr. Noble said. Ranny knew. He wasn’t going to work for a rough- rider. The dignity of a seventy-year-old man would be fair game for the jokes of the sort of men there had been at the auction sale. IT WAS close to four by the time they got in; the Noble Ranch moved along according to schedule. Mr. Noble, on Son of Aran, inspected the paddocks and fields, saw that all the stock tanks were full and clean, that there were no loose boards in the fences to cause a breakout during the night. There was no barbed wire on the Noble Ranch to give a horse a California brand. All good stock, well-handled, fenced and fed. For eighty years the Southwest had known that you got the best horses from Nobles. Mr. Noble rode his fields, checked on the salt blocks, estimated grass. At quarter of five he was due at the barns to see that the horses who were being finished were prop- erly stalled, with water and food and bedding. But they weren’t, tonight. They were in their stalls, but they hadn’t been tended yet. At a trot Mr. Noble took Son of Aran down the wagon floor of the big barn, some- thing he had never done before. He burst out of the other end, stopped his horse, and heard voices over at the cor- ral in which he had put the new mare. He lifted Son of Aran to a canter and went over there, swung off, hold- ing his reins in his left hand. The big silver-mounted saddle that had been his grand- father’s was on the corral poles. A tall man, almost as straight and dark as Ranny, was standing with a silver- mounted bridle in his hand. The hands were grouped around the stranger and Diane, and Ranny was sitting on the corral top. “I’m Laird Noble, Diane’s father,” Mr. Noble said. The stranger said, “I’m Michael Houston.” There was a strange note in his voice, a funny look iii his eyes. Diane said, “Michael’s going to break the new horse now, Dad. I’m going to call her Monica. For our moun- tains.” “Mr. Noble, your grandpa had a mare named Monica,” Ranny said. “Noble Red Monica. She was a Flycatcher, an imported stud from England, outa an Arabian mare he bought up in San Francisco. She was nigh on four years old ’fore we got her well-gaited.” “You’re not helping, Ranny,” Mr. Noble snapped. “Why, Houston, it’s all right with me, go ahead. I bought the mare for you. Shoot the works.” Michael Houston said, “It will be dark pretty soon. I think it might be a better idea to feed her and let her get used to her corral, and in the morning—” Ranny said, “Why, son, we won’t think you’re showing off. Diane’s told us, you can ride anything. Go ahead.” Mr. Noble said, “You ought to take those nice clothes off, though. Let me loan you some overalls.” “I wouldn’t put you to the trouble,” Michael Houston said. “My own clothes will do me nicely.” “Go get the overalls,” Diane said. “You can’t ride in your traveling suit.” Michael Houston took a sack of cowboy tobacco out of his pocket, offered it around, and then, alone, rolled a cigarette and lit it. “I am not, of course, riding that mare,” he said.- “Too big for you, sonny?” Ranny asked. “Too big,” Michael Houston said. Diane said: “But Michael—” “This is man’s work,” Michael said. “Keep out of it.” Mr. Noble said, “No cowhand can talk to my—” Then he was still. We’re showing him up, a voice said inside his head. Showing him up for what he is. A man who’d quirt a horse would strike a woman. This needed to happen! Ranny said, “Hang around, Mr. Houston. Hasta manana, we’ll get us a bucking chute from town, so’s you can be put on the mare while she’s blindfolded. We’ll even hire us a pickup man from one of the movie lots, to take you off’n your hoss after a couple of minutes. Then you’ll ride the mare for the lady, won’t you?” “I am a guest on this ranch,” Michael Houston said. “Do I have to ride this horse to pay for my biscuits?” Mr. Noble said, “Mr. Houston, allow me to show you around.” It was probably just as well Diane didn’t have a gun on her. “I would be honored to see the ranch before I leave,” Houston said in his flat, slow voice. MR. NOBLE stared. The man was afraid, yellow. It was open and shut. And yet there was the control in his voice of a man who was, at heart, afraid of nothing. Well, Mr. Noble thought, this had been his plan. But this Houston gave up too easily. As though he saw through the plan, and found it contemptible. Diane said, “Don’t you feel well, Michael? Why in Den- ver, you told those men out at the rodeo that you could ride anything they had. And you did, too. You—” “Did as the Romans did,” Michael Houston said. “But I don’t feel like riding tonight. Mr. Noble, I would be honored to be shown over your ranch; I have heard a good deal about your stock.” Nobody had ever talked to Diane that way before. Mr. Noble’s fists clenched. Then they unclenched. He said: “With pleasure.” He lifted his voice. “You boys. Gus, Hod, Macy. Get that stock fed. Throw this mare about ten pounds of oat hay, and put water in for her. Come on, Mr. Houston.” Diane said, “I’m going up to the house.” “I’ll stop in and say goodbye to you on my way,” Michael said. Mr. Noble’s heart lifted. He had done it. It was easy. A Noble knew how to defend his own. He had gotten Ranny, and they had whipsawed this big Coloradoan, and shown him up. He was driven off. Diane was safe to marry someone who knew all about horses or nothing about horses; the important thing was, she had been saved from marrying a man who knew all the wrong things about horses. Then Mr. Noble heard himself saying, “My boy, you will, of course, stay the night.” "I’m afraid—” Ranny said, “Yeah, he’ll stay the night. The car just broke down.” Mr. Noble and Ranny looked at each other. But Ranny’s Spanish blood was in his eyes; you couldn’t read a thing. Mr. Noble took Michael for a tour of the place. IT WAS growing on Mr. Noble that while this boy didn’t know an awful lot about blooded stock, he knew what questions to ask. The boy would make.. . . Mr. Noble could have made a mistake. He could have cost Diane a man she loved and a good man. But there were plenty of good men around; no use starting off with one who had two strikes against him.52 ARGOSY “What are you doing out here in California?” Mr. Noble asked. “Come out to ride in the rodeos?” “If I have to,” Michael said. “I hoped to stay here. Now I don’t know. Colonel Meyer, in Colorado Springs, sent me out here on the plane to pick up a half-dozen polo ponies for him. With the commission he’s paying me, and the money I’ve gotten together, I thought maybe I’d buy me a little California ranch. Now I’m not so sure.” “No? Don’t you care for our climate?” “That’s a joke. I don’t feel like laughing, Mr. Noble. I’m afraid I’ve put myself in a pretty bad position. You know I asked Diane to marry me?” Mr. Noble said, “I gathered as much.” “It never occurred to me,” said Michael Houston, “that her folks would think I was trying to marry into the Noble Ranch. All my life I’ve heard about the Noble Ranch. “When I was fourteen, I was cookie on a ranch down in South Park. The owner used to ride over on a Noble horse. All the hands were always going to save up their money and get themselves one, but you know how cow- boys are. They got along with what they could catch and break themselves.” “Yes?” But some new thoughts were creeping through Mr. Noble’s head. It had taken courage to make that speech. Mr. Noble doubted whether he could have made it himself. “I’ve got a thousand dollars saved up. I can get me a few acres, a few tons of hay, a few cheap horses to rough- break,” Michael said. His voice was quietly deferential; the anger and hurt in it were carefully kept down. But Mr. Noble could tell they were there. “Maybe Diane wouldn’t live as well there as she has at home,” Michael went on, “but she’d eat. I’m a good roughrider. Next year I could maybe buy one or two yearlings from you or the Kellog Ranch, for proper train- ing. But—I wouldn’t have any part of your Noble Ranch. The Houston outfit’ll put you in the shade.” Mr. Noble said, “You can always learn something. . . . Maybe I’ve been wrong. You weren’t scared to ride that mare, were you, son?” “I’ll go now, Mr. Noble, and thanks for showing me your ranch. You got a right pretty layout.” “Wait a minute, son. Ranny’s skulking around some place." Mr. Noble lifted his voice and screamed: “Rannyl ” THE old man dropped out of no place. One minute he wasn’t there, the next minute he was standing quietly in the dusk. “Yeah?” “Ranny, you’ve been on this place over fifty years.” “Considerable.” “Tell Mr. Houston how many times you’ve heard a Noble apologize to anyone?” ■ Ransome Ortez said, “Son, that just don’t happen. You wanted something, Laird?” “A witness,” Mr. Noble said. “Michael, I judged you before I met you. I was wrong. You are all right, Michael. And will you now, please tell me why you wouldn’t ride that mare?” Michael Houston stared a moment. It was getting pretty dark. “Well, I’ll be damned. You don’t know? You, Laird Noble of— Why, Lord, man, since I was a boy I always thought nobody could tell a Noble about a horse. “Why, sir, you can’t roughbreak a high-blooded horse like that. You’d either kill her or kill yourself. Rough- breaking’s for scrubs and broncs, cheap horses for men who can’t afford to pay more than twenty, thirty dollars for a ■ mount. “You’ve got to be gentle with a good big horse like that black Morgan. Any man who knew enough to even get on her wouldn’t have the heart to punish her spirit with the spurs and the quirt. You—” “You mean you can’t roughbreak good horses?” “Of course not. There’s cowhands who do, I suppose, when they’re long yearlings or short two-year-olds. But not a grown mare. Roughbreaking’s how I make my liv- ing. It’s how I mean to get the money to get some good stock. It’s—” “Ranny,” Mr. Noble said, “I think I just learned some- thing.” Ranny spat. “You better learn something else. I’m quit- ting. Get yourself a new segundo.” “I got one, if he’ll take the job.” “If you mean me,” Michael Houston said, “you’ve hired a Coloradoan. I would certainly admire to learn about good horses from you, Mr. Noble.” “Quit soft soaping the boss,” Ranny drawled. “Save it for his daughter.” “It’s an idea,” Michael said, and loped toward the house. The two men stood there a while looking after him. In the barns a horse whickered, and the new mare answered. “Nice mare you bought today,” Ranny said. “Diane picked her. I guess she’s a pretty good judge of horseflesh, Ranny. Blood will out, you—” “Me,” said Ranny, “I would walk soft and talk gentle for a while if I was you! ” “Don’t forget you’re talking to your boss, Ranny. You—” Then Mr. Noble grinned in the dark. “I’d be honored to do so,” he said, in fair imitation of a Rocky Mountain drawl. “You coming up to the house for dinner tonight, Ranny? There’s likely to be doings.” SPEEDWAY DELUXE BLADES ■FOR FAST, SMOOTH, ECONOMICAL SHAVESShort Voyage Home By Richard Sale Author of “Launch Torpedots,” “Design for Valor” etc. Before the German's gun the English pilot yanked out the bilge plug The exceptional story of two men who fell out of the sky—to meet again in strange conflict ROSS went down first. He had been sparring with the German plane, each of them trying to find an opening, and neither one succeeding. The fight between the two of them, Hurricane and Messerschmitt, had been going on for ten minutes. Ross knew he had a bearcat because he had seen the black markers on the Jerry’s fin. Each marker meant a victory. But when he lost a wing, Ross knew the Jerry hadn’t done it. Not the chap in the other plane. You seldom saw the man who got you, for Hurricanes are blind astern. But he was pretty sure he’d been caught by anti-aircraft, probably from Gris Nez. Anyway, he went down. He bailed out safely enough and the parachute functioned perfectly. There was no sensation of motion after that. He looked up and was stunned. The anti-aircraft fire had caught the German plane too. The Jerry had been shot down by his own army. Ross watched, fascinated, as the port engine of the Messerschmitt burned. He saw the Jerry go over the side, bailing out too, saw the parachute blossom as his own had. They went down. He had a lead on the German of about half a mile. He forgot his former adversary and regarded the sea below. Here was an insoluble problem. The descent was safe enough. He had bailed out of a wrecked fighter with impunity. And no one had fired upon him as his para- chute came down. He was almost mid-channel between Calais and Dover. Everything was just fine. Except that he was going to drown. He felt in his pocket and found a cigarette and managed ' to light it with his storm-lighter. He smoked the cigarette slowly, his young face grave as he examined the water below. It was flecked with white-horse water here and there, and it looked gray and ugly. The wind was northeast and it rolled up the combers briskly. There were no Briitsh crash boats in sight, though they sometimes came out to rescue pilots. Pilots were valuable. But no boat appeared. And, of course, no Ger- man boat dared poke its nose off the French coast. It was a very ironical thing to live through being shot down only to drown in an English sea. Ross smoked and regarded the German pilot who hung in the sky above him. That poor chap with all his vic- tories marked on his fin, he too was in a bit of a spot. Plane wrecked by his own compatriots’ ack-ack, he was destined for the sea, too. Ross forgot they had been fight- ing and worried about the Jerry pilot a little. At one thousand feet, he began to examine the sea thor- oughly, from pure habit, as if looking for the best spot to drop himself down. This was a little ridiculous, but it was an instinctive gesture. To his sudden amazement, he saw a boat. It was not a crash boat. Indeed, the word boat was, perhaps, too flattering. It was a small three-place dory, adrift in mid-channel. It was a paint-flecked, grimy little gray thing, terribly small and terribly alone. It was empty. There was a single oar lying in the bot- tom of the boat. One oarlock was smashed, and the star- board side of the gunwale was splintered as if from a burst of shrapnel. Ross wondered how the devil the thing could have been S354 ARGOSY floating there so providentially. Not possibly a left-over from the thousands of boats that figured at Dunkirk. This was long past Dunkirk. Just a dory, no doubt, that had torn loose and drifted out to sea. Or a dory from some abandoned freighter. Anyway, there was a boat. He spilled air from his chute to guide himself toward it. It was not quite under him. He saw that he was going to make it beautifully. He spilled air again, dropping much faster, so that he would not pass beyond it by the time he came down. It took skill, but Ross was skillful. At three hundred feet, he began to worry that he might put both his boots right through its bottom. But he was not this good. He overshot it by fifteen feet and went into the icy water with a tremendous splash. IT SEEMED as if he must have sunk to the very bottom of the channel before his life belt had any effect at all. The belt finally made itself known and slowly raised the bulk of him and his flying clothes to the surface. He found his head clear of the chute, and he paddled very amateur- ishly until he reached the dory. Encumbered, he could not climb into the dory. He cut himself loose from the chute and the life preserver and then got out of his flying clothes and climbed up over the bow into.the boat. After this, he attempted to regain the life preserver for future use, but it had floated off beyond his reach. He watched it go disconsolately. Ross took the oar, not seeming to feel the cold, and he looked up for the Jerry. There he was, spilling air too, in order to come down close to the dory. The Jerry did not have a life preserver on. He was also going to fall short. He had seen the boat too late. He waved cheerfully, and Ross waved back. Ross took the single oar and began to scull toward the spot where7 he expected the German to plunge in. He waved toward the spot, and the German nodded. They did well. The German splashed in just before the bow of the boat reached there. The German came up once, blubbering. Ross grabbed him by the collar and cut the chute straps from him, then helping him into the boat. It was all over within a minute. They both sat down on the thwarts, drenched, feeling the cold now, and they both panted for their breath. The dory tossed heavily in the seas, but did not take any water. “Danke,” the Jerry said, finally, still gasping. Ross said, “I’m sorry, ! don’t speak it.” “Of course,” said the Jerry. “Pardon me, I should have addressed you in English, since I speak it. Thank you very much for helping me. It was a very close call, nicht ■wahr? I caught my life preserver in my safety belt up- stairs and I had to get rid of it. It was very good of you to reach me so quick, eh?” He was a little older than Ross, and gray at the tem- ples. His face was not unkind. His eyes were tired. He had a faint smile on his mouth. “My name is Flirgen.” “Mine is Ross,” Ross said. “We both ran into a little bad luck up there. Your ack-ack batteries on the coast got me.” “Me too, the fools,” said Flirgen without malice. “Did you ever hear of anything so stupid as firing upon a dog- fight? When we move so fast, how are they to tell which of us they will hit?” “It really wasn’t a good idea,” Ross said. “At the same time, through good luck, we’ve both managed to live through—it. That might not have happened otherwise.’' “Yes, you are right,” Flirgen said. He smiled coldly. “You were doing very well, Ross. Very well, indeed. Com- ing from me, that is a high compliment. I do not mean to be egostical, mind you, that is not on my mind. But I have flown for a long time, and I have shot down many machines. You saw my fin, doubtless, with the markers. Forty-two of them. So when I say you fly well, believe me.” “Forty-two,” said Ross, hovering between hate of the idea, and admiration of the record. “Oh, yes,” said Flirgen. “Believe me, Ross, that is true. Those were confirmed. But not all British. My word, no. Seven British. Twelve are Spanish. I flew with the Con- dor in Spain. I flew against Poland, Belgium, France. Only seven British. And they have been very difficult. And you?” “Five confirmed,” said Ross. “But I have only been flying for two months.” FLIRGEN looked thoughtful. “Look here, my friend, it occurs to me that we should not discuss the business of killing. In the air, it is a machine against a machine. One does not like to think that there is a man to die in each machine. You understand me?	* “I find the thought that you have shot down five un- comfortable. And then I wonder how you feel when when I say forty-two. Face to face in this manner, it is un- pleasant. One thinks, in the air, of shooting down machines. Face to face, we find we have been men, out to kill each other. It is not nice.” “I think you are right,” Ross said, relieved. He smiled faintly at the German. “You’re an excellent flyer your- self. I couldn’t get inside you.” He began to scull with the oar, pointing the bow of the boat toward the white cliffs of Dover where they rose, faintly and remote, against the background of the flecked and angry channel. The wind had a bite through the wet clothes. “A moment,” said Pilot Flirgen. Ross stopped sculling a moment and glanced at the pilot. Flirgen’s face was filled with indecision and mild dismay but it was not yet unfriendly. The dory continued its weigh for a moment, and then fell off with the seas and rolled heavily once more. “What is it?” Ross said. “It appears to me,” said Flirgen gently, “that we still have a problem here, Ross. It has changed somewhat be- cause we are no longer in the air. But upstairs, you and I met in our planes, and intended that one of us should go home, and the other not.” “Well, Flirgen?” “Which way do you head us, my friend?” Ross’ face was like stone. “To Dover, Flirgen, to Eng- land.” “But I would prefer, Ross, to head this boat for Calais, for occupied France.” They faced each other, staring at each other. Ross said, “But this is my boat, Flirgen. By law of the sea and sal- vage, I was the first to reach it and take command of it, and it is under my command.” “Please don’t be British,” said Flirgen with a faint cool smile. “To be British is to be stuffy. You are being stuffy. Obviously you reached the boat. And possibly, it is yours. But still, I have no wish to go to England and be interned. It’s rather a disgraceful fate for an ace.”SHORT VOYAGE HOME 55 “Most German pilots are glad to reach England alive,” said Ross. “They are well fed and well treated and they do not have to fly again. They become philosophers, even the young ones.” “Doubtless,” said Flirgen dryly, “at the same time, I am a soldier, and not a coward, and I wish to fly again for my fatherland. It might be different if you had defeated me in air combat, but you have not, Ross, and who is to say that you might have lost the game entirely? I wish to go to France.” “And I,” said Ross evenly, “to England.” There was a long and ugly silence as they faced each other. Then Flirgen said, “Come now, we are enemies again. Let us forget'the war_ for a moment and behave as civilized man. We can afford to be civilized. Now we can’t both get away. So let us toss a coin for it. I have one on me.” “I never gamble,” said Ross. “I’d prefer not.” “That is true,” said Flirgen, amused. “You English- men do not gamble. Well, then, suppose you suggest some- thing.” “I suggest we go to England. I intend to. It is my boat.” He coughed deprecatingly. “After all, old man, I didn’t have to scull under you when you dropped into the sea—” Flirgen looked annoyed for the first time. “I resent your tone, Ross. I fully appreciate your saving my life. It was a gallant thing to do, but only what one gentleman would expect of another. Now it is a different thing. I don’t see why I should be interned when you failed to defeat me in battle. I don’t see why I should be interned on a technicality.” “But since you-did not defeat me either—* “True, but it was a question of nerve, Ross, as to whose nerve would break first. We were both in a tight circle and one of us would have had to fly out of it when his nerve broke. Yours would have broken first. I do not mean to insult you by saying this, but after all I have downed forty-two planes and flown in three phases of war- fare. Mine would not have broken.” “This is my boat,” Ross said, his eyes flinty. “And this is my sea, a British sea.” “There is an argument about that between our coun- tries. It is also a stuffy remark. No offense, Ross. But it settles nothing.” “This can’t be settled,” said Ross. “Not if you intend to go to France. For I fully intend to reach England.” He began to scull again, his eyes on the German. “You can slop me by a hand-to-hand fight in this boat, if you wish.” TTVLIRGEN studied him a moment. “I will guarantee you safe conduct in France and attempt to persuade my commanding officer to return you to your home air- port.” “Thank you,” Ross smiled. “I have full confidence in your honor, Flirgen, but not in your country’s!” “In that case,” Flirgen said wearily, “you leave me no alternative. We are at war again, and it seems a pity.” He reached into his flying suit and brought out a pistol which he aimed at Ross’ stomach. “I’m very sorry to be so ugly, Ross, but you are a prisoner of war, and I order you to turn the boat around and scull toward France.” Ross looked at the gun. He thought: It’s been in the sea but it’ll work just the same. He said, “And if I re- fuse?” “I will have to shoot you and go alone,” said Flirgen. “For God’s sake, man, be sensible. I like you. I don’t want to kill you any more than you want to kill me.” Ross stopped sculling and sat down on the stern thwart. He felt a little empty and cold. He shivered at the bite of the wind. “Then you will be just as unfair in that you haven’t defeated me either and yet I arft a prisoner.” “What else can I do? And I firmly believe your nerve, Ross, would have broken first. I have been fighting so much longer.” Flirgen lowered the gun slightly. “Come, come, my friend, there is nothing else to do. Luck is with me that I still have a weapon. You have only nerve left, and here it is no good to you. Scull for Calais.” Ross stared at the bilge. Then he reached down slowly and grabbed hold of a plug and yanked it out of the bilge. A finger of water stood up in the bottom of the boat, and the black slime in the bilge instantly began to gain in depth. Pilot Flirgen did not understand for a moment what had happened. He had seen Ross move but the bilge plug was so small, he hardly made it out in Ross’ hand. He frowned at the finger of water, suddenly opened his eyes wide as he took cognizance of its meaning, and then shout- ed, “Ross! Put it back! Put back that plug!” Ross’ eyes were faraway, focusing on the great white cliffs across the wind-whipped seas, his chests taut and smooth as he held his jaw firm. “No,” he said harshly. “Throw away your pistol, Flirgen. We are going to Eng- land or we are going to drown, both of us. Shooting will do no good. I’ll throw this plug overboard before you can reach me. My hand is over the side, it will drop when your bullet strikes me.” “But the water is filling usl” Flirgen cried. “Lieber Gott, Ross, it will be too late! Put back the plug!” He turned quickly and threw the gun into the air. It splashed into the sea and sank from sight. “There, there, Ross, only put back the plug! It will be too late. In the name of God—” Ross saw the gun go. He bent forward slowly and put the plug back into the bottom of the hull, forcing the finger of sea down into the hole until it vanished com- pletely. He stamped on the plug with his heel to set it. Then he returned to his thwart and took up the oar. He sculled. It was a long time before his face relaxed. “Flirgen,” he said, “bail out the bilge. Use your boot, get the water out of the bottom. We will make better time.” “To England,” said Flirgen gloomily. “You didn’t win fairly, Ross. I should still fight you. But I will be a philosopher. But it was not fair. It was as unfair as my gun.” He glanced up, shrugging. Ross shrugged too. “Was it a question of nerve, Flir- gen? You spoke of nerve before.” “It was not a question of nerve,” Flirgen said sadly. “Or maybe it was. But I have always looked with horror upon drowning. It was most unfair, you see. I cannot swim. Did you know'that? Or did you just gamble?” “Do Englishmen ever gamble?” Ross said. “You told me yourself that the British do not know how to gamble.” “That is correct.” “I did not gamble,” said Ross 'quietly. “It was no gam- ble, Flirgen. I have always looked with horror upon drowning too. You see, I cannot swim either. So it was fair enough.”G unswift By Jack Byrne CHAPTER XXXI ARMY OF FORGOTTEN MEN TWO horsemen rode up Wampum Street. The night was cooled by a small wind out of the north, and muted thunder was mumbling its first false bravado below the rim of the lowering sky. Greater winds would blow and thunderbolts would rock the roof before the night was done. “But where we goin’?” Swifty said. “I don’t know, Swifty. Somewheres—anywheres. I got to move.” “We could just as well ride wrong as right,” said Swifty. “Let’s stop an’ see how Bearpaw’s cornin’ on. He’s an old man, Cass, and he was hit a heavy blow. Mebbe he can talk a little better now. There might be more that he could tell.” “Ride herd on me, Swifty,” Cass said slowly. “Don’t let me make myself a fool. It’s mainly this feelin’ that just won’t stay downed. I got to find her.” • . . . Shand had jumped sidewise, slapping at his thigh. Dr. Farabaugh stood tall beside the table, and his quick glance went to the cupped candle, the tiny tongue of flame. “I’ll shoot if you move!” Mary Ellen cried. The drug had dilated her pupils, hazing her vision, giv- ing her a wild black glare, but her voice was sharp with purpose and she backed it with a steadfast gun. “Stand steady, Ollie!” the doctor said softly. “She’s sick—she doesn’t know what she’s doing. Can’t you see what’s in her eyes?” Perhaps he believed it. He spoke in his gentle doctor’s voice, so soothing, and he looked at her without alarm. He was using the professional poise that calmed his violent patients. He would not risk a sudden move. His easy words would distract her, disarm her. So she knew. “It’s to save a scandal, Ollie,” he said, “that I tried to get her away. You know the strain she’s been under. I kept her at my own home, hoping my treatments could prevent—” He moved his hand slowly, gesturing. “I didn’t realize she might break suddenly. I couldn’t believe her rage might be turned-on Ada—” ''' His lies! The desperate lies he had woven in his vigils of fear. Speaking them now with a double tongue to confuse Ollie Shand and to decoy her into some move of error. Or to test her, perhaps, to measure the extent of her recovery. “If the truth came out,” he said, “I don’t know what might have happened in Triangle. That town is lynch- crazy, boy. Stand your distance there and let me handle her. Her mind’s a blank. She’s thrown off the morphia just enough to make her dangerous. But she won’t harm Gentry led his strange posse Into that wild jamboree S6 The first installment of this seven-part serial, herein concluded appeared in the Argosy for February 15GUNSWIFT 57 me. She’s learned to trust me, haven’t you, Mary Ellen?” And he said, “Put it down. Drop your arm, my dear. No one will injure you.” His bearded lips smiled and he made a step toward her. “Stand back,” she breathed. “I’ll shoot—” “Oh, no,” he said, and he lifted his hand, reaching it out to her. “Give it to me, Mary Ellen. Let the doctor take care of it for you, my dear.” He came another smiling step, and his hand was reach- ing, and she read in his face the victory he was winning. He thought he had mastered her poor drugged brain. An- other slow step and then his pounce. His quick hand slapping— “No!” she screamed. “No!” He was in mid-step when she pulled the trigger. The sound of explosion was dull in her ears, a puff, a plop, a midget force to halt so huge a man. Yet it straightened him like a lifting blow. It jolted the length of his body and transformed his face. His stretching hand jerked up- ward, snatching at air, and abruptly he began to sag. She closed her eyes as he melted, melted down. OLLIE SHAND stood rigid. She turned to him, shift- ing the revolver barrel, and his face was frozen. A young face, a sensible, homely face. “He drugged me,” Mary Ellen said, ghost-voiced. “I am not crazy. I didn’t kill his wife.” “Look out with that gun,” said Ollie Shand. “I only want to get away,” she said. “I want to get to Triangle. I can’t go back to sleep. I—we’ve got to warn Abel Bannister.” He watched her. They looked at each othef while seconds passed. The body Yin the floor did not exist for them. “You’ve got to believe me,” she said. “I heard what you said. I know how you feel. Go on—ride now—warn Bannister!” He shook his head. “They’d shoot me down without a word. But I’ll show you the trail, I’ll ride with you if you say so.” “I .couldn’t,” she said breathlessly. “I couldn’t sit the saddle. I can barely hold—” And the gun slumped with her hand. It clattered to the floor, and Ollie Shand made no move for it. The sleep, the gray lethargy, was flowing her body again. That flame of salvation in her mind was waning, guttering like the candle in its cup. “Help me,” she begged. “Lift me up—make me stand- let me fight it!” But even with his arm supporting her, even when she stood outside with her hand clinging to his shoulder, the strength would not come again. She was dizzy and the darkness reeled. “The buggy,” she said. “Put me into it. You can’t wait for me; you’ve got to ride! How soon can you get to Triangle Town? Cass Gentry—tell him; he’s the man to _ stop it. Can you reach him in time, Ollie Shand?” “It all depends,” he said. “It depends on how early Bannister started and how straight Red Helwig’s leadin’ ’em. All I can do is whatever.” Ollie Shand would think later of the curious under- standing with which they had spoken. McHale’s daughter and Mile Shand’s son, facing each other with death be- tween them. Stranger looking at stranger, and yet no questions to be asked. The only explanation Ollie had for it was something— some sly glint—he had seen in Doc Farabaugh’s eye. It had told Ollie that the doc was fixing to jump him. He had known he would have to use his gun on that big wild bear, and sometimes he wondered if he would have shot as lucky, if his bullet would have traveled as straight to the heart as hers did. He couldn’t be at all sure about that. HOOVES ran a deepening tattoo into the quiet of Wam- pum Street—a lone horseman cutting the wind. He checked his headlong pace as he neared the Wheel of For- tune, and his shadowy figure straightened in the saddle. His revolver pointed into the night, loosing three ex- plosions. He lifted his voice as the echoes racketed. “Gentry!” he shouted. “Cass Gentry!” Heads popped from the doorways nearby, but none jumped into view as rapidly as did the summoned man. Cass had been sitting on the steps of the hardware shop, counting his thumbs, and he called an instant answer. He came on the double-quick with Swifty at his elbow. The signal-shooting rider climbed down and posted him- self so that the rim of light from Venable’s biggest window disclosed his features. The stubble had been shaved from his chin, but Cass recognized Ollie Shand. “A lady sent me, Gentry,” he said. “You an’ me have got to ride, or Triangle Town will count widows by mornin’.”	m Cass tried to yell six questions at once, spluttering. “She’s all tight,” said Ollie Shand. “Lissen, dammit! Bannister’s in bad trouble. They got a deadfall set—” Cass listened. Without a single drop of redeye pain- cure under his belt, he grew to twice his size in thirty seconds, just knowing she was safe. Just knowing Mary Ellen was secure and that she had sent word to him. It didn’t matter where she was or why or how she got there, nor did he think it curious at the time, that her message came from Ollie Shand. All he cared about was the sudden shift of weights inside which told him that the world was right again. Bannister... Cattail Cut. .. rifles hidden and boulders set to roll . .. Red Helwig .. . Mary Ellen ... stop ’em! “Now lissen close,” said Ollie Shand. “I know a crow- fly way that cuts ten miles from the distance that'Bannister traveled by road. It’s rough and tough on horseflesh, but it gets you there. If we can make the ride in time, startin’ now, I’m damned if I know. “I figger Bannister wasted some hours pickin’ up the parties from the Valleys ranches. He’ll likely mosey on- ward slow and quiet. On the other hand, he may be there by now with his saddle shot from under ’im.” “Bring up our horses, Swifty,” said Cass. “I knew we’d need ’em.” “How Bannister can be stopped right now,” said Shand, “a better brain than mine will have to puzzle. If this was a few hours earlier, we might cut into his trail before he hit the big malpais. Tryin’ to head ’im now, though, would be huntin’ a flea in a haystack. “Best we can do, as I see it, is head straight for the Cut and take our chances. If we beat ’im there—well, we can raise some rumpus, mebbe, and spoil the setup with- out too many killed. If we don’t beat ’im—” He shook his head. “Of course, if we counted fifteen men, ’stead of three, we might be able—” “What do you mean?” Cass demanded, and Ollie told him. He explained the layout of Cattail Cut and the country behind it, and how a bunch of men might Injun in beyond. “Wait a minute,” Cass muttered. “But I hear,” said Ollie, “that there ain’t a able man or decent horse left here in Triangle.” Cass looked at him. “I’ll be back directly.” TTE WENT into the Wheel of Fortune, and the man at -*-•1 the end of the bar stared at the whip-whap sound of the doors that fluttered behind him. Why hadn’t the sound of shots outside brought ’em running? He went58 ARGOSY striding back, seeking a certain face he had noticed before. Hop Randolph, almost as if he had been expecting the visit, stepped apart from the others. In the slight gap of hesitation before Cass spoke, a queer consideration flashed across his mind. Here were the men that a woman-killer had feared to face. Not afraid of what they might do but of the contempt he would see in their eyes. They were the looking-glasses in which a Carson City gambler had seen his own weakness, into which Cass Gentry had projected his doubts of himself. But why should any man care a damn what a hundred Happy Hours thought, what a thousand Wheels of Fortune said, if he knew the truth inside himself? What did repu- tations matter? Reputations were for men who had nothing else to value. The only real repute was what a man believed of himself. It had taken a long time to pound the lesson home, but Cass knew the truth of it now. Tonight, and that other night, had given him something stronger than pride to balance him. “You men locked in here?” he asked. “You might say so, yes,” said Randolph. “We’re in your class, Gentry; we ain’t quite good enough to be in- vited to go out and get shot, nor to drink wine at the celebration Frank Irish is holdin’ up on the Hill. “The vigilantes passed out word that the streets would be watched tonight, and that men seen roamin’ loose would be called on to explain their business. With the Judge Lynch talk that’s gone around, a man’s a fool to take chances.” ‘Bannister and his crowd are headed into ambuscade,” Cass said harshly. “I need as many men as can be gathered on a longshot chance of springin’ ’em free. It means a rough ride and bullets in your hair. It calls for men who can sit a horse and shoot a gun and don’t prize their skin too highly. How many such can I mount in the next ten minutes?” Silence, and then a growl of sound. “You’ll have to take my word for the truth of it,” Cass said, “and the only way I know it’s true is that Ollie Shand told me. Would any of you gents choose to ride on such a job behind a rustler and a woman-killer?” The growl grew to a roar. Shouting men pushed forward to answer him. CHAPTER XXXII INTO THE VALLEY OF DEATH THE rescue party rode out fifteen strong, with twelve picked hands selected from thirty volunteers. Some of them sat their kaks with the unease of riders needing practice, some of them lacked boots and spurs, a few were slightly tipsy. They were variously armed and mounted, and variously garbed, but they carried their weapons like men prepared to use them. Swart-faced men and pale-faced men, men in gamblers’ finery and in stablehands’ dungarees, they had in common a certain look of warlike capability. They followed Ollie Shand, orphans of the dark, through a night that groaned out thunder. They veered against a wind that held the cold threat of rain. They followed Ollie Shand into Hell, some of them must have thought before the ride was ended. Ollie led them by forgotten trails and trails that never were. He led them at a pace that was dangerous in the dark, smelling his way along, it seemed, by animal instinct. And if they thought the going was tough in the early miles, they learned what tough could be when they hit the badlands. Enough light seeped through the overcast to show the hazy contours of the country they traveled, but there was no great extent of visibility. They saw timber stands as looming walls and gullies as. gouges of deeper shadow. They rode through ten-foot defiles, bending to escape the brush that switched their faces. They galloped mesa stretches as level as a faro board, and skidded down cut- bank slopes in rivulets of shale and a fog of dust and a mutter of curses. They splashed over watercourses and along them. Time and again they came to seeming dead-end impasses. They would charge at a barrier stretch of bosque, darkly impenetrable, and in the very shadow of it Ollie Shand would swing right or left into an opening. They filed through brush-and-boulder ravines that narrowed to cramping slits, but always there' was a miraculous exit at the end of them. They drove straight at drop-offs, and only Ollie Shand’s eyes, or his instinct, could see the cut- offs that led to safety. Mixed country, it was called. Hell’s Hundred Miles— so it had been named in the days that some of the riders could remember, the days when the war-feather Sioux kept their tomtoms humming. Along about the third breather- stop, several of the possemen would have sworn they had already traveled a thousand miles of that desolate hundred. The route they followed would have been a risky one by daylight, traveling at quarter-speed, and Ollie Shand could claim all the credit for the feat that brought them to a halt this side of midnight with no more than two of the troop forced out along the way. A horse pulled up lame in the midway stretch, and somewhere one of the drag- riders lost himself, which tallied them as thirteen strong when Ollie signaled the last dismount. Thirteen—the baker’s dozen, the unluckiest number. “Either the war is over,” Ollie said, “or it ain’t started yet.” He pointed. “Cattail Cut lies yonder. We stand some half a mile behind ’er. From here we lead the horses. “We move as careful as we can. I’m countin’ that Ax- ton’s bunch will figger any noise we make as cornin’ from men of their own. They don’t expect no strangers to have swung in at the rear.” Cigarettes glowed in the gloom where they waited. It would be the last smoke for some of them. A bottle passed from hand to hand. A few whispers traveled, but mostly the men stood silent. Hop Randolph and Swifty moved among them, checking the cartridge supply, and Ollie Shand’s plan of campaign was quickly outlined. CASS GENTRY went on with Ollie ahead of the others. The storm was still delaying, fuming behind the clouds, but now there were riffles of lightning shot through thunder groans, and a sprinkle of rain swept down on an occasional blow of wind. Let it blow, let it rain, let the sky bust loose, Cass thought. It would be a fitting background for this show- down deal. For this was the fag-tail flutter of the cards, the bottom chip tossed into the jackpot of Triangle’s 'mystery. The outline of what had happened, starting with the death of Matthew McHale, had been shaped in truth tonight. The answers to the most important questions were neatly laid out in Cass Gentry’s mind. The brain of the conspiracy was in Triangle Town, but the fist of it was clenched over Cattail Cut. If this blow could be parried, its force destroyed, Cass Gentry’s job of work would be almost done. Even such a jugheaid as Abel Bannister would be forced to see the reality and to act upon it. That is, if Bannister was one of the lucky ones who didn’t stop a slug somewhere in the shooting. “Here’s where we’ll start from,” said Ollie Shand softly. “The mouth of this little wash opens on a slope. It’s good clear ground all the way down to their barricade. Let’s snake up this ridge and I’ll show you.”GUNSWIFT 59 Cass stretched on his belly and scouted the dim layout below. With Shand’s whispered words in his ear he could visualize the terrain of action. Cattail Cut ran east and west, a brush-sided, rock-studded gorge that knifed more than a .hundred yards of passage through ridges of timber and tangle. The gorge narrowed to a thirty-foot Width at the west- ward notch, an opening which could be marked as the lightning flickered. The gorge spilled into a saucer plateau, and it was on the rim of this that Cass and Ollie were posted. “You can’t make ’er out very plain right now,” Ollie murmured, “but I watched ’em pile the rocks and logs that block the passage. When Bannister’s bunch gets well inside the east end, them boys on the slopes will crack down. Boulders will roll and rifle fire will bite down on the drag. “They won’t be able to stand still, and I doubt if Ban- nister’s got the brains to turn back the way he come. He’ll likely come bustin’ on ahead, buckin’ spang into the bar- ricade and the rifles behind it. I expect Axton will have his main force there, and you can figger yourself how many will go down with fifteen or twenty men shootin’ point- blank into the pile-up." “And I think I know the reason for this little caper,” Cass said. “This is the blow-off of the Burnt Mills boys. Shoot and run is all they’ll aim to do. They expect to send Abel Bannister limpin’ home with dead across the saddles, which will cool any more vigilante notions.” “If we’d been sure that Bannister would poke along so slow,” said Shand, “we might have headed ’im on the other side. We got no choice though, now. Let’s get on back to the wash. I might scout a little closer and see what I can find before I head on frontwards. Two quick shots, then three—that’ll be the signal. The rest is up to you, Gentry.” SWIFTY and Hop Randolph had brought the others up to the lee of a wooded stand near the wash. There was no smoking now, and even the whispers were lacking. The faces, seen in the shutters of lightning that flashed at long intervals, were grave, hard-cast. These men were gamblers, most of them, but they were gambling in a different game tonight. The stakes were higher than silver and greenbacks, and they stood to lose more than they could gain. Yet they had no complaints, no questions, no hesitations. Cass knew how they felt. Hop Randolph told the story with that expression of his: “not good enough to be invited to go out and get shot.” They were counted as the buzzards of Triangle Town—and they were no better than they pro- fessed to be. But this was their way of telling which side of the river they wanted to ride on. Ollie Shand tossed a rock into the branches a little later —warning his approach—and ghosted from the shadows to deliver his scouting report. “I practically crawled right in amongst ’em,” he said, “It was Axton himself that I heard talk. Them devils even had a man or two ridin’ with Bannister’s bunch who cut out ahead to carry word. “The vigilantes are' kickin’ over the traces, which is what slowed ’em down. Some claimed the storm would wash their chances out and they should choose another night. More than a few headed back for their homes. But Bannister’s pushin’ on with the rest, hell or high water. They expect ’im at the Cut right shortly.” “What plans they got?” said Cass. “Same as I called the turn on, from what I could hear. Bannister’s even made it easy to know who to shoot at. He’s got his vigilantes wearin’ white cloth strips on their hats so they won’t mistake each other. Well, so long, gents. Good luck. I’ll shoot the news when Bannister’s inside. Two and three—that’s my signal.” The minutes dragged. On Swifty Ogden’s suggestion, a gambler stripped off his expensive silk shirt and strips of the white fabric were used as hatband decorations. Men checked their guns again and counted the cartridges in their pockets. They stood beside their horses, and when the signal came they needed no order to mount. Two quick reports, then three—and the summons of those distant gunblasts was a louder sound to the men beyond the wash than all the night’s thunder. An answering fusillade boomed out before the echoes faded. CHAPTER XXXIII MIDNIGHT FORTUNE PISTOL-FLASH and rifle-roar stabbing the shadows, racketing the walls of Cattail Cut, pounding a hula- baloo into the stormy midnight. Eager men, waiting in ambush, who tugged their triggers and bellowed their shouts and sent the great stones toppling from the upper ridges with a rumble and a crash and a sliding clatter trailing after. Startled men, hemmed in the gloom of frowning steeps, suspicious men crowded in confusion, who turned their faces up to a sudden assault of spanging lead and avalanche, who reined at skittering mounts and grabbed their weapons fast and loosed them off at everything and nothing. It was a midnight of surprises for many men, but the two who'were stricken with greatest shock were Abel Ban- nister, the bull for whom the ambush had been planned, and Preacher Axton, the fox who had planned it. The Snaketrack boss rode in the van of his vigilantes, as a leader should, and he was a grim-jawed, harried, sul- phurous leader long before he headed into the Cattail maw. Delays and bad trails and bickerings! Fools who forgot their orders and yellow-bellied skunks who shied at a drop of rain! How many weeks had he planned this raid? How many miles had he pounded the roads to gather his men? How much of his time and money had he poured down this rathole? The worries he wouldn’t admit sat heavy behind his saddle. Maybe they should be raiding by daylight, as some seemed to think. Maybe a brighter night would be better, or a wipe-out charge timed with the dawn. It might pour rain and bog them all, at that. It might be better to split in smaller parties, to lay a siege on the Pocket, to scatter the fight in guerilla style. Maybe Ollie Shand did expect they were coming, and he might well have a deadfall set. Maybe this damn’ Red Helwig was as lost as any the rest of ’em. So he was thinking, nosing ahead into the quiet of the cut, with his force dwindled to the fifty-odd who tagged behind. Such were his worries when a pistol cracked from nowhere and the skies fell down. Abel Bannister blared out a rallying cry as rocks tumbled upon the rear files and rifles winked along the slopes above. Any fool could see there were less than a dozen guns turned on them, and any idiot should have known that the attack was intended to stampede. Impossible to storm the slopes, of course; no sense in chasing back toward the entrance mouth; and if that rabbit-livered rabble had had the brains to hark to him, if they’d held their heads and hugged the walls for cover, there needn’t have been a breakneck jamboree. But even his great voice could not avail against the babel that they raised. Grown men, picked men, fighting men—yet thirty seconds changed them into a run of boogered cattle. They shot off their guns; horses reared;60 ARGOSY and an unlucky bullet from above caught one man in the neck and started him screaming. A horse went down as more rocks clattered, and suddenly there was a mass surge that pushed Abel Bannister ahead of it. Crouching riders sped past him, and his own strong-jawed trail-horse caught the epidemic. Jammed and jostled, the Snaketrack boss was swept along by the tide that sought the straightest exit out of Cattail Cut. Pellmell vigilante hooves charging the hidden barricade ahead. AND Preacher Axton also had a little surprise in store for him. The hound-faced storekeeper of Burnt Mills had laid his plans carefully. He had weighed every angle of them, checking every possibility. There was a thousand- dollar bonus for the Preacher in this little stunt, Vic Barth had promised, if everything came out all right. An- other thousand to put on top of the good wage-money Preach Axton had been hoarding. He considered that thousand as good as in his pocket when a guarded wink of light from the ridge announced that Bannister was stepping into the spider’s parlor. The ten men along the heights knew what they were supposed to do, and Axton had posted himself at the barricade with the other sixteen to see that no hitch developed on the business end of the proceedings. It wasn’t exactly a slaughter that was wanted, Vic Barth had explained. Just enough to throw the fear of God into ’em. Axton had arranged, therefore, to give them three doses of the soothing syrup put up by Dr. Colt and Dr. Winchester. The opener would be with rifles—pumpinglnto the mass as they came and shooting mainly to stop the rush, to down the front push of horses. After that, each of his sixteen would empty two revolvers into the tangle. Then they would grab their getaway mounts and skeedaddle—another day, another dollar. Preach Axton stood behind his crouching men, and the faint noises of the coming vigilantes were money-music in his ear. There was one second at the start—some dumb fool must have triggered his pistol beforehand, firing five shots—when his doubts rose up. But then the high rifles began to crack, the rocks started rumbling, and from the yells of the vigilantes and the burst of wild fire they loosed he knew they were on the run. He could hear them coming—closer, closer—and then the surprise turned up. Preach Axton thought for a second that Cattail Cut had turned itself around in the dark, for suddenly horsemen were charging them from behind, from the wrong direction. They were coming in both directions, and the fat was in the fire! • THE misfit posse that followed Cass Gentry was midway down the curve of the saucer before the main artillery began to bang. The twelve riders were spaced out wide, and for the first twenty jumps they held their tongues and their fire. A wild bullet slapped over their heads. One of Axton’s riflemen, jerking around in panic, discharged his weapon among the horses held ready for escape. Some of the others, bewildered by converging sounds, shot prematurely up the gorge. A few more were turning their muzzles upon the new enemy when Cass Gentry’s pistol whacked out a blast that eleven others echoed. The twelve came fast and came a-shooting. Hand-guns were their weapons, two apiece, with the second held in reserve for the mop-up work at close quarters. They charged into a hasty fire from the ambushers that emptied two saddles, but four of Axton’s men were on the ground when the rescue posse hit the level of the last ten yards. By then the night was a pandemonium of voices and hooves and explosions. Swifty Ogden and the shirtless gambler, riding the left flank, attended to the string of horses that two men tried to control, shooting among them, scattering them. Cass and the others drove straight at the blockade lotm, aiming at the flashes of explosion, at any scurrying figure. It was horseman versus man on foot, and the horsemen had the speed, the jump, the better guns. Sixty seconds of leaden hail decided the skirmish. Abruptly Axton’s bushwhackers were fleeing the attack. Two or three lifted their arms in surrender, and at least one man, a staggering fellow with a bullet in his foot, was pinned beneath the barricade fence when Bannister’s riot of cavalry crashed into it. For the vigilante flight had been unstoppable. The walls of the gorge distorting the gunblast echoes, their own shouts, the blind impulse to seek the fastest and straightest way to safety—all these panic complications crowded them on into the narrowing bottleneck. When the men in front were close enough to recognize the immediate danger ahead, when they tried to pull up, to avoid the unknown turmoil that had no shape or mean- ing in the bottom gloom, they found the trail too narrow and the push from behind too headlong. The pack of horseflesh rammed a fortification of logs and branches, and some of the riders who went down in the first big thrashing spill did not get up again. Sheer weight and pressure collapsed the barrier, and the ears of Triangle County would listen through the years to tales of the miseries and the miracles that happened thereafter. The next five minutes were chaos. The next fifteen were almost senseless jumble of voices and movements and groans and curses. There were some vigilantes who didn’t stop to find out what the trouble was; they turned their horses and lit a shuck, not caring where they went as long as it was away. More than a few were still puzzling over what had happened when the morning dawned. CASS GENTRY and Hop Randolph were the voices cry- ing for order, and somebody lighted a blazing brush fire which rallied commonsense around it. In the early stages it was thought that Abel Bannister was among the missing, but they found him at the edge of the barrier pile- up with a bloody head and a dead horse pinning his leg. He sat in the firelight, when his boot had been cut off and his pants stagged at the knee, and gritted his teeth as he watched his ankle bloat. He listened dazedly to the hasty story Cass Gentry told. “There stand five prisoners to prove it,” Cass finished. “Preach Axton will make a sixth when he gets over the gun-barrel that Hop Randolph laid over his head.” “Make it seven,” a voice drawled from the edge of dark- ness. “Here’s a turkey buzzard I caught cuttin’ back out the front end of the cut. I was layin’ for ’im.” Ollie Shand pushed a scar-faced redhead into the bright- ness. “You know Ollie Shand, Mr. Bannister?” Cass asked. “He’s the boy you got to thank that half your vigilantes ain’t either wounded or dead.”	\ The Snaketrack boss looked up at Shand, then lowered his head dumbly. A mutter ran through the crowd that ringed the fire. A tall man pushed forward. He glared at Red Helwig, tossed a coiled rope at the renegade’s feet. “What we waitin’ for?” he demanded. “Can’t nobody find a tree?" “Hold it!” Cass Gentry called. His voice lifted above the rising growl. “These men are hired hands. The manGUNSWIFT	61 who’s responsible for killin’ your friends, for all the hell you’ve gone through, is laughin’ at you back in Triangle Town. I can point ’im out, I can prove his guilt, if you’ll let me have my way.” Eyes turned towards Abel Bannister for answer. The pain-racked Snaketrack man peered hard at Cass. “My tail’s in the dirt, Gentry,” he said. “You name the ticket, 'boy, and I’ll back it.” “I want a trial,” said Cass. “An open trial for these men and mebbe some others. Triangle’s the place and the time’s as soon as we get there. I want your citizens’ com- mittee to sit in the jury box, and I’ll need men to ride ahead and round up some witnesses.” Bannister looked at the faces around, his vigilantes. They cast their votes silently. “Well, then,” said Bannister, “somebody help me up. Find me some kind of a horse to sit, and let’s get gone from here.” They rode from Cattail Cut with seven prisoners, with nine men wounded or injured. Three vigilantes, unfit to ride, were left behind to rest their hurts and guard the dead. The grumbling storm, finally breaking, whistled a wind and lashed a downpour that chased the dark riders half the way to Triangle Town. CHAPTER XXXIV TRIANGLE TRIAL rPHE time was rounding four o’clock, the place was the Wheel of Fortune, and the trial was the strangest spectacle in Triangle’s history. Abel Bannister was the judge. He sat at the biggest poker table, his swollen foot,propped on a chair, his heavy features grim with pain and purpose. The leaders of the citizens’ committee were the secondary magistrates. They perched in semicircle at the same board —Henry Gaunt, Frank Irish, Martin Burdette, Dan Ven- able, Eli Lombard. Routed from their beds, rushed half- dressed to this demand appointment, they were still be- wildered. The guardet] prisoners, roped in a chain, were a huddle near the wall. Some of the witnesses were being held in Venable’s rear room, and part of the evidence was covered by a tarp that draped another table. The men who crowded the end of the bar, who sat and stood in a silent ring, would call the jury’s verdict. They were rain-soaked, mud-splashed men, and the vigilante hurts they had carried from Cattail Cut were npt the deepest sting of the night’s happenings. They had been long goaded, and all their frustrations had been crowned scant hours back. The memory of the dead they had left behind was in their faces. Cass Gentry spoke as prosecutor. He did not have to lift his voice to carry through the silence of the vaulted room. He made a simple story of it, speaking slow and carefully and covering every detail he knew. This was kangaroo court, and ruthless decision would follow it. Cass wanted these men of Triangle to know the full truth before they called sentence. Greed was behind the troubles of Triangle County, he told them. The snatch of greed had aimed at the whole Six Valleys section, and its first gobble had been the murder of Matt McHale. McHale had been the kingpin of the Valleys, and his Rocker dominated them. McHale had re- fused to sell at a reasonable price, had announced plans to tighten his grip on the free range, and so he had been murdered. Two men had been hired to kill him, and with McHale put out of the way the next move had been to wreck his Rocker spread. Thievery was the method. Tex Cordill, the Rocker foreman, had been bribed to make things easy for the rustlers who started raiding right and left. A blizzard winter, on top of those losses, threw the Rocker into the bankrupt courts where the creditors could pick its bones. Then the night-riders had spread out their campaign to harry the smaller owners in the Valleys and put them on the rocks. “The question now,” Cass said, “is who did the rustlin’, and why. It was natural to suppose that the same old Devil’s Pocket crowd was at work, and that the heavy teids was Ollie Shand’s way of squarin’ up with the men who hung his father. “But Preacher Axton there can tell you different, him and what’s left of his homestead bunch. Or there’s another rqan who some of you men might have better reason to believe, considerin’ what he’s done tonight. Step out and tell ’em, Ollie Shand.” U'OR the first time most of them in the Wheel of Fortune . saw the man whose name for years had been^ curse in Triangle. They heard his drawled words. The Shands had been cleaned from the Devil’s Pocket, Ollie said, by Matt McHale’s surprise party. Those of'the original bunch who had escaped had scattered far. Ollie himself had been living in a remote shack, panning a little creek he had discovered. The Pocket stood deserted until the week McHale was killed. Red Helwig and five-six strangers drifted back then. They started raiding about the time that the home- stead bunch moved into the Valleys. Axton’s crowd worked hand-in-glove with them. It was the damnedest kind of cattle-thievery he ever heard of, Ollie maintained. They sold some of the stolen stuff through old Milo’s regular outlets, but many a time they just scattered the bunches they drove away. There were sections in the deep beyond right now, he said, where hundreds of head were running wild. “You gents can figger that out for yourselves,” Cass said. “Anyhow, there your rustlers stand, seven of ’em. Ask ’em who brought them in here, who they took their pay and their orders from, and they’ll tell two names— Wash Parsons and Vic Barth. But before we swing around to that—how about these seven here? They were caught in murder. They’ve admitted they’re thieves. What’s to be done with ’em?” He looked at Abel Bannister. Bannister glanced at the other faces around the table. “What do you men say? How about it, Henry—you, Dan?—Martin, what’s the lawyer’s verdict?” Burdette’s handsome face was drawn. He pushed his fingers through tousled hair. “This procedure is nonsense, gentlemen. You can’t—you have no authority—these men should be delivered to the law.” “What law?” said Bannister, wincing. He cursed his ankle. “Ben Quigg and his Swede sidekick have gone from town, bag and baggage. Mebbe you want tQ hand ’em over to the gove’nor yourself when you take your law-and-order petition down.” He grunted. “How do you see it, Frank?” The little banker had been studying the faces of the men ringed around. “I vote with the majority,” he announced. “A long rope and a short prayer.” He looked up meaningly at the sturdy rafters. “What about you, Mr. Lombard?” Cass spoke above the rumble from the crowd. “What do you call?” Eli Lombard gave him a quick glance. His lean face was pinched in thought, his lips moved nervously. A shake of head was his answer. CASS held up his hand, and the murmuring faded around the watching circle. There was a bustle of movement from beyond the main doors where a double guard had been62 ARGOSY posted. The outer walk and puddled Wampum Street held a throng that increased with the passing minutes. The grapevine of excitement had wakened sleeping houses, had lighted lamps all over Triangle Town. “You men can name the sentence you choose,” Cass said. “There’s still a bigger dog, though, to be judged along with the pups. There’s a Number Eight man in this room who’s guiltier than these seven put together. I’d like your leave to point my finger and see who it stops on.” A deeper silence spread. Cass let his gray eyes rove from face to face, trying to think of what must be said, of the steady steps he must take toward the accusation. Knowing the truth, and proving it, are horses of different colors. He was not a talking man, not a speech-maker, and his task would not be easy. The weasel-man who must be trapped was not the kind to be caught by force or threats. He wasn’t the Wash Parsons breed'who would blurt his guilt at sight of a gun-snout. “Here’s the story of Number Eight,” Cass began. This man had a special reason for wanting the Valleys, he told them. The murder of McHale, the stripping of the Rocker, the ambush of the vigilantes tonight—these were moves in a carefully planned scheme. The brains of the scheme had hidden his identity behind Vic Barth, his right- hand man, and Barth, in turn, had passed the lesser chores along to Wash Parsons. This was the combination re- sponsible for the recent troubles of Triangle County. “Now there’s some of this I can’t exactly prove,” Cass said. “Tex Cordill, who let the Rocker be milked dry and who hurried forth to set his sights for me and Swifty—Tex is dead and buried. “The yellowback bills stole by Barth and Parsons when they shot old Matt McHale—they’re still bein’ hunted for. Duke Costello, who had reasons to suspect the crooked deal, can’t tell ’em now. He died a little while ago, I hear. I had the two men who could shout the loudest brought into this room, right over there—” With the lift of his hand, Hop Randolph whipped off the tarp that shrouded a nearby table. The bodies of Vic Barth and Wash Parsons were stretched upon it. “But their talkin’s done,” Cass said. He had been watching the face of his man. He had planned this little move in hope of seeing some sign of be- trayal, but the features of Number Eight showed no more surprise, or no less, than did the others who sat with him. 440WIFTY OGDEN and myself,” said Cass, “could tell O	you what Parsons admitted tonight before Barth killed ’im. There’s a woman in back—you call her Madame Mustache—who could also swear to it. “But there’s no reason why three like us should be trusted above a man you people know so well. So the best I can do, I reckon, is to show what kind of a jigger this Number Eight had to be, and let the rest of you guess his name along with me.” He looked at Martin Burdette. “My man had to be a real smart gent,” he said. “He had to know the inside workings of the Rocker, and be close enough to Matt McHale to know what plans he had. He’d need to be a real ambitious man who held a high opinion of himself. He’d be a fellow who savvied the ins and outs of the law—” “Damn you, Gentry, you have no right—” The hand- some young lawyer scraped back his chair. “I demand an opportunity—I refuse to listen—I appeal to the men who know me—” “Sit down!” Cass said harshly. “My man also needed some guts, Burdette. He had to be a real tough fighter, not a show-off. He had to have ideas that he didn’t read in books. I don’t mean you, Burdette. It’s a wider stripe of skunk I’m huntin’.” He turned quickly to confront the man at Bannister’s left, and his voice sharpened. The kill was close—the kill or the miss, whichever it chanced to be. “And my man needed money,” he said. “It called for cash in his pocket to pay the bills Vic Barth ran up; to bribe Cordill and pay the wages of Preach Axton and his crew. He had to have the itch for makin’ money, too—the kind of scissorbill who’s always willin’ to take a dollar in trade for sixty cents. “He knows what land is worth, and how much cattle will bring, and he likes the feel of power in his fist that his deeds and mortgages give ’im. As far as Number Eight’s concerned, the rights or the life of any other man are worth no more than the price of the bullet that steals ’em.” Eli Lombard lifted a skinny hand, claw-fingered. “No,” he gasped. “I swear to God—” “Bring ’em in!” Cass called, and Swifty Ogden herded two protesting men from the rear room. They were curious figures, the tall, pink-skinned Britisher, Jeffery Edmund Talbot, and his saddle-brown Man Friday. “But Number Eight had to be a gambler, too,” Cass said. “He had to be willin’ to take a chance. That kind of lets Lombard out—don’t it, Mr. Irish?” The tuft-haired little banker looked at Cass with steady eyes, with eyes brightly inquiring. “Is your finger pointing at me, Gentry?” he said. “Straight at you,” Cass said, “and my gun behind it.” CHAPTER XXXV WHEN THE GUNSMOKE SETTLES FRANK IRISH turned quickly to Bannister. The Snake- track rancher kept his features impassive. He surveyed Irish, his friend and poker companion through the years, with a horse-trader’s look of measurement. The banker swept his gaze around the other faces— Venable, Gaunt, the throng of townsmen and cowhands who were accustomed to give him their politeness and respect when he passed along the street, when his horse clopped the country roads. They were watching him gravely, waiting his defense. For somehow Cass Gentry had managed to turn the doubtful trick. If he had openly accused Frank Irish he would have met with instant disbelief. If he had jumped straight to the attack, the banker could have countered every thrust, could have hammered the lack of proof. The crowd would have been behind him from the be- ginning, and tonight the crowd was the jury. No formal court of law would convict Frank Irish on the evidence Cass could offer, but now he stood at the bar of the fundamental justice. Irish realized that fact. He made no bluff of indigna- tion, no splutter of protest as the others had. Instead he turned on his monkey’s grin. “This should be good,” he said. “Go on with your brain- storm, Gentry.” Cass kept his voice at the conversational level. “It was quite a brainstorm when it first occurred to me,” he said, “but the more I thought it over the clearer I saw that it couldn’t be anybody else. “You were mighty clever about it. You arranged the deal so that Vic Barth was your only direct connection, and even with Vic you took no chances. I don’t know what sly way you had for passin’ your orders along to ’im, but I reckon it was just as neat as your stunt of hidin’ money in out-of-the-way places, like Lombard’s stable, for Vic to collect. “You and Vic might have cooked that one up special for Wash Parsons’ benefit, I don’t know. It fooled Wash, all right, and for a while it fooled me. But Lombard wasn’tGUNSWIFT 63 man enough to fit the rest of the picture. I knew that.” “Keep right on, boy,” said Irish blandly. “You may say three words any minute that’ve got some sense in ’em.” “I admire the way you handled a lot of this business,” said Cass. “For one thing, there was that money that Barth and Parsons robbed off McHale. You made sure it was in new currency that could be traced. You convinced Barth it wouldn’t be safe to pass, and mebbe you promised to make it good when your big scheme went through. That tied Barth pretty close to you. It gave you a ten-thousand- dollar hold on him, and didn’t cost a single penny.” Irish looked beyond Cass at the crowd. The faces were unchanged. They were patient, attentive, and in them he saw the same cast of interest he had noted in the silent men who watch the fall in a poker deal. “And you were slick as bear grease,” Cass said, “when you gave me that big talk in your office that day. You were so pleased with the way things had gone, so cocksure that your trail was snowed under, that you had to open the strings of your bag and show the inside. “I reckon you figgered your game was so close to the windup, and I was so dumb compared to you, that you might as well enjoy yourself. You took pity on a lone-hand stranger buckin’ the big combine that had fooled Triangle County for good long months. “You just about pushed my nose into Burnt Mills. You cleared suspicion off this man and that. The one lie you told me was a mighty little one at the time. You said that Talbot was lookin’ to buy some minin’ lands in Brule County.” Irish offered his first rebuttal. “And I can show the etters and papers that prove the transaction,” he said. 'What about it?” “Sure you can show the papers,” said Cass. “You could fill this room with proof, I bet, if given time enough. But when we dragged Talbot out of his bed, just a while back, and showed how serious we meant business, he gave us other facts. “He’s not ashamed of bein’ the colonial agent, so he calls himself, of the Inter-Island Cattle Company. He’s a big stockholder, too. The Inter-Island Company runs one of the biggest and most successful spreads in Texas. They think their methods would work in the,north as well if they could find the layout they want. Talbot’s been lookin’ for the right one these couple of years.” THE Englishman made a long forward stride, glaring at Cass. “Perfectly open transaction,” he muttered. “Logical reason for concealing my connections. Name of Inter-Island starts you fellows demanding fantastic prices. Fantastic!” “It was a wide-open deal,” said Irish quickly. “I named Talbot a minin’ man on his own say-so. He was a client of the Exchange Bank. Another of our clients had liens on certain properties, and I was no more than go-between—” “You lie!” said Cass. The bright-eyed little man was beginning to show the strain, he thought. Irish still main- tained his poker face, but he was sitting straighter, putting bite into his voice. And now was the time to nail him! “You lie!” Cass repeated. “The Inter-Island people wanted the whole Valleys section. It was over a year ago that Talbot named the whackin’ price they’d be willin’ to pay. You agreed to handle the purchase, to deliver the kit and kaboodle if given time. You could see a big-sized profit if the land was grabbed up cheap. You set your first bait for the biggest fish, for the Rocker,.knowin’ the rest would come easy when Matt McHale was hooked. “You patched up your quarrel with McHale,” he ham- mered on. “You had ’im primed to sell—usin’ Lombard for your dummy in the deal—and all at once he kicked over the traces. He turned bull-headed, and you could see your speculation goin’ up in smoke, all your fine plans wasted. “It must have galled you, Mr. Irish—a brainy man like you bein’ blocked by sheer mulishness. It got your dander up, I guess, to see a man you despised as no more’n a peg- legged fire-snorter robbin’ easy profits from your jeans. You begun to puzzle what might be done if he was pushed out of the way. “All the time, of course, you stayed real friendly with ’im. You talked his plans and problems over like a brother. He explained his scheme for controllin’ the free range by hirin’ his own men to file homestead claims on the key sections—Duke Costello’s old idea—and when he came to draw on you for the money he’d need to swing that proposition, you saw you’d have to stop ’im the hard way. You stalled ’im for a week, claimin’ you hadn’t the money on hand, and meantime you hatched his murder with Vic Barth.” Cass paused, breathing deep. Frank Irish stared straight at him, his lips locked against hasty words. The scoffing answers, the sharp retorts must have been racing through his brain, but he restrained his parries. He was sensing the temper of the room, weighing the hush that surrounded him, estimating the emotions he read in the faces. If he could create a doubt in them, if he could shift the issue to a court of proof. ... 4iT)ARTH carried out his job,” Cass said. “Axton’s buzzards slickered their end of it. And you done your share, Mr. Irish. When we can dig into the vaults of your bank we’ll likely be able to find how much of McHale’s money you got away with. “Wasn’t you the good friend who advised on his invest- ments? Where would he keep his bonds and valuables except in one of your strong-boxes? Why would you lend ’im ten thousand dollars on a note of hand except that you a’ready held his securities of many times that value? I can almost hear you, Mr. Irish, convincin’ ’im that it would be quicker to borrow the money than to sell off any stocks he had. “I can just about see you, once he was dead, lootin’ his property you held in charge. You took his good securities and left only worthless paper and debts. You destroyed his new will, which showed ’im a wealthy man, and left a six- year-old one which proved nothin’. “And that’s my picture, Mr. Irish,” he continued. “That’s why I point you the Number Eight. It wasn’t any great task, I suppose, for a man in your high place, but again I give yoji credit for your weasel ways. You used McHale’s known squabbles, the enemies he had, to cloud the truth behind his murder. “Your rustlers rode under cover of Ollie Shand’s reputa- tion. It gave you pleasure to badger Abel Bannister into formin’ his vigilantes. You took your good advantage of Burdette and Eli Lombard, too. “Burdette counted you a wise man, a big important man, and it wasn’t too hard to flatter or steer ’im as you chose. All Lombard wanted was quick, sure profits. You could wangle him into any of your land or money deals, usin’ his name to hide your own, and he’d be none the wiser.” Cass shook his head slightly. “Yessir,” he said, “I got to hand it to you. You had this town so buffaloed that you even could afford to rub it in. You told your views to any who’d listen, and mostly they were true. You grabbed quick at any chance that offered to pull more wool over Triangle’s eyes. “That stunt of yours, blockin’ Vic Barth from me when I stood drunk in the Happy Hour—folks liked the looks of that. I reckon they admired, too, the sound of the sentence you just passed on your own men standin’ there. A long rope and a short prayer—do you still stick by that, Mr. Irish?”64 ARGOSY TTHE little banker did not speak. He said not a word to defend or betray himself. His confession was in- voluntary, a surge of emotion that his will could not deny. He sat stiffly posed, his poker-face and shining eyes con- fronting Cass Gentry, and a corner of his mouth lifted in his familiar monkey’s grin. And suddenly all his features were contorted in a wry spasm. Wrinkles of rage ridged his forehead, pinched his eyes, carved fury between his brows. His lips twitched in a red-gummed snarl that was sheer malevolence. “Damn you, Frank,” Abel Bannister said thickly. His fist smashed into the banker’s face, knocking him back with his chair. There were twenty hands to grab him, to jerk him up. He found his voice then, screaming out in terror. “No,” he shrilled. “For God’s sake, men—Abe—Eli—you can’t—” A fierce hand hushed him, clamping his mouth. Arms subdued his struggles. “Is there any doubt, boys?” Bannister called. He stood to face the crowding men, the jury that shouted grim verdict in half a hundred voices. None of them had a doubt. “He named his own judgment,” Bannister cried. His arm lifted high and his finger pointed the gallows death among the rafters. . . . Cass Gentry pushed through the milling figures. The slump of letdown made him suddenly weak now. The sights and sounds that would roll the Wheel of Fortune thereafter —no, he had smelled enough death tonight. The guards had quitted their posts at the outer doors, and staring townsmen packed the entrance. Cass bulled a passage, edged through the overflow that jammed the walk. Dawn was graying the sky and the wind was fresh upon his cheek. As he reached the outer fringe he heard his name: “Cass! Cass—” She called from the opposite walk, Mary Ellen. She was stepping into the street, raising her hand in salute, and Cass ran with a muddy splash. She came to meet him, speaking his name softly again, and there was no thought of where they stood or how many eyes might turn to see them. She was strong in his embrace. They would not re- member the words they said, but what their lips and their clinging arms said was a memory never to be forgotten. • THE sun rose in golden fire behind the hills, it rode the clear curved sky, and it vanished at the end of day in red-streaked glory. The dusk spread peace over Triangle Town. “Did it all happen, Cass?” Mary Ellen said. “Was it realtor was it a crazy dream I had?” “The craziness is done,” he said. “You—the town—in a little while you’ll be back to things as they used to be.” “What’s wrong, Cass? What’s the matter?” “I’m all right. I—well, I may be a little sleepy.” “I talked to Henry Gaunt this afternoon,” she said. “He was Dr. Farabaugh’s best friend—his only friend, I guess. Mr. Gaunt doesn’t know the full story himself, but he thinks that Ada must have been insane. She blamed the doctor for the injury that crippled her—he struck her, Mr. Gaunt thinks, and she fell down the stairs—and she kept to her chair and her loneliness out of spite. She made mock attempts at suicide, did everything to make him miserable.” Cass shook his head. “I never suspicioned; I’d sworn that shot in the stable was aimed for me. There was one slip of the tongue Farabaugh made, drivin’ me to town, but I plumb forgot it later. He—well, I even admired ’im.” “I haven’t told anyone else,” she said, “that he was a scout for Milo Shand. There was a bankbook in his pocket, Henry Gaunt said, that listed several thousand dollars in deposits. It was issued in another name on a bank in an- other state.” “His share of the rustlin’ rakeoff.” Cass nodded. “Ridnv the roads as he did, pokin’ around through the country, I expect he was in good position to know where the cattle bunched and how close the watch was.” “What’s wrong with you?” she said again. “What makes you sound so moody?” “Not a thing. ... I hear Martin Burdette stopped by to see you this afternoon.” “Oh—” She smiled faintly. “Why, yes, he did. He offered his legal services to the Rocker. He said the final check of Frank Irish’s private papers at the bank hadn’t been completed, but that a considerable amount of money was certain to be recovered. I also had an offer to sell the Rocker today. Mr. Talbot said he would take it off my hands at a fair settlement.” “Yeah,” Cass muttered. “They say he made offers to the Pothook and three-four others. It’s a break for those outfits. Most of ’em owed money to Irish, and he’d been able to buy ’em out for a song if last night’s ambush went off on schedule.” “I turned down Talbot’s offer, Cass,” she said “So did the others. We had a meeting while you were still asleep and discussed a number of things. There’s a plan on foot to run the Valleys outfits as a pool proposition. “There’s no reason why we can’t make money here if the Inter-Islands people could. It’s a matter of changing over the old methods, of breeding up the stock, of better marketing. I told the committee you’d talk it over with them tomorrow.” “Me?” he said. “What’s it got to do with me?” “We’ll need a man to pull things together, Cass. There’s got to be a boss of the layout—” “No,” ne said gruffly. “It’s no use in that. I—you know what I am. Your business will straighten around without need of me. When the gunsmoke settles”—he looked at her—“Cass Gentry blows away.” “But not this time,” she said. “Never again, Cass. I won’t let you blow away.” “But you know how I am. I never had roots. I like the smell of trouble. I’m not the easy kind of man.” “I know you’re not. You’d be as bull-strong and mettle- some as Matthew McHale ever was—if I let you be. But that’s what love is for, Cass, to bring people together. We’ll share the problems and the fights as they come, and the two of us will lick them.” “But hell—” he said. “You got—well, I can’t even give you a name. You know where Cass Gentry come from— from a book I stole. I don’t know who I am.” “And does that make any difference, Cass?” she said. “It doesn’t matter who or what you were yesterday or last week or last year. Right now you’re the man I love. I’m proud of Cass Gentry’s name for what it means today, and -I’ll be prouder of what we’re going to make it mean to- morrow.” She was smiling, and her eyes were so bright that an answering brightness blurred Cass Gentry’s sight. She leaned into the curve of his arm, lifting her lips, and Cass, knew that as long as he had her wisdom to keep him steady, and her love to hold tight with both fists, that his road would be straight-lined with happiness. Mrs. Cass Gentry. ... It had a sound to it, at that. It had a pretty ring to it. THE ENDA COUPLE of weeks ago we were saying how curious it is that people like to read stories about their own vocations. Cowboys reading Westerns, pilots reading air stories, and so on. Since then we’ve heard some interesting things about what the drafted men are reading. Well, one of our spies—One of your favorite authors, in fact—had a long chat with a draft-camp librarian and discovered that the most popular books in the Army training camps are the personal-experience stories of the last war. Ed Streeter’s “Dere Mabel”, and the stories of Arthur Guy Empey and Captain Thomason—this is the sort of thing the boys are asking for and enjoying. We’re not sure whether this is surprising or not, but we think it is. At any rate, it is further evidence that people like to meet their own lives in print. After a day of trumpets and salutes, of marching and practice with the guns, the drafted men settle down with books that resound with trumpets and sharp commands. Per- haps these soldiers who are at peace want to know how their predecessors lived in war; or perhaps they simply enjoy watching someone else perform the military routine that they have just completed for the day. We don’t know, but it is all very interesting. We have this week a scorecard from a correspondent whose name ' should be familiar to all of you. He has listed his favorite stories of 1940, classifying and grading them. Here they are. W. WALLACE LLEWELLYN My list of the best stories in Argosy in 1940, with grade ratings: Adventure: 1.	Loot Lies Deep Eustace L. Adams A 2.	They Shall Have Wings Theodore Roscoe A 3.	Fools Fly High Louis C. Goldsmith A— Western: 1.	Bugles Are for Soldiers Charles Marquis Warren A 2.	Brothers of the Gun Walt Coburn B+ 3. Guns on Fire Jack Byrne B Humor: 1.	Crook’s Tour Richard H. Watkins A+ 2.	Miracle on Main Street Robert Arthur A 3.	The Man with the Marble Leg John D. Phelps B+ Sport: 1.	Appointment in October Charles Marquis Warren A 2.	Marching as to War Eustace Cockrell A— 3.	Haymaker Carl Rathjen B+ Fantastic: 1.	Foosteps Invisible Robert Arthur A+ 2.	He Didn’t Want Soup Paul Ernst A+ 3.	Miracle on Main Street Robert Arthur A Historical: 1.	The Harp and the Blade John Myers Myers A 2.	Flight of the Guns , Roy de S. Horn B4 3.	Archers to the Front Roy de S. Horn B4- Unusual: 1.	Demon of the Sand Garnett Radcliffe A+ 2.	Dr. Kildare Goes Home Max Brand A 3.	White Lamb Sahib Garnett Radcliffe B+ Detective: 1.	Then I’ll Remember Charles Marquis Warren A 2.	AH at Once, No Alice Cornell Woolrich B+ 3.	Gateway to Oblivion ,	Donald Barr Chidsey B I just iead of the death of one of Argosy’s greatest authors, Fred Maclsaac. It makes me feel rather sad, as I can remember that some of Argosy’s best stories were writ- ten by him. I don’t think I will ever forget his “The Wild Man of Cape Cod”. . I	do have to admit that you are doing a first-rate job of bringing back old authors and bringing in new ones that can really write. Such as H. Bedford-Jones, Bloch- man, Gluck, etc., for old authors. And Warren, Myers, Byrne, etc., for the new ones. San Jose, Calif. GUNPLAY has been getting us into a lot of trouble lately. Here is another letter from a firearms ex- pert ; he does not specify what stories he found mistakes in, but it is quite obvious that he found them. Possibly the only solution is to establish a shooting range for our authors. Mem- bers of the editorial staff wilf be ex- pected to volunteer as targets. They’ll be safe enough. Anyway, our thanks to: ROBERT P. CRAWFORD I have been reading this maga- zine for many years and I have never found another that gave me so many real stories and so much entertainment. I believe it to be the best magazine of Jhis kind pub- blished today./ Relying on your good judgment, I am voicing a criticism which I hope you will take in the spirit I make it. “Faithful are the wounds of a friend but deceitful are the kisses of an enemy.” I	think you should have a school for authors in the writing of inci- dents in which gunplay is involved. First: Every soldier knows that the speed of a bullet is about six times that of sound. Every author tells about some adventurer hear- ing the report of a gun and the howl of the bullet later. This could not happen. From my experience as a marker in a rifle butt on a mili- tary range I know that no report is heard at the target until after the bullet arrives. Ask any real expert. Second: Any one hit by a forty- five caliber or thirty-eight caliber bullet is slapped down so hard that he sees stars. Ask any surviver of a gun fight. Third: Bullets, especially from high-caliber guns, do not break window glass. They merely punch a hole almost the exact size of the bullet. Get an old window sash with the glass intact and take your fav- orite gun out in the alley and see how many of the bullets it will take to break out all the glass. You will find plenty of holes but very few of66 them with radial cracks around them. Fourth: The old wheeze about the hero’s gun being out of commis- sion when dropped in the water is another big laugh to *he man who knows. This would only have been true back in the Seventies when cap-and-ball guns were used. I have fired forty-five caliber rifle shells that were broiight up from the wreck of the battleship Maine, ten years after she sank in Havana har- bor. Fifth: In a description of an in- cident your author solemnly avers that his hero killed a man at five hundred yards with a muzzle-load- ing rifle. In the first place he would have to be equipped with an old- fashioned step-ladder rear sight to give him at least an inch and a half elevation in the rear sight before his muzzle would be raised at the right angle to pitch the bullet that far. Further he could not have “seen” his target. Five-hundred-yard “bull’s-eyes” are six feet across. Sixth: The way your authors misuse the old forty-five Colt is ter- rible. In your magazine and in the movies, too, we see the desperate hero with his empty Colt using the butt to lay out his enemies and to break down the closed door. Exam- ine one of those weapons: take off the handles and look. You will see a comparatively thin strap of steel that holds them to the gun. One blow with the butt would disable the weapon entirely. The real Westerner who was raised in the Seventies and Eight- ies, kept his grip on the handle of ARGOSY his empty gun and laid the old girl, all three pounds of her, across the brow of his enemy or punched him with the muzzle. One punch with the muzzle of a Colt will snap a rib or fracture a skull. When the Western sheriff went through a door he merely paused to shoot the lock off. Then he walked in. Try it the next time you find you have left your door keys in the car. Your wife might not like it but the door will be open. I	want to apologize for griping so much, but in the interest of good period literature I hope you will forgive me. I am not writing to get my name in your magazine, it is merely because I like you. Shreve, Ohio. OUR next correspondent is a sea- faring man. It is clear from his letter that the chief discomfort of a voyage is the impossibility of keeping up with the Argosy serials. E. FABIAN First let me state I have been reading Argosy ever since it came out, or very close to it. It is so far back, I can’t remember. I was only a young fellow when I started read- ing it and I am S3 years young now. Noted in the Argonotes of June 22nd, 1940 where a William A. Harty has been reading Argosy for thirty years, and believe I can top him by far. Remember one story in Argosy long time ago called “The Return of George Washington”. Mr. Tut- tle’s stories of Henry and his trou- bles in Tonto Town, Zagat’s stories of Dikar and the Bunch, and Capt. Hornblower by Forester, Dr. Kil- dare by Max Brand, “The Sun Sets at 5”, “$1,000 Every Thursday”, and others, too numerous to men- tion—all of these were good stories. As for the stories, “Minions of the Moon”, “Mars”, etc., I can’t say as I care for them very much, al- though I read all of them. The writer, I will say, has some imagi- nation. As I am a seafaring man, I get behind in my serials, due to the fact that it is impossible to get an Argosy for a week or two weeks back, after the new issue is out. I have asked a number of dealers about it and they claim that they have to turn in the old copies, and very seldom keep a back number. So at times I have to wait three or four months before the copy I am behind in shows up at some sec- ond-hand book store. This throws me back in the serial. Right now I am seven months behind, but have back numbers now and will catch up again soon. On this run, between San Fran- cisco, Puget Sound Ports, Colum- bia River, and then to the Hawai- ian Islands and back to San Fran- cisco, I do not get very far behind. But when the ship was on the Ha- waiian Island-East Coast run, which takes twenty-eight days, I was al- ways far behind in my serials. On present run, I am not out more than nine or ten days. I	like the Argosy, and enjoy all the stories, and will continue to read it. Give us some more Dikar stor- ies, and others mentioned above. San Francisco, Calif. DESTROYER! By Steve Fisher Beginning in the April 12 Argosy March 2ft—ArgosyPRICE SMASHING SA LE! UNDERWOOD NOISELESS Only 60c a Week Special Price While 87 Last! POSITIVELY Mfrs. Orig. Selling Price *125— LOWEST EVER OFFERED Truly the most out- standing offer I have given my customers in years! Only because of an exceptional purchase can I sell these rebuilt Underwood ma- chines at the sensational low price of $31.85 (cash) or on easy terms of 60c a week. Each one carefully gone over and refinished so it looks like a brand new machine costing over three times as much. The mfrs. orig. selling price on this machine was $125.00. It’s sent to you in Underwood packing box with Underwood book of instruc- tions on care and operation. A NOISELESS MACHINE! Latest achievement in typewriters! Pro- vides writing perfection with SILENCE. A machine for those who want the advan- tages of a quiet home or office. This Under- wood’s Noiseless mechanism eliminates the nerve shattering clatter common to many models. An aid to better work because it allows clear thinking, reduces fatigue, im- proves accuracy. This typewriter disturbs no one, for it is almost impossible to hear it operate a few feet away. You get all features of an Underwood PLUS Noiseless typing. FIRST CHOICE OF TYPISTS OVER 5,000,000 UNDERWOODS NOW IN USE! Recognized as the finest, strongest built! Here is an office size Underwood with late modern features that give you SILENT TYPING. Has all standard equip- ment—keyboard, 2 colors, back spacer, automatic reverse, tabulator, etc. THERE IS NO RISK! SEE BEFORE YOU BUY ON MY 10 DAY NO OBLIGA- TION TRIAL PLAN. If you wish, send the machine back at my expense. INTERNATIONAL TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE 231 W. Monroe St. Dept. 436 Chicago III. EXTRA VALUE! ROLL-A-WAY SECRETARIAL TYPEWRITER STAND NO MONEY DOWN 10 DAY TRIAL Easy Terms-9c A DAY No obligation. See before you buy on wide open 10 day trial. Pay no money until you test, in- spect, compare, and use this Underwood Noise- less. Judge for yourself without hurry and without risk. When you are convinced that this is the biggest typewriter bargain you have ever seen, then say, “I’ll Buy.” Send only 60c a week or $2.50 a month until term price of only $35.85 is paid. Try it first, enjoy a full 10 days’ steady use. THERE IS NO RED TAPE OR INVESTIGATION—MY OFFER IS EXACTLY AS I STATE IT. 2-YEAR GUARANTEE I back this machine with my personal 2-yr. guarantee that it is in A-l condition in every respect—that it will give first class service. Over 30 years of fair dealing and my 200,000 satisfied customers prove the soundness of my golden rule policy and prove that dealing direct with me saves you money. Complete Course in Touch Typing A complete home study course of fa- mous Van Zandt Touch Typing system. Learn to type quickly and easily. Carefully illustrated. Written expressly for home use. MAIL COUPON NOW • bwtited. Quantity an Sate,! For those who have no typewriter stand or handy place to use a machine, I make this spe- cial offer. This attractive stand that ordinarily sells for $4.85 can be yours for only $2.00 extra added to your account. Quality built. Note all its convenient features. (SEE COUPON) INTERNATIONAL TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE, Dept. 436, 231 W. Monroe St., Chicago, III. Send Underwood Noiseless (F. O. B. Chicago) for ten days’ trial. If I keep it, I will pay $2.50 per month until easy term price ($35.85) is paid. If I am not satisfied I can return it express collect. ^ I J N Typewritten signatures not acceptable. □ City ............................................... state ..... CAUTION—FOR QUICK SHIPMENT GIVE OCCUPATION AND REFERENCE	wood. Check for • typewritei N S stand ($2.00 ex- I tra). Stand sent I on receipt of first | payment on Under. |YOUR ENTIRE FAMILY IS INSURED UP TO: Maximum—For Auto Accidental Death Maximum—For Travel Accidental Death The policy is not cancelled by the death of one of the insured members. The benefits are paid and the policy remains in force on the balance of the insured group as long as premiums are paid. Monthly premiums are divided equally between the number insured and benefits are graded according to tbe attained ages of members insured. 10 DAY FREE OFFER • Mail Coupon! Send No Money TOTAL COST Only s|00 A MONTH FOR ALL! The Murray Family, 4712 Leamington Ave., Chicago, 111. Baby-Children-Parents-Grandparents j^TAGES 1 TO 75... at Same Cost! This wonderful Family Group policy now gives your whole family safe, reliable insurance, paying benefits for natural death, double amount for auto accidental death, and triple benefits for travel accidental death. One policy, one premium insures all your loved ones—baby to grandparents—all for only $1.00 per month! no mEDicni ExnmmnTion We have thousands of satisfied policyholders all over the country, many of whom could not afford to pay big prices. Now YOUR ENTIRE FAMILY can enjoy real life insurance protection. No agent will call. No medical examination, no in- vestigation, no red tape. This remarkable Triple Indemnity policy sold by mail on Bankers Life and Casualty Company’s ironclad guarantee. You take no risk. SEnonomonEv Remember, you do not send one cent with coupon—just your name and address, and we send you our 10 Day Free offer and full details. Be sure to write today. Don’t put this off. Just mail coupon. No obligation. no agent WILL CALL	^BANKER^UF^VND CASUALTY CO. | Send COUpOn quick	| Bankers Insurance Bldg., Jefferson Sta., Desk 133,Chicago. III. ^ fnr full rl^tnih nnrl	I Please send details and tell me how to get the Family | i a a^taiISl?n(3	- Group Policy for free inspection. No Agent Will Call. _ our 10 Day free	I offer. No obligation	I Name..............................................I or single penny ex-	■	■ pense to you. Act	I Strut <n r.F.d,............;.........................| /today for this new	■	■ low cost family group policy. BanJzebl Jlife and GaAMalhf, Qompxwuf OFFERS THE NEW Fnmnv croup policy THAT Insures Entire Familu