326 WEIRD TALES    goal. The hush seemed to confirm it. He loosened the force-gun at his thigh.  In that changeless twilight the ground was sloping down once more into a broader hollow. He descended slowly, every sense alert for danger, not knowing if Thag was beast or human or elemental, visible or invisible. The trees were begin- ning to thin. He knew that he had almost reached his goal.  He paused at the edge of the last line of trees. A clearing spread out before him at the bottom of the hollow, quiet in the dim, translucent air. He could focus directly upon no outlines anywhere, for the tapestried blurring of the place. But when he saw what stood in the very cen- ter of the clearing he stopped dead-still, like one turned to stone, and a shock of utter cold went chilling through him. Yet he could not have said why.  For in the clearing's center stood the Tree of Life. He had met the symbol too often in patterns and designs not to rec- ognize it, but here that fabulous thing was living, growing, actually springing up from a rooted firmness in the spangled grass as any tree might spring. Yet it could not be real. Its thin brown trunk, of no recognizable substance, smooth and gleaming, mounted in the traditional spiral; its twelve fantastically curving branches arched delicately outward from the central stem. It was bare of leaves. No foliage masked the serpentine brown spiral of the trunk. But at the tip of each symbolic branch flowered a blossom of bloody rose so vivid he could scarcely fo- cus his dazzled eyes upon them.  This tree alone of all objects in the dim land was sharply distinct to the eye-- terribly distinct, remorselessly clear. No words can describe the amazing menace that dwelt among its branches. Smith's flesh crept as he stared, yet he could not for all his staring make out why peril was so eloquent there. To all appearances here      stood only a fabulous symbol miraculous- ly come to life; yet danger breathed out from it so strongly that Smith felt the hair lifting on his neck as he stared.   IT WAS no ordinary danger. A nameless, choking, paralyzed panic was swell- ing in his throat as he gazed upon the perilous beauty of the Tree. Somehow the arches and curves of its branches seemed to limn a pattern so dreadful that his heart beat faster as he gazed upon it. But he could not guess why, though some- how the answer was hovering just out of reach of his conscious mind. From that first glimpse of it his instincts shuddered like a shying stallion, yet reason still looked in vain for an answer.  Nor was the Tree merely a vegetable growth. It was alive, terribly, ominously alive. He could not have said how he knew that, for it stood motionless in its empty clearing, not a branch trembling, yet in its immobility more awfully vital than any animate thing. The very sight of it woke in Smith an insane urging to flight, to put worlds between himself and this inexplicably dreadful thing.  Crazy impulses stirred in his brain, coming to insane birth at the calling of the Tree's peril--the desperate need to shut out the sight of that thing that was blasphemy, to put out his own sight rather than gaze longer upon the perilous grace of its branches, to slit his own throat that he might not need to dwell in the same world which housed so frightful a sight as the Tree.  All this was a mad battering in his brain. The strength of him was enough to isolate it in a far corner of his con- sciousness, where it seethed and shrieked half heeded while he turned the cool con- trol which the space ways life had taught him to the solution of this urgent ques- tion. But even so his hand was moist