290 WEIRD TALES    He was happier than I had ever seen him. He had never been abroad before, and the boat was a source of wonder and enjoyment to him.  I myself was full of an eager antici- pation of happy months to come. It hardly seemed possible that only a week had elapsed since I received the cable that had made such a change in my fortunes:  Your father died yesterday. You are sole heir, provided you comply with conditions of his will, the principal one being that you spend six months of each year at Rougemont. If satisfac- tory, come at once. It was signed by my father's lawyer.  I had no sorrow over my father's passing, except a deep regret that we could not have known the true relation- ship of father and son. At the death of my mother, my father had grown bitter and refused to see the innocent cause of her untimely passing. As a baby I had been brought up in the lodge of Rouge- mont, my father's magnificent château near Vichy. When I reached the age of four, I had been sent away to boarding- school. After that, my life had been a succession of schools; first in France, the adopted land of my father, then England, and finally St. Paul's in America.  In all justice to my parent, I must admit he gave me every advantage except the affection I would have cherished. By his own wish, I had never seen him in life; nor would I see him in death, for a later cable advised me that the funeral was over and his body already at rest in the beautiful Gothic mausoleum he had had built in his lifetime, after the man- ner of the ancients.  He had left me everything with only two injunctions, that a certain sum of money be set aside to keep the château always in its present condition and that I should spend at least half my time in it, and my children after me--a condi-      tion I was only too pleased to accept. All my life I had longed for a home.  I cabled at once that I would sail. A return cable brought me the news that I had unlimited funds to draw upon. It was then that I urged Wrexler to come with me.   WREXLER and I had been friends since the day when two lonely boys had been put by chance into the same room at school. We were so utterly un- like, it was perhaps the difference be- tween us that held us together through the years. At St. Paul's, and later at Princeton, Gordon Wrexler had always been at the head of his class, whereas I inevitably tagged along at the bottom. The contrast between us was expressed not only in the color of our hair and eyes, but also in our dispositions. My greatest gift from fate was a sense of humor, and I suppose it was this quality of mine that particularly appealed to Wrexler. It seems as though I was the only one who could lift him out of the despondency into which he often plunged. As the years passed, and his tendency to depression intensified, he came to depend more and more upon me, and we grew closer together.  Strangely enough, the whiteness of his face and the gloom that exuded from him did not detract from his good looks. It only added to them. For the translu- cence of his skin made the thick, black hair that lay close to his head all the darker, while at the same time it brought out the deep black of his eyes, and the firm cut of his lips.  The night before we landed, we were standing on deck, at the rail, looking over the side straining our eyes for the first glimpse of the lights of Cherbourg, and Wrexler spoke of himself for the first time since we had left New York.  "You know, Jim, for perhaps the only