THE GREAT KEINPLATZ EXPERIMENT 367    was popular among the students, who would gather round him after his lec- tures and listen eagerly to his strange theories. Often he would call for volun- teers from among them in order to con- duct some experiment, so that eventually there was hardly a lad in the class who had not, at one time or another, been thrown into a mesmeric trance by his professor.  Of all these young devotees of science there was none who equaled in enthusi- asm Fritz von Hartmann. It had often seemed strange to his fellow students that wild, reckless Fritz, as dashing a young fellow as ever hailed from the Rhine- lands, should devote the time and trouble which he did in reading up abstruse works and in assisting the professor in his strange experiments. The fact was, however, that Fritz was a knowing and long-headed fellow. Months before, he had lost his heart to young Elise, the blue-eyed, yellow-haired daughter of the lecturer. Although he had succeeded in learning from her lips that she was not indifferent to his suit, he had never dared to announce himself to her family as a formal suitor. Hence he would have found it a difficult matter to see his young lady had he not adopted the expedient of making himself useful to the profes- sor. By this means he frequently was asked to the old man's house, where he willingly submitted to be experimented upon in any way as long as there was a chance of his receiving one bright glance from the eyes of Elise or one touch of her little hand.  Young Fritz von Hartmann was a handsome lad enough. There were broad acres, too, which would descend to him when his father died. To many he would have seemed an eligible suitor; but Madam frowned upon his presence in the house, and lectured the professor at times on his allowing such a wolf to      prowl around their lamb. To tell the truth, Fritz had an evil name in Kein- platz. Never was there a riot or duel, or any other mischief afoot, but the young Rhinelander figured as a ring- leader in it. No one used more free and violent language, no one drank more, no one played cards more habitual- ly, no one was more idle, save in the one solitary subject. No wonder, then, that the good Frau Professorin gathered her fraulein under her wing, and resented the attentions of such a mauvais sujet. As to the worthy lecturer, he was too much engrossed by his strange studies to form an opinion upon the subject one way or the other.   FOR many years there was one ques- tion which had continually obtruded itself upon his thoughts. All his experi- ments and his theories turned upon a single point. A hundred times a day the professor asked himself whether it was possible for the human spirit to exist apart from the body for a time and then to return to it once again. When the possibility first suggested itself to him his scientific mind had revolted from it. It clashed too violently with preconceived ideas and the prejudices of his early training. Gradually, however, as he pro- ceeded farther and farther along the pathway of original research, his mind shook off its old fetters and became ready to face any conclusion which could reconcile the facts. There were many things which made him believe that it was possible for mind to exist apart from matter. At last it occurred to him that by a daring and original experiment the question might be definitely decided.  "It is evident," he remarked in his celebrated article upon invisible entities, which appeared in the Keinplatz Wochenliche Medicalschrift about this time, and which surprized the whole