262 WEIRD TALES    Furiously Cliff strugged against the maddening restraint of paralysis. He couldn't lie here helpless! Vilma needed him! He'd--he'd have to do something. Wiht an effort that studded his forehead with rounded drops of sweat and sent the blood throbbing through the distended veins of his neck, he sought to move. And like a cord snapping, his invisible bonds fell from him.  He was crouching over Vilma, rubbing her wrists, calling to her, when again he heard the silver horn of Corio. A low droning utterly unlike the note that had awakened the galley's crew, it drifted languidly along a channel of endless sleep. It seeped through the ear-drums, touching every nerve-tip with resistless lassitude. Doggedly Cliff fought against the sound, pressing his hands over his ears, gritting his teeth, holding his eye- lids wide. Yet he felt his muscles weaken, began to relax, knew dimly that his mind, sodden with drowsiness, was creeping to- ward the pits of slumber--and the vi- brant drone ended!   HIS head cleared rapidly, and he bent over Vilma. As he touched a limp arm, he knew she had passed from paraly- sis into a deep, quiet sleep. He shook her. It was useless. He listened, heard her steady breathing; and at that instant real- ized that the noises from the yacht had ceased.  Rising, he strode toward the square of chalky moonlight. A foot away he halted, fell back. He had heard a faint footfall, had seen an armor-clad figure climbing over the rail! With silent haste he flung himself down beside Vilma.  And there he lay while the crew of the galley carried his friends from the Ariel, all slumped in that unnatural sleep, and stretched them out on the floor of the black cabin. Unmoving, he watched through narrow lids till all save Corio      had been carried aboard, and the drowned things had gone back to their places in the rowers' pits. Again the hollow voice of the drum began throbbing through the silence, and the oars creaked a faint ac- companiment. He could feel the galley cleaving the oily sea.  On his feet, he peered through the doorway. The backs of the rowers rose and fell with stiff, mechanical rhythm. Beyond the galley's stem came the yacht, slinking along like a thief, only one dim light showing, her Diesel engines purring almost soundlessly.  He turned and bent over Vilma, still in thrall to that strange deep slumber. As he traced the delicate outlines of her lovely face, now so lifeless and pale, bit- ter wrath flared within him, wrath and hatred for Leon Corio. But as he thought of the ghastly undead things out there in the galley pit, thought of this water- soaked anachronism which had no right to be afloat, his skin crisped with a sense of foreboding, a fear of what was yet to come. He must do something!  Stepping over the still forms of his friends, he moved to the forward wall where a beam of radiance crept fearfully through a gap between two boards. His hands touched the hull--and he jerked them away. Rotten, clammy, like a de- cayed corpse, partly frozen. Crouching, he peered through.  Far ahead, a blotch of evil blackness squatted on the horizon, an island crouch- ing low like a black beast ready to spring. Around it the moonlight seemed to dim, as though it were striving to hide some nameless horror. Interminably Cliff watched while the shadowed mass drew closer . . . closer. . . .  They were headed for a towering wall of black basalt; and as the galley neared it, Cliff saw that it bore striking resem- blance to a gigantic human skull, its rounded surface broken by caves that the