286 WEIRD TALES    his father, the old priests, and the statue itself; all insane entities in a world of chaos.  "That means only one thing. I must hypnotize myself by gazing at the god; hypnotize myself until my soul enters its body and opens the way beyond."   Peter's blood was frozen ice in his veins.  "It's not so bizarre a conception at that. The yogis believe that in their trances they incarnate themselves with the godhead; the self-hypnotic state is a religious manifestation among all races. And mesmerism is a scientific truth; a truth known and practised thousands of years before psychology was postulated as an organized study. These priests evi- dently knew the principle. So that is what I must do--hypnotize myself so that my soul or consciousness enters the image. Then I shall be able to open the tomb behind."  "But the curse!" Peter muttered, find- ing his voice at last. "You know what it says about a curse on unbelievers-- something about Lord Anubis being a guardian as well as an Opener of the Way. What about that?"  "Sheer humbug!" Sir Ronald's tone was fanatically firm. "That was merely inserted to frighten off tomb-looters. At any rate, I must risk it. All you need do is wait. Once I pass into a trance, the statue will move, and the passage be- yond will be disclosed. Enter it, immedi- ately. Then give my body a good shake to break the coma, and I'll be all right again."   THERE was in his father's words an authority which could not be denied. So Peter held the lantern aloft and al- lowed its beams to play over the face of Anubis. He stood in silence while his father focussed his gaze upon the jackal eyes--those stony, staring eyes that had      so disturbed them with hints of a secret life.  It was a terrible tableau; the two men, the twelve-foot god, confronting each other in a black vault beneath the earth.  Sir Ronald's lips moved in fragments of ancient Egyptian prayers. His eyes were fixed upon a nimbus of light that had settled about the canine forehead. Gradually his stare became glassy; nicta- tion ceased, and the pupils glowed with a peculiar nyctaloptic fire. The man's body sagged visibly, as if it were being vam- pirically drained of all life.  Then, to Peter's horror, a pallor over- spread his father's face, and he sank down silently upon the stone floor. But his eyes never left those of the idol. Peter's left arm, which held the lantern aloft, was seized with a spasmodic con- vulsion of utter fright. Minutes sped away in silence. Time has no meaning in a place of death.  Peter could not think. He had seen his father practise self-hypnosis before, with mirrors and lights; he knew it was perfectly harmless in the hands of a skilled adept. But this was different. Could he enter the body of an Egyptian god? And if he did--what of the curse? These two questions reverberated like tiny voices somewhere in his being, but they were engulfed by overpowering fear.  This fear rose to a mad crescendo as Peter saw the change occur. All at once his father's eyes flickered like dying fires, and consciousness went out. But the eyes of the god--the eyes of Anubis were no longer stone!  The cyclopean statue was alive!  His father had been right. He had done it--hypnotized his consciousness into the body of the idol. Peter gasped, as a sudden thought slithered into his brain. If his father's theory had been correct so far, then what about the rest?