THE SECRET OF KRALITZ 365    possess, and I learned, too, of the unbe- lievable manner in which Iod, the Source, is worshipped beyond the outer galaxies. I plumbed the blackest pits of hell and came back--laughing. I was one with the rest of those dark warders, and I joined them in the saturnalia of horror until the scarred man spoke to us again.  "Our time grows short," he said, his scarred and bearded white face like a gargoyle's in the half-light. "We must depart soon. But you are a true Kralitz, Franz, and we shall meet again, and feast again, and make merry for longer than you think. One last pledge!"  I gave it to him. "To the House of Kralitz! May it never fall!"  And with an exultant shout we drained the pungent dregs of the liquor.  Then a strange lassitude fell upon me. With the others I turned my back on the cavern and the shapes that pranced and bellowed and crawled there, and I went up through the carved stone portal. We filed up the stairs, up and up, endlessly, until at last we emerged through the gap- ing hole in the stone flags and proceed- ed, a dark, silent company, back through those interminable corridors. The sur- roundings began to grow strangely famil- iar, and suddenly I recognized them.  We were in the great burial vaults below the castle, where the Barons Kra- litz were ceremoniously entombed. Each Baron had been placed in his stone casket in his separate chamber, and each cham- ber lay, like beads on a necklace, adjacent to the next, so that we proceeded from the farthermost tombs of the early Barons Kralitz toward the unoccupied vaults. By immemorial custom, each tomb lay bare, an empty mausoleum, until the time had come for its use, when the great stone coffin, with the memorial inscription carved upon it, would be carried to its place. It was fitting, indeed, for the secret of Kralitz to be hidden here.     Abruptly I realized that I was alone, save for the bearded man with the dis- figuring scar. The others had vanished, and, deep in my thoughts, I had not missed them. My companion stretched out his black-swathed arm and halted my progress, and I turned to him question- ingly. He said in his sonorous voice, "I must leave you now. I must go back to my own place." And he pointed to the way whence we had come.  I nodded, for I had already recognized my companions for what they were. I knew that each Baron Kralitz had been laid in his tomb, only to arise as a mon- strous thing neither dead nor alive, to descend into the cavern below and take part in the evil saturnalia. I realized, too, that with the approach of dawn they had returned to their stone coffins, to lie in a death-like trance until the setting sun should bring brief liberation. My own occult studies had enabled me to recog- nize these dreadful manifestations.  I bowed to my companion and would have proceeded on my way to the upper parts of the castle, but he barred my path. He shook his head slowly, his scar hideous in the phosphorescent gloom.  I said, "May I not go yet?"  He stared at me with tortured, smol- dering eyes that had looked into hell it- self, and he pointed to what lay beside me, and in a flash of nightmare realiza- tion I knew the secret of the curse of Kra- litz. There came to me the knowledge that made my brain a frightful thing in which shapes of darkness would ever swirl and scream; the dreadful compre- hension of when each Baron Kralitz was initiated into the brotherhood of blood. I knew--I knew--that no coffin had ever been placed unoccupied in the tombs, and I read upon the stone sarcophagus at my feet the inscription that made my doom known to me--my own name, "Franz, twenty-first Baron Kralitz."