THE OPENER OF THE WAY 287    He had said that once inside the figure, his soul would direct it to open the way. But nothing was happening. What was wrong?  In panic, Peter bent down and exam- ined the body of his father. It was limp, cold, and lifeless. Sir Ronald was dead!  Unbidden, Peter remembered the parchment's cryptic warnings:  "Those who do not believe shall die. Pass Lord Anubis though they may, still he shall know and not permit of their return unto the world of men. For the eidolon of Anubis is strange indeed, and holds a secret soul."  A secret soul! Peter, terror throbbing in his temples, raised the lantern aloft and looked once more into the god's face. Again he saw that the stony, snarl- ing mask of Anubis held living eyes!  They glittered bestially, knowingly, evilly. And Peter, seeing them, went berserk. He did not--could not--think; all he knew was that his father was dead, and this statue had somehow killed him and come alive.  So Peter Barton suddenly rushed for- ward, screaming hoarsely, and began to beat upon the stone idol with futile fists. His bleeding, lacerated knuckles clawed at the cold legs, but Anubis did not stir. Yet his eyes still held their awful life.  The man cursed in sheer delirium, babbling in a tortured voice as he started to climb up to that mocking face. He must know what lay behind that gaze, see the thing and destroy its unnatural life. As he climbed, he sobbed his father's name in agony.  How long it took him to reach the top he never knew; the last minutes were merely a red blur of nightmare frenzy. When he recovered his senses he was clinging precariously to the statue's neck, his feet braced on the belly of the image. And he was still staring into those dread- ful living eyes.     But even as he gazed, the whole face was twisting into a sudden ghastly life; the lips drew back into a cavern of cackling mirth, and the fangs of Anubis were bared in terrible, avid lust.  The arms of the god crushed him in a stone embrace; the claw-like fingers tightened about his quivering, constricted throat; the gaping muzzle ravened as stone teeth sank jackal-like into his neck. Thus he met his doom--but it was a welcome doom after that final moment of revelation.   THE natives found Peter's bloodless body lying crushed and crumpled at the idol's feet; lying before the statue of Anubis like a sacrifice of olden days. His father was beside him, and he too was dead.  They did not linger there in the for- bidden, forgotten fastness of that ancient crypt, nor attempt to enter into the tomb behind. Instead, they reclosed the doors and returned home. There they said that the old and young effendi had killed themselves; and that is not surprizing. There were really no other indications for them to go by. The statue of Anubis stood once more serene in the shadows; still grimly guarding the secret vaults beyond, and there was no longer any hint of life in its eyes.  And so there is none who knows what Peter Barton knew just before he died; none to know that as Peter went down into death he stared upward and beheld the revelation which made that death a welcome deliverance.  For Peter learned what animated the body of the god; knew what lived within it in a dreadful, distorted way; knew what was being forced to kill him. Be- cause as he died he gazed at last into the living stone face of Anubis--the living stone face that held his father's tortured eyes.