THE GREAT KEINPLATZ EXPERIMENT 369   "And have you considered, my dear sir, that you may have some difficulty in finding someone on whom to try this? Potztausend! Suppose that the soul went out and would not come back. That would be a bad business. Who is to take the risk?"  "But, Fritz," the professor cried, very much startled by this view of the matter, "I had relied upon your assistance in the attempt. Surely you will not desert me. Consider the honor and glory."  "Consider the fiddlesticks!" the stu- dent cried angrily. "Am I to be paid always thus? Did I not stand two hours upon a glass insulator while you poured electricity into my body? Have you not stimulated my phrenic nerves, besides ruining my digestion with a galvanic cur- rent round my stomach? Four-and-thirty times you have mesmerized me, and what have I got from all this? Nothing. And now you wish to take my soul out, as you would take the works from a watch. It is more than flesh and blood can stand."  "Dear, dear!" the professor cried in great distress. "That is very true, Fritz. I never thought of it before. If you can but suggest how I can compensate you, you will find me ready and willing."  "Then listen," said Fritz, solemnly. "If you will pledge your word that after this experiment I may have the hand of your daughter, then I am willing to assist you; but if not, I shall have nothing to do with it. These are my only terms."  "And what would my daughter say to this?" the professor exclaimed, after a pause of astonishment.  "Elise would welcome it," the young man replied. "We have loved each other long."   "Then she shall be yours," the physi- ologist said with decision, "for you are a good-hearted young man, and one of the best neurotic subjects that I have ever      known--that is when you are not under the influence of alcohol. My experiment is to be performed upon the fourth of next month. You will attend at the physiological laboratory at twelve o'clock. It will be a great occasion, Fritz. Von Gruben is coming from Jena, and Hinter- stein from Basle. The chief men of science of all South Germany will be there."  "I shall be punctual," the student said, briefly; and so the two parted.   THE professor did not exaggerate when he spoke of the widespread interest excited by his novel psycho- physiological experiment. Long before the hour had arrived the room was filled with a galaxy of talent. Besides the celebrities whom he had mentioned, there had come from London the great Pro- fessor Lurcher, who had just established his reputation by a remarkable treatise upon cerebral centers. Several great lights of the Spiritualistic body had also come a long distance to be present, as had a Swedenborgian minister, who con- sidered that the proceedings might throw some light upon the doctrines of the Rosy Cross.  There was considerable applause from this eminent assembly upon the appear- ance of Professor von Baumgarten and his subject upon the platform. The lec- turer, in a few well-chosen words, ex- plained what his views were, and how he proposed to test them.  "I hold," he said, "that when a person is under the influence of mesmerism, his spirit is for the time released from his body, and I challenge anyone to put forward any other hypothesis which will account for the fact of clairvoyance. I therefore hope that upon mesmerizing my young friend here, and then putting myself into a trance, our spirits may be able to commune together, though our   W. T.--8