THE TREE OF LIFE 327    and shaking on his gun-butt, and the breath rasped in his dry throat.  Why--he asked himself in a deter- mined groping after steadiness--should the mere sight of a tree, even so fabulous a one as this, rouse that insane panic in the gazer? What peril could dwell in- visibly in a tree so frightful that the liv- ing horror of it could drive a man mad with the very fact of its unseen presence? He clenched his teeth hard and stared resolutely at that terrible beauty in the clearing, fighting down the sick panic that rose in his throat as his eyes forced themselves to dwell upon the Tree.  Gradually the revulsion subsided. Af- ter a nightmare of striving he mustered the strength to force it down far enough to allow reason's entry once more. Stern- ly holding down that frantic terror under the surface of consciousness, he stared resolutely at the Tree. And he knew that this was Thag.  It could be nothing else, for surely two such dreadful things could not dwell in one land. It must be Thag, and he could understand now the immemorial terror in which the tree-folk held it, but he did not yet grasp in what way it threatened them physically. The inexplicable dread- fulness of it was a menace to the mind's very existence, but surely a rooted tree, however terrible to look at, could wield little actual danger.  As he reasoned, his eyes were seeking restlessly among the branches, searching for the answer to their dreadfulness. After all, this thing wore the aspect of an old pattern, and in that pattern there was nothing dreadful. The tree of life had made up the design upon that well-top in Illar through whose shadow he had entered here, and nothing in that bronze grille-work had roused terror. Then why--? What living menace dwelt invisibly among these branches to twist them into curves of horror?     A fragment of old verse drifted through his mind as he stared in per- plexity:  What immortal hand or eye Could frame thy fearful symmetry?  And for the first time the true signifi- cance of a "fearful symmetry" broke upon him. Truly a more than human agency must have arched these subtle curves so delicately into dreadfulness, into such an awful beauty that the very sight of it made those atavistic terrors he was so sternly holding down leap in a gibber- ing terror.  A tremor rippled over the Tree. Smith froze rigid, staring with startled eyes. No breath of wind had stirred through the clearing, but the Tree was moving with a slow, serpentine grace, writhing its branches leisurely in a horrible travesty of voluptuous enjoyment. And upon their tips the blood-red flowers were spreading like cobra's hoods, swelling and stretching their petals out and glow- ing with a hue so eye-piercingly vivid that it transcended the bounds of color and blazed forth like pure light.  But it was not toward Smith that they stirred. They were arching out from the central trunk toward the far side of the clearing. After a moment Smith tore his eyes away from the indescribably dread- ful flexibility of those branches and looked to see the cause of their writhing.  A blaze of luminous white had ap- peared among the trees across the clear- ing. The priestess had returned. He watched her pacing slowly toward the Tree, walking with a precise and delicate grace as liquidly lovely as the motion of the Tree. Her fabulous hair swung down about her in a swaying robe that rippled at every step away from the moon-white beauty of her body. Straight toward the Tree she paced, and all the blossoms glowed more vividly at her nearness, the