284 WEIRD TALES    pressed as to hint at the enormity of all space beyond.  What devilish craft could produce such a baffling nightmare composite Peter could not say, and he did not like to imagine that the insane thing was the pattern of any human artist. He fancied that there was some sinister implication of allegorical significance about the door, that the heads, set on the background of that baffling body, were somehow sym- bolic of a secret horror which rules be- hind all human gods. But the more he looked, the more his mind became ab- sorbed in the intricate silvery maze of design. It was compelling, hypnotic; glimpsing it was like pondering upon the meaning of Life--pondering in that awful way that drives philosophers mad.  From this beguilement, Peter was roughly awakened by his father's voice. He had been very curt and abrupt all morning, but now his words were fraught with an unmistakable eagerness.  "It's the place all right--the door of the parchment! Now I know what Prinn must have meant in his chapter on the Saracenic rituals; the part where he spoke of the 'symbols on the gate'. We must photograph this after we finish. I hope we can move it later, if the natives don't object."  There was a hidden relish in his words which Peter disliked, and almost feared. He became suddenly aware of how little he really knew about his father and his secret studies of recent years; recalled re- luctantly certain guarded tomes he had glimpsed in the library at Cairo. And last night, his father had been out there with the bats, like some mad old priest. Did he really believe such nonsense? Or did he know it was the truth?  "Now!" The old man's voice was tri- umphant. "I have the knife. Stand back."  With fearful, fascinated eyes, Peter      saw his father insert the tip of the knife under the seventh head--that of Anubis. Steel grated on silver; then the latter gave. As the dog-like head slowly turned as though actuated by a hidden pivot, the door swung open with a brazen clangor that echoed and re-echoed through the musty depths beyond.  And musty those depths proved to be. A noxious acrid scent burst forth from its long imprisonment, a charnel fetor. It was not the natron or spice-laden miasma common to most tombs; rather it held the concentrated essence of death itself--mildewed bones, putrefied flesh, and crumbled dust.   ONCE the first strength of the gaseous vapor had abated, Sir Ronald im- mediately stepped inside. He was fol- lowed, though much less quickly, by his son. The thirty-and-three sloping steps along the corridor were traversed, as the manuscript had foretold. Then, lantern in hand, the old man was confronted by the enigmatic eidolon of Anubis.  After that first dismaying scrutiny, dur- ing which Peter had uneasily recalled these memories of preceding incidents, Sir Ronald interrupted his son's revery and spoke. He whispered there, before the giant statue of the god that seemed to frown down upon the puniness of men with baleful, conscious eyes. Some trick of the lantern-light seemed to change the contours of that stone coun- tenance; its chiseled grin was transformed into a gloating leer of mirthless menace. Yet the grim apprehension this aroused in Peter was soon overpowered by more acute fright when he heard his father's words.  "Listen, boy. I did not tell you all that the parchment revealed to me that night. You remember, there was a part I read only to myself. Well, I had rea- sons for not letting you know the rest