RED NAILS 349    satirically, swaying his broadsword as he spoke, and Olmec shrugged his shoulders and stepped onto the staircase. Conan in- stantly followed him, and the door shut behind them. Far above a cluster of fire- jewels made the staircase a well of dusky dragon-light.  They mounted until Conan estimated that they were above the level of the fourth floor, and then came out into a cylindrical tower, in the domed roof of which was set the bunch of fire-jewels that lighted the stair. Through gold- barred windows, set with unbreakable crystal panes, the first windows he had seen in Xuchotl, Conan got a glimpse of high ridges, domes and more towers, looming darkly against the stars. He was looking across the roofs of Xuchotl.  Olmec did not look through the win- dows. He hurried down one of the sev- eral stairs that wound down from the tower, and when they had descended a few feet, this stair changed into a narrow corridor that wound tortuously on for some distance. It ceased at a steep flight of steps leading downward. There Ol- mec paused.  Up from below, muffled, but unmis- takable, welled a woman's scream, edged with fright, fury and shame. And Conan recognized Valeria's voice.  In the swift rage roused by that cry, and the amazement of wondering what peril could wring such a shriek from Valeria's reckless lips, Conan forgot Ol- mec. He pushed past the prince and start- ed down the stair. Awakening instinct brought him about again, just as Olmec struck with his great mallet-like fist. The blow, fierce and silent, was aimed at the base of Conan's brain. But the Cim- merian wheeled in time to receive the buffet on the side of his neck instead. The impact would have snapped the ver- tebras of a lesser man. As it was, Conan swayed backward, but even as he reeled      he dropped his sword, useless at such close quarters, and grasped Olmec's ex- tended arm, dragging the prince with him as he fell. Headlong they went down the steps together, in a revolving whirl of limbs and heads and bodies. And as they went Conan's iron fingers found and locked in Olmec's bull-throat.  The barbarian's neck and shoulder felt numb from the sledge-like impact of Ol- mec's huge fist, which had carried all the strength of the massive forearm, thick triceps and great shoulder. But this did not affect his ferocity to any appreciable extent. Like a bulldog he hung on grim- ly, shaken and battered and beaten against the steps as they rolled, until at last they struck an ivory panel-door at the bottom with such an impact that they splintered it its full length and crashed through its ruins. But Olmec was already dead, for those iron fingers had crushed out his life and broken his neck as they fell.   CONAN rose, shaking the splinters from his great shoulder, blinking blood and dust out of his eyes.  He was in the great throneroom. There were fifteen people in that room besides himself. The first person he saw was Valeria. A curious black altar stood be- fore the throne-dais. Ranged about it, seven black candles in golden candle- sticks sent up oozing spirals of thick green smoke, disturbingly scented. These spir- als united in a cloud near the ceiling, forming a smoky arch above the altar. On that altar lay Valeria, stark naked, her white flesh gleaming in shocking contrast to the glistening ebon stone. She was not bound. She lay at full length, her arms stretched out above her head to their full- est extent. At the head of the altar knelt a young man, holding her wrists firmly. A young woman knelt at the other end of the altar, grasping her ankles. Between them she could neither rise nor move.