WEIRD TALES 383    in a recent issue, be used solely for construc- tive criticism, not silly haggling. Whatever adverse criticism is made against WEIRD TALES, it is indisputable that it has reached, and is maintaining, a very high standard of weird literature. WEIRD TALES stands alone. It is indeed unique in every respect. From the first page to the last, one is transported into a world of eery fantasy where whisper- ing voices hint unutterable horrors."   More Stories by Lovecraft  B. M. Reynolds, of North Adams, Massa- chusetts, writes: "Congratulations on the July WEIRD TALES, the best job you've turned out in many a moon. That issue came close to perfection. All of the stories were fine, in fact, with one exception. Loot of the Vampire was by far the most poorly written, atrocious and terrible piece of work that I have ever had the displeasure of read- ing in your fine magazine. The plot was weak, the characters unconvincing and the sequence of events very 'spotty' in places. A child of twelve could scarce find entertain- ment in that one. The other tales, however, were all of such a fine quality that it is hard to pick the best ones. Lost Paradise, Necro- mancy in Naat and Red Nails are tales that transport the reader out of the 'everyday' and carry him over countless dream-worlds and realms of enchantment. Tales of this type are all too scarce these days. The Un- born was a strong and appealing little story, undoubtedly Kayser's best to date. When the World Slept, by Hamilton, was thought- provoking and perhaps not too impossible in these days of scientific progress. And speak- ing of Hamilton, his Child of the Winds, in May, was one of the finest tales you have ever given us. The short-shorts were the best in months, The Kelpie by Wellman and The Snakeskin Cigar-Case being the best of these. The latter was, decidedly, an 'off the trail' story, which might have taken first place had it been longer. At any rate, it was a damn good yarn and if Bodo Wildberg has any more as good, send them along. Conan Doyle's reprint, The Ring of Thoth, was the best tale of andent Egyptian mummies that I have ever had the pleasure of reading. By the way, Mr. Editor, when, if ever, are we going to have any more tales by Lovecraft? Apparently, Robert Bloch has been trying to pinch-hit for Lovecraft for you, but he is an easy out. I'm sure no one can fill Lovecraft's    NEXT MONTH Witch-House By Seabury Quinn HERE is another tale about Jules de Grandin, the fascinating occult- ist, sdentist and ghost-breaker, who has endeared himself to many thousands of readers. Courageous, vain, boastful, mercurial, yet thoroughly lovable, he is one of the most interesting characters of modern fiction. IN THIS story the little Frenchman attacks a dangerous and baffling sit- uation involving a beautiful American girl in desperate peril of her life and a menace to those whom she loves-- attacks it heroically, with all the cour- age and resourcefulness at his com- mand. This superb novelette, one of the most intriguing of all the stories about Jules de Grandin, will be pub- lished complete in the November issue of WEIRD TALES on sale October 1st To avoid missing your copy, clip and mail this coupon today for SPECIAL SUBSCRIPTION OFFER. (You Save 25c)   WEIRD TALES 840 N. Michigan Ave. Chicago, Ill. Enclosed find $1.00, for which send me the next five issues of WEIRD TALES, to begin writh the November issue. (Special offer void unless remit- tance is accompanied by coupon.) Name Address City State