Weird Story Reprint  The Great Keinplantz Experiment By A. CONAN DOYLE     OF ALL the sciences which have puzzled the sons of men, none had such an attraction for the learned Professor von Baumgarten as those which relate to psychology and the ill-defined relations between mind and matter. A celebrated anatomist, a pro- found chemist, and one of the first physi- ologists in Europe, it was a relief for him to turn from these subjects and bring his varied knowledge to bear upon the study of the soul and the mysterious relation- ship of spirits. At first, when as a young man he began to dip into the secrets of mesmerism, his mind seemed to be wandering in a strange land where all was chaos and darkness, save that here and there some great unexplainable and disconnected fact loomed out in front of him. As the years passed, however, and as the worthy professor's stock of knowl- edge increased, for knowledge begets knowledge as money bears interest, much which had seemed strange and unaccount- able began to take another shape in his eyes. New trains of reasoning became      familiar to him, and he perceived con- necting links where all had been incom- prehensible and startling. By experi- ments which extended over twenty years, he obtained a basis of facts upon which it was his ambition to build up a new exact science which should embrace mes- merism, spiritualism, and all cognate sub- jects. In this he was much helped by his intimate knowledge of the more intri- cate parts of animal physiology which treat of nerve currents and the working of the brain; for Alexis von Baumgarten was regius professor of physiology at the University of Keinplatz, and had all the resources of the laboratory to aid him in his profound researches.  Professor von Baumgarten was tall and thin, with a hatchet-face and steel- gray eyes, which were singularly bright and penetrating. Much thought had fur- rowed his forehead and contracted his heavy eyebrows, so that he appeared to wear "a perpetual frown, which often misled people as to his character; for though astute he was tender-hearted. He   366