264 WEIRD TALES    like a blind man. As he plodded on his thoughts blended into one fixed idea: he must get to light, must get light to search for Vilma.  Gradually the insensate pounding in his head abated, and strength returned to his body. When at last he saw light be- yond a narrow fissure around an angle in the cavern, he had almost recovered. In moments he was gazing out over a plain bathed in the glow of a leprous moon. As he stared, he shivered; and it was not because of the cold draft drawing through the fissure, fanning his brine-drenched body.  Grim and starkly forbidding the plain lay before him, dead as the frozen land- scape of the moon. Once there had been life there, but now only the skeletons of trees remained, lifting their wasted limbs in rigid pleading to an unresponsive sky. Some, there were, that had fallen, up- rooted by the fury of passing hurricanes; these lay like the scattered bones of a dismembered giant, age-blackened, and painted with hoarfrost by the brushes of moonlight. Feebly the dead forest stirred under the touch of a moaning wind, and the gaunt shadows cast by the trees seemed to be multi-armed monsters slith- ering over the rocky earth.  He looked beyond the trees, and he saw light. Little squares of pale radiance cut high in the walls of an ancient black castle. Castle? Cliff frowned. He could liken it to nothing else, though he could not recall ever having seen a castle which thrust curving, needle-thin spires into the sky like a devil's horns.  Impatiently Cliff stepped from the wall of rock and glanced along a path that writhed through the forest; glanced-- and crouched swiftly, a low cry escaping him. A single spot of water on a smooth, flat stone! A spot shaped like a woman's shoe! Vilma had passed this way!  But--might it not have been some      other woman from the Ariel? No! They had been carried--and even if they had walked, their feet were dry!  Like a hound on the scent, Cliff Dar- rell sped along the serpentine path. The wind moaned above him, and the sough- ing branches seemed to whisper croaking warnings, but he ran on, his eyes con- stantly seeking signs of Vilroa's course. Here a drop of water shaken from her drenched skirt, there another; and Cliff blessed the full moon whose light made possible his trailing of the almost invis- ible spoor.  Now he had passed beyond the dead forest and was moving toward the castle. The trail had been growing steadily faint- er, but he managed to follow it. It led him toward a narrow stone stairway climbing crookedly to a misshapen open- ing in the wall. Light glowed faintly lu- rid somewhere deep within; and now Cliff heard a blasphemous sound belch from the depths of the castle--a wheez- ing, sardonic croaking like the moan of a demoniac organ, rumbling an obscene dirge. His hair bristled, and he stopped short.  He looked at the steps, searching for the fading trail--and he stiffened. There on the second step was an irregular blotch of moisture! What did it mean? Had Vilma crouched there? Had she ascended those steps? Entered?   With drawn face he began to skirt the base of the black building, searching every nook and cranny, scan- ning the bare walls. His heart lay like ballast in his breast. If--if something had lured Vilma into that demon-infested vault . . . he checked the thought.  Suddenly he cursed. Mechanically he had begun to measure his stride in time with the doleful dirge from the castle. He stalked on with altered pace. As he rounded the corner at the rear of the