NIGHT LIFE TALES 3 meter from Versailles; always her heart pumped like mad and her big black eyes widened and her small red tongue came out to moisten soft red lips. And so Salvatia watched and her heart beat like mad. She did not hear Pietro come in through the rear of the tent; she did not know that her fiance was there until she felt his arms go around her waist. He whispered, "Salvatia ! Salvatia !" And, his mouth touched her cheek, pressing her head back, seeking her lips. Despite herself Salvatia went a lit- tle stiff. She thought to herself: "Sometime, when Pietro takes me in his arms like this, I shall go limp with joy; I shall go out of my head with loving him. It will come in time. I have not made a mistake in promis- ing to marry him." But so far it had not come. Nor could she understand why her blood stayed so cool when Pietro kissed her and caressed her lovingly. Pietro was very handsome and young and gypsy- dark. His tent, where he managed the rifle shooting, was always crowded with women asking to be taught how to shoot. For Pietro had fire in his eyes. She, Salvatia Bertovi, was very lucky in- deed to have won the love of this great dark man whom so many wo- men wanted. She thought all this as Pietro's arms drew her closer, as his mouth closed over her own and as his hands slid around her waist, pressing her to him tightly. Pietro looked down into her slim, dark face, his black eyes burning over that soft beauty. He said, "I shouldn't have come. There is so little time before your act is on, be- fore I'm needed at the rifles. Once I hold you like this I can't let you go." She understood. She tried to pull out of his embrace but Pietro held her, firmly. He said, evenly, "Salvatia, do you love me? When I'm with you I think YES. When I'm away and can see things clearly I think NO." Salvatia said coolly, "I love you, Pietro." But her voice lacked warmth; her eyes did not glow as Rosalie Benoit's blue eyes glowed when she looked upon Pietro. And Salvatia thought: "Rosalie really loves Pietro even though she is ashamed of loving a gypsy" And Salvatia knew as Pietro gazed at her that he was mentally comparing her coolness with Rosalie's warm emotions; that he was weigh- ing them both, one against the other, and that he was finding her, Salvatia, lacking. "There's time for a few kisses, Pietro," she whispered, huskily. Pietro crushed her to him, put his