38 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE on second thought, as he sat up and looked at the boulder. It was fairly round. Likely it would roll, consider- ing the pitch of the slope. By ear alone had Hallock located Gallatin's position, and it was far from being a reliable impression; he had fallen ere he could glimpse the weapon's smoke, which would have registered it exactly. The thought that came to him as he looked at the boulder and noted its roundness, he carried out immediately. With one hand he gave it a good start down the slope in the general direction of the roaring gun. It met with stout resist- ance from the underbrush, but because of the start given it and its own weight, was able to smash all obstacles. HALLOCK crawled after the rolling boulder, keeping in the path it crushed, confident that any noise he made would be drowned out by the snap and crunch and swish of twigs and branches. Chalk's gun suddenly boomed out again, not ten feet away, and Hallock heard him curse. He had fired at the boulder, then discovered what he was shooting at and naturally felt foolish. But the boulder had ac- complished all that Hallock had ex- pected of it, drawn Chalk's fire and simultaneously covered Hallock's ap- proach to the cowboy's vantage-point. The gunfighter sprang up and ran those last ten feet, trusting to luck that neither rocks nor roots would trip him this time. The steepness of the slope caused him to descend in long, stagger- ing leaps and he would be at a distinct disadvantage when he came upon the cowboy and tried to stop suddenly. The next instant the white face of Gallatin flashed upon Hallock's vision; the puncher was on his knees, eyes fastened upon the point in the brush where he thought Hallock would break through. The gunfighter saw Chalk's six-shooter swing up for the throw-down as he dashed upon him; Hallock's left hand gun spouted smoky flame and lead, the bullet tearing the cowboy's gun from his fingers, the gun with the notch for Hallock! Hair-Trigger ran several feet beyond the kneeling Gallatin before he could stop himself. He whirled and sprang back up the slope, dropping his guns, just as Chalk was reaching with his left hand for the fallen iron, the fingers of his right being momentarily para- lyzed from the shock of the bullet on the cylinder. Chalk didn't realize, in the cold frenzy of the moment, that his enemy's lead had jammed the cylinder and the Colt was of no use, except as a club. Armed with a dug against the vengeance-thirsting Hallock--as well to stab him with a blade of grass! But Chalk's eager, curving fingers never closed on that tantalizing Colt- handle--a powerful tug at the back of his shirt collar lifted him from his knees; then he was hurled flat on his back and Hallock dropped astride him, driving the breath from his body and seemingly crushing his ribs. Before he could regain his breath, the gunfighter's steel fingers, like the gouging talons of an eagle, were fastened in his throat. "Yuh woman-beater, yuh damned, skulkin' coyote!" roared Hallock in the tones of a temporary madman. "A bul- let was too good, too quick to buck yuh out, but these bare hands o' mine shore fit yuhr scruvy neck. I got a mind," the terrible fingers tightened, the eyes with the dancing devil in them drilled into the glazing glance of Gallatin, "to tear yuhr windpipe plumb out!" The cowboy's hands instinctively, but weakly, futile, pushed against Hal- lock's heaving chest. To the right wrist was slung Chalk's quirt and the loaded end, uppermost, caught Hair-Trigger's eye. It was coated a dark-brown, the color of dried blood. If possible. Hal- lock went madder than ever at the 