TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE 3 I jumped from $18 a week to $50 -- a Free Book started me toward this GOOD PAY IN RADIO Here's How I Did It by S.J.E. "I had an $18 a week job In a shoe factory, but desired to make more money and con-tinue my education. I read about Radio opportunities and enrolled with the Na-tional Radio Institute." "The Instruction I received was practi-cal. I was able to earn $5 to $10 a week in spare time servicing Radios. This paid for the N.R.I. Course and led to serv- ice work paying for my college education." Radio servicing permitted me to attend school and work evenings and week-ends. Upon completing the N.R.I. Course I was made Service Manager at $40 to $50 a week, more than twice my shoe factory wage." "Later,the N.R.I. Graduate Service De-partment sent me to Station KWCR as a Radio Operator. Now I am Radio Engineer of Station WSUI and connected with Tele-vision Station W9XK." "The N.R.I. Course took mo out of a low-pay shoe factory job and put me Into Radio at good pay: enabled me to earn funds for a college education. There is a promising fu-ture for thoroughly trained Radio men." Find out today How I Train You at Home to be A RADIO TECHNICIAN J. E. SMITH, President National Radio Institute Established 27 Years Here is a quick way to more pay. Radio offers the chance to make $5, $10 a week extra in spare time a few months from now. There is an increasing demand for full time Radio Technicians and Radio Operators too. Many make $30, $40, $50 a week. On top of increasing civilian Interest in Radio, the Radio Industry is rushing to fill hun-dreds of millions of dollars worth of Govern-ment Orders. Clip the coupon below and mail it. Find out how I train you for these opportunities. Why Many Radio Technicians I Train Make $30, $40, $50 a Week The 832 broadcasting stations in the U. S. employ thousands of Radio Technicians with starting pay among the country's best paid industries. Repairing, servicing, selling home and auto Radio receivers (there are over 80,000,000 in use) gives good Jobs to thou-sands. Many other Radio Technicians take advantage of the opportunities to have their own service or retail Radio businesses. Think of the many good pay jobs in con-nection with Aviation, Commercial, Police Radio and Public Address Systems. N. R. I. gives you the required knowledge of Radio for these Jobs. N. R. I. trains you to be ready when Television opens new jobs. Yes, Radio Technicians make good money be-cause they use their heads as well as their hands. They must be trained. Many are getting special ratings in the Army and Navy; extra rank and pay. Beginners Quickly Learn to Earn $5, $10 a Week Extra In Spare Time Nearly every neighborhood offers oppor-tunities for a good part-time Radio Tech- nician to make extra money fixing Radio sets. I give you special training to show you how to start cashing in on these op-portunities early. You get Radio parts and instructions for building test equipment, for conducting experiments that give you valu-able practical experience. You also get a modern Professional Radio Servicing Instru-ment. My fifty-fifty method--half working with Radio parts, half studying my lesson texts--makes learning Radio at home in-teresting, fascinating, practical. Find Out How I Train You for Good Pay In Radio Mail the coupon below. I'll send my 64-page book FREE. It tells about my Course: of Jobs in the differt branches of Radio: shows letters from more than 100 of the men I trained so you can see what they are doing, earning. MAIL THE COU-PON in an envelope or paste on a penny postal. J. E. Smith, President Dept. 2AKI National Radio Institute Washington, D. C. EXTRA PAY IN ARMY, NAVY, TOO Every man likely to go into military service, every soldier, sailor, marine should mail the Coupon Now! Learning Radio helps men get extra rank, extra prestige, more interesting duty at pay up to 6 times private's base pay. Also prepares for good Radio jobs after service ends. IT'S SMART TO TRAIN FOR RADIO NOW! This FREE Book has shown Hundreds how to make GOOD Money J. E. SMITH, President. Dept. 2AKI National Radio Institute, Washington, D. C. Mall me FREE without obligation, your 64-page book "Rich Rewards In Radio." (No salesman will call. Write plainly.) Name Age Address City State 