WHEN A TEXAS TOWN GOES GUN-CRAZY 59 Colonel Colt's harp-distributers; an' I got a wife to support. I'll se what she says, Edgelow, an' of it's 'Yes,' yuh can pin yuhr shiny badge on--" The thutting crack of a .30-30 finished for him. The bullet plunked in the hard ground in front of them. Ahead lay the rockgrit coulee. At once Hallock swung down and backed Happy Hoofs well out of range, leaving her standing with the reins hanging. "That's about as far as that Win- chester'll throw 'em--where the bullet hit," remarked Hallock, expertly judg- ing the distance to the coulee, "but bring yuhr hoss here alongside mine an' he'll shore be safe." "Hoss thief's got the edge on us," grumbled the deputy as he followed Hallock's advice. "I never thought to bring a rifle." "Nor me," said Hallock, "but even if we had one I don't reckon it'd be much good. Feller's forted fine an' he won't expose enough o' himself for us to nick --not in this moon light. Daylight, mebbe. Wonder if it's Blackfoot-- though I never seen him handle any- thing but six-shooters--or the unknown guy by his lonesome. Seein' two ridin' toward him he knew, even as far as we are from his fort, that we wasn't friends. If either one of us, now--but mebbe Black foot's joined him a'ready. He's had time enough." THEY squatted on their heels in silence. The Winchester in the coulee was also silent. "Say," Hallock exclaimed suddenly, "I think I savvy how to get him! I'll keep him busy in front here--or both of 'em, whichever it is--an' yuh crawl around to the other side o' the coulee an' get 'em in the flank. How are yuh on snake imitatin'?" "Good at snakin'," replied Deputy Edgelow, without boast. "I'd thought o' rear-attackin' myself, but we've been seen, they know there's two of us an' if one goes he'll be missed." "Don't yuh believe it, boy," smiled Hallock, who could not forget Edge- low's youthful appearance, though there was not five year's difference in their ages. "I'll make 'em think we're both here on this spot an' anxious to waste lead. Yuh recollect the old-time scout trick o' shiftin' base with each shot?" And at Edgelow's quick nod he finished, "Well, start crawlin' an I'll start shootin'." Hallock stretched himself on his stomach in the bunch-grass, a gun in each fist. He fired with the right-hand weapon, aiming in the direction of the coulee, though for all the damage it would do, he might just as well have fired straight up in the air. The Win- chester replied to the roar of the Colt, the lead thumping two or three yards away. Hallock rolled over, rolled sev- eral feet, and he did it so quickly that the detonation of the first shot had not died before it was caught up and pro- longed by the throbbing boom of a second, belching from the left-hand gun. Meanwhile, belly to the ground, Deputy Billy Edgelow was hitching his long, slim body with painful slowness but steady progress over the sea of bunch-grass, describing a wide semi- circle. He could have wished for a moonless night for such work and blessed every cloud which, for a mo- ment or two or longer, swam across the face of the beaming satellite. The gun fighter stuck to his guns, literally, for over a half hour. He fired and rolled, fired and rolled, left to right and back again, giving as good as imita- tion of two men shooting from different positions, a few feet apart, as two men could have done. His cartridge belts were getting lighter. He was glad he had two to keep up the bombardment. Young Edgelow was a long time mak- ing the trip to the coulee, but, of course 