60 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE he had to be careful. "That buckaroo,' soliloquized Hal- lock as time ran on, certain there was but one man coupla lulus slingin' away all this good lead. He ain't so strong on brains himself," he remarked, on second thought, "tryin' to make that rifle carry the few extra yards it won't reach. He's dumber than I am, I reckon, 'cause I don't expect to get no- wheres. If that angel-face deputy--" The distant rumbling of a Colt in the direction whence, heretofore, had sounded only the staccato voice of the Winchester! Then silence. Hallock leaped up, whooping, jammed his smok- ing guns in their scabbards and ran to the horses. Hair-pinning the paint mare and with the reins of the deputy's mount bunched in his left hand, he scudded across the plain. As he gal- loped within hail of the coulee, the tall, lanky form of Billy Edgelow appeared in the moonlight running along the rim and waving triumphant arms. "Got him!" he yelled to Hallock. "One man, but it wasn't Blackfoot. All the Two Bar hosses is down there, twenty-five or thirty of 'em." MRS. TOM HALLOCK said "yes" in the matter of her husband wearing a deputy sheriff's badge for seventy-five dollar a month; thereby astonishing Billy Edgelow, whose hopes had gone a-glimmering when Hallock left the decision up to his wife. Edge- low thought he knew something about women--and maybe he did, something --but he had never before met the kind of a woman Sue Hallock was. Sue's reason for giving her consent were her own; she knew you couldn't cure a drunkard by cutting off his liquor sup- ply all at once--you had to diminish it gradually. Her husband was in simi- lar case and would require similar treatment! his killing impulse couldn't be uprooted suddenly, but must be weeded by degrees. The responsibili- ties of the deputy's office would teach him self-control. Hallock, having sold the horse and effects of his late partner, Brule, turned up at the Northern Pacific depot one morning, the day after Billy Edgelow departed for the county-seat, and ordered two tickets to Deadwood. "Ain't leaving us are you, Hallock?" the agent asked, arching his brows. "I thought you were going to be a deputy sheriff around these parts." "Am," nodded Hallock, smiling "Don't lose no time gettin' around, news don't. But I'm goin' on my honeymoon first. Be gone about two weeks an' when I come back the sheriff will be up here to swear me in. Ain't seen Deadwood," he added reminis- cently, "since I was pretty much of a kid. Got my bad start there, but I've a hankerin' to see the place ag'in, 'specially Jerry Lewis's saloon where I used to serve drinks to Wild Bill Hickok an' Calamity Jane, too." "Will be interesting," said the agent, who did not seem at all interested in what Hallock was saying, but in some thought of his own. "Say," he spoke abruptly and leaned in the ticket win- dow, close to the gunfighter, "have you been talking around about this trip to Deadwood?" "Well, I haven't hollered it from any roofs, but it's been no secret. Why?" "You never found Blackfoot Dixon?" "No, ain't laid eyes on him since the night he jumped out the honkytonk winder. I suspect he's hidin' close to town an' his friends, what's left of 'em." "Uh-huh. This may be a good tip or not, Hallock, but Pat Brand--used to be a friend of Len Roper's and none of yours--was here yesterday and bought three sections to Deadwood on the same train you're taking. What do you think of that? Maybe Blackfoot's one of the six." 