WHEN A TEXAS TOWN GOES GUN-CRAZY 37 horses, but this, as a lover of horse- flesh and not from any reluctance to destroy property of the Sundown Stage Company, he hated to do except as a last resort. HAPPY HOOFS, grabbing ground as if she had not been run hard all afternoon, thrust her nose past the coach window. Hallock pondering the problem of how to stop the stage and nail his quarry, glanced involuntarily at the rapid-turning wheels. His guns, swinging from the loose grip of his hands against his legs, came swiftly into position, aimed low. They began to roar, a continuous volley. Hands that never missed were streaming those bullets and the spokes in the revolving rear wheels were split and broken by the hard-driven lead. The felloes, denied the support of most of the spokes, slewed suddenly at a forty-five degree angle and the coach lurched to one side, like a drunkard thrown off balance. The ruined wheel lay down and the hub, striking the ground, dragged along it several yards before the four-in-hand gave up pulling. But Chalk Gallatin was no longer on the driver's box. Puzzlement found place beside Chalk's cold fear when Hallock's Colts began their incessant pounding which emptied both cylinders--what was the man shooting at? He had never been known to waste lead--and then the question was answered by the sidewise lunge of the furiously driven Concord. Chalk, keyed up to take any chance, even the slimmest, swung down from the leaning coach on the offside, a second or two before it completely stopped. Either side of the stage road was a steep embankment, covered with brush the height of a man's shoulder and thick and tangled like jungle growth. Chalk, without hesitation, sprang from the edge of the road into this gray and brown and yellow maze and headed straight down, he cared not where, so long as he escaped his nemesis. Hallock saw Chalk's figure whisk off the box, but could not have shot at him if he would--he had shaken every load from his guns in demolishing the wheel. He heard the crashing of the brush as the "bad" cowpuncher drove into it; the gunfighter spilled the twelve empty shells on the ground, shoved fresh cart- ridges into the chambers, then swung off Happy Hoofs and headed around the end of the coach. He was cautious about showing himself on the edge of the bank for the good reason that, al- though it had taken him but a few seconds to reload, the noise of Gallatin's descent had abruptly ceased, and it sug- gested that he was lying in wait for Hallock's figure to loom above him. Finding the proverbial needle in the haystack would have been child's play compared to locating Chalk on the brushy slope without exposing oneself. Hallock stood only a few minutes irresolute, racking his brains to hit upon some scheme which would reduce the high degree of danger; not that he was afraid, but he would have deemed it a disgrace to be killed by Chalk Gal- latin, especially with his vengeance un- satisfied. But the horns of the dilemma retained their needle-point at the end of the five minutes, and, abandoning all attempt at caution, which was useless anyway, he charged, yelling and brand- dishing his Colts into the brush. A six-shooter bellowed, about thirty yards down. Hallock fell on his face. Not because he had been struck, how- ever. He had tripped over a boulder which lay well hidden in the thicket tangle. He did not curse as he raised himself on his hands, his fingers still twined about the gun-grips; that rock, possibly, had been a providential stum- bling block in his path, saved him a drilling--and something else! This was 