96 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE an' all you lost, reckon this puts you in the bankin' business an' gives you back Bar 13. I hope you remember how it is to be in a tight." "I can remember--though that ain't uncrowdin' the range." Hargish turned to Rem. "As for you," he said, "there ain't a doubt you're the devil Kruss meant. You served a good purpose you never aimed to, because things went haywire. But because of that, I'll let you off with your life. You ain't stayin' here to point the way to wholesale rustlin', kill- in' an' robbery, though I" "It was my brother Kruss meant," Rem protested. "That's another rea- son I come here--to warn you hellfire was cornin'. I--" "Get out!" Hargish roared. "You lead a wolf pack back here, an' I'll see to you myself. I don't want any of your advice to trick me or mess me up." Rem looked at Kay Fraly. She'd given in to grief and was sobbing piti- fully, terribly. Anyhow, she wouldn't want him here. She probably blamed him for the swift turn of events that had caused her so much grief. A wom- an stepped up and led the girl away. "You won't take my warnin'," Rem said to Hargish. "Yet you'll blame me if anything happens. That's one hell of a note." "Y'darn shoutin'," Asia Lane sided in. "I can see right now, Hargish ain't goin' to make things easy for us li'l ones. King, I had a bad minute to- wards you, but you spoke up in my favor. I seen enough I'm convinced you're fit to ride the river with, an' that you might be needed around. You come along home with me." "I warn you," Hargish began, and got no further. Lane's self-control snapped like a rotten cinch. His fist hit Hargish's jaw and Hargish hit the dust. He sat up, emotions of bewil- derment, pain and rage conflicting within him. "You see?" he cried. "More trouble already. Lane--" "Hell with you, you stiff-necked oP devU," Lane snarled. "Come on, King, let's get goin'." Rem followed Lane's creaking wagon out of town. The color was draining from his face. A mile from town, Lane called, "Ride up so we can talk." He looked around, gasped, stopped and leaped from the wagon and ran back. Rem had fallen out of the saddle. He sprawled in the road, the left side of his shirt and jumper soaked with blood. . . . CHAPTER FOUR Ravaged Range WEAKENED by loss of blood, his side inflamed and swollen where Kruss's slug bad fur- rowed over his ribs, Rem didn't take to the saddle the next day. After get- ting Rem home and in Mrs. Lane's care last night, Asia had taken word to other pool members. This morning, they met at the Lane place and went to town together, to attend Younk Fra- ly's burial out of respect to Kay, and check with Hargish on the new order of things to be. Lane was in a sour mood when he returned home that evening. As he unhooked his team, he told Rem, "Har- gish is genin' mighty a'ready. Called a meetin' for tomorrow at the bank. His range is 'way overstocked an', while Hargish is honest, he ain't fair. It's in him to be a range tyrant, an' to hell with us little spreads." "He say anything about me?" Rem inquired. "Plenty! Cussed me, too. His sore