102 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE The poor devils you burned out down below, have a right to this valley for their cattle and homes. After the years they suffered on account of the trick of a King, it's up to us--" "Hush, damn you!" Rom bellowed. "Didn't they trick Satan? You damn right. One of them did, anyhow. An' you throw in with them, go against your own kind down there. You think I'd step out an' see them come in here? Into a valley Satan King found? Cuss the name of King, eh? Hell, they ain't even started havin' reason to cuss!" Rom settled his feet apart as his mad rage ran hotter. "I'm startin' with you--" "Wait, Rom!" old Buck Honor cried. Rom's gun was flashing up. Every nerve and fiber in Rem cried out for speed. Yet he was slow, held back by the damning fact that this was his brother he faced. "Rom!" Buck Honor screamed, and his gun thundered and echoed in Owl- hoot House. The barrel rested back on the table top, then the gun slid out of his hand. Rom King raised both elbows, stood on his toes. His gun thumped the floor. A ragged sigh passed his lips, then, and he went down limply. Rem didn't, couldn't realize what had happened. His eyes wide, mouth agape, he shook his head slowly and stared down at Rom. Buck Honor gave a despairing croak, pushed to his feet. He staggered the distance to Rom and dropped down beside him. He pulled Rom's head up on his lap. "Rom, boy," Honor sobbed, tears streaming down his grayish, seamed face. "Rom, listen. You died easy. Not like sufferin' with a bullet in the belly; not like bein' caged up before they took you out to hang you up. An' it'd been like that, boy. Maybe the name of King ain't stood for what it ought. Maybe Satan'll savvy. Rom, it all come clear to me. The best way to make the name a proud one was to let Rem pack it on like he's started. "Rom, you can forgive me?" "Rem, you reckon Rom'll under- stand," Honor begged. "He'll know why I done 'er, won't he, Rem?" Old Buck Honor shuddered and bent slowly forward. So he died, his head on Rom's body, a smile on his lips. THE three outlaws, standing beside the graves, weren't thinking of the dead. They were wondering how long it would take them to get out of Damna- tion Valley. Rem patted the last piece of sod down on the mound above Buck Honor. He stood up. Swallowing a lump in his throat, he said, "I reckon they're both better off. An' they never died without leavin' somethin' good behind. "This valley an' its tributaries ain't goin' to be crowded for a long time. We'll see it ain't. After we get in a road, we'll build a little town around Owlhoot House, along Ripple River. We'll have just about all we want or need, down there." "Yeah," Rep Jones agreed. "An' what'll you call the town? Kingville? Satan? Some name like that?" "Why, no," Rem answered. "We'll name it after a man who thought enough of another man's name an' memory, he tore his heart out for it. A man who killed the thing he loved above all else, in order that, at last, that name would rightly carry on. Honor worshipped Satan, an' Rom, Sa- tan's crown prince, meant more to Honor than life itself. "Honor. That's what we'll name the place. Honor!" He moved down the slope toward Owlhoot House, to get his horse and ride down to love, then back to Honor, where it would be fine to obey the dis- tates of happiness. . . . 