WHEN A TEXAS TOWN GOES GUN-CRAZY 31 firm position by accident; the side up- permost had been smoothed off with an ax, making a footpath about four feet in width. "Must've been used as a foot-bridge by the miners up this way before the gold veins pinched out," Hallock re- marked, as they sat their saddle, at gaze. "That other bridge was only built a coupla years, wasn't it?" "Yeh," said Sam. 'But I never knew about this one--never came up this far, because when I went anywhere across the valley, always took the reg'lar bridge. Miners was gone from these parts long before I hit Derringer. That was a minin' camp one time, yuh know." "Looks as if it'd stood the weather pretty well," Hallock remarked, his eye on the tree-bridge. "Pretty narrow for a hoss, but if any four-legged critter can go across it's Happy Hoofs. The both of us are willin' to try anything once, eh, girl?" patting the sleek neck; "an' for Sue we'd try it twice. Sam, I'm startin'. I'd say a prayer if I knew any." It was going to be a ticklish feat the gunfighter was well aware. He had tested the paint mare's nerve frequently and always found it good, but not in just this way before. Urged by her master's voice and rein-hand, Happy Hoofs ambled to the tree, then halted and tossed her head as if in misgiving. "Now, don't be shakin' yuhr head, girl," rebuked Hallock. softly. "Room enough for yuh to put yuhr hoofs if yuh do it dainty an' careful. I'm right with yuh, even if yuh should slip-- which yuh ain't a-goin' to. Amble, girl. We're wastin' time." ONE would have thought from the movement of the paint's ears that she understood every word; her actions manifested her nervousness, but so strong was the love for her rider and her confidence in him, that Happy Hoofs held back no longer. She stepped cautiously forward, and with Hallock talking to bolster up her courage, covered ten feet or so. Then she hesi- tated. The dizzy abyss swam under- neath. "Not halfway, yet, girl," spoke the gunfighter, "but if yuh want to rest, go to it. Don't look down, but straight across to where we're goin'." Presently the paint moved slowly on again. Another ten feet and she stopped. The tree was shaking in a way calculated to freeze the hearts of horse and rider. There was no going back, however; forward was the only course. Hallock thought the motion of the precarious bridge resulted from the strain he and Happy Hoofs were putting on the middle. Partly that was the cause, but there was another. Looking behind, he saw Sam Brace guiding his horse across. The saloon- keeper's face was white; his mount was not doing even as well as Happy Hoofs. It would stop every few feet and swing its head and Sam, evidently, was al- most incapable of speech to urge it on. He should have waited until Hallock crossed before starting, and the gun- fighter would have spoken to him had he not depended on Sam's common sense. Two horsemen on the log foot- path simultaneously might be more pounds of bone and flesh than the sea- soned bridge could sustain. But this was not the time nor place to remon- strate. The thing to do was to go on as rapidly as possible and clear the way for Brace. And Happy Hoofs was suddenly averse to going another step. She gazed into nothingness on either side of her and snorted a little. That meant her nerve was failing. Hallock knew the signs. "Stand still, girl," ordered Hallock in his smoothest tone, resolving sud- denly what was best to do. Clinging close to the animal's body and holding 