330 AMAZING STORIES of ore-bearing rock which he had brought from the mine to careful analysis, but also appealed to sev- eral of the greatest living chemists and mineral- ogists to aid him; but they were all equally mysti- fied. The green substance contained in the ore, al- though differing slightly from ordinary chrysolite, answered all the known tests Of that mineral. It was remembered, however, that Dr. Syx had said that they would be likely to mistake the substance for chrysolite, and the result of their experiments justified his prediction. Evidently the doctor had gone a stones' east beyond the chemistry of the day, and, just as evidently, he did not mean to reveal his discovery for the benefit of science, nor for the benefit of any pockets except his own. The Extraction of the Metal is an Unsolvable Mystery NOTWITHSTANDING the failure of the chemists to extract anything front Dr. Syx's ore, the public at large never doubted that the secret would be discovered in good time, and thousands of prospectors flocked to the Teton Moun- tains in search of the ore. And without much dif- ficulty they found it. Evidently the doctor had been mistaken in thinking that his mine might be the only one. The new miners hurried specimens of the green-speckled rock to the chemical laboratories for experimentation, and meanwhile began to lay up stores of the ore in anticipation of the time when the proper way to extract the metal should be dis covered. But, alas! that time did not come. The fresh ore proved to be as refractory as that which had been obtained from Dr. Syx. But in the midst of the universal disappointment there came a new sensation. One morning the newspapers glared with a des- patch from Grand Teton station announcing that the metal itself had been discovered by prospectors on the eastern slope of the main peak. "It outcrops in many places," ran the despatch, "and many small nuggets have been picked out of crevices in the rocks. The excitement produced by this news was even greater than when gold was discovered at the south pole. Again a mad rush was made for for Tetons. The heights around Jackson's Hol' and the shores of Jackson's and Jenny's lakes were quickly dotted with camps, and the military force had to be doubled to keep off the curious, and occasionally menacing crowds which gathered in the vicinity and seemed bent on unearthing the great Secret- locked behind the windowless walls of the mill, where the column of black smoke and the roar of the engine served as reminders of the incredible wealth which the sole possessor of that secret was rolling up. This time no mistake had been made. It was a fact that the metal, in virgin purity, had been dis- covered scattered in various places on the ledges of the Grand Teton. In a little while thousands had obtained specimens with their own hands. The quantity was distressingly small, considering the number and the eagerness of the seekers, but that it was genuine artemisium not even Dr. Syx could have denied. He, however, made no attempt to deny it. "Yes," he said, when questioned, "I find that I have been deceived. At first I thought the metal existed only in the form of the green ore, but of late I have come upon veins of pure artemisium in my mine. I am glad for your sakes, but sorry for my own. Still, it may turn out that there is no great amount of free artemisium after all." The Mountain is Covered with Prospectors WHILE the doctor talked in this manner close observers detected a lurking sneer which his acquaintances had not noticed since arte- misism was first adopted as the money basis of the world. The crowd that swarmed upon the mountain quickly exhausted all of the visible supply of the metal. Sometimes they found it in a thin stratum at the bottom of crevices, where it could be de- tached in opalescent plates and leaves of the thick- ness of paper. These superficial deposits evidently might have been formed from water holding the metal in solution. Occasionally, deep cracks con- tained nuggets and wiry masses which looked as if they had run together when molten. The most promising spots were soon staked out in miners' claims, machinery was procured, stock companies were formed, and borings were begun. The enthusiasm arising from the earlier finds and the flattering surface indications caused everybody to work with feverish haste and energy, and within two months one hundred tunnels were piercing the mountain. For a long time nobody was willing to admit the truth which gradually forced itself upon the atten- tion of the miners. The deeper they went the scarc- er became the indications of artemisium! In fact, such deposits as were found while confined to fis- sures near the surface. But Dr. Syx continued to report a surprising increase in the amount of free metal in his mine, and this encouraged all who had not exhausted their capital to push on their tunnels in the hope of finally striking a vein. At length, however, the smaller operators gave up in despair, until only one heavily capitalized company remained at work. CHAPTER V A Strange Discovery "IT is my belief that Dr. Max Syx is a deceiver." The person who uttered this opinion was a young engineer, Andrew Hall, who had charge of the operations of one of the mining com- panies which were driving tunnels into the Grand Teton. "What do you mean by that?" asked President Boon, who was the principal backer of the enter- prise. "I mean" replied Hall, "that there is no free metal in this mountain, and Dr. Syx knows there is none." "But he is getting it himself from his mine," re- torted President Boon. "So he says, but who has seen it? No one is ad- mitted into the Syx mine, hi' foremen are forbid- den to talk, and his workmen are specially import- ed negroes who do not understand the English lan- guage." "But," persisted Mr. Boon, "how, then, do you account for the nuggets scattered over the moun-