To PRACTICAL MEN and ELECTRICAL STUDENTS You can use this marvelous little book for solving your problems in any phase of electricity including Motor Starters and Starting Boxes, Overload and Underload Release Boxes, Rever- sible Types, Elevator Controllers, Tank Controllers, Starters for Printing Press Motors, Automatic Controllers, Variable Field Type, Controllers for Mine Locomotive, Street Car Control- lers, Connections for Reversing Switches, Motor and Dynamo Rules, Rules for Speed Regulation, Connec- tions for Induction Motors and Start- ers, Delta and Star Connections, Con- nections for Auto Transformers, and Transformers for Lightning and Power Purposes. If you are interested in calculation you can find plenty of it in the various work on Simple Electrical Mathemat- ics, Electrical Units, Electrical Con- nections, Calculation of Unknown Re- sistances, Calculation of Current in Branches of Parallel Circuits, Calculation of Weight of Wire, Wire Gauge Rules, Orra's Law, Watt's Law, Infor- mation regarding Wire used for Elec- trical Purposes, Wire Calculations, Wiring Calculations, Illumination Cal- culations, Shunt Instruments and Cal- culation of Resistance of Shunts, Power Calculations, Efficiency Calcu- lations, Measuring of Unknown Resist- ances, Dynamo and Dynamo Troubles, Motors and Motor Troubles, Calcula- tion of Size of Pulleys, Current Calcu- lations in finding Impedance, React- ance, Inductance, Frequency, Speed of Alternators and Motors, Conductance, Susceptance, Admittance, Angle of Lag and Power Factor, and Formulas for use with Line Transformers. ARE YOU INTERESTED IN ELECTRICITY? If you are, this is your opportunity to get a book which is as authentic as it is complete! For every problem that has puzzled you and is puzzling you, you will find the solution in clear, definite language in the BLUE BOOK. Its informatative contents come from the pen of Yorke Burgess, founder and head of the famous electrical school bearing his name. It is a pocket-size note book, especially adapted for the practical man and those who are taking up the study of electricity. You can have this note book with you at all times and you can read and study it in your leisure moments. [With all mailing] charges postpaid, we will s you this excel- [lent] book for [one] dollar ($1.00). Just mail us your order, enclos- ing a dollar bill, a check, or a money order with your request for a copy. Knowing its value thoroughly, we are convinced that you will like the book, but after five days we will be glad to refund your dollar if you should care to return the book. Just drop us a line. THE McCLURE PUBLISHING CO. Dept. L.W. 720 Cass Street, Chicago, Ill.