302 AMAZING STORIES we have ardently wished, not only that we might help you forward, but that we might have the means of solving a thousand problems relating to your world, and especially to your (to us) bewilderingly incomprehensible 'human' nature, as denoted by your acts. So, although the subject-matter of most of your radio messages is of trivial interest in it- self, the light it has thrown on the mentality of your species lends to every word a profound inter- est. Interplanetary Telephony WHEN, at last, you discovered telephony we recognized that communication should soon follow, and we did all we could to at- tract your attention. But you persistently remained deaf to our words. From this we found out that your powers of hearing were insufficient for the purpose of interplanetary communication, which would therefore remain for ever impossible unless some means of establishing mental rapport with some one of you could be devised. In the latter events, through the exalted condition of the sens- orial faculties that could be induced, and especially as controlled by hypnotic influence, we still hoped success might be obtained. "The difficulty, however, of bringing this about remained unconquerable, and, in the event, chance alone has decided it. "This chance depended on the accident of one. of your own particular nature or character being thrown by unwonted circumstances, and your iso- lated position, into a mental condition, one symp- tom of which was an abnormal functional exalta- tion of the sensorial ganglia. "On the night of what you call October 7, in this condition of nervous exaltation, and physical ex- haustion, you, to outward appearance, fell asleep at the instrument. Sleep is one of the natural phe- nomena that, with you, seem to be still curiously uncomprehended. For the present, I will merely say that your sub-consciousness was especially wide awake, and could hear my call. You answered, and the rest was easy. Improving the adjustment of your already responsive condition by hypnotic sug- gestion, for twenty hours we remained in the clos- est mental rapport. This time was employed, except for short intervals, when I assisted you in the per- formance of the work of your station, in getting from you all the information on things human and terrestrial that you are capable of giving. You have resolved a thousand questions that have been de- bated here for millenniums. We regret to find your strange lack of information on subjects evidently within the present acquirements of your race. Why are not all--but of that, another time. It may please you to know that, although at present an undis- tinguished individual on Earth, you are at this moment the most celebrated on Venus." The Voice Said, "Your Nearest Neighbour" THE voice ceased, and can you wonder, dear May, that words in reply failed me for a time. Among a hundred thoughts crowding through my mind the one which persisted with most force was, Could this be real? "Your nearest neigh- bour," the voice said. I do not know what it means. The horrible idea took shape, this is delusion, mad- ness! I cannot blame you that, like any one else, you will be driven to that conclusion. It must be so much easier to think that trouble has driven another poor wretch out of his mind, than to be- lieve that some one has spoken to him from the stars! After a time--I do not know how long--I pulled myself together sufficiently to make an answer. I tried to speak into the receiver, but found that I could only speak in the same low tone as before. "How is it, then," I asked, "if I could only hear you at first in consequence of a special state I was then in, that I can hear you now?" But, try as I would, I could not raise my voice. Finally, I gave up the attempt, and sat dejected at this impotence. While I sat with my head bent, the voice began to speak--to answer! I was astounded that so low a tone should have been effectual. "Because you are still in a 'special state,' as you call it," the voice said; "that is, under my hyp- notic control, as established by me at our first interview. It is in obedience to my suggestion that you came to this interview, and that you can now only speak in a low tone to me. To others you are able to speak as loudly as you desire. Although your consciousness is now awake, and you do not feel the control, still it is perfect, as your loss of voice proves. This I ordered, partly that I might have that proof which is necessary, and partly that our conversation might be private, as none of your fellow-beings can hear you, and you alone can of course hear me." "How then are others going to talk with you?" "At first through you; then, I hope, directly, in a way you will see when the time comes." "But no one will believe me. Every one will think me mad, rather than suppose a human voice has reached me from such a distance." "There will be no difficulty; at this, or subsequent interviews, there will be plenty of subject-matter in your notes, that it will be evident did not eman- ate from you. But do not say 'a human voice'; you must not suppose me to be in the least human." It Is Venus That Has Been Speaking to Station X "WHAT are you then?" I said, and, dear May, you have no idea what a horrible shiver ran down my spine as I asked. I had be- come already a little accustomed to the ringing musical voice, and, drawn by it, had, I think, all unconsciously, begun to picture a fellow-being speaking to me from this other world, not without sympathy. But now all that feeling instantly van- ished; nothing remained but a sense of the hideous uncanniness of it all. "I am," answered the voice, "one of the dominat- ing race on Venus, just as you are one of the domin- ating race on Earth, and do not be surprised or of- fended when I inform you that, were we on your Earth, and able to live there, we should, by virtue of our greater mental powers, have no more difficulty in dominating you than you have in dominating your horses and cattle." If this is true, May, thank God for the gulf of distance between us! While speaking of distance, do not forget that in these conversations there is always a wait of about six minutes for replies. If, as I suppose, this is in consequence of the distance,