STATION X 305 most exactly a three-minute journey. So that Ma- crae's six minutes for replies is quite correct. Again, there are the remarks of the supposed Venerian as to the backward state, socially, of us terrestrials, ill not adopting a universal language, and on other social questions. Can you imagine them as emanat- ing from Macrae? Speaking of languages does this writing strike you, where the Venerian is sup- posed to be speaking, as being in Macrae's style?" "By Jove! Anderson, you are right! Now this really is interesting. Perhaps this shorthand that follows will throw light on it, as well as on his present condition. By the by, I hope it won't last much longer. It becomes increasingly difficult to keep it from the crew." "I am glad to see you are at last interested. But there is a task before me here. It is so long since I used Pitman that I have almost forgotten the signs." It proved quite as difficult as the doctor expected, and it was far into the night before he had finished, but he was too absorbed in the contents to leave it before it was done. CHAPTER V Captain Evered Gets the Transcription THE next morning Dr. Anderson handed to Captain Evered his transcription of Macrae's shorthand. "What do you make of it?" was the question as they walked towards the captain's cabin. "I'd rather not say until you've read it, sir," was the response, "lest you think me mad as you think Macrae. Now I'm going to turn in. I've not long finished it." In order to keep Macrae's condition from the crew, and for the doctor's better private observa- tion of him, Anderson had given up his cabin, and was for the time accommodated in a screened-off corner of the barbette. Transcription of the Mysterious Communication CAPTAIN Evered shut himself in his cabin, and unfolded the manuscript which ran: "Are you there, Macrae?" "Yes, I am here, although on thinking it over after our talk yesterday, I decided not to be." "Why?" "I decided I would prefer to leave it until there were others here with me. Since you told me I was not listening to a human voice, I seem, somehow, to shrink from it; it is uncanny. Also, some time after I left the instrument, the doubt came back, that it might be all a delusion." "So you decided not to come to the instrument for this appointment, but, as the time approached, you altered your mind, or rather, your mind altered, and you felt inclined to attend; is that so?" "Well, yes, that is exactly how it was." "Quite so; that is as it should be. While you are talking with me, do you entertain any doubt of my existence?" "Not at the time. I can distinctly feel that you are somewhere; that there is some one besides myself." "Exactly. Across the abyss you feel my personal influence. I think, Macrae, you must be exception- ally adapted, even among your impressionable spe- cies, for the role you are filling. Be quite convinced of my objective reality; from this time onward dis- miss any idea to the contrary from your mind; let no such doubt occur to you again. With respect to the other point you raise, although you do not know anything of bodily forms here, do not let that trouble you. The curiosity that will doubtless exist among your fellow-beings respecting us shall be fully satisfied later. For the present, try to realize that the body is but the raiment; it is the being who is clothed with it that alone signifies. "In view of what I am about to say to you, it is essential that you should keep that fixed in your mind, as it will help you to understand. For the rest, look upon us here as the friends of your kind. How urgently you are in need of our assistance you are about to learn; for it has been decided here that, in view of this wonderful opportunity, which accident might interfere with, not another day should be lost in acquainting you with the particu- lars. As the message is not for you alone, be very careful in your written report of it. Now listen attentively. A Warning from a Friendly Planet "A TERRIBLE danger threatens, from which nothing but the fortunate accident of your getting in communication first with me, may save you - if saved you are to be. "That you should the better understand what you are about to hear, it is necessary to begin by recounting to you some long past events, relating to life in other worlds than yours or mine. "The mystery of the origin of life, like that of matter, is an ocean depth where no plummet of the finite mind can find a bottom. It is sufficient illus- tration of the crudity of your ideas on the subject that there should be any doubt among you as to the other planetary members of our System being in- habited. You now have proof that one other is so, and must take my word for it that there is good reason why no planet under such temperature and other conditions as render life possible, can remain barren of organic development. "But there have been times in the past when such conditions have not obtained, when the various members of our System have been too heated for life to be possible. In consequence of the more rapid cooling of the smaller planets, the first to be the scene of life was your satellite, the Moon. This was millions of years ago, and the climatic conditions on it then were very different from now. It then had abundant atmosphere and humidity and afforded a site for life development long ages before your world, or ours, was so suited. "The inevitable result under these conditions fol- lowed. It became covered with a myriad forms of living creatures, out of which finally emerged one, by virtue of its mental superiority, combined with sufficient bodily fitness, to dominate all. In obedi- ence to the laws of development, this race advanced to higher and higher powers, attaining a position similar to that held by you in your world, and by us in ours. Now you must conceive the lapse of a vast period of time before the great tragedy, of which I am about to speak, took place.