THE MOON METAL 339 "I fear you flatter the man in the moon," was my laughing reply. "No, I don't," returned Hall, "and some day you'll admit it." ''Well, what about that something that shines down there? You seem to see more in it than I can." Dr. Syx Is Suspicious About the Climb to the Summit "BUT my companion had fallen into a reverie and didn't hear my question. He was gazing abstractedly at the faint image of the wan- dering moon, now nearing the mountain-top in the distance. Presently his mind seemed to return to the old magnet, and he whirled about and glanced, down at the Syx mill. The column of smoke was diminishing in volume, an indication that the en- gine was about to enjoy one of its periodical rests. The irregularity of these stoppages had always been a subject of remark among practical engineers. The hours of labor were exceedingly erratic, but the engine had never been known to work at night, ex- cept on one occasion, and then only for a few min- utes, when it was suddenly stopped on account of a fire. Just as Hall resumed his inspection two huge quarter spheres, which had been resting wide apart on the roof, moved towards one another until their arched sections met over the circular aperture which they covered like the dome of an observatory. "I expected it," Hall remarked. "But come, it is mid-afternoon, and we shall need all of our time to get safely down before the light fades." Dr. Syx Speaks to Them AS I have already explained, it would not have been possible for us to return the way we came. We determined to descend the com- paratively easy western slopes of the peak, and pass the night on that side of the mountain. Letting our- selves down with the rope into the hollow way that divides the summit of the Teton into two pinnacles, we had no difficulty in descending by the route fol- lowed by all previous climbers. The weather was fine, and, having found good shelter among the rocks, we passed the night in comfort. The next day we succeeded in swinging round upon the eastern flank of the Teton, below the more formidable cliffs, and, just at nightfall, we arrived at the station. As we passed the Syx mine the doctor himself con- fronted us. There was a very displeasing look on his dark countenance, and his sneer was strongly marked. "So you have been on top of the Teton?" he said. "Yes," replied Hall, very blandly, "and if you have a taste for that sort of thing I should advise you to go up. The view is immense, as fine as the best in the Alps." "Pretty ingenious plan, that balloon of yours," continued the doctor, still looking black. "Thank you," Hall replied, more suavely than ever. "I've been planning that a long time. You probably don't know that mountaineering used to be my chief amusement." The doctor turned away without pursuing the conversation. "I could kick myself," Hall muttered as soon as Dr. Syx was out of earshot. "If my absurd wish to outdo others had not blinded me, I should havo known that he would see us going up this side of the peak, particularly with the balloon to give us away. However, what's done can't be undone. He may not really suspect the truth, and if he does he can't help himself, even though he is the richest man in the world." Strange Fate of a Kite "ARE you ready for another tramp?" was Andrew Hall's greeting when we met early on the morning following our return from the peak. "Certainly I am. What is your programme for to-day?" "I wish to test the flying qualities of a kite which I have constructed since our return last night." "You don't allow the calls of sleep to interfere very much with your activity." "I haven't much time for sleep just now," replied Hall, without smiling. "The kite test will carry us up the flanks of the Teton, but I am not going to try for the top this time. If you will come along I'll ask you to help me by carrying and operating a light transit. I shall carry another myself. I am desirous to get the elevation that the kite attains and certain other data that will be of use to me. We will make a detour towards the south, for I don't want old Syx's suspicions to be prodded any more." "What interest can he have in your kite-flying?" "The same interest that a burglar has in the rap of a policeman's night-stick." "Then your experiment to-day has some connec- tion with the solution of the great mystery?" "My dear fellow," said Hall, laying his hand on my shoulder, "until I see the end of that mystery I shall think of nothing else." In a few hours we were clambering over the broken rocks on the southeastern flank of the Teton at an elevation of about three thousand feet above the level of Jackson's Hole. Finally Hall paused and began to put his kite together. It was a small box- shaped affair, very light in construction, with paper sides. "In order to diminish the chances of Dr. Syx noticing what we are about," he said, as he worked away, "I have covered the kite with sky-blue paper. This, together with distance, will probably insure us against his notice." In a few minutes the kite was ready. Having ascertained the direction of the wind with much attention, he stationed me with my transit on a commanding rock, and sought another post for him- self at a distance of two hundred yards, which he carefully measured with a gold tape. My instruc- tions were to keep the telescope on the kite as soon as it had attained a considerable height, and to note the angle of elevation and the horizontal angle with the base line joining our points of observation. "Be particularly careful," was Hall's injunction, "and if anything happens to the kite by all means note the angles at that instant." As soon as we had fixed our stations Hall began to pay out the string, and the kite rose very swiftly. As it sped away into the blue it was soon practi- cally invisible to the naked eye, although the tele- scope of the transit enabled me to follow it with ease.