AMAZING STORIES 383 The Scientific Adventures of Mr. Fosdick By Jacque Morgan The Feline Light and Power Company is Organized (Concluded) mendous electrical pressure with which he was charged. A bolt of sheet rubber was passed in the next morning, however, and Fosdick set to work fashioning some insu[ulatin]g shoes for John L. These were [im]mpleted by noon and the fifty thousand morbid spectators that had come in by special trains breathlessly watched the experiment. Rubber- shod, the cat was dropped to the ground--and it survived. A great cheer went up from the crowd. This had no sooner subsided than Prof. Snooks realized that a terrible mistake had been made. Hastily grabbing a megaphone from a barker of one of the numerous side shows that had set up their tents everywhere, he addres- sed the crowd. He told them that John L. was at liberty charged with perhaps a hundred million volts of elec- tricity, and that contact with him could mean but one thing--death. In- stantly there was a wild commotion in the terrorized crowd and then a wild flight from the awful peril. By night- fall the railroads had deported thirty- nine train loads of people and, save for the few that could find rubber boots, the streets of Whiffleville were as lifeless as the shady paths of the neighboring cemetery. Rubber and rubber alone could pro- tect them against the deadly menace of John L. This, all realized. A thoughtless humanitarian, Bill Hitch- cock by the name, made rubber boots for his three dogs. One of the dogs that very afternoon, spying John L., set sail for him and although he man- aged only to touch the tail of the cat ha became charged with the deadly electrical pressure. And worse, the dog coming home rubbed noses with Hitchcock's other two dogs, charging them. With three electrical dogs and one electrical cat at large only the foolhardy ventured abroad. Casualties Multiplied and the Two Charged Subjects Are Still in Captivity WITHIN the next twenty-four hours there were a number of casualties. About nine in the evening Old Tige, the largest of the dogs, came in contact with a lamp post. The post was instantly fused off even with the ground and the gas became ignited, making a geyser of flame that shot a hundred feet heaven- ward. The dog died. Later in the night another one of the dogs ran against a barbwire fence, killing ten head of stock four miles away. That dog also died. At daybreak there was a loud explosion in the outskirts of the town. It is thought that this came from a cat fight in which John L. par- ticipated. At any rate he has never been seen since and to-day only a pa- thetic hole in the ground marks his probable last battlefield. The remaining dog was captured at great peril to life, and turned over to Prof. Snooks for experimental pur- poses. By gradually drawing off the electrical charge by means of a con- denser, the Professor in a week's time reduced the dog's pressure to approxi- mately five thousand volts and then the animal was further discharged by hooking him up to the town arc light system of fifty lamps which he main- tained in the splendid effulgence of over two thousand candle power for a period of nine hours and eleven min- utes before his power ran down. Mr. Fosdick and Mr. Stetzle are now living on two insulated stools in the laboratory of Doolittle College. Their potential is dropping at the rate of ten volts a day, and Prof. Snooks has calculated that they must remain there for the next 957 years, three months and two days before being fully dis- charged. It seems a great pity. THE END In Preparation: These stories will soon appear in "Amazing Stories." "A Columbus of Space" By Garrett P. Serviss "The Martian Way," By Capt. H. G. Bishop, U. S. A. "Vanishing Movies," By Teddy G. Holman "Advanced Chemistry," By Jack G. Huekels "The Diamond Lens," By Fitz-James O'Brien "The Second Deluge," By Garrett P. Serviss "Hick's Inventions with a Kick'," By H. Simon "The White Gold Pirate," By Merlin Moore Taylor "The Purchase of the North Pole," By Jules Verne Free to Ruptured Stop Aggravating Your Condition With Trusses Which Bind and Chafe. STUART'S PLAPAO-PADS are entirely different--being applicators mado self-adhe- sive purposely to keep the muscle restorative called "Plapao" constantly in contact with the affected muscles. No straps, buckles or obnoxious springs attached. When adhering closely to the body all grinding pressure is obviated; furthermore, slipping is impossible, so cannot chafe or press against the bone. Soft as velvet--easy to apply--inexpensive. In use by thousands for twenty years--most obsti- nate ruptures reported conquered in privacy of the home without hindrance from work. Awarded Gold Medal, Rome; Grand Prix, Paris; and honorable mention Panama Expo- sition, San Francisco. Process of recovery is natural, so afterwards no further use for trusses. Stop wasting time and money on old-fashioned trusses; close the hernial open- ing as Nature intended, so the rupture can't come down. It will cost nothing to test the PLAPAO--send no money, just the coupon with your address today. Plapao Co., 3725 Stuart Bldg., St. Louis. Mo. Name...................................... Address.................................. Return mall will bring trial of PLAPAO and illustrated book on rupture absolutely free. POSTALS 20 samples, 25c; 10 hold to mirror, 25c; 10 transparents, 25c; 5 bathers, 25c; all, 75c. Photos. Set of 20, $1.00; 4 samples, 25c. CENTRAL NOVELTY CO., 112 N. LaSalle St., Chicago, Ill. MIDGET NAME CARDS Trade Mark. Reg. U.S. Pat. Off. THE LATEST NOVELTY 50c. Per Book Each book contains 50 perfect little name cards, size 1 3/4 x 3/4, in genuine leather case. Choice of black, tan, green or red. A perfect name card. Name In Old English type. Price com- plete 50c. Send stamps, coin or money order. Satisfaction cuaranteed or money refunded. Agents Wanted. MIDGET CARD SHOP Desk D, Harrisburg, Pa. MAGIC Dice, $5.00; Cards, $1.25; Inks, $1.50; Magic Fluid for Transpar- ents, $3.00. Slick Ace Cards, $1.25; Factory Readers, $1.00. Sales Boards, etc. CENTRAL NOVELTY COMPANY 112 N. La Salle Street, Chicago, Ill. ENTERTAIN YOUR FRIENDS! POPULAR MAGlC contains thousands of entertaining parlor tricks, magical stunts and mystic novelties. A new set of tricks for every day of the year. 116 pages chock full of Tricks, Novelties, Mystic performances, Master sleights-of-hand, Gags, Disappearing acts. Buy a copy or order direct. POPULAR MAGIC PRICE 50c EXPERIMENTER PUBLISHING CO., 53 Park Place New York City COMMENCE $1900 A YEAR Travel--See Your County Men--Boys 18 up Mail Coupon Today, Sure Railway Postal Clerks FRANKLIN INSTITUTE Dept. T187, Rochester, N. Y. Sirs: Rush to me, without charge, (1) specimen Railway Postal Clerk Examination questions; (2) list U.S. Government jobs now open to men and women. Name...................................... Address..................................