348 AMAZING STORIES have broken." He raced back up the stairs. A deaf- ening buzzing filled the room. He jerked his door open and fired--once, twice, until the magazine was empty--the room was silent. Through the window he saw three silhouettes sweeping high across the night-sky and disappearing in the direction of the great woods in the West. In the chest there lay the four broken giant eggs..... A Call for His Colleague MEYER-MAIER sank upon a chair. "It's against all logic," he thought, and glanced at the empty revolver in his hand. "My delirium has taken wings and crawled out of the egg. What shall I do? Shall I call the police? They will send me to an alienist! Keep quiet about it? Look for the creatures? I'll call up my colleague, Schmidt- Schmitt!" He dragged himself to the telephone and got a connection. Schmidt-Schmitt was at home! "This is Meyer-Maier," sounded a tired voice. "Come over at once!" "What's the trouble?" asked Schmidt-Schmitt. "My African giant eggs have burst," lisped Meyer-Maier with a failing voice. "You must come at once!" "Your nerves are out of order," answered Schmidt-Schmitt. Have you still got the creat- ures?" "They've gone," whispered Meyer-Maier,--he thought he would collapse,--"flew out of the win- dow." "There, there," laughed Schmidt-Schmitt. "Now, we are getting to the truth--of course they aren't there. Anyhow, I'll come over. Meanwhile take a cognac and put on a cold pack." "Take your car, and say nothing about what I told you." Professor Meyer-Maier , hung up the receiver. It was incredible. He pressed his hand to his forehead. If the empty shells were not irrefutable evidence, he would have been inclined to think of hallucinations. He helped himself to some brandy and after the second glass he felt better. "I wish Professor Schmidt-Schmitt would come. He ought to be here by now. He will have an explanation and will help me to get myself in hand again. The day of ghosts and miracles is long past. But why isn't he here? He ought to have come by this time." Meyer-Maier looked out of the window. A car came tearing through the dark street and stopped with squeaking brakes in front of Meyer-Maier's residence. A form jumped out like an india rubber ball, ran up the steps, burst into Meyer-Maiers' study, and collapsed into a chair. "How awful," he gasped. "It seems to me, you are even more excited over it than I," said Professor Meyer-Maier dispiritedly while he watched his shaking friend. "Absolutely terrible" Professor Schmidt-Schmitt wiped his forehead with a silk handkerchief. "You were not suffering from nerves, you had no hallucin- ations. Just now I saw a fly-creature as large as a heifer falling upon a horse. The monster grew big and heavy, while the horse collapsed and the fly flew away. I examined the horse. Its veins and arteries were empty. Not a drop of blood was left in its body. The driver fainted with fright and has not come to yet. It is a world catastrophe." Notifying the Police "WE must notify the police at once." A quick telephone connection was ob- tained. The police Lieutenant in charge himself answered. "This is Professor Meyer-Maier talking! Please believe what I am going to tell you. I am neither drunk nor crazy. Four poisonous gigantic flies, as large as horses are at large in the city. They must be destroyed at all costs." "What are you trying to do? Kid me?" the lieu- tenant came back in an angry voice. "Believe me--for God's sake," yelled Meyer- Maier, reaching the end of his nervous strength. "Hold the wire." The Lieutenant turned to the desk of the sergeant. "What is up now?" "A cab driver has been here who says that his horse was killed by a gigantic bird on Karlstrasse." "Get the men of the second platoon ready for immediate action" he ordered the sergeant, and turned back to the telephone. "Hello Professor! Are you still there? Please come over as quickly as possible. What you told me is true. One of these giant insects has been seen." Professor Meyer-Maier hung up. He loaded his revolver and put a Browning pistol into his col- league's hand. "Is your car still downstairs?" "Yes I took the little limousine." "Excellent--then the monster cannot attack us." They rushed on through the night. "What can happen now?" inquired Professor Schmidt-Sshmitt. "These giant flies may propagate and multiply in the manner of the housefly. And in that case, due to their strength and poisonous qualities" continued Professor Meyer-Maier, "the whole human race will perish in a few weeks. When they crept from the shell they were as large as dogs. They grew to the size of a horse within an hour. God knows what will happen next. Let us hope and pray that we will be able to find and kill the four flies and destroy the eggs which they have laid in the meantime, within fourteen days." The car came to a stop in front of the Police Sta- tion. A policeman armed with steel helmet and hand trench bombs swinging from his belt tore open the limousine door. The lieutenant hastened out and conducted the scientists into the station house. "Any more news?" inquired Meyer-Maier. "The West Precinct station just called up. One of their patrolmen saw a giant animal fly over the Teutoburger Forest. Luckily we had war tanks near there which immediately set out in search of the creature." The telephone-bell rang. The lieutenant rushed to the phone. "Central Police Station." "East Station talking. Report comes from Lake Wieler, that a gigantic fly has attacked two motor boats." "Put small trench mortars on the police-boat and go out on the lake. Shoot when the beast gets near you." The door of the Station-House opened and the city commissioner entered. "I have just heard some