The Freewoman , made THE Freewoman A WEEKLY HUMANIST REVIEW No. 38. Vol. II. THURSDAY, AUGUST 8, 1912 Threepence ("Registered at g.p.0.1 Las a Newspaper.J Editor: DORA MARSDEN, B.A. CONTENTS Page The Growing Ego 221 Topics of the Week: Insurrection and Political Reform 223 "The Freewoman" Discussion Circle 224 On the Utility of Art. II.—Practical Application of the Foregoing Theories. By Madame Ciolkowska 225 An Unholy Trinity. By E. K. Guthrie 227 Page Mongeham. By E. H. Visiak 228 The Souteneur. By Donald Campbell 228 The Cause of Financial Panics. By Arthur Kitson 229 The Life History of Mary Smith, M. A. By Helen Hamilton 231 Comrade Love. By Henry Bryan Binns 233 Page Correspondence: The Problems of Celibacy 234 Nationalisation of Medicine 234 Mother-Interest and Child-Training 235 Spinsters and Art 235 "The Idea of God" 235 The Money Question 235 Birds and Capital 236 Interest 237 Mr. Norman and Mr. McKenna 237 THE GROWING EGO. I. WE return again to the train of thought we opened up in "Concerning the Idea of God." We are compelled to do so. Religious differences alter not merely the avenue of approach to the problems of Life; they alter the content of what is proffered as Life. They are, for instance, accountable for the profound differences which have found vent in the recent unsavoury eugenist business. Different views as to the destiny of human life explain why we are wholly at variance as to the best means of furthering it. People who say easily," You take the poetic view of Life, the religious, while we take the biological, the scientific," are unprepared for the reply that therein lies a universe of difference. Yet it is so. We are seeking the meaning and purpose of Life, trying, if possible, to catch a hint of its method, and men are turning to hens and guinea-pigs for the hint, saying, "This is the method we prefer. This is the scientific method." And all the while the Spirit of Life has found speech and is giving utterance to itself. Nowhere else, save in man, does Life give its own version of itself. It discovers its own soul and predicates itself. For the first time it says, "I am," and describes Itself. Not its shell, its framework, but its own Spirit. "Religion, poetry, unreliable emotion," grunts the scientist, and turns again to the farmyard. Yet we may surmise that, should the fowls begin to find tongue, with an "I am, I feel, I hope, I believe, I foretell," the scientist would drop his data on the particulars of the law of trans-missibility of physical characteristics, and listen. Yet here are the poets, gripping Life at its in-tensest moments, and enabling it to divulge its mystery. " But this way is so uncertain," urge the scientists. "It has to deal with spirit, something of which we are unsure, something unverifiable, possibly a mere spook, a figment of overheated brain." But we started out with the idea that the Life-hunt was the hunt in search of the Spirit. Even in the farmyard it is the spook which draws the scientist thither. The chickens, devoid of the spook, dead chickens, even with their transmitted characteristics full upon them, have scant data to give him. The mystery and the miracle of the live chicken has been enacted, the spook has been and gone, and the transmitted physical characteristic has had nothing to say about it. But in the poet the spook itself gives voice. It describes itself, and it has nothing to say about its inherited characteristics. When it says "I am" it bespeaks its independent separate existence. It has nothing to say of pigments, physical qualities and what not, nor of any inherited characteristics. It knows only itself. The ways of the scientific interpreters of Life are, indeed, passing strange. They ignore the stupendous, and abase themselves before the trivial; they ignore the book open before them, written in language they may hope to understand, and strain their eyes tracing out blurred hieroglyphics of a forgotten past. We have just laid aside one of the profoundest of human documents, Max Stirner's "The Ego and his Own." A correspondent has asked us to examine Stirner's doctrine, and shortly we intend to do so. Just now we are more concerned to overcome its penetrative influence on our own minds, by pointing out the abrupt and impossible termination of its thesis rather than to point out its profound truth. Sapient, grey-clad truths follow close-pressed one upon the heels of another, wearing the sincerity of unstudied reflection. It reads almost like an old man muttering. From point to point Stirner moves on, deposing all things and all powers in order that he may enthrone the Ego. The entire conceptual world, the complete thought-realm he attacks and overcomes and lays at the feet of the Ego. Morality, religion, God, and man are all brought low. They no longer rule as external powers influencing the Ego. To the Ego they are as his footstool. Scarcely so, indeed, for, save as error, they do not exist. The Ego is supreme, and reigns in his lonely kingdom. His joy lies in self-enjoyment, he reigns over himself; his business is "to use himself up." It seems a strange anti-climax, at first sight—so great means, and such small ends. The solution, we must believe, is to be found in the unfolding of the content of the term—the "Satisfaction of the Ego." If the Ego is supreme, its satisfaction is a necessity. What it seeks after it must find; what it wants it must have. If its satisfactions do not already exist, they must be created. Hence, if the Ego needs the realisation in itself of morality, or religion, or God, then, by virtue of its own supremacy, the realisation will be forthcoming. What is at fault appears to lie in the Ego itself. For a supreme ruler it is desperately humble. It has suffered from the dominion of external authority for so long, and it has thrown external authority but so recently that it is timid about acknowledging any authority—even its own! Now that it is called to rule royally, to assert its own nature, it finds clinging to it all the old habits of the beggar and the supplicant. Now that it has only to ask in order to have, it is betrayed by its only feeble nature, which asks, "But do I want anything?" Even should a few timid wants put out their feelers, a harsh word from authority—scientific authority, if not religious or moral—is sufficient to make them draw in. Only those rare, positive persons whom we call personalities dare claim their kingdoms and claim their own satisfactions. Personality is the living equation of genius. As a quality it stands for first-hand revelation of the nature of things in the soul of the individual. Translated into form, it is the work of art, great or less great, according to the degree of initial revelation. When a man has it, consciously, he cannot ignore it. He uses it, because it would burn his heart out did he not. He becomes a prophet, a revealer, a philosopher, or a poet. When he has not got it, he is bewildered. If his faculties are acute, he goes about picking up data, examining materials, trying to pick up hints, reading other people's books, and making a rehash of the lot to make another of his own. In short, he becomes a scientist If he is clever, honest, and industrious, he can pack together some very interesting things, especially if he happens to pick up a penetrating truth from the revealers. So we return to the Ego and its wants. If we wish to learn them, and so learn its nature, we must turn to those persons who have a positive Ego, sufficiently sure of itself to speak out its wants—to the poets and creative thinkers. These we find saturated with the idea of God in some form or other. This idea rises spontaneously out of the Ego, quite apart from external authority. Let us agree with Stirner that God neither postulates nor controls the Ego. But the Ego does postulate God, and this notwithstanding all arguments to the contrary. "Never mind the argument. I am telling you what I know here," is the reply of the personality to the scientist. Just as, could we imagine communication of thought between lower forms of life, a scented rose with a sense of smell might argue with a scentless rose, without the sense of smell; just as the organism, on the eve of acquiring the first beginnings of an eye, and troubled with the intimations of the sense of sight, might argue with one who had no such sense, so is the positive personality troubled with the foreboding of a god-to-be, a god arising out of himself. He has the same flashes of illumination; the same transitory gleams of spiritual realisation; the same unsatisfactoriness in fixing his impressions and in telling how he caught the gleam, and of his chances of seizing it again. Of one thing only is he sure, and that is that the evolution lies in the spiritual part of him; that it is not connected with the organs of sight or sound or any of his organs of sense. He knows that it is a tension in the personality, in the individual soul itself; that it has no meaning apart from the soul that has created it Destroy that individual soul, or dissipitate it; destroy its self-consciousness and its sense of Unity and Uniqueness, then the Tension of the Soul, the Feeler Outwards into the Beyond, is destroyed with it. For the tension was born of that very uniqueness, part and parcel of its development. Very well, then, this seems the line of human and superhuman development There appears to be no new development of physical faculty. The original endowment grows less rather than more. We have not the strength of vision of the bird, the sense of sound of a horse, the sense of smell of a dog. All contrivances for overcoming nature we have handed over from the realm of tooth and claw to the realm of the machine. The "improvement" is accumulated and preserved in a form external to us. There is no physical "point" for which we can breed; there is no new sense developing, unless it be the self-conscious sense, a sense which is co-extensive with personality and soul. If, therefore, mankind is to go on and not back, or out, it has to save itself through the strengthening of Personality. The problem of the age and of the Race is, then, nothing other than how the Personality may be developed and made secure in itself. For there is this aspect of Personality to be considered. It is Unique. It cannot be transferred. It cannot be shared. It cannot be divided. It is itself or it is nothing. This is the hard nut for the scientific breeders to crack—it cannot be reproduced. It can only go on developing itself. If, therefore, "aiders " of the Life Force are seeking to surpass Man, they will have to readjust their ideas to this perverse line of development in the human species, this "sport" in the latest phase of evolution, this indissoluble, indivisible Personality. Perhaps they will then see as little likelihood of producing the Superman, through continued reproduction of the human species, as we expect to produce a man by continuous reproduction of Apes. And if they see no likelihood of God—Superman—emerging out of the Immortal Personality, we are at a loss where they will turn for encouragement. If the hint is not here, it is nowhere. TOPICS OF THE WEEK. Insurrection and Political Reform. THE Dock Strike is over, and labour, like a badly mauled dog, is licking its wounds and reflecting on the conduct of war. It is considering whether it is more effective to wage political war or industrial. Some say one, and some say another. Others say both. It is worth while looking into the matter while affairs lie quiescent. What is the motive of the Industrial Uprising? It is that the great body of men and women shall become their own masters. It is better to put the matter positively like that than to put it negatively as a desire to be released from slavery. Better for this reason, that slavery is protean in form. A tremendous struggle to release ourselves from one form of slavery results in nothing more than subjection under a newer form. A man may be a slave and be unaware of it, because it is comfortable slavery, and because his condition is referred to otherwise; but he can be in no doubt as to whether he is his own master. The "free labourers" who did the dockers in during the recent strike might shout themselves purple proclaiming they were free, but even they would hesitate to say they were their own masters. "To be our own masters." It needs repeating, as its implications are not all self-evident, for it is something the vast majority of us have never been. It is clear the farm labourer is not his own master. It is equally clear that the mechanical labourer is not. Nor is his overseer, nor the manager, nor the manufacturer. A political agent is not; nor is the member of Parliament, nor the Cabinet Minister, nor yet the Prime Minister. A journalist is not, nor an editor, nor yet a publisher. We are, all of us, puppets on strings. We dance to the tune of those who control money. If, then, we are to be our own masters, we have the task, not merely of ridding ourselves of those who control money, but the task of destroying those characteristics in money which lend themselves to the establishment of mastery over other men. To this double task of destruction the advisers of labour offer two methods of treatment—the one political, the other economic; and up to the present the political method has been viewed with most favour—why, we will afterwards show. Let us examine the political method. The first thing to remark about it is that, as a means to an end, it is not adapted as like to like. The labour to be effected lies in the field of economics. The political method has at its command only means which the underlying activities of economics can subvert at any moment. In any community the politics of that community are a mere superstructure, built upon the economic base. Politics fall into corresponding place after, and according as, economic factors shape themselves. Politicians, even though they would, even though their own economic concerns were not involved in the situation, politicians could not make profound economic changes in a community. To make the attempt is to court the futility which always results from efforts to make the tail wag the dog, and even though—shall we say?—Mr. George Lansbury were Prime Minister, and every seat in the House was occupied by Socialist deputies, the capitalist system being what it is they would be powerless to effect anything more than the slow-paced "reform," of which the sole aim is to make "men and masters" settle down in a comfortable but unholy alliance. They could not by any political action break away from capitalist control. Nor could any modern State. Every modern State is in pawn, in debt up to the eyes with the capitalists. The capitalists own the States. A handful of private capitalists could make England or any other country bankrupt in a week. We have said that the political method is selected by preference. It is easy to see why. It is only a less important factor that labour's spokesmen's jobs are bound up in the political method. If that were all, it would be a trivial prejudice to overcome. Already labour treats these same spokesmen with very scant respect. Mr. Ramsay Macdonald, for instance, could leave England, never to return, and labour would stand, stolid and unmoved, unless, maybe, moved to speed his departure. The workers have no illusions on scores such as these. The reluctance against dropping the political method is founded on something deeper. It is founded on the reluctance of the individual to shoulder the responsibility of "belling the cat" himself. It is easy enough to be revolutionary by proxy, by elected representative, no less. Welcome as well as brave is the music of the distant drum. It is when it draws near that things begin to look uncomfortably like business. No, in this fight which is to make each his own master, restore to each man his freedom of will and freedom of action, the act of taking possession has to be committed by the would-be master. Masters are created in that way, and in that way only: by taking up the mastery. Mastery cannot be conferred; it must be assumed. The money-slave has to work out his own freedom. He himself will have to strike the blow. Puerile to the point of incredibility is it to believe that a mere expression of opinion, such as is involved in the turnover of an election, will effect a change of dynasty, or the removal of the last dynasty. The kingdom of heaven has to be seized by force. A cross on a ballot-paper will not do the deed. The ballot-paper man will be potent to effect just what those who balloted him in are prepared to put into effect by force. And his word will not be taken for it, that they are prepared to put opinions into effect. They will have to carry through the deed and prove it. Where, then, is the use of the "elected representative"? For it is to be remembered that it is not the drainage of Bumbledon nor the water supply of Slocum we are dealing with. It is the destruction of the most powerful, most compact, and most subtle governing class the history of this planet has ever seen, with which the slave-peoples have to deal. Is it thinkable that men of the calibre of Ramsay Macdonald and his flock, even though their numbers were increased in geometrical progression to the twentieth power, would be powerful enough to defeat it? It is not. They fail in spirit and in understanding. Increasing their numbers is like multiplying ciphers—from now through eternity nothing. A man who had a glimmer of understanding of what this situation needs would quickly have his answer ready for those who invited him to represent them. "Do you take me for a fool, or worse ? This fight is your own, that of each and every one of you. I cannot carry you to victory on my shoulders, nor can any man. The fight for mastery is each man's own. Only when each man is ready to, say, 'What I need I will take, and hold, myself,' can this fight be waged." A man who understood would, but it is to be doubted whether there are ten men in England sufficiently aware of the nature of the struggle that is to be waged to be able to state the position to the workers in straight terms. Yet the dockers were magnificent. It would seem that a short space of unblinking regard for facts would make them understand that it is not the thing, humanly speaking to wait ten weeks for food. There are animals which can live from gutter to rubbish-heap, but man should not be one. As long, however, as dockers and others in like position consider it good enough, what can we all do but acquiesce? As soon as they decide finally that it is not good enough they will make an end of it. They will make an end of it, not some scapegoat of a proxy and "elected representative." Scapegoats are misleading as factors in social salvation. They are mere symbols—-good enough when nothing is at stake, but real needs demand real deliverers. The individual is his own, sole, real, deliverer. This is why insurrectionary revolution is a different affair from political revolution. The latter reshuffles the cards for a fresh game. The first changes the game. When a man thrusts up his demands and says, "I must have," mere argument is at an end. The situation allows of no reshuffling. All there is to do is to hit him, throw him down, remove him, or—give him what he wants. It is a truth of human record that men have only given up what they thought worth retaining when they have been convinced it was beyond their power any further to hold it. Possessors do not abdicate; they do not step dowln when invited; they try their strength with the new claimants. In this present struggle the capitalists have weighed up the political claimants and all things political, and are rightly of opinion they could carry about with them the sum of political force in a watch-pocket. What did "Lord Devonport" care for the politicians? What did D. A. Thomas in South Wales ? And still less do the still greater financiers— the Pierpont Morgans, the Rothschilds, the Rockefellers. The only person who can make capitalists have a care is the individual who, grubbing like a blind mole in a hole, toiling on ceaselessly because he lacks the spirit and the brain to straighten himself and say, "Why should I work ? Work, yes, but not like this. Work for myself, and for any for whom I may choose, but for others, willy-nilly, why should I?" Should the worker pull himself up and question himself thus, the capitalist would care. This would be insurrection, and it is just the insurrectionary part of Syndicalism which is half its genius. It is because it is insurrectionary that it is infectious, and because it is infectious it makes for solidarity. Solidarity is the other half. In face of solidarity on the part of convinced insurrectionary rebels, even capitalists can take in their breath and prepare to fight. For fight they will, if only in the oblique fashion of making the workers, while only as yet half-convinced, fight among themselves. Their courage may be nothing, but their cunning is great, and their power is the second greatest thing in the world. The greatest is the roused indignation of the human soul, alive and alight. They count on it being sunk and dead. Mostly they are right, but once or twice in the tale of human story they have made a miscalculation, and have found their true place. In view of what we have said, it is futile to question further as to our opinion of the respective methods of insurrection and political reform. If the spirit of the serf is wholly crushed and fireless, it is outside common sense to talk of insurrection. Therefore try Political Reform. You may so fan the fires into life again, and some future age may make them free. But if it is surely alive, if insurrection is already there, then feed it lavishly, in joy and thankfulness. There is nothing of which we can think, in a lifetime not devoid of joy, which produced so exultant a thrill of joy as the news that the dockers turned on the Strike-breaking Committee with contempt. That any can hesitate a moment in grasping where the genius of this situation lies, we find it difficult to comprehend. That which was feared dead is alive. Serfs have become men. "The Freewoman" Discussion Circle. THE eighth meeting of the Discussion Circle took place on Wednesday, July 31st, at Chandos Hall, when Mrs. Gallichan read a paper on "Problems of Celibacy," Mr. E. d'Auvergne acting as chairman. The paper proved a most interesting one, and gave rise to many questions and a good deal of discussion. Mrs. Gallichan succeeded in touching upon almost all of the most important questions connected with female celibacy, and in a very suggestive way showed the main causes which tend to produce celibacy. It seemed clear from the evening's discussion that those present desired further opportunity for thinking out the matters raised by the speaker in her address, and it is suggested that this subject should be continued in a group discussion after the holidays. The evening proved one of the most interesting the Circle has yet had, Circle meetings are now suspended until September 4th, when Dr. Drysdale will speak on " Neo-Malthusianism." The group discussion on "Sex Oppression and the Way Out" was concluded on Wednesday, July 24th. Other group discussions will be started when the Circle meetings recommence. B. LOW (Acting Secretary) THE FREEWOMAN NOTICES and TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION EDITORIAL Letters, etc., intended for the Editor should be addressed : 9, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C. Telegrams to address below. PUBLICATION All business communications relative to the publication of THE FREEWOMAN should be addressed, and all cheques, postal and money orders, etc., made payable to the Publishers, STEPHEN SWIFT &amp; Co.. LTD.. 16, King Street, Govent Garden, London, W.C. Telegrams to " Lumenifer, London." Terms of Subscription .-—Yearly, 14s. ; Six Months, 7s. ; Three Months, 3s. 6d.; to any address in the Postal Union. ADVERTISEMENTS All orders, letters, etc., concerning advertisements should be addressed to the Manager, THE FREEWOMAN, 16, King Street, Govent Garden, London, W.C. NOTE:—The Office, 9, John Street. Adelphi, W.C, will be open in August during the following hours only: Monday and Tuesday, 10.30 a.m. to 12.30 p.m.; Wednesday and Thursday, 2 p.m. to 5 p.m. Inquiries at other hours to be made at 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.C On the Utility of Art. II.—PRACTICAL APPLICATION OF THE FOREGOING THEORIES—(concluded). "What useful occupations outside their scholastic tasks could be provided in these days, where every human need is answered by machinery ?" you naturally ask. There is hardly a single form of artistic manual craft practised before the introduction of machinery which could not be revived in modern form. Naturally, such manual industries as are merely automatic exercises should be left to scientific improvements, but the crafts requiring, or allowing room to, invention and taste, such as all manner of design, or such as give more durable, seductive, and varied results—for instance, certain woven materials, embroideries, lace work, carving, binding, illuminating and even printing, carpentry, wicker, cane, and rush plaiting, knitting, every kind of needle work, inlaid work, wrought metal, pottery— in fact, all those crafts requiring some degree of "art," and which, from being hand-made, gain in character, and, having been infused with life, give forth a magnetic attraction which, for a mysterious reason, contributes to their preciousness. * Such teaching should not be peculiar to technical schools, but should be imparted in all educational establishments in an elementary form. The child, having thus been given an opportunity to test his natural inclinations and aptitudes, will then seek to perfect them in industrial schools especially designed for training specialists. Thus will every child be provided with a form of "pleasurable" work, the exercise of which will prepare him to take other tasks which life may have in store for him as pleasurably as they permit, or will at least provide a relief from those which, by their nature, cannot, by any stress of the imagination, excite his interest. Such labours are inevitable in the present, and, doubtless, will be in the future, and the best must be made of them by alternating them with other occupations less arid, and recreations less debasing or trivial, than are his at present. This is all that can be said in a general essay not claiming to be a treatise on the introduction of art in scholastic life. Woman's share as a social reformer through the artistic principle is considerable. It would, indeed, seem to be boundless. I refrain from enumerating all the opportunities of influence that suggest themselves, and know that if I attempted to I should, nevertheless, omit many. In her dress: by keeping it always in harmony with her self-respect, her station in life, her means, her physical character, and the requirements of her life—in this sphere alone she has every opportunity of revealing- her artistic sense, and of applying her own invention or that of others. If she would satisfy the spirit for which I plead, she will never yield to the easv, lazy, and unsuitable solutions of deliberate, unadapted plagiary in past fashions, unsuited to our modern environment and manner of life, and, therefore, in contradiction with the rules of harmony, consequently with artistic principles. She will realise that "fashion," while not being a god, is not entirely the folly wise heads often say it is, but one of the few manifestations left to us of the present day of our aspiration towards perfec- * This education would be completed by liberal courses in natural history, physiology, drawing, gardening, cooking, dressmaking, and the usual lessons. The superior classes might be instructed in the history of art ("fine" and "applied"), costume and aesthetics generally. t The instruction of artistic manual crafts among children has recently given wonderful results in Germany. tion. If fashion does not always satisfy the artistic spirit that is because the artistic spirit is weak at that particular time, and it changes, not only perhaps for commercial reasons, but because it seeks to keep in tune with the period and its exigencies. At any rate, an attempt at cohesion (which the artistic spirit prefers to indiscriminate variety) is a quality we must recognise in that fashion which is the cause of so many errors, artistic and otherwise. When our modern lady is imbued with the artistic spirit she realises that the smallest cottage, if decorated in accordance with her artistic conscience, can hold its own against any luxury. She will know that, if it contains objects only fitted to their purpose, she will have no reason to envy a single neighbour or to fear an appearance of sordid-ness in her house. It is "trash," that is, objects with ornamental aims but no decorative realisations, or utensils which are not useful—probably machine-made articles—which produce a sordid effect. Well-ordered simplicity, the right thing in the right place, nothing superfluous—nothing that is neither useful nor justifiably ornamental—useful by its beauty—and the artistic principle is wholly satisfied, and with it, I think, the heart's content, for when the reason is satisfied the eye is pleased, and when the eye is pleased the temper is soothed. With this conception of the material aspects of life, so much envy, painfully fed ambition, so much anxiety, so much vain striving is successfully avoided, and so much independence gained. Even among women who are born poor the effect of the education imparted to them during childhood, as roughly proposed in the foregoing pages, would soon make itself felt. It would teach them, first of all, how to dress, and this, quite apart from the purely artistic aspect, but on account of its large share in the domestic economy, is an extremely important consideration. In addition, being "poor," j women have no idea how to dress. They have, like j men, lost the custom—and this change coincides with the modification in social strata and opinions— of clothing themselves in suitable accord with their occupation in life; but they have not, like men, known how to substitute the loss of a symbolic garb by a uniform in harmony with the period. Thus their heterogeneous apparel affirms them in the rear of their times, and a step behind men in this particular phase.* Considering that social distinctions are being planed down, and against this inevitable circumstance we cannot make opposition, women will have to come to some kind of understanding with regard to their clothes—an understanding which will adapt them to practical needs while satisfying the artistic principle. Both aims are perfectly reconcilable. Have we not said that an object well adapted to its purpose cannot be ugly? For this reason men's fashions are not by any means offensive to the artistic principle, as people with artistic pretensions so often say they are. The fault in the modern man's clothes does not reside so much in their uniformity as in their gloom. They are expressive of our modern ennui, but this fault will naturally amend itself with a new conception of life, such as we here preconise. If a crowd of modern men is ugly by its monotony (or, rather, by its gloom), a crowd of modern women is hideous by its discord. Fashion tends to introduce an agreement in colours and forms, a suitability of adaptation; but by its instability it defeats its own commendable ends. But so long as a costume entirely satisfactory to modern requirements is not determined upon, so long must * The "tailor-made" costume demonstrates a serious and wholly laudable attempt in this direction. fashion change, for there is, as we have said, not only a commercial reason for its caprice, but some slight degree of ideal aspiration must also be sought in them. Why does an Eastern crowd always charm us? Because, notwithstanding its variety, there is nevertheless harmony. Not the roughest sensibilities can deny the beauty of a reconstitution of a Greek or Roman crowd, and everyone is fascinated by a mediaeval pageant, and, for the same reason, subconsciously realised, that fancy here is always subordinated to certain invariable rules—it is imagination, inventiveness kept in curb by reason. The unpleasant effect on the optical organs, and consequently upon the entire mental and physical systems of a modern European crowd in the street or at a social function, is experienced by everyone. To it may, perhaps, be traced a large share in our nervous disorders, for inharmonious and aimless lines and discordant colours produce—like cacophony or constant agitation—restlessness and irritation; while well-ordered lines—lines guided by the reason, colours not accidentally heaped together or depending on chance for their balance—reflect their qualities on the mind, and consequently on our physical organs. We do not, as a matter of fact, half often enough study the importance of beauty—that is, symmetry and harmony—in its relation to health, for health, being a condition of beauty, beauty is reciprocally a condition of health. Here, you see, art again illuminates science, and the artistic principle, as a curative factor in so-called nervous complaints, suggests itself as the subsequent urgent study to be taken up by our doctors. By their preconisation of open skies and green vistas for the allaying of many neurotic disorders they humour the poetic fancy and approach a theory which only needs to be more generally applied to be complete, for the perception of beauty in nature is an expression of the artistic temperament. And if the artistic temperament is not bred of, or concomitant with, love of Nature (a circumstance hardly conceivable, for where the one is in embryo, the other must at least lie latent), it cultivates a love for Nature by its sharpening of the senses and education of the intelligence. And the love of Nature, its recognition as an infinite source of pleasure, interest, and occupation, is of the greatest individual and social benefit. But it cannot be forced on people; it must come to them like a revelation, as must all convictions. No one is a successful missionary of art or Nature, of religion or ethics, save among those who were ripe for conversion; but what can be done is to have the courage of one's convictions, and each time the wind blows favourably to our course it is probable our lead will be followed. To create a popular enthusiasm in the artistic idea it is necessary to propagate it without preaching it. Words are but words, and lessons but lessons. We have learnt that more instruction can be imparted to children in play than in earnest. Grown-up people are big children, and must be interested and diverted — not given profitable games, that is the pill in the jam. The deception only succeeds the first time. If work has been made as dull as possible nowadays, so has play. Sports (in England) have become professions. Spectacular performances (in England) usually hit considerably below the average mark of intelligence. They are generally an insult to the modern educational and intellectual standard. One finds, as one meets them in the course of life, that apparently dull individuals are generally more intelligent, and apparently bright ones less so, than one at first supposed them to be. If it is difficult to form an exact estimate of, the different elements composing an individual, so is it entirely impossible to form an estimate of the intellectual or emotional faculties of a crowd composed of incalculable elements. Among the so-called uneducated classes is many a superior and highly cultivated mind; among the so-called educated classes are minds of incredible childishness. Therefore, when creating or presenting a work of art, is it always a mistake to consider the intellectual standard of the public, a mistake, especially, to despise it? One can never sufficiently respect the public. It will return your esteem in one of two unexpected ways—either by appreciation or by depreciation. Better be depreciated because you aimed too high than because you aimed too low, especially from a public whom you despised. It is preferable to be dissatisfied with your public than with yourself. The amusements supplied by our purveyors of public entertainments do not answer to a demand. The public asks for nothing; it takes what is given it. It has neither time nor opportunity to formulate its opinions and tastes on such matters; and the entertainments provided are based on the principle that the public is a simpleton. (You will have observed that the people who are ready to judge others as simpletons are simpletons themselves.) Now, if you want to treat an individual as though he were a blockhead, you must climb down to that standard yourself; if you treat him as though he were intelligent, he will endeavour to deserve your regard, and you must yourself be on the watch. Like our popular journalists, our popular entertainers take the public for a fool, and consequently makes it one, for the public is a highly impressionable quantity—impressionable exactly in proportion to its size. Now, an intelligent or beautiful spectacle is never entirely lost, whereas one appealing to the coarser or more childish faculties is mere waste when not actually harmful. There is no public in the world which, as a unity, can seize all the wisdom and charm of a masterpiece. But no work of art has ever been created, or ever will be, which is not within someone's reach, as there is none which anyone can claim to grasp in all its phases. For the sake of that single righteous one whom we might erroneously condemn, for the sake of the enlightened one who will discover an aspect in a work of art worlds and centuries might miss, who may commune one instant with its spirit, let us acquit a thousand fools by aiming above their heads. After all, by standing on each other's shoulders, they may perhaps obtain a glimpse of those inaccessible summits which it is the triumph or conceit of some to have reached alone! But this is a sarcastic and deprecatory point of view, wholly unworthy the regard we all owe each other. Unworthy, too, the artist who, having unlimited aspirations, does not proportion contempt of others to his own self-esteem. For an artist is too self-centred, too haunted by anxiety to measure the receptive capacities of the public, and he is not a fortune-hunter whose mind is occupied by public demand. Such cannot be artists, for an artist's efforts are all concentrated in his strain after perfection. They are not artists or propagators of art, but agents who prostitute art to their own polluted standard, and thus corrupt the innocent and offend the informed. No artistic utopist requires our purveyors of public entertainments to become philanthropists, or even to make the slightest financial sacrifice. Their business naturally is "business." Now, their usual complaint is that their profits are below appearances. If so, failing, as they admit they do, to attain the personal ends for which they aim, why do they not endeavour to discover what a very much higher standard of art can produce in the way of financial profits ?* But from elements deprived of the artistic sentiment we cannot expect its realisation, so it is rather from new sources that we must hope for a renaissance which will develop along a parallel line with existing conditions, and, far from fusing with them, will soon leave them behind. Conclusion. The duty we claim from the modern artistic spirit is to introduce a festiveness into life by exalting it, by sharpening those faculties of perception which bring us into consciousness with ourselves, and which, through correspondence with the mainsprings or soul of life, permit us to rise above it, to emancipate ourselves from its trivialities, and thus to become, at least, our own masters. For art is "a widely spoken language," and by its culture we may hope to enter upon a "wonderful order, penetrating into the laws" of life and its very "habits of decorum." In form, therefore, lies progress. MURIEL ClOLKOWSKA. An Unholy Trinity. TURNER, Whistler, Watts at the Tate Gallery. Watts, Turner, and Whistler; Whistler, Turner, and Watts. They seem to be mixed up just like that. Room V. is set apart for Whistler, and the Wattses and Turners are on all sides of him. The combination is not pleasant. It was an excellent thing to arrange this loan collection of Whistlers, and those who proposed the plan and carried it into execution deserve great praise. I only wish that the other artists I have mentioned were not so much in evidence, for the effect is odd. Whistler is represented by thirty-eight works in oil, pastel, and water-colour, and we cannot grumble at the small number when we find that it includes a version of the "Artist's Studio," the "Valparaiso," "Miss Alexander," "At the Piano," and "The Fire Wheel," and a few other nocturnes. A mere glance at the titles in the catalogue will, I am sure, cause more emotion in artists and critics than the dead-and-alive canvases of Watts, Turner, Stevens, etc., in the rooms adjoining. The very word "nocturne" recalls twenty years of fierce artistic controversy, spiced with the Ruskin lawsuit and the letters to "Atlas" and others. Most of the participants have now disappeared for ever, and a decade after Whistler's death we find a loan exhibition of him in one of our official galleries. Early neglect, contempt, and subsequent veneration—the tale is no new one in art or literature, and it will be repeated again and again. So there are two points of view from which we may look at these pictures. We may consider them simply as works of art, and judge them accordingly, or we may consider them as works of art in relation to what British artists were doing in the latter half of the nineteenth century. The second point of view throws considerable light on the first. We find Whistler, in the early stages, practically a * As far as England is concerned, they are constantly surprised by the unforeseen success "artistic" performances usually meet with. t Walter Pater. pariah. In subject, form, technique, he differs entirely from every other artist in England, and most of his life was spent in fighting for his own principles against those of his enemies. What it would interest us to know is, How far was Whistler actually justified in his sneers, and how far do his principles hold good? Now, Whistler's most emphatic sneers were reserved for what he called "the British subject," and the main principle he set forth was the principle of selection. He objected to sentimental pictures, and he could not tolerate the anarchy which allowed Turner, for example, to daub glaring sunlight colours over the canvas. A work of art, to Whistler, meant something much more than the florid display of British virtues. Indeed, he himself has so well expressed his views that I need not even formally apologise for quoting from the section of the "Gentle Art," headed "Propositions," and from the "Ten o'Clock ":— That in art it is criminal to go beyond the means used in its exercise. That the space covered should always be in .proportionate relation to the means used for covering it. A picture is finished when all trace of the means used to bring about the end has disappeared. To say of a picture, as has often been said in its praise, that it shows great and earnest labour, is to say that it is incomplete and unfit for view. Industry in art is a necessity—not a virtue—and any evidence of the same, in the production, is a blemish, not a qualiity; a proof, not of achievement, but of absolutely insufficient work, for work alone will efface the footsteps of work. The work of a master reeks not of the sweat of his brow, suggests no effort, and is finished from its beginning. The completed task of perseverance only has never .been begun, and will remain unfinished to eternity—a monument of goodwill and foolishness. Nature contains the elements, in colour and form, of all pictures, as the keyboard contains the notes of all music. But the artist is born to pick, and choose, and group witlh science these elements, that the result may be beautiful—as the musician gathers his notes, and forms his chords, until he bring forth from chaos glorious harmony. It need not be supposed that I wish to contend that the thoughts set forth in these aphorisms are original, for many of them, I admit, are far from being so. But they have seldom been expressed in so concise a form, and assuredly they were new to nearly every artist and critic in nineteenth-century England. Whistler, before setting them down in writing and publishing them—which was not done until relatively late in his artistic career—had tried to act up to them, and it is no wonder that his works called forth complaints from his confreres and from the Press. Now, Turner and Watts are typical of what critics of Whistler's period liked to see in painting—a fact which, at the present day, can hardly be written about with patience. Turner is without form and void, and, as for Watts, I have only to reiterate what I said in one of the first articles I contributed to this paper. To look at the Whistlers in the Tate Gallery, after surveying the others, is to gain the elements of an artistic education. Whistler never took up a stock "British subject," such as "Derby Day" or "Hope." The only analogous subjects he touched were the Venetian scenes, and here his originality prevented him from dealing with Venice in the "British" manner. But in his portraits and nocturnes and symphonies, above all, he was most un-British. He tried to make the cultured public realise that colour meant something in itself, apart altogether from the subject—hence titles like the "Nocturne in Blue and Green " and the "Symphony in White No. 2." Naturally enough, the critics were puzzled, and, as naturally, they proceeded to belabour the unfortunrate being who had been responsible for puzzling them—a characteristic of critics, or, at any rate, of the inferior type of critic, ever since criticism existed. Did not Zoilus complain of Homer? Tom Taylor and 'Arry and all the others who fell under Whistler's satire were clearly out of their depth. They could criticise one of Constable's horses and carts or one of Turner's sunsets, for they had seen these things and were familiar with them in real life. Here was a new artist, however, who paid no attention to details, and who actually explained to the judge in the course of the Ruskin lawsuit that his object in painting one of his most celebrated nocturnes was not to depict men and women or carts and horses or barges, but rather to "bring about a certain harmony of colour" —nay, he even made a virtue of this. It may be said that we cannot now work up any indignation over this antiquated criticism, because we have advanced, and most writers on art would have no difficulty in placing in their proper order of merit men like Watts, Turner, Whistler, Botticelli, and Velasquez. But I deny emphatically that we have advanced an inch. It would be inexcusable on the part of modern art critics not to be able to recognise the merits of Whistler and Velasquez when compared, say, with Turner and Botticelli. But how were the Futurists criticised when their works were exhibited in London? How were the so-called Post-Impressionists criticised ? There is only one word to express it: they were criticised atrociously. These two "movements," I may say, meet with my hearty disapproval—in general. But there were one or two meritorious persons connected with them, and the work of these meritorious persons, though exhibited in London, and though differing considerably from the work of other Post-Impressionists and Futurists, was not recognised by our critics here. Besides, these movements represented an interesting artistic revolution, and, to some extent, a reaction; but this feature of their work was likewise overlooked. So I say to readers of the freewoman, these Whistlers at the Tate Gallery are well worth a visit apart from their intrinsic value. I had a word more to say about their intrinsic value, but I must say it on a future occasion. I will only add now that we have not advanced very far in art criticism, and a study of these works of Whistler is necessary before we can understand why. E. K. Guthrie. MONGEHAM. O haven of my thoughts, by childhood's spell enchanted! Oft, 'scaped from 'prisoning moods, my spirit has haunted The high-banked road's ascent in dusky shade, The trellised house, the garden where I played, And that great summer palace in the wall: Now from those coloured panes the witch-lights fall, Gleaming in cornflower blue and sun-flushed cinnamon, Cast from unfathomable deeps, and wizard skies Wherein long since I gazed with a child's eyes, Glamoured with magic of its soul's reflection. The world is bleak and sad. O life is wan ; And ecstasy is but a recollection. We are too wicked grown. Yet our waned eyes May still, through coloured glass, see Paradise. E. H. VlSIAK. The Souteneur. IN Ancient Greece philosophers were hailed among and supported by the intellectual hetairae. In mediaeval times the bonas robas became the natural allies of thieves and led-captains. Nowadays we have only recently seemed to have realised the presence of the souteneur in this moral England. By frequenting the Leons and mackerels of the West End, one cannot get a fair idea of the reason that induces unfortunate women to provide food and money for these most uninteresting individuals. I will revert to the man-mackerel, his places of repair and his habits later, but the most interesting thing about him is the reason that causes women to support him. An American gambler, one of the most educated "crooks" I have ever met, put me in the way of obtaining a satisfactory explanation. "See a woman about it," said he, "an educated woman, who is worldly wise enough to know her own weaknesses as well as those of other people." So it came about that I sat at tea in a finely furnished flat in Mayfair, while my hostess talked and told me truths that she had discovered by personal experience. A man, well dressed enough, but of a distinctly undesirable type, was hovering about till she packed him off with no more courtesy than one might use towards an intruding tramp. When he had gone, she turned to me and, with a most charming smile, said: "That is my boy; I pay him a pound a day and buy his clothes and occasional jewellery. He was, at one time, a waiter in a cheap restaurant." "But why do you, a woman of culture, education, and looks, support a brute like that?" She smiled again. She was a charming Viennese, had been governess in a great Russian family, spoke perfect English and good French, rode well, fenced well, could pass as a grande dame—did so, in fact. She shrugged her shoulders. "Qu'est ce que vous voulez, mon ami, I adopted him just as I would have some brutal stray dog. Most women of my status do the same thing, though for different reasons, for women are as different from one another, as men are, though men are slow to recognise this. The woman who rises from the streets, the illiterate woman, will keep a man with some pretence of education so that they can point to him with pride. 'My Fritz was a bank-clerk,' or 'My boy has been on the stage.' The men write these women's letters, look to their finances, transact their business. I—well, I hire a companion just as I would hire a servant. As long as he does not steal or grow unduly violent, I tolerate him." "But if you want to live with a man, you surely can find some one man among your friends who is willing and rich enough to keep you, even marry you." Again she smiled, nay, laughed. "You do not understand me," she said. "I could marry to-morrow, a very nice boy, too, who is rich; but I should not be glad for long. I should revert to some brute who caught my fancy. Nostalgie de la boue, call it what you will. When I am old and past the vanities of the flesh I shall retire. I save money now and have few illusions left." Another woman, of quite a different status, had a different motive for keeping a man. She was a Frenchwoman, about thirty years of age, who had wandered in the plague centres of the world and acquired the wisdom necessary to her unfortunate profession. In spite of her hard eye and greediness of money, she had a very tender spot in her heart for her "boy," a mongrel mechanic, a species of cowardly Apache. She told me frankly about him, and I stood abashed before this woman's ill-expressed but deep devotion to the male in question. Another woman, of the type known as the Ascot Lady, a tall, handsome English girl, keeps a Viennese chauffeur, who works at his trade, but banks the money he receives from her. She tossed her head and stated openly that Oscar could make money, that he has brains (which happens to be true), and that if she chose to give him presents, that was her business. Oscar came in and openly boasted that she was not the only one who gave him money, but that she was a "good kid." There are many cases where a good-looking woman, who may be "kept," will adopt some young man who pleases her. Often, he may continue to work for a living, but she will subsidise him. The ordinary professional souteneur seems to be recruited from foreign waiters, but a large percentage of undesirables were ordained to be so from their earliest youth, for they were brought up in an atmosphere of evil, and learnt to sneer at those who work honestly. They abound in Lisle Street clubs. There is a public-house just off Oxford Street where the entire saloon bar clientele is composed of souteneurs from the Tottenham Court Road neighbourhood. A regular girl-exchange exists near Kenton Street, by Russell Square. A public-house in that vicinity is frequented by "racoleurs," that is to say, pullers-in, who meet strangers in search of adventure, and introduce them to women. It is to be hoped that the White Slave Traffic Bill will successfully deal with the souteneur in London, who now bids fair to become quite an important part of our social system. Donald Campbell. The Cause of Financial Panics. WHEN a merchant accepts money for his goods, he receives it believing he can exchange it again for other goods he may need. He accepts it in expectation of its future redemption. Here the element known as "credit" enters. Credit is denned as "expectation of future payment for property transferred or promises given."* The person who sells goods expecting a future return is said to sell on credit. The seller is termed a creditor and the buyer a debtor. The amount due the seller is to him a credit, and to the purchaser a debt. Credits and debts are merely two aspects of the same thing. Every credit is a debt, and every debt a credit. Whenever a transaction occurs, in which one party receives satisfaction and the other * Webster. does not, the latter is said to receive credit in place of satisfaction. This credit entitles him to satisfaction at some future time. We may define credit, therefore, as the expectation or anticipation of satisfaction. Credit and debt are merely the two poles of satisfaction, credit being the positive and debt the negative pole. Thus, if we estimate a man's wealth we place the plus or positive sign in front of every credit, and the minus or negative in front of every debt. Every commercial transaction must necessarily take one of two forms, either the barter or credit form. Goods are exchanged for goods or for credit; the direct exchange of one commodity for another is barter; and wherever this does not take place, credit takes the place of one or other commodity. Practically, all the commerce and trade of the civilised world is done upon a credit basis. Credits may be divided into two classes: stationary and circulating. Circulating credit is money, but it is customary to apply the term credit exclusively to the stationary class. Thus, if in exchange for goods supplied, a man gives me his promissory note, payable six months hence, and I am unable to use it to purchase other goods, or get others to accept it in payment of debts owing by me, the note remains with me until mature ; it is stationary. Such a note whilst in my possession is simply a credit note, it is not money. If, on the other hand, I can pass it to obtain the satisfaction I desire, the note, being current, is currency or money. Credit is purchasing power. Now, purchasing power may be special or general; it is general whenever it is generally transferable and acceptable. Thus, legal tender represents general purchasing power; i.e., it is generally accepted throughout the country by all people in payment of all debts. On the other hand, a mere promissory note which is not generally negotiable is an example of special purchasing power. It is given to' a particular person in payment of a special debt, and cannot be used by that person until maturity, owing to his inability to pass it on. All commodities have special purchasing (power, and the exchange of commodities for money is the transformation of special purchasing power into general purchasing power. Circulating credit is, therefore, general purchasing power, and stationary credit is special purchasing power. For instance, railway and theatre tickets are credit notes representing special purchasing power. They are redeemable in railway journeys and admissions to theatrical performances; and since they are not negotiable, and cannot be used to purchase other commodities, they are stationary credits. Although it is customary in trade to distinguish between money and credit, yet, as we have seen, they are of precisely the same nature. Strictly speaking, credit is the general term of which money is a species. One often hears a so-called cash business contrasted with a credit business, as though the two were of opposite character; the truth being that cash is only a higher and more general form of credit. "They are each a right or title to demand something to be paid or done by someone else. No one can compel another to sell anything for money or credit. When, therefore, any person has voluntarily taken money in exchange for anything, it is in reality only credit; because he only takes it in the belief that he can exchange it away again." (Macleod.) The attempts of Governments and legislators to make of money a commodity is nothing more nor less than an attempt to destroy the chief function of money. The idea that money must be "something valuable," "something having intrinsic value" in order to constitute "honest" money, shows a less than an attempt to destroy the chief function for if money is a valuable commodity, if it is, per se, an equivalent for the goods purchased, it cannot represent a credit or a debt. If in return for goods I give their equivalent in "full value," there is no element of credit whatever; the transaction is a barter transaction. Now money does not enter into barter. Instead of an exchange of present satisfactions, the use of money involves the exchange of an immediate satisfaction for a deferred satisfaction. All commodities represent immediate satisfaction; i.e., they themselves satisfy human wants and desires. Money and credit are merely the symbols of or rights to satisfaction; hence, when the commodity appears, satisfaction accompanies it, like a man and his shadow ; it is no longer deferred, it is present. Therefore, "commodity money" is a contradiction in terms. Hence gold and silver coins of "full value" are not, scientifically speaking, money; they are not representatives of debt. The worth of the gold and silver which they contain cancels the debt which, as money, they represent. We have now to see the effect of the credit system upon commerce. By far the greater part of the world's commerce is done on a credit, as distinguished from a cash basis. A report from a representative house, referred to by Macleod, shows that "specie did not enter into their transactions for little more than 2 per cent." This was on transactions of upwards of £ 1,000,000. "A similar investigation, instituted by some bankers, resulted in the fact that specie only entered into their operations to the amount of 4 per thousand." It has been estimated that the amount of credit in use in Great Britain is at least £5,000,000,000, the amount of coin and notes being about ;£ 120,000,000. In the United States not more than 2 per cent, of the business done is on a cash basis. The creation of this enormous volume of credit—stationary credit*—has been caused by the absurd restrictions which Governments have placed upon the issuance of money. Industry, which is always naturally ahead of finance, demands a greater volume of currency than exists anywhere; and since money is scarce, industry calls credit into play. In fact, were it not for the credit system, commerce and industry would decline to where it was a century ago. John Law said: "The introduction of credit augments the quantity of money more in one year than a prosperous commerce would do in ten." It has been shown by J. S. Mill and others that the effect of credit upon prices is the same as an increase of the volume of the circulating medium. Since credit affects the supply and demand of money, just as an increase in the amount of money would do, it is obvious that prices must be affected to the same extent. "In a state of commerce in which much credit is habitually given," says Mill, * It will be understood that when speaking of credit in contradistinction to money I mean stationary-credit, money being circulating-credit. The former is usually insecure and not properly backed by sufficient wealth. It is this form of credit which is so uncertain, so dangerous. "general prices, at any moment, depend much more upon the state of credit than upon the quantity of money. For credit, though it is not productive power, is purchasing power; and a person who, having credit, avails himself of it in the purchase of goods, creates just as much demand for the goods, and tends just as much to raise their price, as if he made an equal amount of purchases with ready money." So Macleod says: "It is the enormous creation of credit in modern times, in the form of banking credits and mercantile credits, which has so prodigiously raised the prices of products, and diminished the rate of interest, in the last two centuries, in this and many other countries. It is the quantity of credit in modern times which chiefly determines the price of products ; and variations in the quantity of credit produce more changes in the prices of products than any variations in the quantity of gold and silver; and it is the abuses of credit which produce these terrible calamities, termed commercial crises and monetary panics, which we shall have to investigate afterward." The cause of these calamities, however, as I shall hereafter prove, is quite the opposite of what Macleod and other economists would have us believe. It is not the abuse of credit that creates these calamities, it is the scarcity of money. It is the interference of legislators and Governments with natural operations that causes financial trouble; the attempt to compel people to do the impossible, viz., to transact the entire business of a nation upon a single commodity basis. It is the result of attempting to redeem credits in one particular commodity, instead of in all; it is the attempt to drive the camel through the eye of the needle. In the chapter on Price I have shown the cause of the phenomenon known as a general rise and general fall of prices, which is due to the fluctuations in that which is used as the denominator of values. Referring to the example there given: tea is selling for 60 cents per pound, wheat 75 cents per bushel, iron 25 dollars per ton, silver 90 cents per ounce. Now, since the dollar is the common denominator of values, the price form of these commodities is as follows:— Tea Wheat Iron Silver in pounds in bushels in tons in ounces 0.60 0.75 25.00 0.90 1.00 (one dollar) It is apparent that the values of these fractions vary inversely with the denominator. If by artificially restricting the supply, the value of one dollar should increase to two dollars, the above fractions are changed as follows:— Tea Wheat Iron .Silver .60 .75 25.00 .90 2.00 The price of tea is now 60-200 cents, or 30 cents per pound, instead of 60 cents. So the price of wheat has fallen from 75 cents per bushel to 37 1/2 cents. Iron has also fallen 50 per cent, in price, viz., from 25 dollars per ton to 12.50 dollars per ton, etc. Thus, the effect of increasing the purchasing power of the denominator is to decrease the price of all commodities; and if the denominator is increased 100 per cent, there is a general fall in prices of 50 per cent. And conversely, a fall in the value of the denominator results in a general rise in prices. Now, to the general public, there is never apparently any change in the value of money; a dollar is always a dollar, it is never two dollars. Hence, to the average mind, a general fall or rise in prices is as mysterious as a shooting star, and is popularly regarded as one of those "inscrutable mysteries of Providence." If the denominator decreases, prices rise, and this is supposed to be the result of a favourable "dispensation"; if the denominator increases, prices fall, and this is a judgment, "the result of the Almighty's displeasure!" The effect of monopolising and restricting the supply of money is, however, precisely the same, so far as it affects the purchasing power of money in relation to some one commodity, as the monopolisation of that commodity. And as the "honest" money advocates make of money a commodity, the results are the same. A bushel of wheat is always a bushel of wheat, it is never two bushels. Yet we know that at one time we can purchase two bushels for the same sum that at another time we pay for one bushel. This is precisely the same with dollars. Whilst one dollar never becomes two dollars, the purchasing power of a dollar, at a particular time, has frequently been equivalent to the purchasing power of two dollars at another time ; so that whilst the denominator of values, the dollar, is nominally invariable, its purchasing power varies, and the effect on prices is exactly the same as contraction or inflation. Here is the insidiousness of our present monetary system. If money were expressed in units of purchasing power, possessed by it at one particular time and place, in reference to all commodities, such a system would register variations in the commodity which circulates as money. Then the general rise or fall of prices would be shown in the denominator. But as the dollar or sovereign is the standard at all times, its fluctuations are registered in commodities, and, instead of the dollar rising and falling, to the public it appears that it is commodities that are fluctuating, and that these fluctuations are due to the commodities themselves. In the price form, therefore, the denominator is always apparently constant. It is always represented by one dollar, or numerically 1.oo. It is the numerators, the commodities, that are seen to undergo the change. Thus, tea drops from 6o cents to 30 cents per pound, and wheat from 75 cents to 2,7\ cents per bushel, whereas, as a matter of fact, these commodities have probably never changed one iota under the influence of supply and demand. Instead of the price form appearing, as shown above, where the purchasing power of the dollar has increased, thus:— Tea Wheat Iron Silver .60 75 25.00 .90 2.00 it is always represented thus:— Tea Wheat Iron Silver 30 37* 12.50 45 1.00 Now the determinant of value is, as we saw when discussing the subject of value, the relation of supply to demand; and the causes of variations in the values of commodities are variations in the supply of or the demand for commodities themselves. Where the demand for a thing increases, the supply remaining constant, the exchange power increases; where it decreases, its exchange power decreases. And, vice versa, when the supply increases, the demand remaining constant, the exchange power decreases; and when the supply decreases, the exchange power increases. Where the supply is kept always in excess of the demand, there is no variation. Where the supply is unlimited in comparison to the demand, values disappear. ARTHUR KlTSON. (To be continued!) Reprinted from "The Money Question," by kind permission of Mr. Arthur Kitson. The Life History of Mary Smith, M.A. IV.—As Many Things. WHEN she was twenty-four, Mary, encouraged by her former head mistress and other instructresses, made up her mind to adopt a profession. How could she justly claim to be an efficient citizen, with its corollary, the right to be recognised as a person in the eyes of the law, unless she received money for her services? She decided to become a schoolmistress. In this way, whilst receiving a salary, she would be able, by her influence and teaching, to add fresh recruits to the army of serious-minded women ready to carry on the great fight for progress and reform. Her father protested as usual. "Look here, Mary," he said. "You profess to be working for the woman's cause. Yet, by taking up paid work, when you needn't do so, you are probably keeping another woman out of work, entirely dependent, perhaps, on what she may be able to earn. The best work is not necessarily that which has a money-wage attached. Why not go on with your unpaid work ?" "Father," replied Mary, "I must assert my dignity as an individual. I cannot be a parasite upon you. I must have economic independence." "Economic independence be hanged!" growled her father. "Why is it more dignified to take money from an employer than from a father ?" Mary did not waste more time in futile argument She took up a post in a London High School. Now that she no longer lived at home, she was able to adopt a vegetarian diet. How could one be spiritual-minded and actuated by lofty ideals if one fed on such coarse and degrading diet as the flesh of slaughtered animals? Besides, men were almost invariably meat-eaters and gross feeders generally. No wonder they were so unspiritual and slow to appreciate the great work of regenerating society which highly educated women were heroically and devotedly undertaking in the face of great difficulties. So Mary lived on the fruits of the earth and the products of Mr. Eustace Miles' Restaurant. She got very thin and fine-drawn—the triumph of mind over matter. She worked extremely Hard in school and out. "Women must work though men may weep," she wittily remarked once. She drank a great deal of tea. It kept her going. "Better wear out than rust out," was her admirable motto, observed faithfully by herself and her pupils—the latter under compulsion. She discovered that the more you work, the more you can work. Indeed, so active was she that she found it impossible to rest. She was a great believer in the theory of mens sana in corpore sano. Consequently she became a member of a eugenic society. She attached due importance to physical development, and therefore played hockey and insisted on her pupils doing the same. Moreover, this game had two other advantages. Running up and down a field violently for an hour and a quarter made her very tired, preceded and followed as it was by much hard work, and by ignoring this condition of extreme physical fatigue she felt she was subduing the flesh, that impediment to things spiritual. The other advantage lay in the fact that it was a game into which the masculine element need not intrude. Neither she nor her pupils would have dreamt, of course, of taking part in mixed hockey. She devoted much of her time to giving lectures to ignorant mothers on how to feed and rear their children. "Their ignorance in these matters is truly appalling," she said. Mary had a great friend on the staff. They shared a flat and each other's every thought. They were inseparable, and were known as Damon and Pythias. They asked nothing more of life—as, indeed, why should they?—than to live and work together for the Emancipation of Women. Did they not know how much more complete and independent life was if men, with their ineradicable selfishness, were kept out of it; and was it not their duty to preach this new gospel of freedom wherever they could? Mary had just been made president of a eugenic society when she fell ill. "Overwork," said her woman doctor. "You can't burn the candle at both ends. Mens sana, you know." V.—Mary Feels Out of It. To recover her shattered health and nerves, Mary was advised to go to Switzerland for the winter sports. She meant to be on her guard against the enervating influence to morals and intellect of puerile frivolity, characteristic, so she understood, of these Swiss resorts. Her bosom friend and scholastic colleague went with her. During the journey Mary experienced a feeling of vague discomfort, a sense of being an alien—so many men were bound for the same destination as themselves, and seemed on such friendly terms with the women—and this feeling deepened on reaching their destination. Everybody was so cheerful and animated, so obviously and whole-heartedly bent on amusement, as if life was meant for enjoyment rather than serious, strenuous work. After lunch they went down to the rink. It was thronged with skaters, some performing alone, Telegrams—" Lumentfer, London." Telephones—Gerrard 6+49. Price Sixpence, Every Wednesday. it is recognised universally that THE ONLOOKER IS THE SMARTEST ILLUSTRATED TOPICAL AND SOCIETY WEEKLY PAPER. The Onlooker Abroad.—Copies are always on sale at the leading Kiosks, Newsagents and Railway Station Bookstalls of all the most important Cities on the Continent and Egypt. terms of subscription: UNITED KINGDOM - - 28/- ONE YEAR FOREIGN .... 35/- Including Double Numbers and Postage. All Enquiries and Remittances should be forwarded to 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.C others in couples and in the middle, solemn people, gyrating round oranges. Many visitors were sitting in seats along the edge of the ice, basking in the warm sunshine. A band was playing a popular waltz tune. In spite of the beauty of the surroundings, their movement, warmth and colour, Mary felt that sense of desolation and loneliness creeping over her again. She noticed a group of young men and women, laughing and chatting, as they tried, with poor success, to do some intricate figure. She wondered what it would feel like to be on such friendly terms with men, and found herself wishing that she was one of the merry, intimate party. She gave a little involuntary shake, as if to free herself from a degrading thought. "Look at those two skates," said her friend. over there waltzing on "They must have spent an enormous amount of time practising to be so good at it. What a waste of energy and effort which might have been devoted to some good cause! What a mercy you and I can never drift into leading such aimless, shallow lives!" The next day they decided to try ski-ing, and went to a slope near the hotel frequented by beginners. So far they had spoken to nobody and nobody had spoken to them. Some of the women looked quite nice, Mary thought; but she was shy about making any advances. Her friends were all earnest professional workers like herself, and she had neither the time nor inclination to mix with other sorts of women. Besides, they would certainly be frivolous-minded and interested in men and clothes. Mary and her friend shared the usual fate of the ski-ing novice. They fell uphill and downhill with equal impartiality, and tied themselves into the most intricate of knots. Once Mary's skis came off. "May I help you?" said a man. "Thank you," said Mary icily," I can manage by myself." The ultimate success of the Woman's Movement depended, she had been told, on men being made to realise that women could get on quite well without their help. They had not attended any of the numerous dances which had taken place in the hotel during their stay. Mary suggested that they should go to one on the eve of their departure. "Just to see what they are like," she said, knowing in her heart of hearts she was being impelled by a feeling which she neither understood nor approved of. They sat watching the dancers for some time. An M.C. came up and asked if they would care to dance. Mary, who had often danced "man" at school and at college festivities, found herself saying she would. She was amazed, and so was Pythias. A man who had arrived that day, friendless and alone, was accordingly introduced. Mary, when she felt her partner's arm round her, was overcome by a sense of shame, as if contact with him were a degradation. She was glad when the dance was over. All desire to be at one with the other inmates of the hotel vanished. They sat down, away from her friend, and Mary made up her mind to use her opportunity to sow some good seed in the frivolous mind of this empty-headed young man. "Are you in favour of Woman Suffrage?" she asked. "Oh—er—yes," replied the man. Mary noticed he was looking rather wildly round the room. " Then you agree that the country would be much better and more fairly governed with the help of women ? she insisted. "Oh—er—yes," answered her partner. " We may expect more from the Liberal Government, with its high ideals, than from the Tories. Do you not think so ? "  "No—that is—er—yes," agreed the man. "Isn't it jolly out here ?" he went on hurriedly. "The sun and the snow and all that sort of thing. Are you staying long ?" "We go' to-morrow," answered Mary. "Thank—I mean, I'm so sorry," said her partner. VI.—At Forty-five. Mary at the age of forty-five had been for some years head mistress of a large and nourishing high school. "I hold in the hollow of my hand the destiny of five hundred girls," she said, in a moment of confidence, to her great friend. The possession of power and authority seemed to her the most desirable guerdon of life, which women had only won after a prolonged and severe struggle. She wrote a pamphlet called "Women and Power," in which she demonstrated with great skill and eloquence that women, far from being temperamentally un-suited to the wielding of authority, were in reality far more fitted for it than men. She presented a copy to each of her pupils. She was elected to the Town Council, and made it a matter of principle to oppose every suggestion propounded by her masculine colleagues. "Men must be kept in their place," she said, "and then women have a chance of imposing their views." Once Mary, very subtly and with a hidden purpose, suggested that the police force should be composed of women as well as men. Why should the enforcement of law and order rest solely with males? The proposal was vetoed by the men town councillors on various trivial and prejudiced grounds. Mary withdrew her suggestion on condition that no married woman should be eligible to stand for election to any public body. The men agreed. "They didn't want their wives," etc., scoffed Mary. Her reason for introducing this measure was that she had discovered long ago that, reactionary though men undoubtedly were, married women were fifty times worse. She sat on various boards and committees; indeed, her life was one long round of work in the service of her fellow-citizens, and if they were not all efficient it was not her fault. She became a member of the Free Library Committee because the safeguarding of the morals of the young person was very dear to her heart At her suggestion a by-law was passed prohibiting the issue of Shakespeare's plays to any person under thirty years of age. Persistent ill-health sadly interfered with Mary's career as professional worker and efficient citizen. "You do too much," said her woman doctor. " Between you and me, I am beginning to think that women can't work as hard as men. They haven't the necessary physique. Of course, I would never admit this in public, .or men would hurl their usual taunt at us, "Woman's place is the home." But still, you oughtn't to be breaking up at your age." Mary would not admit this. "You know perfectly well," she replied, "that men are nothing but slave-drivers to their women folk. If I had stayed at home I should be worse." "Perhaps," said the doctor. "Well, anyhow," said Mary, "I have preserved my dignity and independence, which no married woman can pretend she has done." A few years later she was obliged to give up her work, scholastic and civic. She lived in a flat with her great friend. Round her sofa, upon which she had to spend most of her time, she would gather a band of young women and girls, earnest, high-souled, zealous for the Woman's Cause. "Oh, Miss Smith," they would say, if only we can live lives like yours!" Mary smiled. She had not lived in vain. She had taught others, by precept and example, that to be a professional worker and efficient citizen was the crowning achievement of a woman's career. Men could no longer claim sex-superiority. Helen Hamilton. COMRADE-LOVE. The world would either bid me turn and go Straightway from you, or bid me love you so As, when you welcome me, lifting your lids, I cannot, for the love of you forbids. Nor do these voices only cry without; Always within my brain the paths of doubt Are ready trodden for my will to take ; While, in the untrodden, many a treacherous snake Lurks for the venturer, hissing him aback From the rough country to the well-worn track. :; But if to love you truly seem but mad, And sober prudence to be good or bad Precipitately—(both the roads are plain, This way or that!)—if it be worse than vain To guess how, through the heather, we may fare, Or where arrive together—yet I care For this one only thing, that you and I, Loving each other in our own way, try Life's new experiment, refusing less Of life than scope wherein to prove what is This Stranger to the ways of fear—this Faith Defiant, that makes Death himself a wraith-— This Comrade-love that claims of me and you That to his living presence we be true. Henry Bryan Binns. OF ALL HIGH CLASS DRAPERS - AND STORES - IN LONDON AND PROVINCES. THE FROCKS FOR CHILDREN DouglaFrocs AND MAIDS send postcard for name of nearest retailer to "douglafrog" (c/o "freewoman"), 16, king street, covent garden, w.g. Correspondence. Note to Correspondents.— While quite willing to publish letters under noms de plume, we make it a condition of publication that the name and address oj each correspondent should be supplied to the editor—Ed. To the Editor of The Freewoman. THE PROBLEMS OF CELIBACY. Dear Madam,—Can you find room for the following remarks concerning the discussion on " The Problems of Celibacy " ? Mrs. Gallichan limited her inquiry to women, hence Ishall observe the same limitation in giving the following theory. The discussion ranged itself around that position wherein a large number of women, through neither fault nor desire of their own, are forced (unless, of course, they daire to be called dishonoured) to remain celibate. It seemed that, by a tacit agreement, this position was assumed to be thoroughly bad; but I should like to suggest a solution to the riddle of why this position should be in existence at all. Before anything can be done by way of the adjustment of sex relationship, the most elementary barrier must be broken down. It will be infinitely harder to sweep away the obstruction of prejudice and religious training than to overthrow the present economic system and substitute a society built on such a basis that no one desiring marriage will be prevented by lack of means. This latter is at once the most far-reaching and the most elementary barrier to the adjustment of sex relationship. Suppose, for a moment, that this system of society has been established, and the women left unmarried belong to two great classes: first, those physically unfitted for exercise of the "love" function, and in the second class those who, forming the superfluous number of women, have been unaible to find a husband to their taste or otherwise. Tihe first class, being abnormal, cannot be discussed under general principles, therefore we snail follow Mrs. Gallioham in confining our attention to the second division. For the benefit of this class, it was suggested by the speaker that, since second-hand clothes are more desirable than nakedness, therefore second-hand husbands are more desirable than none at all. Here I entirely disagree. The conclusion does -not, to my mind, follow, for clothes are the only means of covering our nakedness, but husbands are not the only means of answering the demands of passion. Man differs from the animals in this respect, that whereas the brute must follow its sexual instinct, man can, by the exercise of a power which raises him above the brute creation, divert the great force of sexual desire to purely intellectual processes: that is, so far the general principle. Now the existence of this superfluous unihusbanded class of women seems to me to be deliberately planned by nature for a specific purpose. We find that wherever women are admitted to sex intercourse to such a degree that the celibate class is practically non-existent, there the position of women socially, economically, and intellectually is of a low order. It is easy to pick out particular cases where this is not so, but I am speaking generally; for example, the countries which have legalised polygamy. Now, nature has designed the emancipation of woman; from being subject to man, she must rise to equality with him. The production of one child costs the woman at least three hundred times more time than it does the man; thus in order that woman may have any opportunity or time for the emancipation of her sex, which can only be done with intellectual weapons, the proportion of celibate women must be considerably greater than the proportion of men celibates. For the sexes to be equal in opportunity of intellectual progress, unhindered by sex cares, the proportion should be three (hundred to one. Mrs. Gallichan asserted that when women were as free for indulgence in sexual intercourse as men are, then we might expect women geniuses. But this view is quite the reverse of the actual facts, for it is because a woman's life is taken up so largely with sex affairs that she cannot rise to main's level. The class of unhusbanded women has been given the task of raising the fair sex out of its subjection. For such a duty the strength and energy ot passion is required. Can this task be performed if woman to any extent indulges in sex intercourse—overwise subjection to man? It may be urged that for this certain number of women to be forced to be the saviours of their sex by applying themselves to strict abstinence is to | inflict suffering and hardship upon the noblest of the sex. This may be, but this is no exception to the rule of progress. The price to be paid for emancipation in any department of life is suffering. Thus, unless someone is found to pay the price, the liberation of woman from her bondage is impossible. Feminine freedom can only be attained by this body of women fighting the lord-man with his own weapons. The existence of the class of superfluous women has made such a fight not only possible, but inevitable; women are forced to crush down sex, but in doing so they are able to use the greatest dynamic, passion, for the liberation of woman from the i domination of man. Nature, in her scheme of progress, demands sex equality; and thus she has given the opportunity, and in some cases the inclination, to break off the truce with the lord-man. Any suggestion of modified notions of morality appear, in the face of this conception of the problem, to be a sign of faint-heartedness on the part of those who have been chosen to fight for the emancipation of the sex. It is not becoming for the chosen pioneers of sex equality to cry out that they are debarred the pleasures of the irresponsible. There is a great future before "woman" if she will have it; but she must be prepared to pay the price. E. Noel Morgan. NATIONALISATION OF MEDICINE. Madam,—I ask your attention to the enclosed cutting, hoping that you will kindly allow it to be printed in your next issue of The Freewoman. Section 4 and 11 concern two of the letters in your issue of July 18th. As regards section eleven, it is part of a propaganda which I have carried on in the medical journals during twenty years, and often my articles on the subject have been placed first in these journals. Before this rough draft was printed in the Medical Times, I had several open-air discussions on the subject, and since it was printed in the Medical Times, several others, especially section eleven. At the present moment I will make no more comments on the subject, as the draft speaks for itself, and I do not wish to make too much demand upon your space. I think these sections give some new ideas bearing upon the subjects discussed in your paper, and which subjects I consider urgent. I hope to elicit discussion.—I am, madam, yours faithfully, J. Barker Smith, L.R.C.P. To the Editor of the Medical Times. Sir,—You have invited correspondence and opinions from those who view nationalisation of medicine with favour; just before your invitation I brought forward for discussion in a public assembly the rough draft of an appeal to the medical profession, which I now enclose. It was read out section by section as a preliminary to comments and criticism, as well as for amendment, and was placed before a non-medical audience. I sincerely hope that you will bring the same draft before a medical audience at this important juncture of medical affairs : To the Medical Profession. We, the undersigned, are desirous of approaching the medical profession, recognising that the members of that profession have the power to give effect to the definition of the political economist, viz., that men, women, and children are assets of the State, and should be born physically fit and with capacity. And that they should be enabled to lead useful and balanced lives in the service of the State, and as assets of the State. The points we would emphasise are these: 1. Heredity and environment are conditions which bear upon the definition; parentage and surroundings are some of the considerations. 2. We believe that the same healthy environment, physiological and hygienic, should be secured for all individuals at all times, which is enforced in schools, viz., cleanliness, air, cubic space, etc. 3. We believe that the medical profession alone is able to 'be the true voice of the people; it alone can speak with accurate language and knowledge of facts, especially as regards the body rights of human beings, food units of heat and functional needs. 4. The fact that medicine is using in its treatment more than a dozen animal extracts, of which one is orchitic or testicular extract, sterilised, but with the spermatozoa visible under the microscope, also ovarian extract, strongly suggests that the whole question of applied reproduction should, in the interest of the individual, the asset of the State, be considered carefully by the whole of the medical profession. 5. The feeble-minded, the weak, and the unfit are largely producing the race, and the fit, for various reasons, are abstaining from such production, to the great detriment of individuals and of the State. We believe that the physiological rights of men and women must be clearly stated by the medical profession. 6. At present our religion stands on the same agenda paper as delusional insanity, awaiting differentiation; as the pronouncement of modern psychology is very definite, as given in the works of Dr. Binet-Sangle and others, we believe that modern medicine is able to settle these matters. 7. The sciences connected with medicine, such as anthropology, archaeology, etc., giving an immense antiquity to the human race, together with the revelations of anatomy and physiology, give a higher claim for a proper consideration of man in his particular generation as an asset of the State. 8. Man should not be prescribed for without the necessary formalities being followed, which shall reasonably suffice for the diagnosis of his disease. 9. We regret to see that "starvation" as a disease has been in the "Nomenclature of Diseases" of the Royal College of Physicians for several decades, without attempts being made towards its removal as a disease in the same way as consumption and other wasting diseases. 10. A higher position must be taken by the medical professions; the profession must make its own environment, and not seek that of mere politicians, and it must secure the just rewards of all workers in medicine; in short, medicine must be nationalised in all its functions, pursuit, exercise, application, etc. 11. Whereas the medical profession has suffered unduly, sometimes, in the attempts to shield the honour of women in the matter of illegitimacy, and the highly educated medical man has been often penalised, although according to law. Here it seems that medicine has a great deal to do for its members and for the public. The very mothers are perverted in their maternal instincts and kill their children badly or barbarously. It is clearly the duty of medicine to force society to see that its conventionality is largely the cause of the murder of the illegitimates. Name of father, rights of inheritance of property, must be secured to these children; they must be made equal before the law. It is medicine alone which has morally protected the illegitimate in the past, and it must endeavour to replace the clerical licence by a medico-legal one, in which our main definition of man as a State asset should be considered. As this rough draft will be altered according to the discussions at the meetings held frequently during the ensuing summer to ventilate the different points, and before obtaining signatures thereto, it is earnestly requested that the readers of the Medical Times will criticise the various points brought forward. Such criticisms would help on the progress of medicine and the welfare of the medical man.— Yours, etc., J. Barker Smith, L.R.C.P.Lond. MOTHER-INTEREST AND CHILD-TRAINING. Madam,—I wish to put a question to Mrs. Ada Nield Chew, apropos of heradmirably lucid and thoughtful article on "The Economic Freedom of Women," in your issue of the 18th inst. I will begin with a quotation, " Wherever a woman's children are," says Mrs. Chew, "there is she, bound by cords which were forged in the primal past, and which she is powerless to break, even if she would. And she would not! The obligation to the child is honoured even by the slave-woman. It will be acknowledged and honoured by the freewoman as it has never been before." These remarks, if they stood alone, would be clear and definite enough; but (unfortunately, as I hold, for Mrs. Chew's purpose) they do not stand alone. In the very next column of her article they are followed by these : "The way to economic, social and national advancement would certainly seem to lie in frank recognition of the necessity for domestic work being placed where it can follow natural developments, so that xvifehood and motherhood can be divorced from the tyranny of primitive domestic conditions, and women may be enabled to earn iheir living, apart altogether from marital and parental relations, just as men do." The italics are mine. I think we are entitled to ask Mrs. Chew, on the strength of these two quotations, whether her ideal of economic freedom for wives and mothers permits of their continuing to look after their children (as the first quotation indicates) or encourages them to hand them over to someone else as soon as possible (as the second quotation indicates). It is obvious that the answer to this question, coming from a social worker of Mrs. Chew's standing, will be of great importance. It will, for example, determine for many people the attitude they are to take up towards the State endowment of motherhood. If mothers are still to tend their children, the endowment of motherhood will obviously be necessary to secure their economic independence of their husbands; but I can hardly imagine the State endowing a mother in order to enable her to pay a nurse to look after her child while she goes off to earn her living in a factory or office.— Yours, etc., R. C. F. Woods. SPINSTERS AND ART. Madam,—Will you permit me a word in answer to Rebecca West's "reply" to me in last week's "Correspondence " ? First, Rebecca West has misunderstood my use of the term "read" in my sentence, "I have serious doubts as to whether your reviewer can have read these novels." Perhaps it was my fault. I meant, of course," comprehended," not merely the mechanical act of reading, by "have read." I fear I still have my serious doubts, especially as my challenge remains unanswered. But let me assure your reviewer that I had no intention of libelling her by impugning her veracity. Secondly, Rebecca West has misread a sentence of mine. She refers to "X., the lady who is sure she would have loved Mir. Rochester." If she will look up my remark, she will find that I wrote that I was sure "that we should all have been magnetised by Rochester," a very different statement (though I think I should have loved him quite ardently, in all probability). Lastly, it is disappointing to find that your reviewer, since she takes the trouble to answer a serious letter, should not add the further trouble of trying to answer it seriously and in good faith. I still await that exposition on the male characters of Charlotte Bronte from the pen of Rebecca West. X. "THE IDEA OF GOD." Madam,—You have laid the lash on heavily, but, being meroifully possessed of a thick skin, I come up smiling, and present to you my definition of "doing good." This will, I think, be the point of view of the average person who has not the advantage of being a "serious student" or of possessing a degree. From such a point of view, to "do good" means to benefit your fellows, either physi-oally, mentally, or spiritually. This Christ did, and so have many other men done, although the combination of the three is rare, perhaps unique. Life is only complex because we make it so, and it seems to me that experience goes to prove that the simple mind, emptied of theories, is more likely to solve problems than the complex one. When all is said and done, it lis "the pure in heart" who "see God," and they require mo arguments, or, as Browning puts it, "'Tis we musicians know." A bystander. [We had no intention to "lay on the lash." We wished to be very clear; apparently we were not, as "to benefit others" is to us without definite meaning. A person is a serious student, not on account of, but in spite of, the accidental possession of a degree.—Ed.] THE MONEY QUESTION. Madam,—I expect that there are others who, like my self, hesitate to argue with Mir. Kitson, because they feel that, dealing with subjects that present real difficulties, he has got his mind going on a road which leads him to a lot of unnecessary complications. The plain, crude, State Socialist who says that if all the means of production (both land and oapital) were owned socially through the whole human race, through states, communes or trade councils, trade unions, or what you will, money would necessarily become solely a means for bartering conveniently, since no one would need to pay in order to borrow what they already possessed, and interest would thereby cease automatically, is surely arguing far more clearly and straightforwardly than Mr. Kitson. Indeed, I am tempted to believe that some dislike of equality of income or of equal rights to all property not necessarily privately used, prompts Mr. Kitson to adopt his perversely ingenious attack on the legal privilege conferred on gold coin. Mr. Kitson's attack on interest meets, of course, with my greatest sympathy. Why a man should be able to profit by his grandfather's industry and thrift, and not need to stand on bis merits, no unprejudiced observei can understand. The natural reward for not eating your cake to-day is that you can eat it to-morrow, but not that you can get a perpetual stream of cakes out of the labour of others while you do nothing, as Mr. Greevz Fysher so oddly supposes. I have admired many of the recent articles in your paper so much because of their straightforward attacks on the rich that I am the more sorry to see you, as it seems to me, needlessly complicating the main economic truths, a knowledge of which we must spread universally in order to force the multitude to rebel against the power of tlhe non-productive or parasitic class. I cannot but believe that currency evils are quite minor matters. Arthur D. Lewis. [It is probably because we also are individualists. We are sympathetic to the attitude of mind which asserts, but are sceptical of the practical application of "the socially-owned" theory. We welcome syndicalism as a "method" As a final theory, our views are different, as we shall make clear, we hope, in reviewing Mr. Lewis' book on Syndicalism. That does not prevent us from now being, shall we say, the more ardent supporters of the Syndicalists in England.—Ed.] BIRDS AND CAPITAL. Madam,—"A bird in the trees," says The Free-woman, July i8th, p. 165, "has not to be capitalised," and the truth of this particular statement need hardly be questioned. Almost all birds, it may be admitted, live not even from hand to mouth, because, with a few exceptions, like the parrots, they seldom use any portion of their structure as a hand to lift their food to their beaks. They mostly Live from earth or plant to beak. The birds, without storehouse or garner, are fed in times of plenty, but they starve in multitudes in severe winters. There are, however, several animals, and even plants, which, like bees, squirrels, potatoes, turnips, etc., hoard supplies of nutriment in periods of full life and of plenty to enable them to tide over seasons of torpidity and scarcity. Some of the hoarding animals exhibit what may very correctly be called rudimentary cognisance of "Intensely Conservative."—Review of Reviews. l Monthly. Monthly TO MODERNISTS. The Oxford &amp; Cambridge Review flings down the gauntlet (take it up who will!), and proclaims, in the face of all men and women, that it stands for the great principle of ORTHODOXY. That it may open the eyes of yet more persons to the fact that Orthodoxy is not Odious nor Outworn, that Cleverness is not Confined to Cranks, and that Christian Conservatism will indubitably Conquer. The Review will henceforth present itself to the public at the price of 1/- Net. August Number now ready. Annual Subscription. 12/6. STEPHEN SWIFT &amp; CO., LTD., 16, King Street, Covent Garden, W.C. "Continues to be a handsome and substantial publication.'' — Church Family Newspaper. the fundamental idea of private property, both in portable objects and even in land, as is the case in a specially marked degree with the harvesting ants. All these proprietary arrangements—monopolies, as-they are often loosely called—are held subject to the fierce struggle for existence, not only between different species, but between the various members of the same speoies. Man, when his capacity for abstractions became sufficiently developed, began to invent the idea of justice between the members of a tribe as a mightier weapon against outsiders. This idea is generally useful in avoiding the weakening of the group by internal strife. Briefly put, the kernel of justice amounts to this: each tolerates the appropriations of others of the same tribe or species on the assumption that the power of self-control of the others has so far evolved in them also that they will tolerate his proprietorship. The early bird is allowed to keep the worm. The Freewoman appears to argue that a necessary and useful revolt will arrive if capital be defined as money and then ruthlessly destroyed. But neither of these proposals is possible. Money is oapital, no doubt, but capital is other things as well. Useful reproductive wealth falls under two very distinct heads: land, together with all the implements of production in one class, and materials on the other. The later division constitutes what used to be called circulating capital. Its function is duplex. It forms the hoard of plenty, and it aids complete production by contributing to distribution in the process of exchange. It must be confessed that these two classes of useful wealth, tools and materials for manipulation and exchange, shade off into one another and overlap in several ways. The difficulty present to the mind of the writer of why revolt drags is that the hoard of exchangeable materials., including gold, is thought to be in some way inimical to the welfare or wealth of the productive classes. Tlhe most useful economic function of commerce is, of course, the exchange of services by division of labour. This, however, is very largely dependent upon trading in commodities which generally embody past services or labour. Labour itself as a subject of supply and demand is always disembodied, intangible, elusive, and future ; while material commodities are actually existent. It is conceivable that a valid, useful bargain to exchange services might be made without any transfer of materials from one party to the other. Thus a cobbler and a sweep might contract .that in exchange for the mending of the sweep's boots the cobbler's chimney should be swept, and in this, as in all other well-made contracts, both parties might make an actual profit if it were duly and honestly carried out. But unless the operations were simultaneous and synchronised both in beginning and ending, one of the parties would have to give the other some credit. If the cobbler could not work without his fire and the sweep could not work without his boots, or if the repairs or the sweeping occupied very different intervals of time, then illness or unwillingness might cause one of them to run off without completing his bargain, and a loss would accrue to the other, as in the case of the ship's facetious barber who insisted on shaving one side of the faces of all his customers first and then let the razor fall overboard, so that the passengers had to parade the town on a Sunday morning half-shaven. Hence most exchanges contain at least one element of materials. On the other hand, in many exchanges of materials the contract is for immediate delivery of one of the subjects of the bargain, while the other is at the moment merely promised, and some, as in the discount of bills or an exchange of present for future gold, giving a bird in the hand for two in the bush, in fact. From this it is a very direct and inevitable deduction that commerce, with all its profits both to the buyer and to the seller, is scarcely possible without stores and hoards of valuable materials to exchange for one another or for services. Would the author of " Whv Revolt Drags" destroy all circulating capital? And what would the world do then? This author would, of course, say, "Not at all! Money only is to be destroyed." But money is gold, and gold is useful material both as an accessory of direct pleasure and also as a means of distribution of itself and other commodities bv exchange. Money or purchasing power is simply and inevitably the most' saleable of all commodities. It is not the least use speaking of money in a hoardable form as being "hostile to the purposes for which it was created." Next to nothing is known as to the purposes for which coins were first made, but it is easy enough to see what money invariably and necessarily is. Money is and must always be a useful commodity, and the choice of the markets must irresistibly, even if it be unconsciously, fall upon the most saleable. Those by whom two sparrows were sold for a farthing would find their sparrows fax less saleable than the farthing token for a fractional portion of a talent of gold. Coins may have been first struck for the purposes of paying the wages of soldiers and providing munitions for war, though they were probably known in a somewhat vaguer manner even earlier as adornments of costume, like the sequins which are even now occasionally to be seen in nets and fringes. Fine feathers make fine birds. Will workers in revolt be able to destroy gold or to prevent its being got out of mines and brought to market, sold, bought, and used? Why should they attempt this? Gold is a more useful metal than silver, copper, or even iron in equal weights. It is, unfortunately, a semi-political metal, suffering from some disabilities and restrictions, such as hall-marking and plate-dealers' licence. Were it not for this, its actual consumption would be slightly increased in the manufacture of bells, as in Japan from very early ages, and possibly in electric wires as a useful alloy, as well as in many or possible ways not now to be foreseen. But as surely as gold continues to exist and to remain the pre-eminentlv saleable commodity, so surely it will and must be money; but this does not enhance its value, and it certainly does not the least harm in the markets of the world nor injures any worker in any conceivable way. So why revolt? Birds in their little nests agree when they have nothing to quarrel about, and so far as this matter is concerned it would be most foolish for the employed classes to fall out and chide and fight. They would simply be beating the air, and not as usefully as the wings of a bird, whether capitalised or not. Economic students do not deny that money is capital, though it is far from true that all capital is money. The holding or the cornering of money and other commodities is far more profitable for the community at large than it is for the speculators who succeed in unloading at top prices. It is not the hoarders and speculators who make the commodities scarce and dear. Unless a natural scarcity eventuates they are ruined. Their skill is such forethought as the people in general do not possess, and their operations depend upon a hoard of valuables, especially a hoard of gold or realisable securities. Their function as controllers and directors of both production and consumption is most valuable, and all the more so as it is automatic and wholly voluntary, being unaided by Government compulsion. No doubt the selfish wretches are working solely for their own gain? What odds? They work for their own gain, but they benefit others far more, as is the rule in commerce. Gold was not intended as a means of exchange, nor can it be said that coins were created for this sole purpose. One might as well say that loaves of bread are made to exchange. No doubt the London baker makes loaves to sell, but most of the buyers get them to eat. To the baker they are a medium of exchange, but to the housekeeper they are in demand to gratify the appetite of the household. The baker coins bread in order to buy gold, and he wants most of the bread he coins just as little as the gold he buys with it for his own consumption. Both are to him tools of exchange. Both are circulating capital stock almost indifferently, because to an established bakery trade the daily production of bread is nearly as saleable as gold itself, though it has its narrow limits, while gold has scarce any. Everything which is produced for the market is made for exchange. Gold and other commodities axe continually reciprocating. The idea that money ought to be a "tally" may have been started to try to simplify conceptions of the function of gold in commerce, but in reality it only confuses and misleads the mind. The fact is, though it is not palpably evident, that everybody who sells commodities for gold actually buys the gold to sell it at a profit in a dearer market. In voluntary commerce everyone gains by every bargain, and there is no use in either birds or men revolting against this most useful institution. Greevz Fysher. [Perhaps the following points will show how very wide of the argument our correspondent is getting: — (1) We have no objection to private property; in fact, we think it a necessity, now and in the future. We are not communists; we are individualists, and as such should find communism an abrogation of, and an intrusion in upon, something which was of the essence of ourselves. (2) Monopolies and private property have no essential connection. (3) We do not agree with our correspondent's definition of capital. We redefined it in order to make our own position clear, and supported our definition to our own satisfaction. If Mr. Fysher does not like it, we can discuss the subject on its own precise merits, but we can get no further if he slurs over that definition and then builds up a fresh argument. (4) "Division of labour" has increased, is increasing, and must be diminished. It has run mad. (5) Labour -has no business to be in the position of "supply and demand." We are trying to make "labourers" (serfs) ashamed of themselves. (6) For the third time we point out that "exchange for convenience" is not the same thing as buying and selling for a profit, (7) Profits are ungentlemanly, and we want a society with more accommodation for gentlemanliness than for profit-seekers. (8) A currency would of a certainty be a necessity, but that currency should no more be a commodity than is the pile of dollar bills. (9) Why should gold be destroyed, any more than iron or platinum or any other metal? Let gold be used for whatever purposes it is adapted, ornaments and the like. It is not useful as money, for the prime reason that there is not enough of it to tally with wealth. Wealth is destroyed because there is not sufficient coin in currency to tally with it. (10) It is pure nonsense to say that a baker wants to buy gold. He wants to exchange his bread for other commodities, just as the bootseller seeks to exchange boots for commodities. But thev both have to effect their exchanges through the needle's eye of an insufficient currency, and their wares suffer such attrition in the process —rather their exchange value does—that with a commodity lack on every hand, and likewise the seeming contradiction of a commodity glut, exchange still remains slow and sluggish.—Ed.] INTEREST. Madam,—Mr. Arthur Kitson's article, in so far as it relates to interest and the money monopoly, is profoundly true, yet it does not, any more than other writings of his, furnish a practical solution of the money problem. Merely to repeal the Bank Charter Act of 1844 and the legal tender laws relating to gold would make confusion worse confounded; for, in a highly evolved industrial system like ours, some particular kind of money must be made legal tender in order to facilitate commercial transactions. All experience goes to show that it would be folly to leave the issuance of such money to private banks and corporations. With the exception of the anarchist P. J. Proudhon, I doubt if any man has thrown such a flood of light on this intricate question of money as Mr. Arthur Kitson. Unfortunately, Mr. Kitson, in the same way as his predecessor Proudhon, seems to be unable to suggest a practical plan whereby his remedy could be applied to society, because of certain individualist doctrines he seems to share with the great French anarchist. Proudhon, having discovered the true nature of money (that is, a medium of exchange unattached to a particular commodity), sought to introduce this in society by the laborious process of forming associations of producers and consumers. Even if he had not at that time been arrested and imprisoned on a charge of libel, he could hardly have succeeded in his scheme, any more than small Socialist communities, when introduced in the centre of oapitalist states, have been successful. As I do not wish to encroach too much on your space, I will conclude with the suggestion that if there is one instrument in the economy of society which should be owned and controlled by the State, surely it is the medium of exchange. E. F. MYLIUS. MR. NORMAN AND MR. McKENNA. Madam,—Mr. Norman appeals to the judgment of the readers of The Freewoman. I appeal to Mr. Norman and to his expressed philosophy. There is no weakness about my "method of attack." Granted that the method is unusual, even a little strange, to one reading my letter in (the light of ordinary controversial methods, I invite Mr. Norman and readers of The Freewoman alike, to go further into the question and to inquire if my method be not very effective. The newness of the method may prove something of an advantage to readers of a paper whose ways are not always the ways of formal controversy, or of formal dialectics. The way of "attack" and of subsequent "victory" or "defeat" is not the only way of arriving at an understanding of people or ideas. If Mr. Norman, for example, imagines I am out for his scalp (or even for Mr. McKenna's) he is likely to mistake my temper; in which event we shall probably get nowhere. My method of approach was deliberately chosen after having closely studied the evidence. I base my series of quotations on the fact, that Mr. Norman is one of the few people in the world who voice a standard of life. It is a standard with which I have much sympathy. All the quotation groups are relevant thereto; each group in turn satisfying the test of identity and of contrast. If Mr. Norman has next seen the relevancy by now, I trust that the key supplied herewith may be of assistance. On psychological and philosophical grounds I claim that the meaning of the groupings, and the integrity of the groupings are self-evident to all who will compare the quotations with the letters, and replace them in the original settings. The trick of attempting to trip up the opponent by single sentences or phrases taken indiscriminately from widely different subjects, written under widely differing circumstances, would be discreditable. I wouldn't attempt to play the trick even if votes for women were to be won thereby. Mr. Norman may prove me guilty of unfair quotation if he can ; and if he does I will gladly and cheerfully post a dozen copies of the issue of The Freewoman containing Mr. Norman's proof of guilt to a dozen non-readers. In such an event Mr. Norman can leave the addresses with the Editor, who will, perhaps, kindly act as umpire. Not Mr. Norman's "inconsistencies," not "the intellectual triviality of the feminist attacks," were the considerations which decided me, by your courtesy, to challenge a public talk with Mr. Norman. But let us see. Group A is purposely personal. It raises the question of the standard. Before Mr. Norman had made the confession "I wrote my letter in defence of Mr. McKenna" (italics mine) it was apparent that Mr. Norman was defending Mr. McKenna, and not the practice of forcible feeding specifically. Now I can sympathise even with Mr. McKenna; because as I suggest below he is not equal to the test of practical psychological diagnosis, which is absolutely necessary in arriving at the truth of the value of forcible feeding in the punishment of rebellious prisoners. As, according to my scale of values, Mr. Norman is a much more important man than Mr. McKenna, I choose to demonstrate to Mr. Norman the fundamental conflict of which I have spoken, than choose to follow the unprofitable trail of a Gladstone-Ohurchill-McKenna comparison. Mr. Norman's reference to the practical test (A 4) is quite legitimate. Applying this test to myself I find that I would not, if Home Secretary, for statesmanlike, as well as for human reasons, forcibly feed Mr. McKenna, Mr. Asquith, or Mr. Norman, if thev protested in prison undeT such circumstances as I have named in my former letter. Nor—.and here is the .issue of Group A—would Mr. Norman forcibly feed prisoners if he fully realised the basic implications of his gentleman-standard. One implication Mr. Norman has realised and acknowledged: a gentleman would die of starvation rather than run the risk of dishonour (A 2). He would. A "lady" in the corresponding reading of the word, the old Anglo-Saxon sense, she who was "the loaf-giver"— the servant of the whole people—would do the same. The women suffragists, many personally known to me, who have recently suffered much physical and mental agony in prison, would also have met the same test. They would have died of starvation rather than have continued in what they deemed to be dishonour. If this could be "proved" in the most absolute sense, i.e., by allowing the prisoners to die one by one, would Mr. Norman be able to recognise the courage of the protest? He should be able; because, as cited above, he postulates the courage of men who would die of starvation rather than accept dishonour. The sentiment would be pointless but for the assumption of the heroism of such a proceeding. If it be claimed that now indeed I have digged a pit for myself, inasmuch as no Home Secretary can permit people to die in prison as a result of starvation, I at once rejoin that all I want is a Home Secretary of sufficiently strong intellect and of sufficient imagination to see that he is not on the horns of a dilemma because imprisoned women prefer to die rather than yield on a point of honour. Much of the confusion that has beclouded the question of what should be done to settle the forcible feeding issue (for it is not yet settled!) has been due to sheer mental inability on the part of the governing authorities to understand what was happening in our prisons. If the courage of the prisoners ("whether Suffragists, Syndicalists, Ulster Unionists, or ordinary prisoners") could be more widely realised there would no longer remain the ominous apathy of the public and of the average member of Parliament, who cannot distinguish between the political difficulties of a Home Secretary and the -human issue of the foroible feeding of courageous prisoners. I am no out-and-out supporter of formal logic. Man does not live by intellect alone. Logic is an excellent check on the passive emotion which breeds sentimentality ; but logic shall never master me in the last resort where positive human sympathies are concerned. But to Mr. Norman's sense of logic I now address myself: How does he justify Mr. McKenna's being "compelled to authorise" forcible feeding in view of the fact that Irish window-smashers have received extraordinary privileges in prison? Does the Union with Ireland still exist or does it not? Or is Ireland only a foreign (and civilised) country? And does forcible feeding really vindicate Mr. McKenna's dignity of office, does it really uphold the dignity of the law? Leaving the bare logic of the position, would a gentleman meet manifested courage by the scoff and indignity of forcible feeding? It is true a keen psychologist knows courage from bluff by many a sign. How is a poor pessimistic Home Secretary to get on— one who pleads to a deputation that it is difficult to know the truth about motives? Well, let him test the fortitude of the prisoners beyond breaking point if need be ; bue let him not authorise that they be touched by the prison official. Let the prisoners die? Even that. Anyway, they are not to be "fed." The way of foroible feeding is a sub-human way. "Feeding," by force, is a farce to a psychologist who has also a knowledge of physical processes. Feeding by force men and women who, in their right minds, make protest by refusing food is, in addition, always an outrage. The stupid conventions of a governing authority which does not know courage from cowardice will get no support from me. I have no respect for a civil and legal code which allows a Home Secretary to maltreat courageous prisoners. That I make no sex or merely sentimental plea I have already instanced by including possible men prisoners and even brave "ordinaries" who are unjustly treated. Because of standards to which I subscribe I am bound to fight persistently against sub-ihuman standards of life. One never knows, in literal fashion, what the future may hold, but I can promise Mr. Norman this in advance: if he becomes Home Secretary in my lifetime and he becomes guilty of the forcible feeding of courageous prisoners it will be necessary to make suitable protest. Or to put tlhe same idea in another way: if Earl Percy as Home Secretary to the next Conservative Government by an unholy alliance with the Eugenics Society and the Society for Public Morals seeks to secure the triumph of charges of "immorality" against, let us say, the Editor of The Freewoman or Mr. Charles Granville, or the Editor of the New Age (who I see offers the first of a series of articles on "Problems of Sex" in this week's issue), or all three; and succeeds in such effort, and there be imprisonments; and if the Editor of The Freewoman (she at least!) adopts the hunger-strike in prison, and if there be any attempt at the same iniquitous practice of forcible feeding, there will be need for the same public protest. Fine speculations these? I repeat—one never knows, literally speaking, what the future may bring forth. It may even be the case that Mr. Norman may not become Home Secretary at all; but that in view of such possibilities as those included in Group B, he may one day find himself in gaol, with the necessity to hunger-strike in defence of his honour; and if forcible feeding follows logically, it will be necessary to protest similarly on his behalf. For now are "the parasites of royalty, the churches, the army, and the law" to be "overwhelmed" ; how is a "revolution" to be effected, even using such phrases in their intellectual significance, without running definite and certain risks at the hands of the malicious, the envious, and the fearsomely inclined, of those ruling powers against whom Mr. Norman has fulminated more than once? And if Mr. Norman decides one day that the reigning Government has overstepped the limits, is he likely to temporise with things as they are, because "the Government has a clear duty to maintain the law, whatever it may be" ? Is he not likely to plead that circumstances alter cases, as indeed he does plead in refusing to obey the Insurance Act as it stands? Is he likely during the development of the revolution he longs for to uphold the then Home Secretary, or to impress upon him the duty of punishing lawbreakers, of whom there may be a good many before that revolution comes off? Is it not possible that a day may come when he may say, as some of us have said again and again with regard to the women, even when we have disagreed most strongly with them on points of policy, or, as recently, on graver grounds, "I am for the women first, last, and all the time"—or as Mr. Norman would have to say, "I am on the side of the exploited and prostituted all the time. They have been treated unjustlv; and justice delayed is justice denied. Until they be treated justly I am overwhelmingly on their side. No gentleman could do otherwise.'" Or can it be that Mr. Norman suffers from bias when thinking of women; that he is willing to see them "dulv punished" as "lawbreakers" while recognising in other cases that you may break the law if you know how to do it, seeing that "there are limits" ? No, even this is not the conclusion; for Group C demonstrates Mr. Norman's chivalrous {i.e., gentlemanly) and original feeling (and probably the right one) about the women who were suffering from the "scandalous proceedings of those officials." In the letter that Mr. Norman wrote to the New Age, issue March 14th, he gave sound argument why the Government, instead of ever forcibly feeding these women should have given them all, from the beginning, first division treatment, such as is to-day being allowed in an Irish prison. Mr. Norman allowed that the women were "doing criminal acts from a noncriminal motive"; that they had been bullied by magistrates; that there had been "scandalous proceedings." He said with regard to magistrates concerned that "the misery these individuals inflict on the community is fearful to reflect upon." He accused them, inferentially, of being "biassed and incompetent"; he concluded that "when the courts begin to impose sentences which have as their sole justification the motive of revenge and not the spirit of justice, the administration of justice has broken down and magistrates have become more criminal than the persons whom they are sentencing" (C 3). In face of all this, as testified to by Mr. Norman, how can he claim that Mr. McKenna has insisted upon "an impartial and just administration of the law," which by reference C 4 we are assured is Mr. McKenna's duty? Mr. Norman's evidence, in his letter of March 14th, went clearly against the theory of there being many gentlemen associated with the civil and legal processes brought to bear on the women. In a proved case of discourtesy of an officer of the court, Mr. Norman even thought that "the use of such language under such circumstances makes him a proper subject of physical violence at the instance of persons aggrieved. Mr. Norman's standard includes the practice of physical violence when circumstances warrant its use: when there has been a proved "insult." Now I am against the corporal punishment theory, so it follows that I am against all recent manifestations of personal-physical violence against Cabinet Ministers; but does it not follow that if Mr. Norman could think so strongly of the injustices borne by suffragist prisoners, as his admissions of March 14th plainly suggest, his present feeling for justice ought to be much more nicely balanced? In Mr. Norman's recent letters there was witnessed a tremendous swing to the side of law and order, of the conventionally limited kind; an appeal to "the strong arm of the law." Group D gave a specific instance of this swing of the pendulum. March 14th saw Mr. Norman referring, with fine irony, to "innocent tradesmen": July 18th found Mr. Norman referring to them in guileless simplicity as "innocent persons." Mr. Norman has liberty to change his mind. Is change of mind the only explanation? Is not the meaning of the swing simply this: in the former instance Mr. Norman's standard of the gentleman comes into use. It is his opinion that the so-called "innocent" tradesmen include "some of the most notorious sweaters," whose "business methods" is "one of the causes of the deep-seated agitation among Englishwomen." This comprehension of underlying causes warms Mr. Norman's heart. His standard is appealed to. Almost he is persuaded, or soon would be, that the criminality of the accused women who have protested on such good grounds is by no means the same thing as the criminality "of the low-wages and latch-key type of employer, whose proper place is in gaol"! (D 2.) "The woman who gives herself for love is always a virgin" embodies a great truth which is closely related to the standard of the gentleman. A man who has the intellect to perceive the profound intuition of D 3, and the courage to write it, is worthy of respect. Let that intuition become realised, a reality, in the hearts of only a few individuals in this generation and they will one day stagger the Eugenics Societies with the new-ancient discovery that the royal way to be well-born is to be born through the heart. Meanwhile, the only enemy to such a blossoming of understanding is the practice of commercial "love" in all its forms. No gentleman deals in "commercial love." By the recognition of D 3 Mr. Norman proves himself quite equal to a realisation of the character of my opposition to the practice of forcible feeding. If it is "a terrible waste of life and honour" for women of all ranks to take their "love" where the heart goes not, thus offering violence to the love of their heart, it is equally an outrage on that other heart-sentiment, witness its name—courage, to suffer its violation. Were I the only person in the country left on the side of protest, I would not so suffer it. Misery, beastliness, low standards, adulteration of standards, are everywhere prevalent. Everybody knows. That is bad enough. Not many care. Among those who do, many care in the wrong way. They talk of reality. They do not see that it is the base "reality" of low and unloved standards. All suffer, from highest to lowest. None can escape the contamination of a mean philosophy of life. But that fine minds should be so infected by the status quo that they cannot see that fineness of action is more important to a nation's welfare than the preservation of official amour -proftre is the greatest calamity of all. It is a tragedy. Thus do the people perish and civilisations slip back into the mind darkness from which they have so painfully, so laboriously, emerged. I do assure Mr. Norman that it is far more important that he should stand for the encouragement of virtue in action than that I should attempt to score intellectual victories. There is a time for everything. The significance of tempered intellects as vastly important in the development of out civilisation; and this influence will increase. Problems like those raised by the forcible feeding issue need all the support which intellectual argument can afford towards their solution. They need something more. Because the real difficulty lies beyond the reach of intellectual distinctions in themselves, a final test must be applied. The last appeal must be made to the morality of the heart. I hope forcible feeding will be discontinued in this country. It does a great deal of harm and makes nobody happy. I have tried to show to Mr. Norman that so far as he is concerned, and according to the implications of the standard of the gentleman he can hardly continue to support the contemptuous treatment of brave prisoners. Mary Gawthorpe. THE PUBLICATIONS OF HAVELOCK ELLIS. Madam,—It will interest your readers to know that any of the above works may be obtained direct from the author, at his address, "Woodpecker," West Drayton, Middlesex. bloomsbury. LADIES- BLANCH ARD'S APIOL and STEEL PILLS Are unrivalled for all Female Ailments, &amp;c, they speedily afford relief and never fail to alleviate the suffering:. ' BLANCH ARD'S are the Best of all Pills for Women.' 1 U per box. of BOOTS' and all Chemists; or post free from LESLIE MARTYN, Ltd., 34, Dalston Lane, LONDON -LADIES 20,000' SAMPLES of our GOLD " TRIUMPH » TABLETS (Registered 336,720) for Ladies' Ailments, GIVEN AWAY ABSOLUTELY FREE. Guaranteed effective almost immediately (invariably under one hour) however obstinate the case. The Free Sample has cured Thousands of Cases. Government Stamp on every bottle, so why waste money on worthless remedies. Sworn Testimonials and Samples Free. 1/1J, 2/3, 4/6. LE BRASSEUR CO., Ltd., BIRMINGHAM. (Sufficient Address.) Works: Passy-Paris. Telegrams: "Surgical, Birmingham." and " Ardeshir, Paris." A BOOK FOR MARRIED WOMEN. By DR. ALLINSON. The information contained in this book ought to be known by every married woman, and it will not harm the unmarried to read. The book is conveniently divided into twelve chapters. The first chapter traats of the changes of puberty, or when a girl becomes a woman. The second chapter treats of marriage from a doctor's standpoint; points out the best ages for marriage, and who should have children and who not, and furnishes useful information that one can ordinarily get only from an intelligent doctor. The third chapter treats of the marriage of blood relations ; and condemns such marriages as a rule. Chapter four treats of the signs of pregnancy. The fifth chapter tells how a woman should live during the pregnant state. The sixth chapter treats of mishaps and how to avoid them. The seventh chapter treats of material impressions, and shows that birth marks are not due to longings on the part of the mother, but rather to her poor health. The eighth chapter teaches how to have easy confinements. Certain people believe that women should bring forth in pain and trouble, but the hygienic physician says that confinements can be made comparatively easy if certain rules are obeyed ; these rules are given. The ninth chapter treats of the proper management of confinements until the baby is born. The tenth chapter tells how to treat the mother until she is up and about again. The eleventh chapter treats of sterility ; gives the main causes of it, how these may be overcome and children result. The last chapter treats of the " change." a most important article for all women over forty. The book is full of useful information, and no book is written which goes so thoroughly into matters relating to married women. Some may think too much is told ; such can scarcely be the case, for knowledge is powe and the means of attaining happiness. The book can be had in an envelope from Dr. T. R. Allinson, 381, Room, 4, Spanish Place, Manchester Square, London, W., in return for a Postal Order for Is. 2d. For YOUR HOLIDAYS DAUGHTERS OF ISHMAEL By REGINALD WRIGHT KAUFFMANN Sixth Edition 6S With a Preface by JOHN MASEF1ELD IN A GERMAN PENSION By KATHERINE MANSFIELD Third Edition 6S LOVE IN MANITOBA By A. WHARTON GILL Third Edition 6S AN EXCELLENT MYSTERY By COUNTESS RUSSELL LADY ERMYNTRUDE AND THE PLUMBER By PERCY FENDALL THE REVOKE OF JEAN RAYMOND By MAY FORD 6s 6s 6s SOME NEIGHBOURS By CHARLES GRANVILLE Second Edition 6S A SUPERMAN IN BEING By LITCHFIELD WOODS THE RACE OF CIRCUMSTANCE By H. R. CAMPBELL THE DARKSOME MAIDS OF BAGLEERE By WILLIAM H. KERSEY THE CONSIDINE LUCK By H. A. HINCKSON SHADOWS OUT OF THE CROWD By RICHARD CURLE THE CONFESSION OF A FOOL By AUGUST STRINDBERG 6s 6s 6s 6s 6s 6s SWIFT'S SOCIAL AND POLITICAL SERIES THE PARTY SYSTEM By HILAIRE BELLOC and CECIL CHESTERTON TORY DEMOCRACY By J. M. KENNEDY FROM THEATRE TO MUSIC HALL By W. R. TITTERTON IRISH HOME RULE By S. G. HODSON THE DOCTOR AND HIS WORK By CHARLES J. WHITBY, M.D. Printed by Hazklu Waimn &amp; Viney. Ld., 4-8. Kirby Street. Hatton Garden. London. E.C : and Published weekly for the Proprietors at the Office. 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.C.