The Masses 6.8 (1915-05)  THE MASSES MAY, 1915 10 CENTS Drawn by W. J. Jones. WHAT I SAW IN PRISON BY FRANK TANENBAUM NEWS FROM THE FRONT - - by Rosika Schwimmer The MASSES THIS Magazine is Owned and Published Cooperatively by its Editors. It has no Dividends to Pay, and nobody is trying to make Money out of it. A Revolutionary and not a Reform Magazine; a Magazine with a Sense of Humor and no Respect for the Respectable; Frank; Arrogant; Impertinent; Searching for the True Causes; a Magazine Directed against Rigidity and Dogma wherever it is found; Printing what is too Naked or True for a Money-Making Press; a Magazine whose final Policy is to do as it Pleases and Concilitate Nobody, not even its Readers—A Free Magazine. EDITOR Max Eastman ART EDITOR John Sloan MANAGING EDITOR Floyd Dell CONTRIBUTING EDITORS John Reed Max Eastman Mary Heaton Vorse Louis Untermeyer William English Walling Howard Brubaker Robert Carlton Brown Floyd Dell Arthur Bullard Frank Bohn Edmond McKenna George Bellows Arthur Young Alice Beach Winter Charles A. Winter Maurice Becker John Sloan Cornelia Barns Stuart Davis Glenn O. Coleman K. R. Chamberlain H. J. Glintenkamp SUBSCRIPTION RATES Yearly, $1.00 Half Yearly, 50 Cents Foreign, 25 per cent. added for postage. Rates on bundle orders and to newsdealers on application Entered as second-class matter, December 27, 1910, at the postoffice of New York City, under the Act of March 3, 1879. Published Monthly by The Masses Publishing Co., 87 Greenwich Avenue, New York RARE BOOKS FIRST EDITIONS Extra Illustrated Books Early Printed Books Association Books Purchased singly or in sets for people who have neither time nor opportunity to select for themselves, or for those who have not access to the best book marts. Why not begin collecting now? ADDRESS Downing, Box 1336 Boston, Massachusetts Don't Buy Sweat-Shop Clothes! If you believe that organized labor eliminates the sweat-shop and child labor, as proven by the Government Reports, encourage the employer to maintain trade-union conditions. Trade in union shops, purchasing union-made goods, and interest consumers to follow your example. There is a strong movement among manufacturers to exterminate the labor unions. Will you help the workers to better their conditions and gain their independence by patronizing only shops which handle Union Made Clothes? Here are some New York stores where union-made clothes may be purchased : THE LABEL SHOP, 14 E. 37th St. Thurn, Lina L., 15 Å. 52nd St. Steinand Blain, 8-10 W. 36th St. Lichtenstein, 584 5th Ave. Van Smith, 12 E. 54th St. O'Hara, 21 E. 49th St. Dunston, Inc., 31 W. 57th St. Wheelanand Hannan, 26 W. 47th St. Rosenfield, 7 E. 45th St. Weingarten, M.and I., 467 5th Ave. Weingartenand Pearl, 516 5th Ave. Anthony, E. G., 16 W. 46th St. Charlesand Ray, 20 E. 46th St. Greenstein, B., 4 E. 46th St. Jacobs, I., 49 W. 46th St. Liebermanand Seigel, 6-8 W. 46th St. Milgrim Bros., 122 2nd Ave. Pocker, M., 16 W. 46th St. Brandon, B., 11 W. 46th St. Brodsky, J., 20 W. 39th St. Haas Bros., 10 E. 56th St. Keen, J., 7-11 W. 45th St. Fox, J. M., 10 E. 57th St. McNally, 15 W. 51st St. Mary Andersonand Warner, 665 5th Ave. Lourino, F., 75 2nd Ave. Apisdorf, 2542 Broadway; Chalk, B., 2817 Broadway. Dutkaand Co., 2565 Broadway. Franklin Simonand Co., Fifth Ave. National Cloakand Suit Co., 207 W. 24th St. Giddingand G. M. Co., 564 5th Ave. Lane, Bryant, 25 W. 38th St. (Signed) Mrs. J. Sergeant Cram By request of Ladies' Tailors and Dressmakers Union, Local 38. Jacob L. Banach, Secretary-Treasurer. This Summer I Am Opening "Maple Hill Farm" as a vacation center for radical writers, artists, musicians and students. "Maple Hill Farm" is in Duchess County, 70 Miles, 2 1/2 hrs. from New York City, car fare $3.10, round trip, 125 acres, two houses, near lake, charming country. Heretofore privately used. Very reasonable terms on application, Accommodations limited, hence immediate correspondence is desirable. Camping sites $2 for the season. Mrs. Jennie B. Jones, 301 West 109th, New York. MAGAZINES! You can save money and help The Masses by ordering any magazine through US. Sent to separate addresses. If you wish. The Masses............$1.00 Appeal to Reason.......50 Total value.........$1.50 Our Price. $1.10 The Masses............$1.00 American Magazine.... 1.50 Total value..........$2.50 Our Price. $2.10 The Masses............$1.00 N. Y. Sun. Call (6 mos.) 1.00 Total value ........$2.00 Our Price. $1.75 The Masses............$1.00 Cosmopolitan........1.50 Total value..........$2.50 Our Price. $2.25 The Masses............$1.00 Everybody's..........1.50 Total value..........$2.50 Our Price. $2.15 The Masses............$1.00 Harpers Weekly (6 mos.) 2.00 Total value.......... 3.00 Our Price. $2.25 The Masses........... .$1.00 Life .................5.00 Total value......... $6.00 Our Price. $5.50 The Masses............$1.00 Metropolitan.........1.50 Total value..........$2.50 Our Price. $2.10 The Masses............$1.00 New Review........... 1.00 Total value..........$2.00 Our Price. $1.50 The Masses............$1.00 Pearson's............1.50 Total value..........$2.50 Our Price. $1.50 The Masses............$1.00 Public—Weekly ....... 1.00 Total value..........$2.00 Our Price. $1.40 The Masses............$1.00 Puck—Weekly........5.00 Total value......... .$6.00 Our Price. $5.50 Write us for Any Combinations on Any Magazines Published In the United States. THE MASSES P. O. Box 8751 NEW YORK COMING EASY! The Masses sells better now than ever before. Comrades who need to earn money, write today for new selling plan particulars! Address Business, Manager, P. O. Box 875, New York. Bound Volumes of The Masses (Year 1914) A few are left. Do you want to have a permanent file of the good things that appeared in this magazine last year? Send $2.00 to THE MASSES P.  O.  Box 875, New York. MOTHERS You will find wonderful advice in regard to your children in the book "Your Child Today and Tomorrow." See advertisement in The Masses Bookstore, under the classification "Educational." Political Supremacy and Social Emancipation in 5 years. The most revolutionary uprising of slaves in the history of class-ruled society. Evolved by the workers themselves, and managed in such a way that the masters are powerless to crush or hinder it. Six parts. Send 10c. for Part I, then decide whether you want the others. Address Radio - Science Publishers, Mt. Auburn, Iowa Mobilize Against Militarism in America Cripple War by Curbing its Creator— Armament. Thwart the Efforts of the Armament Makers and the Professional Fighters to Saddle Militarism upon America on the European Scale. The time to act is Now. Write to The American League to Limit Armaments, 43 Cedar Street, New York City, for its Literature and Membership Blanks. Learn the True Inwardness of the Issue and. Volunteer for Service in the WAR AGAINST WAR THE MASSES 3 The MASSES Book Store To All Masses Readers, You are urged to buy books through "The Masses Book Store," which is the name given this page. Here is an interesting assortment, many books being new. The Masses has made arrangements with the publishers to offer these books to you. You pay no more— often less—for books purchased through us than from dealers and your patronage will assist us in the great problem of publishing the Masses without loss. No one is trying to make money out of the Masses, but we do want its receipts to pay the cost of publishing. If you want any book, whether listed here or not, ask us for it. Address "The Masses," P. O. Box 875, New York. Send check, money order or postage. Notice: When the price is given "Net" please add five per cent. to the published price, to cover cost of mailing. Clearly Understand This: You may buy ANY book, on any subject, published anywhere, whether listed here or not, through The Masses' Bookstore. This department is not only an advertising medium but a service to our readers. You pay no more—often less—and you help this magazine.  Send for any book, published anywhere. FICTION The Harbor, Ernest Poole's splendid new novel, which everyone is discussing. The New York Times says: "By all odds the best American novel that has appeared in many a long day."   Send $1.50. Sanine, by Artzibashef. The sensasational Russian novel now obtainable in English. $1.35 net. B. W. Huebsch. The Dons of the Old Pueblo, by Percival Cooney. A story of early California. $1.35 net. Rand, McNallyand Co. The Ragged Messenger, by W. B. Maxwell, author of "The Devil's Garden." $1.35 net. The Bobbs-Merrill Co. The Awakening, by C. Bordeaux. $1.35 net. E. P. Duttonand Co. This novel has reached in France its 95th edition. My Wife's Hidden Life, Anonymous. A "wonder." $1.25 net. Rand, McNallyand Co. Foma Gordyeeff, by Maxim Gorky. $1 net. Charles Scribner's Sons. The Good Shepherd, by John Roland. An interesting story recommended to all who reverence unselfish service to humanity. Stokes. $1.25 net. What Must the South Do to be Saved? Read Monday's (the American Maupassant's) "Black Shadow and Red Death," the most startling novel ever written on the social evil between the white and black races. Paper, send 55c.   Cloth, send $1.00. The Ragged-Trousered Philanthropist, by Robert Tressall. A masterpiece of realism by a Socialist for Socialists—and others. Stokes. $1.25 net. Victory. A new novel by Joseph Conrad. Just out. Net, $1.35. Postage, 10 cents.   Doubleday, Pageand Co. The Turmoil, by Booth Tarkington. A beautiful story of young love and modern business.   Send $1.45. The   Second   Blooming,   by   W. L. George. One of the best new books. Send $1.45. Erna Vitek, by Alfred Kreymborg. A realistic novel of real interest and literary merit. $1.10 postpaid. A. and C. Boni. Guimo, by Walter Elwood. Praise from the reviewers: "Only Kipling has made the Orient live more vividly." "Guimo is one of the most haunting characters of recent fiction." "For infinite variety and quality of pristine purity this romance will live long in the minds of literary fiction lovers." "Cannot fail to appeal to those who read a story for the story." Send $1.35. Reillyand Britton. The Vale of Illusion, by Lorraine Catlin Brower. "Why shouldn't a man be governed by the same code of morals he insists on for his wife?" The intimate story of a woman who learned to understand. Written by a woman with sympathetic knowledge of her sex but told without sex prejudice. Candid but clean. Send $1.25.   Reillyand Britton. Angela's Business, by H. Harrison. A big novel on feminism by the author of "Queed" and "V V's Eyes." Send $1.45. 'Twixt Land and Sea, by Joseph Conrad. Contents: A Smile of Fortune; The Secret Sharer; Freya of the Seven Isles.   Scribner.   Send $1.35. Set of Six, by Joseph Conrad. Short stories.   Scribner.   Send $1.50. Red Fleece, by Will Levington Comfort. A story of the Russian revolutionists and the proletariat in general in the Great War, and how they risk execution by preaching peace even in the trenches. Exciting, understanding, and everlastingly true ; for Comfort himself is soldier and revolutionist as well as artist. He is our American Artsibacheff; one of the very few American masters of the "new fiction." Net, $1.25. George H. Doran Company. SOCIOLOGY American Women in Civic Work— Helen Christine Bennett. An inspiring and valuable book for women which discusses the personalities and the work of America's foremost women—Jane Addams, Anna Howard Shaw, Ella Flagg Young, and others. With portraits, $1.25 net. Published by Dodd, Meadand Company, New York. Mother Earth Magazine, the anarchist monthly. Alexander Berkman, editor; Emma Goldman, publisher. 10 cents a copy, $1.00 a year. Not Guilty, by Robert Blatchford. A defence of the bottom dog. $.60 postpaid.   A. and C. Boni. Women as World-Builders, by Floyd Dell. "An exhilarating book, truly young with the strength and daring of youth," says Chicago Tribune. 50 cents net.   The Masses. American Labor Unions (by a member), Helen Marot. $1.25 net. Henry Holtand Co. Comprehensive, informed and just statement of the union case. Reflections on Violence, by Georges Sorel. At last a translation of the famous philosophy of syndicalism. $2.25 net.  B. W. Huebsch. Standard Oil or The People. The book that will end the wealth-power of Rockefeller and restore the government to the people. How Rockefeller and associates control the wealth of the nation. 25 cents paper; 50 cents half cloth. Henry H. Klein, Tribune Bldg., New York. The Anti-Trust Act and the Supreme Court, by Hon. William H. Taft. $1.25 net.   Harperand Brothers. Wisconsin: An experiment in democracy. By Frederick C. Howe. Dark red cloth, $1.35. The Public. Christianity and the Social Rage, by Adolph A. Berle. The author points out that no enduring social advance can be made without an underlying moral and spiritual base. 12mo. $1.50 net.   Postage 12 cents. Co-Partnership and Profit Sharing, by Aneurin Williams. 50 cts. net. Henry Holtand Co. Explains the types of co-partnership or profit-sharing, or both, and gives details of the arrangements in many industries. Human Work, by Charlotte Perkins Gilman. Elucidation of the problem of social economics. Send $1.10. Charlton Co. Free Speech for Radicals, by Theodore Schroeder, attorney for the Free Speech League. Send 30 cents. The Mexican People: Their Struggle for Freedom, by De Lara and Pinction. The people's viewpoint. Third edition. Net, $1.50. Postage, 15 cents.   Doubleday, Pageand Co. Making Money in Free America, by Bolton Hall. Introduction by Tom L. Johnson. Pointing out the far reaching effects of privilege and monopoly and suggesting a remedy. Send $1.00. The    Young    Malefactor, by Thomas Travis. 12mo, cloth, net $1.50. Thomas Y. Crowell Company. American Charities, by Amos G. Warner, Ph.D. 12mo, net $2.00. Thomas Y. Crowell Company. Punishment and Reformation, by F. H. Wines, LL.D. Net $1.75. Thomas Y. Crowell Company. Problems of Community Life, by Seba Eldridge. 12mo, net $1.00. Thomas Y. Crowell Company. The Rise of the Working Class, A. S. Crapsey's account of to-day's revolution. $1.30 net; postage, 10 cents.   The Century Co. (Continoed on page 21) 4 Drawn by Cornelia Barns. "Gee, I love Spring! "Gee, so do I! The MASSES Vol. VI.  No. 8 MAY, 1915 Issue No. 48 ANARCHY WHILE YOU WAIT Joseph O'Brien THE agent-provocateur has received the endorsement of a jury and the sanction of a judge and may now be reckoned as an American institution. Carmine Carbone and Frank Abarno were found guilty of trying to blow up St. Patrick's Cathedral and some hundreds of devout worshipers with a tin can full of fireworks material, on March 2. The conviction carries with it the penalty of from twelve and one-half years to twenty-five years imprisonment. Carbone is eighteen years old and Abarno is twenty-four. This is how it was done, take it from Amadeo Polignani, a detective who now steps into his niche in history. After the Lexington Avenue explosion in which Caron, Hanson and Berg were killed on last Fourth of July, the police department developed a severe case of Haymarket nerves. Captain Tunney of the Detective Bureau organized an Anarchy Squad, composed of detectives who could disguise themselves as honest workingmen and penetrate the inner circles of the Reds. One of these was Polignani, an Italian new to the force and eager to distinguish himself. He found the Gaetani Bresci Study Circle, which held Sunday meetings in East One Hundred and Sixth Street, and camped there. The Bresci group is made up of Italian Anarchists, Socialists, Syndicalists, and other radicals. Polignani represented himself as an unemployed worker and was given the job of sweeping out the hall in which the group met every Sunday afternoon. These meetings were public and had been going on for three years without so much as the sound of a pop-gun. But Polignani found that those three years of peaceful propaganda had been merely preparation for the great plot. In the minds of two boys was then matured this dastardly plot to destroy the stately Catholic edifice on Fifth Avenue and such members of the faith as might be gathered there at the moment of vengeance. They confided their plot not to their intellectual leaders and teachers, but to Polignani. It is a coincidence which Judges and juries ignore that that plotters of this character inevitably distrust their tried and true friends and hunt around for a police spy. Polignani did not discourage them. He admits that. When he learned that they wanted to make a bomb and blow up the Cathedral and Andrew Carnegie and John D. Rockefeller, his attitude was, "Go to it, boys." But they didn't know how, so he bought them a book, a sort of Anarchist cook book, containing approved recipes for bombs. When it came to purchasing the ingredients of a bomb, such as antimony and chloride of potash throat gargle and powdered sugar, the two boys were shy; so Polignani, the ever-helpful, bought it for them. They had no place in which a tin bomb might be safely manufactured, so he rented a room for them and kept the key in his pocket. When the ingredients weren't being stirred they were hidden in a trunk, and of that trunk Polignani had the key. And when the bombs, two of them, were all mixed and tinned and tied together with string, he took one of them and Abarno took the other and they sauntered out. Polignani bought a couple of cigars which were to be used to touch off the bombs, and puffing at these the two went to the Cathedral early in the morning of March 2. Waiting for them at the Cathedral were detectives disguised as ushers, scrub-women, and worshipers; alert young reporters ready for a beat, and a taxicab. Abarno didn't know this, of course, but Polignani and Captain Tunney and Commissioner Woods had arranged it all beforehand. When they went into the Cathedral the ushers and scrub-women and worshipers of the Anarchy Squad seized them, bore them out and into the waiting taxi-cab and to the police station. It was a very complete job. Polignani had worked hard and deserved the enthusiastic praise which Commissioner Woods bestowed upon him in the first triumphant moments. Capt. Tunney also modestly asserted his claim to fame, but when an incredulous press and public began to talk about agent-provocateurs, silence fell upon the department. However, the job had been done and done well, and one might reasonably have expected an end of it. But the police are thorough. The following Sunday the Bresci group to the number of about three hundred met as usual and speakers discussed the Cathedral comedy. After the meeting adjourned one of the leaders was held up by a man in front of the hall with a demand for money. This was a signal for eight or ten men in plain clothes, each armed with black jack and gun, to rush out from a corner saloon and charge the group. Luigi Campanello was beaten into insensibility, his nose broken and his scalp shredded with black jacks. Carlo Tresca, editor of L'Avenire, was held up at the point of a gun thrust into his stomach. Pietro Allegro, Cuneo, Mandese and several others were beaten, and their assailants slipped away into Second Avenue. Campanello was sent to a hospital. The others were treated by physicians in the neighborhood. The Italians declared that their assailants were detectives.   Commissioner Woods said he didn't be- lieve them, and that ended the matter. The next Saturday Allegro, at an I. W. W. meeting in Union Square, pointed out in the crowd a man who, he said, had beaten him and others. The man was taken into Inspector Schmittberger's temporary office in the Union Square cottage, where it developed that he was Thomas J. Coy, one of Captain Tunney's vigilant Anarchy Squad. Allegro swore positively that Coy was one of those who had attacked the Italians in front of their hall, even describing the hat and clothing the detective had worn at the time. Inspector Schmittberger in his telephone report to Commissioner Woods, said it was a perfect identification. The next day Commissioner Woods was asked what he was going to do about it, and he replied that he did not wish to prefer charges against Coy because he was afraid that such a step would incense the police against the Anarchists. The Bresci group was notified that it could no longer hold meetings in the hall, and there that phase ended. Then came the trial before Judge Nott and a jury in the Court of General Sessions. The witnesses for the defence were excluded from the court room and from the moment the trial started until its close they were herded, harried, bullied and insulted by the court officers and Captain Tunney's detectives. Their attitude was so provocative that I wondered at the restraint of the men and women whom they continually harrassed. I personally saw these witnesses pushed around and bullied as if they were cattle in a pen. I saw court officers menace them, dare them and invite them to start something. I saw a distinguished woman writer, who tried to get into the half empty court room, twice pushed across the corridor and insulted by one of the officers on the door. Nothing was left undone by these men to create in the minds of the jury a feeling of hostility toward the prisoners and those who sought to befriend them. This culminated in one of the most extraordinary episodes that ever marked a criminal trial, when one of the unfortunate witnesses for the defence was dragged forth from the herd, by Polignani and another witness for the prosecution, charged with having made the "death sign" at Polignani, and sent to Blackwell's Island.   He never testified. The acquittal of these two boys would have covered the police department with ridicule and contempt. Therefore they had to be convicted. Legal defense was useless. There is a logical complement of the agent-provocateur and I am certain that Judge Nott and Commissioner Woods have not thought of it. It is assassination. 6 The Masses The Masses and the Negro A Criticism and a Reply MY dear Mr. Eastman: There is one thing about The Masses that strikes me as totally inconsistent with its general policy : it is the way in which the negro race is portrayed in its cartoons. If I understand The Masses rightly, its general policy is to inspire the weak and unfortunate with courage and self-respect and to bring home to the oppressors the injustice of their ways. Your pictures of colored people would have, I should think, exactly the opposite effect. They would depress the negroes themselves and confirm the whites in their contemptuous and scornful attitude. Believe me, Very sincerely yours, Carlotta Russell Lowell. Miss Lowell makes the most serious charge against The Masses we have heard. We have been accused of bringing the human race as a whole into disrepute often enough, and our love of realism has borne us up under the charge. But if that same realism when engaged in representations of the negro, seems to align us upon the side of the self-conceited white in the race-conflict that afflicts the world, it is indeed tragic. One of the pictures we published with greatest enthusiasm was a drawing by Art Young, in which a band of dignified colored people under a banner of their own organization, were driving one of these same white race-maniacs off the corner of the page in terror. Another picture was a protest against the Supreme Court's prejudiced  decision  on the Jim-Crow Law. But doubtless it is not what we say under the pictures, it is the actual character of the drawing, that leads to Miss Lowell's complaint against us. Stuart Davis portrays the colored people he sees with exactly the same cruelty of truth, with which he portrays the whites. He is so far removed from any motive in the matter but that of art, that he cannot understand such a protest as Miss Lowell's at all. Some of the rest of us, however, realize that because the colored people are an oppressed minority, a special care ought to be taken not to publish anything which their race-sensitiveness, or the race-arrogance of the whites, would misinterpret. We differ from Miss Lowell only in the degree to which a motive of art rather than of propaganda may control us. And, of course, her letter will have its effect upon our minds in that particular. As illustrating this conflict between the aims of propaganda and the aims of art which is ever present to our editorial board, it is interesting to contrast Miss Lowell's letter with a remark of John Sloan's in regard to Stuart Davis's work : "Davis is absolutely the first artist," he said, "who ever did justice to the American negro !" This may be an unsatisfying answer to your letter, Miss Lowell, but at least it gives you a near view of the scrimmage line in all the battles that occur within the editorial board of The Masses ! M. E. "What Is Truth?" A Friendly Discussion With an Historian DEAR Mr. Eastman: At the banquet which we attended some time ago you will remember that you spoke on "What is humor and why?" Your amusing reference to me as a historian, printed in a recent number of The Masses, is much appreciated, therefore, both for its ingenuous misquoting of my own remarks on that occasion, and for the orthographic sample it furnishes of the errors that "creep through the portals of a young mind." The chief business of a historian, I take it, is to ascertain the truth about what has happened and what is happening in the world, and why. Now, belonging, in your estimation, among the "dead ones" who man the mortuary battery of mummified intellect at Columbia, 'tis as a voice from the Morningside tomb that I would ask, in tones befittingly sepulchral, what is truth in editorial assertions—even in the concionary utterances of The Masses—and why? Very truly yours, William R. Shepherd, Professor of History, Columbia University. My emotion on reading this letter from Professor Shepherd was surprise. A journalist grows so accustomed to treating public characters merely as symbols, impersonal and impervious, that when he lights by accident upon a private citizen who is not hardened to the business of symbolizing his job, the recoil is quite rudely shocking. I am sure I'm as much hurt as Professor Shepherd that my remarks should seem to have any personal application ! That they should not seem true is perhaps less surprising. I do not suppose either Professor Shepherd or I know exactly what he said at that banquet. But I know he said something, and that after he said it I turned to Frank Harris, who sat the other side of me, and remarked : "That would be a good definition of a historian—a man who reserves his judgment for a hundred years." Something must have warranted Harris's nodding approval, and responding, "Until he is dead, in other words," and our then discussing in a brief whisper the inevitable question whether he hadn't been dead all the time ! Now what it was that Professor Shepherd said, can only be inferred at this late day from its effects. But if our definition of Truth does not allow a little of that kind of inference, certainly it will be arduously difficult to write current editorials, and as for past history—well, the job simply will not exist. So I am sure Professor Shepherd will not press home that ancient and terrible question, Whadde ye mean, Truth? any further. M. E. I must add, for my fellows in ignorance, that I looked up concionary, and it means "preachy." "Opportunity Knocks Once" Drawn by Arthur Young. Opportunity:   "Mike!  Have you got $5,000 handy?   Now's your chance to make a million." Drawn by Maurice Becker. Portrait of American Citizen agonizing over his inability to participate in a war providentially close at hand The Masses 7 As It Were NOW that the white race has regained the championship of the universe, it can go on and eliminate itself with a light heart. A PROPOS of King George's threat to mount the water wagon his private secretary explains "that nothing but the most vigorous measures will successfully cope with the grave situation now existing." Something tells us that the useful private secretary is about to receive an appointment as Teetotaler to H. M. the King. NEW YORK, which originated the idea of a public  utilities commission, was also the first to demonstrate the futility of the idea. In the precession of the equinoxes New York marches close behind the band. INFORMATION has seeped through by way of private letters that there was after all a scandalous amount of fraternizing in. the trenches on Christmas day. In one instance, at least, the Germans and French compared notes and agreed that they were precisely; the same kind of damned fool. Happily the night put an end to these amenities and the war was saved from ruin. EVER since the sobering influences of public office were removed from him, W. H. Taft has grown constantly faster and looser in his utterances. Now he writes to a total stranger : "I believe that the success of our popular government depends on the continuance of the public school system." AS we understand the new telephone rate schedule in  New York, it silences the grumbling subscribers and doesn't hurt the company and the employees ought to be glad they have lived as long as they have. THE imported deputies who shot down the strikers at Roosevelt, N. J., have been granted an imported jury for fear the murderers cannot get justice from domestic citizens. This lets the Roosevelt people out easy; all they had to furnish was the targets. GALE threatens to publish the names of all fresh-men who refuse to contribute to the support of athletics.  For God, for country and blackmail ! "C- ONSTITUTIONAL Delegates Not Excited." So runs a headline on the eve of New York's convention. Neither is anybody else. Calmness appears to be unanimous. THE best way to revise the New York state constitution would also be the simplest. Anybody got a match? Howard Brubaker. The Jolly, Jolly Artist THERE is a new kind of art exhibit in town. It is called the Salon of American Humorists, not because the pictures are necessarily comic, but as an invitation to visitors to take the pictures as a pleasure, instead of going about sadly on tiptoe. But the curious thing is that under this title all sorts of pictures which under more solemn auspices have never seemed funny, here reveal their qualities of humor, justifying the theory of Mr. Baury, who got up the show, that the true genius of American art is humorous. The exhibition may be seen at the Folsom Galleries, 396 Fifth Avenue, until May first. 8 WHAT I SAW IN PRISON Frank Tanenbaum THE first day I was brought to Blackwell's Island, I was taken down to the photography room, undressed, measured and photographed. I was seated in a chair. The man came over and clapped an iron hood over my head as if I were an inorganic object to which he was attaching an iron hood or piece of metal. Then he ordered, "Stretch your arms," "Put out your foot," then called out a number. Until that minute I had been treated by the police, and the court, in the Tombs, as if I was human. There was always a very slight element of conscious human feeling in my relationship to my fellow man. But this was the first of a series of experiences where I had ceased to be a man and had become a number. Until that moment I was aggressive, defiant, uncompromising, but after that single experience, for at least the next few hours I was the most humble, obedient, I might almost say the most broken-spirited person imaginable. Dope One of the hardships of Blackwell's Island is that the men are kept in their cells all day Sunday, on Monday as well if it be a holiday, and if Tuesday should rain the "outside" men, those who do not work in the shops, are kept in then, too. The men use dope to pass the time. If they were given a chance to get out of their cells they would avoid this. In Sing Sing Osborne keeps the men out of their cells most of the time. This keeps them away from the dope. 1 know of one case of a boy on Blackwell's Island who had never used dope until he came to jail. He left jail a dope fiend. The cells are 3 1/2 by 7 feet. You can take only three steps. Some of the men haven't patience to read, some of them can't read, so there is nothing for them to do. Visitors They have peculiar visiting rules on the Island, to add to the misery. You are allowed only one visitor the first month, afterward two, but always the same person. You can only make a change once. (In other institutions each prisoner can have a different visitor each month, if he wishes.) Most prisoners can have visitors only on Saturday and Sunday, as their relatives and friends work during the week. Since the visiting days at the prison come on a week day, many prisoners are absolutely deprived of visitors. The men working in the shops on Blackwell's Island never see the sun. I worked in shops for six months. Outside of walking to my work and walking back again, I never saw the sun. In Sing Sing the men are given an hour's exercise every day, but this is not given at Blackwell's Island. Letters When you first come to Blackwell's Island you are allowed to write one letter the first month. This letter is written on one small piece of paper. The second month you are allowed two small sheets of paper. This is not enough for the men. There is constant friction between the Warden and the men on this score. One man had an important letter to write. He wrote on both sides of paper and not having finished all he wished to say, he asked the Warden for a second sheet of paper. "You write at the bottom of your letter 'Continued next week,' " said the Warden. This rule works against the institution, because the men get letters out by secret methods. The first day I was in jail I gor out two underground letters. Jim Winters, one of the prisoners, got a letter out for a friend of his. The friend had a wife sick outside and was worried. Winters got the letter out, but the letter was caught. Winters was put in the cooler for ten days. The Warden wanted him to "squeal" to whom he had given the letter. A keeper had taken it out, but Winters wouldn't tell. So he was kept in solitary confinement for five weeks, and then went crazy. I heard him beg the Warden for work. The Warden said to Jim, "How much time have you got to do, Jim?" Jim said, "Five months more." "How much time did you lose?" asked the Warden. "Twenty days," replied Jim. "Well," said the Warden, "you take five months and add twenty days to it and I will let you out of your cell on that day." Long before that time Winters was sent to Matteawan. In Sing Sing the men are allowed to write as many letters as they want to at the expense of the institution. Letter-writing is an important thing. It is the only way these men have of keeping up their interest in the outside world. If they cannot communicate with their friends they are forgotten, and when they come out after serving their terms they are in a strange world. Newspapers The men on Blackwell's Island are not allowed to read a newspaper. To do so is considered a crime punishable with ten days in the cooler. Needless to say the men in jail are more anxious to read than if they were outside. Not to keep in touch with the world is to lose interest in it—to lose the feeling of being one of a community. But the men get newspapers, anyway. They steal them. They are called "stiffs" in jail, because they are rolled up into a stiff cylinder form and hidden down the legs of the trousers. After a man reads the paper he passes it on to the next prisoner. Thus it circulates throughout the entire jail. It may be torn in fragments, but these are carefully preserved and passed on. I had got hold of a new newspaper once. I read it and passed it on. About a month later a man said to me, "Frank, would you like to read a newspaper?" I said "yes," and received the original newspaper. It tickled me, but I took great pleasure in reading it over again. The news was quite fresh again after a month. No matter how many rules you make in jail, the men will find a way to break them. I broke every rule of the institution the first day I was there. I never was caught for months. We put the newspapers in magazines and read them so. Keepers can't see it. I was caught reading a paper by a keeper a great many times, as he passed by. One day he said, "Jesus, I can't pass this place without finding you reading a newspaper. Where in hell do you get them?" Newspapers are forbidden as a punishment. It is an instrument for keeping your interest alive and would help to keep you free from contamination of the jail. The Prison Library They have a small library, not catalogued. The prisoners can't get the books they want and are forced to take any book given them. It often happens that a man gets a book that he cannot read, or he may have read it before. Men often destroy books that they cannot read. I went to the Warden and asked him if I might catalogue the library and put up a list of the books where the men could see it. The Warden said to me, "Any time, Tanenbaum, that we want your help to run this institution, we will call for it." The men in the institution are not allowed to have any tooth paste, or soap, and are sent to the cooler if they are caught with it. A jail commissary from whom the men could buy this stuff would help. Pictures The men are not allowed to decorate their cells. Forced to have them empty. You cannot imagine what it means to the men to have pictures on the wall, pictures of some one dear to them. Some of the men showed real artistic ability in decorating their cells, which they do despite the rule. If they are caught the wardens tear up the pictures of their mothers and sisters before their eyes. Two men were sent to the cooler the day before I left for decorating their cells. Smoking The men are allowed to smoke but are not allowed matches. They get a light twice a night. This is not enough, so they destroy hundreds of dollars worth of materials, shirts, trousers, etc. They make rags of these, which they call tinder, then they make, a "buzz" and this with a piece of stone supplies a spark, this ignites the material. The institution is 350 years behind its time. It was four hundred before Miss Davis got hold of it. The men are not allowed to have knives, but they get them anyway. They make one out of a piece of tin, or they steal a carving-knife from the kitchen and cut it down to make a small one. Pencils The men are allowed to write letters, but are not given pencils. They are evidently supposed to write letters without them. They do, too, so far as the Warden knows. But they get pencils, stealing them from the keepers if necessary. They cut a large pencil up into tiny pieces about two inches long and share them with the other prisoners. One of my friends used to complain that my letters were not intelligible.   I don't wonder. One of the peculiar things about the jail is rules are made up by the keepers to suit themselves. Many are being punished for breaking rules that do not exist. If a keeper doesn't like your face, he punishes you by standing you against the wall, depriving you of food, or shuts you up in the cooler. The Cooler The cooler is a cell without a bed, only one blanket, and bread and water. A prisoner is kept there as long as the Warden likes.   When I got out The Masses 9 of the cooler after seven days I was so weak I couldn't stand. But there has been one "reform" introduced by Miss Davis. You are now given a little piece of bread in the morning and a little piece of bread at night. Same amount of bread as before, only instead of getting a whole piece once a day it is divided into two pieces and given to you twice a day. This is Miss Davis' method of "humanizing the cooler." The blanket in my cell in the cooler was so dirty that I preferred to lie on my side until I was numb to turning over, because if I turned a tornado of dust would have been raised. The Solitary Then there is the Solitary.   When a prisoner is in solitary confinement he gets no exercise whatever. They are put there mainly because of a grudge of the Warden's. Just a few days before I left, the Warden put a man in Solitary who had fourteen months ahead of him to do, and told him in my hearing that he would keep him there for all that time. That man will never stand it. Long before the fourteen months are up he will be insane. I wasn't very much liked by the Warden. Out of the eleven months I was in prison, I spent seven and a half in punishment. I was in Solitary two months. I will tell you why. In the Quarry I had been working out in the quarry. After getting into trouble, I was transferred from the shop to the quarry. It was relief to me since it took me out of the building and put me in the air. The head-keeper over the quarry, a bully, believed in treating his men as if they were dogs and acted as though he were God's special avenger. I stood him for about four months. I bit my lips and swallowed all I could. As I already had a reputation for being a rather unruly prisoner, I wanted to keep out of trouble. One cold day in December, he refused to give us a fire. Out in the quarry there is a lot of wood which the men take out of the river and saw up and which they are supposed to use for warming themselves in the winter. As that was a particularly cold day and we stood shivering behind a ledge of rock, in the shade, poorly clothed, we wanted him to give us a fire. He thought it wasn't sufficiently cold. We were all numb and frozen, but the boys were afraid to go up and speak to him about it, as he always threatened them with the cooler. I went up to him and said : "Mr. Keeper, won't you give us a fire?" He said to me, "Go on down below or I will put you in hock." I said, "I have been there before and am not afraid to go there. You can put me there any time you want to, but you give the men a fire, because it's cold." He said, "You are mighty particular, aren't you, afraid you will freeze, hey?" I said, "You aren't cold, of course. You have heavy underwear, a sweater, heavy gloves, good shoes, felt hat, laps over your ears. Of course you aren't cold, but what about us?" "Never mind all that," says he, "you go down or I am going to put you in hock." I lost my temper. I called him a bully, said I didn't consider myself any worse than he was, etc. He didn't put me in hock that day because a few minutes later the second warden came out and asked him why he wasn't giving his men a fire when it was so cold. But he found a pretext next day and put me to the wall and charged me with insolence and refusing to work. Being put to the wall means that you are ordered to stand against the wall without anything to eat. The warden may come by a hundred times but asks no questions until evening. The warden came along and asked, "What have you done?" I answered "Nothing." Then he asked the keeper what I had done. The keeper said I was insolent and refused to work. I denied it. I said, "The keeper is telling a lie." The warden said, "I can't help that; lock him up." I was locked up in the cooler for a couple of days. About the fifth day the Warden came to me and said, "Do you think you can get along with the keeper at the quarry, now?" I said, "I am afraid he can't get along with me." So I was placed in Solitary and kept there for two months. He took me out the morning I came home. I was deprived of all reading matter. I was never taken out of my cell except for three minutes each morning to wash and every week to take a bath. I was fed in my cell, and that although I offered to go to work anywhere else in the prison except with the keeper in the quarry. In Solitary, to keep myself in good condition, I took three thousand steps a day. I could just take three steps and to do this had to put up my bed as the cell was only 3 1/2 by 7 feet. I refused to go to work for the keeper at the quarry for one simple reason. This keeper is probably the most hated man on Blackwell'ss Island, except perhaps the Warden. Just drives his men on as if they were a set of dogs, and any time these men are given a pretext they would pounce on him. I felt that for me to go back to the quarry would have meant trouble for him and trouble for me. He was sure to nag at me again, and I would have lost my temper and done something which would give the other men a chance to throw a hammer at him, and then I would be sent up to Sing Sing for the rest of my natural life. I didn't think the end worth the means. I preferred to remain in Solitary than to take this chance. I will tell more about "What I Saw in Prison" next month. Drawn by H. J. Glintenkamp traveling agitator:   "are there any socialists in this  neighborhood ?" "wal, i dunno, but if there are, you'll find their skins on the end o' the barn. my man, he's a great hunter, and he's got some of every critter there is." 10 NEWS  FROM  THE FRONT Rosika Schwimmer (Buda-Pesth) [Madame Schwimmer is one of the leaders of the feminist movement, an eloquent orator and a propagandist of radical ideas. She has just gone to the Women's Peace Conference at the Hague after a speaking tour in America.] PEOPLE begin to yawn over their daily papers, the war game grows too monotonous. The reports of this gigantic new sport tell you today that the Allies gained five yards of ground which yesterday had been conquered by the Germans. It gets pretty tiresome to watch, for months, twenty-five millions of able-bodied men move five yards this way and five yards that. They give you careful information about the number of men and guns captured back and forth. Figures, neat and business-like as in the ledger of a respectable merchant's office. Then, as a pleasant break in the tiresome statistics, comes some interesting information about Victoria and Iron Crosses bestowed upon heroes. Regularly five or six ships, dreadnoughts, submarines, go to the bottom of the sea, ornamenting the military reports like the brass buttons on the coats of the generals. This is how the game is reflected in the mirror of the press. The dry military reports stand between you and the real happenings like a screen. It is only in letters from the front that we can see what War is. I have one in my hand : "I never shall forgive myself not to have shot the man who, lying on his stomach, tried to raise his head, and in a voice which I never shall forget, screamed out to me to have mercy. 'Kill me, don't let me suffer as I do.' I see the glazed eyes, the mortified green face, I see the wild, agonized look in the eyes—I see the upper part of a body rising—I see an open abdomen out of which the entrails flow like the train of a woman's dress. Oh, the horror of it! And the horror of my cowardice, that I didn't shoot the man." He keeps on torturing himself with this accusation. "I have been sent home for three days, and I wonder how I will be able to stand again what haunts me day and night," writes another friend of mine who had the privilege to serve as war correspondent instead of fighting. "I cannot forget the picture of a woman on the Southern battlefield, the corpse of a young woman, her skull broken open, the brains flowing out and a pig eating on that brain." "I saw the inhabitants of a destroyed city fleeing in masses," I heard an American war correspondent telling, "and I saw, myself, women overcome with pains giving birth to children on the road, taking the newborn babes in handkerchiefs and running on as if they had stopped for nothing more important than to blow their noses." The paper of this same war correspondent is registering every cannon and every inch of soil conquered and reconquered by the opposing forces, giving an accurate account in every edition of the military side of the war, but Ô don't find a single word about this human, or, shall I say, inhuman side of the war. A Hungarian girl who went to care for the Galician refugees tells me in a recent letter the story of a poor Polish woman who said: "I wanted to protect my children, and when the Russians came I ran with the other inhabitants of the village and I took my baby in a shawl on my back, the two others hung onto my skirts. I ran fast, as fast as I could, and when I arrived at the station, I had the two children hanging on my skirts, I had the shawl on my back, but I had no baby and I don't know where I dropped it." No, they don't want us to find out that there is no honor, no glory, no heroism, no patriotism, no love for anything noble, nothing but butchery and slaughter and rape. War means that. You know the story of the War-brides. You know how God's agents in charge of the different churches compete with the military rulers in glorifying this kind of prostitution. But do you know of the concentration camps with compulsory service of women ? You may have seen, in the March issue of the New York Times' Current History of the War, the full reports of the atrocities committed on Belgian women. But you didn't get the other reports about the same kind of atrocities committed by all armies on female human beings between the ages of five and eighty-nine in all the countries where the game of war is being played. "I was sent here after I had been so severely wounded that they had little hope of early sending me back to the front," a Hungarian man writes in a letter that I have seen. "I found my village invaded by the Russians, and I found my wife, my own daughter of fifteen and my niece of fourteen living in my house, pregnant by Russians. Down to children of twelve, the other women of the village share their fate." Of course, there are people who strongly doubt whether they should call an outrage on a woman an atrocity. A Russian general, of whom a letter that I recently received tells, certainly does not consider it from any such "sentimental" standpoint. "You know he was a remarkable man," my friend writes. "He had quite an unusual sense of the sacredness of private property. Being put in charge of the city--, conquered by the Russians, he proclaimed that he would punish any of his soldiers who took advantage of the situation and did anything illegal, and he kept his word by punising every soldier who was accused of having stolen something. The complainants often pleaded for the offenders when they saw how cruelly these men were beaten for a stolen ring or something like that. But the first man whose complaint was refused and who was rudely insulted for his complaint, was a man who came to accuse fifteen soldiers who violated his wife. 'Serves you right!' shouted the general who had such an unusual sense of the sacredness of private property, 'Serves you right, why did the women of this place flee when we settled? Why didn't you leave women enough for my soldiers ?' " "I am in charge of eighteen French women pregnant by German, Turko-Hindoo and other exotic soldiers," I saw in a letter of an American woman. In place of the intellectual and industrial Internationalism which the militarists so successfully smashed down, they encourage a new "internationalism." Their only complaint is that women are not clever enough to manage that all these international little lives which tortured women are bearing shall be males. Certainly another proof of the inferiority of the breeding machines. Yes, the military authorities keep the world in ignorance of the human side of their massacre, because they know if people really knew what war means, no decent men and women could stand by and allow the diplomats to wipe out Europe. If people really knew, they would say, as those who know do say, "Diplomats and Governments made war, dragged the people to the slaughterhouse. People are going to make peace, demanding that Europe shall be saved from suicide by immediate cessation of hostilities." A Letter to The Masses From a Distinguished Citizen IT is the duty of all patriotic citizens with red blood in their veins to denounce as peculiarly base and criminal the movement toward birth limitation, that is not only condoned, but actively and wilfully defended by The Masses. I, myself, and all men who are not moral cowards or mollycoddles, are heartily in favor of child bearing, because it is right. I favor as genuinely all things that are right, as I oppose all things that are wrong. And to deny that what is right is right is simply a case of conscious and infamous wrongdoing. Let me repeat, any one who is opposed to the bearing of children by women is guilty of outrageous and flagrant conduct, which is precisely as evil for the man of great wealth as for the wage-earner or small business man. I heartily favor the law limiting the period of gestation to three months. If this were done, there is no adequate reason why any woman with a single spark of patriotism should not bear at least four children a year. It is literally incomprehensible how any man of average intelligence can tolerate the limitation of progeny or permit his wife to have less than four healthy and vigorous babies annually. To do so is to act with wanton and indefensible baseness. It is common knowledge that the prevalence of such standards in American society is due to the criminal failure of Messrs. Wilson and Bryan to protect the American flag in Mexico. The utterly preposterous action of President Wilson, who has knowingly chosen to remain at ease in Washington, rather than shoulder a gun and knapsack and die for his country in Mexico, has jeopardized the political future of the United States and reduced the morale of the government to the level of Dahomey. MURMURINGS IN A FIELD HOSPITAL (They picked him up in the grass where he had lain two days in the rain with a piece of shrapnel in his lungs.) COME to me only with playthings now .  . .   A picture of a singing woman with blue eyes Standing at a fence of hollyhocks, poppies and sunflowers . . . Or an old man I remember sitting with children telling stories Of   days   that   never   happened   anywhere   in the world .  . . No more iron cold and real to handle, Shaped for a drive straight ahead. Bring me only beautiful useless things. Only   old   home   things   touched   at   sunset   in the quiet . . . And at the window one day in summer Yellow of the new crock of butter Stood against the red of new climbing roses . . . And the world was all playthings. Carl Sandburg. 11 The Savior of His Race Drawn by  George Bellows. THE MASSES, May, 1915. India Pale Ale  5c Drawn by Glenn O. Coleman. The   Sawdust Trail 14 The Masses Excitement A MAN with square-cut shoulders sat across the restaurant table  from me,  and  we talked of many things; finally about the war. "I was a soldier once," he announced. "I fought against the Boers. . . . Hell, no; they never did anything to me. I just wanted excitement. I was young, adventurous, and tired of the small town I lived in, and so I ran away to Canada and got into a regiment bound for South Africa. "We got there eventually, and sweated and baked and drilled around for weeks before we got a chance to move against the enemy. But at last the order came and we were happy. We were crazy to shoot something, you see—to kill a man, to smell blood. We were on edge for any kind of excitement. "But we didn't get much at first. The Boers just lay around among the kopjes and picked us off by ones and twos and dozens while we fumed and swore and went through our little daily set of motions as laid down in the military book of rules. "The Boers had some cracking good sharpshooters, and don't you forget it. There was one in especial who got on our nerves. He had a roost up on a hillside between a couple of twin rocks and when he was feeling good he could bag half a dozen men a day. We tried all sorts of schemes to trap him or dislodge him, but all of them failed. "I had got some reputation as a shot before we left Canada and I thought I knew what was coming when one day the colonel's orderly came around and said the old man wanted me. " 'Go out and get the beggar,' says the colonel. That suited me. I was as happy as a small boy with his first air-rifle. I sat up most of that night tuning up my gun. Before daybreak I was out beyond the lines where Ã dug myself a hole in the sand within range of those twin rocks where the sniper hung out. At sun-up we started popping at each other and kept it up nearly all day without any damage on either side. "Along about 4 o'clock in the afternoon there was a silence and then all of a sudden I saw my friend the enemy standing up in plain sight between his twin rocks. I can't imagine why he did it, unless it was to show he had decided a British soldier couldn't hit the side of a house with a baseball bat. "Anyhow, he was foolish ; I drew fine sight on him and dropped him like a jack rabbit. Then, like the kid that I was, I went running over to look at my game, never thinking it might be a frame-up. But he was dead all right. "I had hit him in the breast and he had hardly moved, except to draw his feet up and down a few times. I could see where his heels had dug little trenches in the sand. "I looked down at him and then I looked all around, but there wasn't a sound to be heard or a living creature in sight. There was just me and the dead man, with the desert all to ourselves. "He was an old, old farmer, as I could tell by his big, rough and scaly hands. Likely enough he was a patriarch and a prophet in his home community. His slouch hat had fallen off and his rheumy old eyes stared straight up at the sky. His sparse hair was white and silky. He was thin and bloodless, as I could see by his unbuttoned shirt that showed his withered chest. Blood was still oozing from the hole in his breast and drying as it trickled down his side. "I felt queer and sickish. I wanted to get away from there. I would have given anything if I could have brought the old man around again. It would have been the joyfullest thing in the world for me if he had jumped up all of a sudden and beat hell out of me. I felt like saying, 'God knows I didn't mean to do it, grandad ; I didn't know it was you.' . . . No, I'm in the advertising game now, and say, business is rotten." Phillips Russell. WHERE SYMPATHY PAYS SHE has such feeling for the wretched poor! —Yes, that's her limousine !— She writes those tales about the working girls In----'s Magazine. Florence Kiper Frank. ALMOST MY sweetheart has the supplest arms So full of tenderness and fire; They almost cheat her other charms They way they rouse and still desire. My sweetheart has the kindest breast, Two heavens with each a single star ; They give me everything but rest— So strange these rosy pillows are. My sweetheart has the hungriest lips That beg and press unsparingly; They cling so close she almost slips Among her kisses into me. My sweetheart's body is a cry, A poignant and resistless call; It almost makes me wonder why She hasn't any mind at all. Louis Untermeyer. Honorable Mention "MR. FRICK is better known as a steel magnate than as an art collector."—Literary Digest. From Horace Traubel "THE MASSES came to me this morning up in the war country. I've been helping myself to it till I'm fed. It's a noble piece of work. Somebody's to be congratulated. You, maybe, or some others, or many others, I don't know. Somebody. And America's to be congratulated. America don't know it's in luck. But there's the luck nevertheless. I like the brutal kindness of The Masses almost as much as 1 like its kind brutality. It's like a big storm, doing harm and meaning none, doing good without the consciousness of virtue, clearing the air, making it easier for life to be lived after it has passed on. I feel glad for you who can achieve so much for the ideal without a club. Love always. Brantford, Ontario. Traubel. To  Our  St. Anthony O ANTHONY, St. Anthony, we humbly bow to thee, To thy most holy ignorance and matchless purity. Thou seizest our magazines, but even though we've missed 'em, 'Twas for our moral uplift that we built the postal system. Oh, speed the day, we pray thee, to that pure and virtuous ending When all shall be as dull as thee and Nature'll quit offending. Protect our brains, dear stupid saint, from everything that's human, Especially from the loathesome thought that we were born of woman. Oh, speed the darkness that shall spread from Maine clear down to Texas, When no American shall know the secret of the sexes; When all shall presuppose, with minds forever free from sin, That woman's shape does not extend far down below her chin. Unsex our drama, Anthony, by taking woman out ; Destroy all art ; for goodness sake, put literature to rout. Burn all those awful books that tell how chickens come from eggs ; Burn all those awful pictures where the ladies all have legs. And may our postal laws, dear saint, drop heavily, kerchug, On every sexual reference to man or brute or bug. And dost thou not, dear saint, perceive a great contamination In books about the doings of the vegetable creation? Thy holy mind, undoubtedly, must view with eyes askance Those dreadful, lewd directions how to fertilize the plants. Oh bless us, saint, with all the virtuous ignorance we need, To keep our minds protected from the secret of the seed. We trust that thou wilt drape the curs that wander past our flat And put at least a fig leaf on our neighbor's Thomas cat. Go out into our pastures, please, and civilize the herds ; And while thou'rt at it, Anthony, put pants upon the birds. From horrid sights of Nature we would be forever free ; If need be, gouge our eyes out so we'll be as blind as thee. And when thou'rt finished, Anthony, with art and Nature, too, And all that's male or female has come under thy taboo; And when at last all things in sight are stamped with thy approval, Or else with some anathema that calls for their removal ; We hope that thou wilt guide us where our sinful nature fails, By stamping every woman with : "EXCLUDED FROM THE MALES." Charles W. Wood. THE MASSES 15 SPRING! HEY, old world, old lazy-bones, wake to the Spring-tune! The music of the spheres is quickened to a jig— Wobble a one-step along your flashing orbit, with the moon for your light-tripping partner ! Shove your staid bonnet over your ear, proper old lady, And sway along the streets, tipsy with the Spring ! Here are the young men, gay in their festive lids, Carolling vigorously the joy within them! What matter if the tune slide up and down? Spring is alive, and the maidens tremble to you, as you to them. I thrill with it too— I long to hie me to His Honor the Mayor, And slap him vigorously on the back, disturbing the proper set of his derby, And shout, Wake up, old chap, it's Spring! Let the solemn judge shrug off the ermine, and join the revellers ! Let the pompous financier sing a naughty trio with his wife and the placid chaffeur ! And this to the Police Commissioner— Furnish the foremost pair of your marching guardians of the peace with mandolins and guitars, And let the ranks behind decorously do the toe dance. Oh, the quickening of the world ! The push of the agile leaves, the fluttering mating of birds, The delicious unquiet of the love-hungry earth ! The awakening spirit is everywhere ; Nothing escapes ; nothing can resist dancing to its absurd and delightful melody. Clement Wood. The Scar JIM worked in the basement. Perhaps lived in one, too. For he so much resembled a subterranean shoot, tall, thin, of a greenish yellow color. Like any vegetation that sprouts in the dark. His gait was a sort of shove; no elasticity in his step, as if the spring were broken and the body dragged along by aimless feet. He was not dressed. A soiled shirt and a pair of trousers were just hung upon him. Though after work, he changed for what appeared a better outfit. His hair, coarse and colorless, was greased down, unevenly. His face looked like a congealed mass with a membrane drawn over it, to hold it together. It was devoid of all emotion, even pain. Occasionally there would flicker on this membrane a grin, a surface grin, all hollow and meaningless. The nose was well shaped, but the life was all squeezed out of it. There was a blueness in the lips that intensified the greenish yellow of his skin. His hands were large with knotted fingers. Several of the finger nails were split and one entirely missing. The veins stood out like rope, and on the protruding knuckles the skin hung chapped and bleeding. His palms were callous.   Basement work is rough. When the water bottle Jim was adjusting broke in his hands and red blood gushed forth, it seemed so strange—red blood from a green stalk. How the blood ran ! Yet there was no indication of pain on his face. Not a sound escaped him. Not even when the ambulance surgeon probed with his instruments for broken glass in his wounds. When the stitches were being put in, the head became erect, and the mouth a knot ; the shoulders twitched a little, but that was all. Several days later, I enquired of Jim how his wounds were getting along. "All right," he replied, narrowing his eyes. That slant of the eyes, the drawl in the "All right" made it quite apparent that all was not right. "What is wrong, Jim?" I asked. He regarded me for a second, as if to convince himself that my interest were real. Then bending forward, his face very much agitated, "I am afraid," he said painfully, "it's going to leave a scar." Jeannette Pearl. A Liberal Censorship THE board of censorship which passes on the morality of films has given its sanction to one called "The Birth of a Nation," made from a book by the notorious Negro-hater, Thomas Dixon. It shows what horrible things happened (according to Mr. Dixon) when the Negro was given equal political rights with the white race. It teaches that the Negro is a monster that must be deprived of all human rights, and lynched occasionally to keep him "in his place." It glorifies the outrages of the Klu Klux Klan and libels the Negro character with malignant ferocity. It perverts history, incites race-prejudice and justifies crime. Our censors are getting "liberal." But there is one more stage of liberality. It is possible to say: "We will take the risk of this picture doing harm. We will take the risk of any picture doing harm. We will prohibit nothing." That is an honorable, if difficult, thing to say. Let the board of censorship say that, and resign. Lifting and Uplifting in Paterson Drawn by Maurice Becker. 16 THE MASSES The Human Animal and Others, Walking the Face of the Earth Drawn by Stuart Davis. Apropos of Nothing A NEWS ITEM to the effect that Donald Lowrie, ex-convict and prison-reformer, had been "run in" somewhere in California for being drunk, was printed recently in every newspaper in the country. That fact did not in judicious minds militate against the value of the work Lowrie has done in making the people of California know about, and improve, their prison-conditions. But it is interesting to find in his new book, "My Life Out of Prison," Mitchell Kennerley, $1.50 net, a reference to his drinking. He tells of a time when he was still "on parole," when getting drunk would have meant going back to prison. He went into a cafe with some casual friends, and they insisted on treating. It was 4 o'clock in the morning when he managed to escape. "Thanks, fellows," he falsified.   "Hope I'll meet you all again." "I can still," he writes, "see their hands waving a merry good-night as the machine drew away from the curb. Yes, I still see the waving hands, hands that had never known the 'rock-pile.' They were fine fellows, jolly, good-natured, and had not permitted me to spend a cent. Yet they had taken me into places and had encouraged me to do things which, so far as they knew at the moment, might result in my imprisonment." Mr. Lowrie doesn't ask us to sympathize with him in regard to his enforced abstinence. But we insist on sympathizing with him in regard to the undue attention given to an incident which only proves his common humanity. He breaks his heart to get publicity for the horrors of San Quentin ; city editors aren't interested. He gets taken to police court one night ;—headlines ! The Gift of Candor We have heard a good deal about the Russian soul  since the war began, chiefly from English and French writers and in terms of lyric enthusiasm. These writers get their information about the Russian soul chiefly from Dostoievsky. Well, judging from Dostoievsky's own accounts of that soul, it isn't a pretty thing. It is full of cruelty and forgiveness, violence and meekness, ardor and stupidity, vast darkness and blinding light; and it has an ineffable candor. Thus it is that the Russian invents vodka, the worst drink on earth; and, on the other hand, takes a thing like the stage, which is so degraded all over the world that it is shunned and despised by its sister arts of painting and music and sculpture—takes this vile thing and makes a wonderful and beautiful religion of it, as in the Moscow Art Theater. Unlucky at drink, lucky at art, unlucky at love—for the Russian soul is, according to the documents, too mystical to understand sexual love at all. It isn't a nice, companionable, civilized soul. But there is one thing it seems to do to perfection—and that is, understand itself and reveal itself in fiction. That quality or gift of self-revelation is something which English prose literature has always very sadly lacked. But deep-hidden under its reserves and pretences, the capacity for telling the truth is there. And one of the encouraging and inspiriting things about recent English fiction is that it has at last begun to be candid. American writing hasn't yet with the fewest exceptions, started in to try. One of those exceptions is Donald Lowrie. Perhaps being in prison gave him a chance to find out what he was like. Perhaps coming out suddenly made the world seem very vivid. Anyway, he tells the truth about himself and it. The result is a book of singular fascination. It is exciting, too, as all true books are. "My Life Out of Prison" is the most interesting book I have read this year, excepting only George Moore's "Vale," the last volume of this astonishing triology of memoirs. That is a true book, too. Mr. Lowrie and Mr. Moore wouldn't like each other. Mr. Lowrie would disapprove of Mr. Moore, and Mr. Moore would find Mr. Lowrie too Christian to suit his pagan tastes. But the books get along Well side by side on my shelf, the one dedicated to "true fiction." . . . There are few books on it. F. D. "The First Few Books" OUR series of articles advising Lincoln Steffens, at his request, what books he ought to read will be continued next month.   Meanwhile— AFTER reading the letter Lincoln Steffens wrote to The Masses, I made this choice from my own reading of the past five years. While mature and more concentrated thinking would probably alter this list somewhat, I feel that the time spent in reading these books would not be set down as wasted: "Jean Christophe," by Romain Rolland. "Sons and Lovers," by D. H. Lawrence. "Insurgent Mexico," by John Reed. "The Life of the Fly," by J. H. Fabre. Preface to "Misalliance," by G. B. Shaw. Gertrude Traubel. LET me recommend to Mr. Steffens "The Art of the Theater," by Gordon Craig.   It is in its field as revolutionary as the theories of Freud. R. J. THE MASSES 17 Drawn by Boardman Robinson. "What's the celebration about, Ms Milligan?" "Sure,  me  boy's  comin'  home  today.    He was  sentenced to ten years in the penitentiary, but he got three years off for good conduct." "Ah!  I wish I had a son like that!" 18 THERE MUST  BE  AN END Meyer London THE world is disappointed at the failure of the International Socialist Movement to prevent the war. There is a compliment in this disappointment. There is some consolation in the thought that mankind expected the Socialists to overcome national prejudice, and national hatred, to defeat the secret plans of cabinets, to overpower the gigantic physical forces at the disposal of the rulers of the world. It is true that in almost all of the Parliaments of the world, the Socialists have vigorously opposed militarism and cheerfully accepted insult and ridicule from patriots and saviors of the nations. Some went to prison for opposing militarism, others bravely faced the charge of high treason. As an international force, sad though it may be to confess, Internationalism has so far failed to assert itself. One of the charming religious ceremonies of the orthodox Jew ends with "Jerusalem next year." But next year finds us still in New York. We put off Jerusalem till next year again. In a way, International Socialism has had the same fate. No serious attempt has ever been made to practise it, and no sentiment has any value in life until it is practised. The advocacy of the general strike as a means of preventing a European war, did not find favor with the leaders of the movement. It must be assumed that the leaders knew their armies, and that they doubted the readiness of the masses to bring sacrifices for a remote ideal. Be it as it may, the general strike idea did not prevail at the International Socialist Congresses. Jean Jaures, who was to renew his fight for the general strike at the Congress which was to be held in Vienna on the 1st of August, 1914, was assassinated by a madman, just as he strained every effort to prevent the conflagration which is now destroying Europe. The assassination of Jaures was a fit prelude to the long drama of madness which has seized the nations. For many years the Socialists have been warning the ruling powers that it was dangerous to accumulate explosives, and to permit the incubus of militarism to settle itself upon the peoples of Europe. But when the explosion came, and the universe itself shook to its very foundation, and reason, and science, and the International law of the "upper classes" and the International solidarity of the "lower classes" were blown into atoms and scattered to the winds, the Socialists, together with the rest of their co-nationals, were drawn into the maelstrom of confusion. The hallucination was complete. The nightmare had full sway. The proletarians of the world have been at each other's throats ever since. But if some excuse or explanation can be found for the Socialists of the belligerent nations, what can be said in defense of the attitude of the Socialists in the neutral countries? Of course, even for them it could be said that the calamity has overwhelmed the minds of men by its very magnitude. But we have had plenty of time to look around. We, as Socialists, cannot take seriously the accusation of barbarity brought against any of the belligerents by any of the others, nor can we accept the narrow view that it was one ruler and one nation that brought about this cataclysm. To us, German militarism is no more attractive than British navalism, nor has the prospect of the Cossacks' rule any particular charm for us. But while we are neutral, we must not and cannot remain indifferent. It is not true that nothing can be done by the neutrals to help terminate the war. There is in each of the belligerent countries a large number of men who are opposed to the war. Karl Liebknecht is leading the revolt in Germany. The Independent Labor Party of England has voiced its protest against the intrigues of diplomacy and the machinations of cabinets. We must lend courage and strength to the struggling minorities. Had the neutral countries been mere innocent onlookers, the situation would not be so grave, but the neutral countries have not remained neutral. They have been adding fuel to the fire. They have been sending food and ammunition to the belligerents, and the greatest sinner in this respect has been the United States of America. SHELLS THAT DO THE Job. Dont linger MADE IN AMERICA THE BEST THE BEST SHELLS DIE THE BEST WAY Drawn by Arthur Young. THE WINDS OF SPRING ALL day have the winds of spring blown in, At the grating above our heads, All day have the warm, sweet winds puffed in, While we watched the running threads, Blown over the chimneys, up from the streets, And the loose-board, alley sheds. O, we may not stop, nor lift an eye, We may not stop to see, Where the shoals of the mackerel clouds float by, Lest a snapping thread swing free. But I know for all the whirr of wheels, And the clack of the loom's gaunt frame, That the winds are calling, calling away, From the factory's gray-faced shame, Are tugging like tiny hands at my skirt, And singing in tears my name. O, mad, young wind, from far and near, Wind of the hill and sea, I may not stop for your song, nor hear, Lest a snapping thread swing free. hortense flexner. I say food and ammunition. It is just as wrong to send food to Germany as it is to send ammunition to the Allies. We have been preaching against war.  We have been advocating internationalism.  We have taught the world to look upon the United States as the champion of peace. Does not history offer a great opportunity to the American people? Cannot the working class of America refuse to make arms and ammunition? Is it not our duty to refuse to export any article which may be used by either of the belligerents? How can the Socialist movement remain indifferent? How can the American Federation of Labor permit its members to directly aid in the work of destruction ? One can hardly blame the Government of the United States for refusing to put an embargo on food and ammunition. After all, the Government is a mere agent. The people have not spoken. Every group of the community is absorbed in its own little group interests. All that the Government can do is to maneuver skilfully between the rocks of conflicting interests. It is up to the working people to act. A general strike of the workers engaged in the manufacturing of ammunition, and in the exporting of articles of food, would undoubtedly bring a great deal of distress ; would upset industry and involve great sacrifice. But is not the entire history of labor a story of martyrdom? Has not labor been compelled to undergo deprivation and inflict injury upon itself in its struggle upward ? Has there ever been a decrease of hours of labor, or an improvement of any condition, without sacrifice? The workers have struck for wages. They have struck for the ballot. Can they be made to strike for International Peace? Can labor rise to its mission and its opportunity in this great crisis of the world? Mutiny FROM one point of view, the most important thing  that has happened in the war so far is the mutiny of the troops defending Przemysl. The revolt of outraged human nature against the conditions of modern warfare has hitherto taken only such forms as insanity and what is mildly called "nervous breakdown." Mutiny is a happier reaction to the intolerableness of war, and Austria is to be congratulated on having inaugurated what may be expected to become during the year a popular form of self-expression. Pat Quinlan THE story of Patrick Quinlan is known to most of our readers. It was briefly told in these pages last month when his fight for freedom in the courts ended adversely, and to the chagrin of all lovers of justice, he went, an innocent man, to prison for seven years. That he should serve that unjust sentence is intolerable, and a strenuous effort is being made to secure a pardon for him. This effort is seriously hampered by the lack of money for expenses. As little as fifty dollars will help greatly. Contributions should be sent to Mrs. Anna M. Sloan, 240 W. Fourth street, New York City. 19 Family Limitation— Old Style Drawn by K. R. Chamberlain. 20 The Masses Birth Control AS a means of agitation for the repeal or amendment of the law prohibiting the circulation of information in regard to preventing conception, the Birth Control League has been formed. The board of this organization consists of Paul Kennaday, Jessie Ashley, Mary Ware Dennett, James F. Morton, Jr., Winthrop Lane, Felix Grendon and Clara Stillman. Those who wish to join may communicate through this office. Public Opinion and the Law (Remarks at the meeting for the organization of the Birth Control League, by Mary Ware Dennett.) JUDGING by the recent experiences of several groups of representative people, there can be little doubt that the time is ripe for the action this meeting is called to take,—the organization of a Birth Control League. Several groups have independently and spontaneously got together to do something, the impetus having been largely precipitated by the Sanger case. Irrespective of the variation in programs, there has been marked unanimity on one point—that correct information about birth control should be freely obtainable. And it is an encouraging fact that this conviction seems to be held by all kinds of people, from the most cramped conservative to the freest type of radical. It is true that among both radicals and conservatives there is to be found a certain timidity in regard to positive action which seems born of a fear that the sensibilities and prejudices of others must somehow be protected. Just what others no one seems to exactly know. They are mythical and elusive people just round the corner who disappear when we really hunt for them. All we can find are those who say, "Of course, personally, I entirely believe in it, but I think perhaps it would not do to say so, in any but a purely private way just yet." Now since almost nobody can be found, except Comstock, who will say for his or her own self, "I think the present law is all right," the rest of us only need to simultaneously shed our "ifs" and "buts," which we have been holding for the undiscoverable other people, and join together to push for the change we all believe in. It is a shame to have a law on the statute-books which is so seriously at variance with the degree of evolution already achieved by the race in the matter of the sex-relation. In spite of the all too many perverted and degenerating phases of sex life which exist at present, it is still true that there has been a wonderful evolution that is perfectly logical, natural and desirable,—that is, the recognition of the value of other precious results from the sex-relation beside children, the psychological, emotional and spiritual reactions, and, if I may venture to use the term without being misunderstood, the moral reaction also. For the highly developed civilized human being there is no such thing as natural sex-relations, that is, in the animal sense. We do not, after the simple manner of the animals, have a mating season. We do not have an annual baby. It would be anything but ideal to do so. But instead we expand our creative impulses into other channels which are more beneficial and enjoyable for the race. We find creative scope in the whole wide field of science, art and community life. And along with this expansion, we are developing a conscious and unashamed appreciation of the invaluable reactions of the sex-relation upon the individual, quite apart from the question of children. This faculty of appreciation,—this evolved use of the sex function seems to be peculiar to the human race, an evidence of its higher development and actual progress. Therefore it is a specially grave mistake to allow the continuance of a law, which not only has no place in modern thought or idealism, but which is positively pernicious in that it links up with crime an element in education which is absolutely essential to individual and racial progress. It is already sneakily available for the well to do, but is still, alas, beyond the reach of most of the masses. It is generally assumed, though often falsely so, that law does not exist till demanded by public opinion, and so the average mind is apt to more or less hold the law in respect. The result is that, in instances like this, the respect becomes hypocritical, and there is general shamefacedness in evading or defying the law. which is in itself demoralizing. It is obviously a long job to make the statutes thoroughly reflect the best thought and ideals of the community, but that is no reason for postponing the effort. The Sanger Case ON behalf of the Sanger Fund, The Masses thanks its readers for their response to our last month's appeal for contributions. The sum of $93.65 has been turned over to those in charge of the case. We publish below a few characteristic letters from our correspondence on this subject. From a Working Woman To The Masses: As being a poor workingwoman I could not have any more children than I have at the present time. Now could you furnish me with information pertaining to family limitations, or direct me to where I could get the desired information? I am interested in the Margaret Sanger case and am prompted to  write hoping you  might enlighten me. From a "Stodgy Bourgeois To The Masses: Enclosed  is   a  check,   smaller   than   I  could  wish, to assist in   the   defense   of   the   Sangers.     I   am   a   stodgy bourgeois and reprehend most of your doctrines very heartily, but even a stiffnecked royalist ought to support you in this. Another Comstock Victim To The Masses: As you are on Mr. Comstock's trail, I would like to call to your attention the case of Mr. Moscowitz, proprietor of the Franklin Book Shop, 125 East 59th Street who is to be tried next month for selling "obscene" literature; otherwise books or plates more or less artistic which include figures, more or less nude, but, of course, far less objectionable than, say, some of Bakst's figures or those which constantly appear in the International Studio, or Jugend; in fact I imagine one could find worse in Life! Like the usual victim of Comstock's attacks, he is a small man without the money or connection necessary for a proper defence and quite likely to spend six months in jail unless his case receives the publicity which it deserves and which might take it out of the ordinary routine. I enclose a check for $10. for the Sanger Fund. Philip Sawyer. From a Disembodied Spirit To The Masses: Apropos to the Sanger controversy, I have a suggestion to make and a story to tell. It will doubtless be received with howls of derision. For of course it is but the wildest of fiction, impossible and unnatural. The suggestion is simply this: Has anyone ever heard of or considered sexual relations ONLY when children are wanted? Absurd, isn't it? Of course one cannot expect men and women to attempt to control themselves. They must needs resort to some artificial method  of avoiding  the  result  of  their actions. To me this wail about large families and this pathetic pleading for a preventitive of conception, is but an admission that men and women are but senseless slaves of passion—utterly incapable of self-control. For have they not the means within themselves,  of preventing that which they deplore? And the story? That but concerns a few of my friends and my—if you like—mate and me. For years we have practiced the theory of having such relations only when children were wanted—and strange as it may seem—we are still living contented, happy lives. What is the recipe? Sincere love mixed with a little brains. I cannot for the life of me bring myself in line to sympathize with Mr. and Mrs. Sanger. For to teach a preventitive of conception is but to foster that spirit that revels in the pleasures of the flesh yet shrinks at paying the price. My comrades, do not think me heartless, I crave simple justice—nature's justice. Let those who indulge in sexual relations merely to satiate the yearnings of uncontrolled passion—let them pay the penalty—that of rearing large families. Very truly yours, C. S. B. P. S.—Should you care to print this letter I should be delighted. It would interest as well as amuse me to read the replies of a selfish, sensual humanity. In quoting me kindly use only my initials. A FUND OF AT LEAST $500 IS NEEDED for legal expenses in the Sanger struggle. More is needed for a campaign of publicity outside of the courts. This is your fight. The time to fight is now. You are asked to send as much as you can, and as soon as possible to the Sanger Fund, The Masses Publishing Company, 87 Greenwich Avenue, New York City. Letters of Protest An Englishwoman Protests To The Masses: As a reader of your pages I feel that I may be allowed to protest against an article in your March issue by Mr. John Reed called "The Worst Thing in Europe." It is a rather hysterical diatribe against violence. There is a certain difference which Mr. Reed does not seem to appreciate between the driving by Christ of the money changers out of the Temple and the activities of Jack the Ripper. These two forms of violence are not, to every one, equally reprehensible. Mr. Reed's charges against the Allied Armies are easily dealt with. They are quite simply not true. The French, of whom he speaks as not fighting well, have on the contrary, by their gallant courage and steadiness, won the admiration of all who have seen and known. The country as well as the army has responded with selfless devotion to the call of national defense. Mr. Reed's phrase "The Russian peasants are knouted into battle for a cause they never heard of," so little represents the facts that lately a Russian radical, in answer to my question of what would happen if the Russian government tried to make a separate peace, replied "The Emperor would fall, the war, which is a war of the Russian people for the liberation of the Slav nations, would go on." As for the allegation that a British officer wishing to punish a private tells his non-commissioned officer to "hit him," as the mother of an English officer knowing something of the regulations of the army, I am in a position to deny it absolutely. It is inconceivable that such an order should be given. If it were given the officer who gave it would be dismissed from the army. Mr. Reed's description of the "undersized, debauched, diseased little men" of the English expeditionary force is equally imaginary. An army which could hold for nearly a week at Ypres against a German force estimated at from five to seven times greater than itself in numbers is not likely to have been composed of such material as Mr. Reed mentions. This desrription seems to be dictated more by malice than by knowledge, and I am surprised that an American, knowing, as Mr. Reed must know, that the Allied Armies are fighting the battle of democracy against the aristocratic military system of Germany, should find no better employment for his pen than making entirely unfounded accusations against men who are giving their lives for the cause of all free nations. Antoinette Pinchot Johnstone. 19  Seymour St., London. A German Protests To The Masses: In your issue for March, 1915, Mr. John Reed gives two anecdotes of German officers which I take the liberty of commenting on. Tho' an American by blood and birth I had occasion to study the German army in the present war; and that at first hand, as a volunteer, in the garrison, in the front, and in the hospital. And my information is recent, as I left Germany less than a month ago. The incidents cited in "The Worst Thing in Europe" are, to my knowledge impossible: no German officer is allowed to carry a swagger stick no German officer or non-commissioned officer is permitted to strike or strike at a subordinate; and a sentry is for the duration of his stay on the post the superior in all matters pertaining to his post or instructions of any member of the army, save the commanding general, the officer in command of the town or station and the officers of the guard for that day. These statements will be borne out by anyone acquainted with the German army or by a perusal of the official manuals of instructions, or the records as far as they are public, of the trials of officers for misconduct. I feel sure that Mr. Reed was misinformed on these matters, and therefore call the points to your attention: inaccuracies of statement and fact disturb one in a periodical with whose editorial policy one sympathizes. Yours truly. Karl N. Llewellyn. Yale '15; ex-Sergt. 78th Prussian Infantry. 117 Congress St., Brooklyn, Í. Y. A Charity Official Protests To The Masses: I have just read the article in the Masses for April entitled "Overlords of Charity," in which it is stated that I have said in substance that it is none of the public's business what I get out of my personal service, because the money comes from private sources. This is an absolutely false statement and does not accord with my views of the ethics of my profession. I should be interested to know whether you can find a man who will tell you that I said any such thing.    Sincerely yours, W.  Frank Persons. The writer of the article has given us the name of an investigator who says Mr. Persons uttered the statement attributed to him, and we have furnished this information to Mr. Persons. The Masses is less interested in the question raised by these conflicting testimonies than in the attitude of the charity organization, which has within the last few weeks issued the first public statement of the salaries of its officials— a concession to public opinion which we are glad to chronicle. —Eds.] THE MASSES 21 THE MASSES BOOK STORE (Continued from page 3) What Do You Need? One of The Masses' friends this month ordered through this bookstore a rare Oriental book costing $150, and obtainable only in England. A New York physician orders all of his scientific books through us. Last month we sold to a lawyer a copy of "Wharton, on Criminal Evidence." Let us get your books for you—anything from a 10-cent pamphlet to a complete library. "One Complete Race—composed of the White, Red, Brown and Black Races," by Ralph Brandt. Send 80 cents. A Study of Unemployment in America, by Frances A. Kellor. A guide and a definite programme for organizations, industry, labor and citizens in dealing with unemployment. The Committee for Immigrants in America, 05 Madison Ave., New York. Send $1.65. Fifty Socialist Books, all different, and the International Socialist Review one year (inside U. S.), all postpaid for $1.40 if The Masses is mentioned. Charles H. Kerrand Co., 343 East Ohio st., Chicago. What Women Want: A lucid interpretation of the feminist movement, by Mrs. Beatrice Forbes-Robertson Hale.   Send $1.35. Mysteries of the People, by Eugene Sue. The wonderful series of proletarian life from Caesar to the present time, in story form, by the great French writer. Now, translated into English. Complete in 21 vols., cloth, $14.75 net. Send for booklet. THE WAR Imperial Germany, by Prince Bernhard von Bulow. There are all sorts of books about German statesmanship by people who are neither Germans nor statesmen. But here is a new, tremendously significant book on the subject by the man who was Chancellor of the German Empire from 1900 to 1909. $1.50 net. Dodd, Meadand Company. Germany's Madness, by Dr. Emil Reich. A revelation, by Prof. Reich, late of the University of Vienna, of the processes by which many Germans have come to the belief that it is Germany's destiny to rule the world. $1.00 net. Dodd, Meadand Company. The German Empire's Hour of Destiny, by Col. H. Frobenius. Blunt facts about the Kaiser's startling challenge to Europe. McBride, Nastand Co.  Send $1.10. Germany   and   England,   by   J. A. Cramb. $1 net. E. P. Duttonand Co. This book was published at the urgent suggestion of the late Lord Roberts, who wished England to understand the necessity of arming against German aggression. Builder and Blunderer, by George Saunders. $1 net. E. P. Duttonand Co. A study of the character and foreign policy of Emperor William by the Berlin correspondent of the London Times. Tommy Atkins at War, edited by Jas. A. Kilpatrick. A human document describing war's grim realities. A soldier's own story of battle. McBride, Nastand Co. Send 58 cents. The War Week by Week, by Ed-ward S. Martin. $1 net. E. P. Duttonand Co. How the war impressed America. Interesting and humorous. War What For, by George R. Kirkpatrick. A striking explanation of war. More than 150,000 copies have been sold.   Cloth, $1.00; Paper, 55 cents. Paths of Glory, by Irvin Cobb. The most vivid of all first-hand pictures of the War's horror and futility, with a frank, clear message for America. Net, $1.50. George H. Doran Company. SCIENCE The Law of Biogenesis, by J. Howard Moore. Each individual repeats the history of its race, both physically and mentally. Cloth, 50c. postpaid. Kerrand Co. Corollaries—Dr. Hannen goes a step farther than Prof. Huxley and completes the analysis of life. Gives in plain language the final proof for Darwin, Spencer, Marx. Price 25 cents. How We Think, by John Dewey, Professor of Philosophy and Education, Columbia University. Max Eastman advises you to read this book. D. C. Heathand Co. Send $1.10. The Original Nature of Man, by Prof. Edward L. Thorndike. It treats of the set of reflexes and instincts which a normal man inherits and must count on as the crude, unavoidable basis of culture and learning. Advised by Max Eastman in the March Masses.   Send $2.65. Heredity, by J. A. S. Watson, B.Sc. "This will remind you in a wonderfully few words of those astonishing discoveries of Gregor Mendel, the abbot of Brunn, whose records were laid away in 1865 and only rediscovered in 1900, and introduce you to the eager young science which is growing around them."— Max Eastman.   Send 30 cents. Psychology of Insanity, by Dr. Bernard Hart. "You will think it more fun than the Arabian Nights. And you will know it is profoundly true." Cambridge University Series. Send 50 cents. The State, by Franz Oppenheimer. Bobbs-Merrilland Co. "The doctrine of class struggle as the essence of all political evolution is brilliantly summarized in the book." Send $1.35. Ancient Society, or Researches in the Lines of Human Progress: From Savagery Through Barbarism to Civilization. By Lewis H. Morgan. The classic work on the subject. $1.50.   Kerrand Co. Darwinism To-day, by Vernon L. Kellogg. Henry Holtand Co., New York.  $2.00.   Postage, 12c. Self-Help Through Mental Science —Health—Happiness—Success, by Margaret Hannis. A little book that points the way. Price 25c. The Writer's Press, 32 Union Square, E., New York. PHILOSOPHY What Nietzsche Taught, by W. H. Wright. An epitome of the 18 volumes, each explained, with copious excerpts. The busy man's Nietzsche.  $2.00 net.   B. W. Huebsch. The Unknown Guest, by Maurice Maeterlinck. The Unknown Guest within ourselves—that mysterious, vaguely realized stranger that is part of us, and which is sometimes termed the psychic self—has called forth this strangely beautiful and exquisitely worded book. $1.50 net. Dodd, Meadand Company. ESSAYS Optimism, by Helen Keller. 75 cents net. Thomas Y. Crowell Co. If anyone has a right to talk about optimism, it is Helen Keller. And she talks about it to some purpose. HUMOR By and Large, by Franklin P. Adams. $1 net. Doubleday, Pageand Co. Just a reminder that these delightful verses can be had in permanent form. Fables for the Frivolous. These brilliant sketches first appeared in the New York Evening Telegram. Sample titles: "Jacques, the Lady Killer," "Engaged," "Motherhood." Send 80 cents. Ruggles of Red Gap, by Harry Leon Wilson. Western life as seen by an English valet. Net $1.25. Postage, 10 cents.   Doubleday, Pageand Co. DRAMA Erdgeist, by Frank Wedekind (author of Spring's Awakening). Translated by Sam Eliot, Jr. $1.10 postpaid.   A. and C. Boni. The Modern Drama, by Ludwig Lewisohn. An essay in interpretation. The author presents an account of the whole subject—not of aspects and phases. Gives literary portraits of Ibsen, Bjornson, Strindberg, the Goncourts, Zola, Daudet, Porto-Riche, Brieux, Hauptmann, Sudermann, Rostand, Yeats, Shaw, Wilde, Maeterlinck, Synge, etc.   Send $1.60. The Social Significance of the Modern Drama, by Emma Goldman. $1 net. Mother Earth Publishing Assn. This book will be found a valuable adjunct to the study of modern plays. Patrie, by Victorine Sardou. Drama League Series. Stirring play on Spanish occupation of Belgium. Boards, net 75 cents. Doubleday, Pageand Co. RELIGION "Fear—The Most Tenderly Cultivated Idea of the Universe," by Ralph Brandt.   Send 80 cents. POETRY Chants Communal, by Horace Traubel. Inspired and revolutionary prose-pieces. Cloth. $1.10 postpaid. Paper, $.30 postpaid. A. and C. Boni. Arrows in the Gale, by Arturo Gio-vannitti, introduction by Helen Keller. This book contains the thrilling poem "The Cage," and hundreds of copies of it have been ordered by Masses readers. Sent anywhere on receipt of $1.00. Enjoyment of Poetry, by Max Eastman. "His book is a masterpiece," says J. B. Kerfoot in Life. By mail $1.35. Chas. Scribner's Sons. Sunlight and Shadow, by Louise W. Kneeland. A book of poems of rare merit. "The author displays a tendency to disregard conventional forms . . . achieves a haunting effect"— Dallas News. Sent anywhere postpaid for $1.10. Voltairine de Cleyre's "Selected Works." Poems, short stories and essays. Most important contribution America made to Anarchist literature. Mother Earth, 20 E. 125th St. Send $1.15._ Child of the Amazons, and other Poems by Max Eastman. "Mr. Eastman has the gift of the singing line." —Vida D. Scudder. "A poet of beautiful form and feeling."—Wm. Marion Reedy. Mitchell Kennerley. $1.00 net. Songs of Love and Rebellion. Covington Hall's best and finest poems on Revolution, Love and Miscellaneous Visions. Now on press. Paper. 50c. John J. Weihing Ptg. Company. Challenge, by Louis Untermeyer. "No other contemporary poet has more independently and imperiously voiced the dominant thought of the times."—Philadelphia North American. $1.00 net. The Century Company. Poems — Maurice Maeterlinck. Introducing to the American public a collection of early poems of Maeterlinck, symbolical in character, rich in beauty of word and thought. $1.25 net. Published by Dodd, Meadand Company, New York. Rabindranath Tagore, the Man and His Poetry—Basanta Koomar Roy. Affords especially illuminating and valuable insight into the character of this noted philosopher and poet, by reason of the fact that the author is a fellow countryman and intimate friend. Illustrated, $1.25 net. Published by Dodd, Meadand Company, New York. (Continued on page 22) 22 THE MASSES THE MASSES BOOK STORE (Continued from page 21) Prompt Service The slogan of The Masses' Bookstore is "QUICK ACTION." You send us an order to-day for a book—anything from the latest best-seller to a rare scientific work—and if it's obtainable in New York we will have it on its way to you to-morrow. What do you want to-day? Poetry—A magazine of verse—publishes the finest work of living American and English poets. Its five bound volumes are a valuable anthology. Vol. I, Oct.-Mar., 1912-'13, $5.00. Vols. II-V, six months each to Mar., 1915, $1.50 apiece. Songs for the New Age. James Oppenheim's latest work. Beautifully bound.   Century Co.   Send $1.30. The Likes o' Me—Those who have been struck by the freshness and beauty and strength of Edmund Mc-Kenna's poems in The Masses will want to possess a copy. Send 80 cents. _ EDUCATIONAL Mothers and Children, by Dorothy Canfield Fisher. $1.25 net. Henry Holtand Co. Clear and informed advice and discussion for modern minded mothers. Your Child Today and Tomorrow, by Sidonie Matzner Gruenberg. "An exceptionally sane, practical treatment of the problems which confront fathers and mothers." J. B. Lippincottand Company. $1.25. By mail $1.35. BIOGRAPHICAL "Prison Memoirs of an Anarchist," by Alexander Berkman. A powerful portrayal of prison life and a remarkable study of acts of violence. Price $1.25; postage, 15c. Mother Earth, 20 E. 125th St. _ McCullough. The only and greatest work on the famous Shakesperian actor, by the first living authority. Profusely illustrated.   Send $1.55. The Life-story of a Russian Exile. Marie Sukloff's story of her childhood in Russia, her imprisonment, her escape from Siberia and her coming to America. $1.50 net; postage, 10 cents. The Century Co. The Story of Wendell Phillips, by Charles Edward Russell. A vivid, inspiring study of the great agitator's work, telling how he gave his last years to the fight against wage slavery.   50c.   Kerrand Co. POLITICS Drift and Mastery: An attempt to diagnose the current unrest. By Walter. Lippmann. Cloth, $1.50. Mitchell Kennerley. MISCELLANEOUS A   Russian   Comedy   of Errors. George Kennan's book of true short stories about underground Russia, the police and spy systems, etc. $1.25 net. Postage 10 cents.  The Century Co. The Art of Photoplay Writing, by Catherine Carr. Scenario Editor the Kinetophote Co. The best book of instruction on the market. Gives model Scenarios, etc. Tells all the Photo-playwright needs to know. Price $1.25, postpaid. The Hannis Jordan Co., Publishers, 32 Union Square, East, New York City. If you are interested in the American Indian send $1 for Curtis's In the land of the Headhunters. Beautifully illustrated.   World Book Co.,  Yonkers-on-Hudson, Í. Y. Live Wires, a hopeful, helpful, handful of new aphorisms for the loafers and loafmakers.   Send 50 cents. TRAVEL U. S. Colonies and Dependencies, by W. D. Boyce. 600 illustrations. $2.50 net.   Rand McNallyand Co. MUSIC The Family Music Book, a complete Library of Music in one volume; 252 pieces, instrumental and vocal, about 800 pages. Drawing-room pieces, operatic arrangements, dances, easy classics, Sunday music, ballads, children's songs, folk songs, patriotic songs, hymns, etc., etc. Finely engraved, well printed on good paper, and bound in flexible cloth. The best collection of music for the home.   Price $1.00 net. Popular Songs. How to Write and Where to Sell, by Å. M. Wickes and Richard H. Gerard. Gives a list of reliable publishers who will consider separate lyrics and complete songs. Price, 50 cents, postpaid. The Hannis Jordan Co., Publishers, 32 Union Square, East, New York. FREETHOUGHT BOOKS The Age of Reason, by Thomas Paine. The best and lowest-priced edition. 15 cents. George E. Mac-donald, 62 Vesey st., New York. The Case of Billy Sunday. His Plagiarism of Ingersoll, his denial, and the exposure. 32 pages. 5 cents. G. E. Macdonald, 62 Vesey st., New York. In Humanity's Name. An account of the charities and benevolences of Freethinkers. 15 cents. G. E. Macdonald, 62 Vesey st., New York. Crimes of Preachers. A list of the ministers of the United States and Canada charged with various crimes and immoralities. There are thousands of them. Pp. 228. Price 35 cents. G. E. Macdonald, 62 Vesey st., New York. Religion and Roguery. The religious preferences of the inmates of our prisons, from official reports. 15 cents. G. E. Macdonald, 62 Vesey st., New York. God and My Neighbor, by Robert Blatchford. The Bible in the light of modern thought. $1. G. E. Macdonald, 62 Vesey st., New York. Books by Ingersoll, Volney, Buchner, Haeckel, Remsburg. For free catalogue of Freethought and Rationalist books address G. E. Macdonald, 62 Vesey st., New York. The Truth Seeker. The oldest, largest, and best Freethought newspaper in the world. $3 a year. Three months' trial sub., 50 cents. Sample copies mailed free. G. E. Macdonald, 62 Vesey st., New York. SOCIALISM Call of the Carpenter, by Bouck White. A life of Jesus of Nazareth as a workingman. "A book that will make history."—Prof. George D. Herron.   Send $1.25. Why I Am a Socialist, by Charles Edward Russell ; new section, "Socialism and the Great War" is the first gun fired in the world-wide socialistic campaign that is bound to follow the War. You must read it to understand your part. Net, $0.50. George H. Doran Company. Doing   Us   Good   and   Plenty, by Charles Edward Russell. The case against capitalism brought down to date in Russell's unique style. Cloth. 50c, postpaid.   Kerrand Co. Why the Capitalist? by Frederick Haller, LL.B. In this book a lawyer throws down the gauntlet to the defenders of capitalism. The book is a brief in refutation of the doctrines prevailing in Conventional Political Economy.   Send $1.10. Capital, by Karl Marx. Greatest of Socialist books. Cloth, 3 volumes, $6.00. Write for co-operative plan for getting a Socialist library at cost. Charles H. Kerrand Company, 122 Kinzie St., Chicago. Woman and Socialism, by A. Bebel. Special jubilee edition. Cloth. $1.50 net; paper, $1.00 net. Socialist Literature Co. Socialism and Democracy in Europe, by S. P. Orth. $1.50 net. Henry Holtand Co. Besides a clear exposition of the status and organization abroad it gives latest socialist "programmes." Social Environment and Moral Progress, by Dr. Alfred Russell Wallace. "Our whole system of society is rotten and the social environment the worst the world has seen." Funkand Wagnalls.  Send $1.25. Economics as the Basis of Living Ethics, by John G. Murdoch. A study in scientific social philosophy. Publisher's price is $2. Sent on re-receipt of $1.00. Rand School Social Science. Socialism and the Great State, by H. G. Wells and others. $2 net. Harperand Brothers. Socialism Summed Up, by Morris Hillquit. This authoritative work first appeared in Metropolitan Magazine. Fine cloth edition, 25 cents; paper, 15 cents. Rand School Social Science. Unemployment, by A. C. Pigou. 50 cts. net. Henry Holtand Co. The meaning, measurement, distribution, and effects of unemployment, its relation to wages, trade fluctuations, and disputes, and some proposals or remedy or relief. Marxism Versus Socialism, by V. G. Simkhovitch. $1.50 net. Henry Holtand Co. Progressivism—and After, a vital, stimulating, necessary book, by William English Walling. Sent postpaid for $1.50. Social Welfare in New Zealand, by Hugh H. Lusk. Send $1.62. Actual, definite, indisputable results of 20 years of legislation of a Socialist nature, not a plea for Utopian theory. Sturgis and Walton Co. Socialism and Social Reform, by Prof. Richard T. Ely. 12mo., $1.50. Thomas Y. Crowell Company. War of the Classes, by Jack London. A sociological study including a chapter "How I Became a Socialist."   12mo, cloth, 33 cents, postpaid. First and Last Things, by H. G. Wells. A confession of Faith and a Rule of Life. Wells sets forth the convictions and ideas which constitute his social faith, and have provided him with a rule of life.   $1.50 net. Socialism as the Sociological Ideal: A Broader Basis for Socialism, by Floyd J. Melvin, Ph.D. $1.35 postpaid. The conclusions of "scientific socialism" are here brought up to date and interpreted in modern terms. Sturgis and Walton Company. SEXOLOGY Man and Woman, by Dr. Havelock Ellis, the foremost authority on sexual characteristics. A new (5th) edition.   Send $1.60. What You Should Tell Your Boy; What You Should Tell Your Girl, by Edmund Thomas. 55 cents each, postpaid. A new book by Dr. Robinson: The Limitation of Offspring by the Prevention of Pregnancy. The enormous benefits of the practice to individuals, society and the race pointed out and all objections answered. Send $1.00. The Criticand Guide Co. Our Prudish Censorship Unveiled, by Theodore Schroeder. "Give everybody a chance to know all that is to be known, even upon the subject of sex."   Send 15 cents. Freedom of the Press and "Obscene Literature" Three essays by Theodore Schroeder. "There is tonic in the things that men do not wish to hear."—Henry Ward Beecher. Send 30 cents. Sexual Problems of To-day, by Dr. Wm. J. Robinson. A book every radical should read. Cloth, $2.00 net. Critic Guide Co. Eros, by Emil Lucka. The Development of Sex Relation Through the Ages. Translated by Ellie Schleussner. The author's main thesis is that genuine love, the synthesis of the sensual and the ideal, is something entirely modern.   Send $1.83. The Sexual Instinct, its use and dangers as affecting heredity and morals, by Scott. "Plain Spoken." Treatand Co.   Cloth.   Send $2.00. THE MASSES 23 I Will Help You Get Ahead If you are plodding along in a dull rut—underpaid—gnashing your teeth—with an unfulfilled ambition to "get ahead"—to be somebody, I can positively help you to be the successful man you want to be. I have helped thousands of others who gladly testify for me. I will help YOU. Read and learn for your own sake. J. E. MARKUS, Pres. American Correspondence School of Law. LAW IS YOUR Opportunity The successful man is the legally trained man. Legal education is capital. It is the very foundation of success. The legally trained man always wins. In business—in politics—in society he is the leader. Know the law and there is no limit to your chance for advancement. And here is your chance. I Now Offer You the Greatest Educational Opportunity Ever Conceived I will bring this legal training to you—at your own home —by mail. I will bring our complete Home Study Law Course—not abbreviated or condensed—for a few cents a day. Think of it! Do not make any plans for your future until you get my remarkable Special Offer. No other institution ever offered you such a wonderful opportunity to commence to get ahead immediately. Don't delay. Learn the Law. Send the coupon now—today, before it is too late. Magnificent LAW Library With Every Course 8000 pages—standard Law size. Only great work on Law ever prepared especially for correspondence instruction. Teaches law by actual practice in your own home. You learn from actual intensely interesting examples. Everything complete, simple, fascinating. Graduate correspondence students hold highest records—are most successful in passing bar examinations. We Positively Guarantee to Coach —FREE—Any Graduate Failing to Pass Bar Examination. Send the Coupon Everyday the demand for legally trained men increases. Law offers the greatest opportunities. No matter who you are, what your occupation or education may be, you can now learn Law quickly and easily, at home during spare time. Our simplified Home Study Course makes Law easy. Absolutely complete. Combines the Text Book, Case and Lecture methods, same as big universities. Investigate now. Mail the coupon and I will gladly send you full particulars free. Also our big 164 page book on "How to Learn Law." Everything FREE. No obligations. Tear out coupon and mail it NOW. special offer coupon J. E. MARKUS, President, AMERICAN CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOL OF LAW, Manhattan Building, CHICAGO, ILL. Dept.5822 I would like to know all about the New Special Offer you are personally making for the study of Law at home, during spare time, so send me, FREE, without obligation, full details, also your big 164-page book on "How to Learn Law." Name........................... .................. Address................................... We' re on an Endless Voyage of Discovery. Join Us.   It's Great ! For twenty-five years "POET LORE" has been discovering and introducing to America the greatest radical dramatists and poets of all non-English speaking countries. "POET LORE" has been the first to translate the works of Hauptmann, Maeterlinck, Tchekhof, Andreyev, Sudermann, Schnitzler, Strindberg and 88 other great European dramas. "POET LORE" also publishes the most significant American radical dramas. Issued bi-monthly $1. a copy. $5. a year. Get together with us in our pioneer work. POET LORE 194 Boylston Street    BOSTON, MASS. For $6.00 You may have in Office or Home the wonderful new Everyman Encvclopaedia The Everyman Encyclopedia.   Price of Revolving Oak Rack, $2.50 If it has been a matter of dollars, you need no longer grope through life without the indispensable information an up-to-the-minute encyclopaedia affords. Here's What You Get: 12 VOLUMES. Occupy 1 foot of shelf, 7 inches high. Open flat. 640 pages in each book. 6,000,000 words. More reference articles than in the largest encyclopaedia. 1,200 illustrations. Well printed—nothing cheap about them.  You'll say they are worth $25. Take Your Pick There are 4 styles of binding: In cloth, $6; reinforced cloth, $8; full leather, $10; quarter pigskin, $12. All bindings fine, but reinforced cloth is advised for durability. Sent boxed, on receipt of price, with 50 cents to cover the cost of expressage. The New York Sun says: "It is no abridgment but a cyclopedia as complete as if it were printed in large octavo volumes. The information is a little more up-to-date than in the larger works." Send to THE MASSES BOOK STORE P. 0. BOX 875, new york. Sunday Call Magazine News—Illustrations — Cartoons —Literature Everywhere talked about as the greatest working class Sunday newspaper magazine section in the world. Do you want to be considered well-informed? Think, for a minute, what THE CALL publishes: the writings of all the famous characters in the Socialist Movement; the best European (translated) literature; current special news features such as, the Hillquit-Gardner debate, foreign trade union view of the great war, the German Socialists' Peace plan—and others equally absorbing. EVERY SUNDAY 5 CENTS on all newsstands Don't fail to get your copy every Sunday ; order your newsdealer to deliver it to you, or subscribe direct to THE CALL. Gall Subscription Department Combination offers : THE SUNDAY CALL and PEARSON'S MAGAZINE, both for one year; value $3.50......................CALL special price $2.25 THE SUNDAY CALL and THE AMERICAN SOCIALIST, both for one year; value $2.50...................CALL special price 2.00 THE SUNDAY CALL and THE RIP-SAW, both for one year; value $2.50................................CALL special price 1.90 DEVOTED TO THE INTERESTS OF THE WORKING PEOPLE Published at 444 Pearl Street New York City So] Great is the Demand for MARGARET H. SANGER'S Sexology Books "What Every Mother Should Know" (Paper—Send 30 cents.) and "What Every Girl Should Know (Cloth—Send 55 cents.) That special editions are being printed to supply the demand of Masses' readers. There may be some delay in delivery, but if you want either of these books you should send the order today. What Every Girl Should Know — contains a section which was once suppressed by the postal authorities. Contents : Girlhood, Puberty, Sexual Impulse ; Reproduction; Some of the Consequences of Ignorance and Silence; Menopause. Send 55 cents. What Every Mother Should Know—Stories mothers may tell their children, making the truth plain, without the child realizing that he has received sex instruction. A splendid book for the purpose. Send 30 cents. The Masses Book Store P. O. Box 875, NEW YORK THE MASSES Sloan ISADORA DUNCAN IN THE "MARCHE MILITAIRE"