The Crisis . The Crisis Vacation Number August, 1917: 10 Cents A Copy W. M. Farrow President Executive Officers MOORFIELD STOREY DR. J. E. SPINGARN, Chairman of Board Vice-Presidents OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD. Treasurer ARCHIBALD H. GRIMKE DR. W. E. B. DU BOIS, Director of Publications and Researc REV. JOHN HAYNES' HOLMES ROY NASH, Secretary BISHOP JOHN HURST JOHN E. MILHOLLAND MARY WHITE OVINGTON JAMES WELDON JOHNSON, Field Secretary OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE DIRECTORS JANEChicago ADDAMS PROF.Washington  GEO. WILLIAM COOK REV.New York  HUTCHINS C. BISHOP DR. C. E. BENTLEY Bolton JOSEPH PRINCE LOUD BUTLER R. WILSON Baltimore BISHOP JOHN HURST DR. F . N. CARDOZO Brooklyn DR. V. MORTON JONES DR. O. M. WALLER New Heron GEORGE W. CRAWFORD MRS. FLORENCE KELLEY PAUL KENNADAY CHARLES EDWARD RUSSELL ARTHUR B. SPINGARN CHARLES H. STUDIN DR JOHN G. UNDERHILL Springfield, Man. REV. G. R. WALLER DR.Philadelphia  WILUA M A. SINCLAIR LILLIAN D. WALD WILLIAM ENGLISH WALLING ENLIST! With Memphis and East St. Louis fresh in our memories, we know that the fight for humanity and democracy abroad is not more important than the fight for humanity and democracy at home. Enlist now in the N. A. A. C. P. Your support was never needed more than now. Date , 1917. Membership Blank The Crisis is sent without further charge to members paying two dollars or more. OSWALD GARRISON VILLA KD, Treasurer, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. SIR: I desire to become a member of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and to receive The Crisis. In payment of my dues for one year, I enclose dollars. Name Street $ City and State Mention The Crisis THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE. AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY, CONDUCTED BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER Contents Copyrighted, 1917, by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People Contents for August, 1917 PICTURES Page COVER. By W. M. Farrow. SCENES FROM IDLEWILD 169-170 SHADOWS OF LIGHT 181-184 MEN OF THE MONTH 190 ARTICLES CONCERNING THE FREDERICK DOUGLASS MEMORIAL. By Mary B. Talbert 167 IDLEWILD 168 THE BEST SUMMER I EVER SPENT. By H. H. Thweatt 169 THREE POEMS. By Lucian B. Watkins 171 LAUGHING IN AND OUT. A Poem. By Edward Ide 171 "GRAY EYES." A Story. By "Jack Howard." Part II 172 TEARS AND KISSES. A Poem. By G. Douglas Johnson 174 DEPARTMENTS EDITORIAL 163 THE LOOKING GLASS 175 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE . 185 MEN OF THE MONTH 189 THE HORIZON 192 TWO SHORT NOTES The CRISIS is of great value to me. It comes next to my prayer hook. Bishop John Hurst, Baltimore, Md. I prize the CRISIS more highly than any journal to which I am a subscriber not excluding professional journals, and I personally appreciate and greatly admire the work of the Association with which this organ is identified to the extent that I cannot longer withhold my name from membership. Charles M . Reid, M. D., Hare Valley, Va. TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as second class matter November 2, 1910, at the tost office at New York, New York, under the Act of March 3, 1870. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL DURHAM, N. C. Open to Students of Either Sex. It is more than a mere school. It is a community at service and uplift. Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. The following departments are already in successful operation: Teacher Training, Industrial, Literary, Academic and Collegiate, Commercial, Missionary, Theological, Household Economics and Departments of Music. In equipment ami teaching- it is not surpassed by any School tor the Education of Negro Youth in the South. The next term opens Monday. October l, 1017. For catalog and detailed information, address President, JAMES E. SHEPARD, DURHAM --- NORTH CAROLINA The Agricultural and THE CHEYNEY TRAINING Technical College SCHOOL FOR TEACHERS Twenty-fourth Annual Session. CHEYNEY, PENNA. Fall term begins Sept. 1, 17. For reasonably mature students who have Three Strong Departments:Agricultural, Mechanical and Academic. a good secondary school preparation, and who desire to become teachers, courses are offered during the regular term in academic work, domestic science, domestic art, phys Short Practical Courses of ical training, elementary school methods, Three Months: Maintained by wood and metal working, and agriculture. Board and laundry privileges for the year the Governments of NorthCarolina and of the United States. $100. Fall term begins Wednesday,September Special training for teachers of The Summer School for Teachers, from July 5 to August 2 inclusive, will this year vocational subjects. offer primary methods, English, mathematics, history, civics and geography, plain sewing Board, Lodging and Tuition, and dressmaking, raffia work and basketry, $0.00 per Calendar Month. art needle work, cookery, wood and metal For Catalog and Further working, physical training, and gardening. Dormitory space is limited, and applications Information, address should be made early. Cost for the four weeks $15.00. President Dudley, For further information write to A. &amp; T. College, LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Greensboro, N . C. Principal. Mention TH E CRISIS TH E CRISIS Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-eight years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and SpiritualEnvironment.A Splendid Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Fall Ter m Begins September 19, 1917. For information address President R. W. Mc GRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. STRAIGHT COLLEGE New Orleans, La. Situated on the main thoroughfare of the largest city of the South. Thorough training in High School, Teachers' Course and College, with special work in Music and Manual Training. Teachers represent some of the best universities and music conservatories of the country. For full Information, address J. T. Cater, Registrar. TOUGALOO COLLEGE MISSISSIPPI "The best school for Negroes In the State"— Bishop Theodore B . Bratton. COLLEGE Regular Four Tear A. B. Course Two Year Teacher Training Course ACADEMY Choice of Seven Courses—College Preparatory, Agricultural, Mechanical, Home Economics, Commercial, Pedagogical, Musical. Out in the country. Expenses low. Four Prize Scholarships of $25.00 Each Offered Boys for Best Entrance Examinations to ninth Grade. For Particulars Write President W. T. HOLMES Tougaloo, Hinds County, Mississippi. 161 ADVERTISER MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA GA College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manlydevelopment devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President IntellectualAtmosphere. WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gath ered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Christian influence. athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College, Preparatory,Normal,Training, Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. First Semester begins September 27, 1917. For further information address W. A. FOUNTAIN, President BISHOP J. S. Flipper, Chairman Trustee Board, Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 1870 CLARK UNIVERSITY 1917 1917 SOUTH ATLANTA GEORGIA 1867 Howard Most beautiful campus of 70 acres, commodiousbuildings with modern conveniences. High Scholarship — Talented Faculty — Well equipped library and laboratories—Literary societies —Athletics —Co-educational—Expenses very low. $100 per year of eight months will pay tuition, hoard, room, etc. Comfortable dormitories with steam heat and gas light. COURSES OF STUDY Domestic Science for girls, cooking, sewing, dressmaking and embroidery. Fre-Academy—7 th and 8th grades. Academy- Four years with diploma. Pre-Medical—1 wo years above academy. College— Four years leading to A. B. degree. Normal—Five years above grades with diploma. First Semester opens October 3, 1017. HARRY ANDREWS KING, President. THE WEST VIRGINIA COLLEGIATE INSTITUTE NEAR CHARLESTON, W. VA. One of the leading schools in the United States for the education of Negro youth. Healthful surroundings, line dormitory facilities, expenses low, strong faculty. For catalog address BYRD PRILLERMAN, A. M., Pres., Institute, W. Va. THE FLORIDA A. &amp; M. COLLEGE Tallahassee, Florida Offers long and short courses in Mechanic Arts, in Home Economics, in Agriculture, in Education and in Science. For Catalog Address NATHAN B. YOUNG, President P. O. DRAWER 524 ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of St. Mary. Address: THE SISTER -IN- CHARGE 609 N. 43d St W. Philadelphia, Pa. HARTSHORN MEMORIAL COLLEGE RICHMOND, VIRGINIA A superior school for the separate, higher education of young women. Select Courses of study. Industrial. Music, Preparatory, Classical. Normal and College. Provides a pleasant home, careful culture and thorough training. University Stephen M. Newman, A. M., D. D., President. COLLEGE OF ARTS AND SCIENCES A. B. and B. S. COURSES TEACHERS' COLLEGE A. B. and B. S. Courses in Education SCHOOL OF MANUAL ARTS AND APPLIED SCIENCES B. S. Courses in Engineering, Home Economics, Manual Arts. CONSERVATORY OFMus. B. Courses ACADEMY MUSIC Two Preparatory Courses: Classical, Scientific. COMMERCIAL COLLEGE Secretarial Course, Accounting Course, General Course. LIBRARY TRAINING CLASS PROFESSIONAL SCHOOLS SCHOOL OF THEOLOGY B. D. Courses, Diploma Course. SCHOOL OF MEDICINE M.	 D. Courses in Medicine, D.	 D. S. Courses in Dentistry, Phar. D. Courses in Pharmacy. SCHOOL OF LAW LL . B. Courses For catalog, address: HOWARD UNIVERSITY, Washington, D. C. Expenses very moderate. Educational Institutions continued on pages 199 and 200 Send for Catalog to the President. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS Vol. 14-No. 4 AUGUST, 1917 Whole No. 82 Editorial THE WORLD LAST MONTH This the day of graduation, Nearly five hundred of us march from college, followed by fully 2,500 colored high school graduates. How splendid a showing. Their pictures came to us so fast that we have to apologize for omitting those of the professional dents. To think of women and girls maltreating, beating with shoes, dragging and otherwise belaboring their sisters of the colored community, simply because of their color, is something for which even I was not prepared. It has shocked me beyond description. In my country, men in the country have many times been treated as if we belonged to your Moines is in full blast. All honor to community, but that never angered the man who proposed it.— The war me so much, as I have never had is on. The nation's life is up-turned. much faith in the veneer of civilizaWe do our bit in spite of discrimination and universal brotherhood and tion on all hands.— The "Bar Sinister" is another attempt to bring the men and most of the high schoolstudents.— The Spingarn camp at De love for democracy, which the people Negro problem into the moving picof European descent put on. In my tures. It, of course, leaves something humble judgment, the people have to wish, but it is the finest and fairest yet to learn the meaning ofMANLINESS. yet. —A report on education for Negroes is announced by the U. S. power, brute force in their eyes thought the review is sent out before stands for manliness. Just think of the books are published, which is one numbers of men attacking, shooting way to arrange National burning stray prohibition is coming. public opinion.—and men and women come. —The United States is attempting to deny Asia to the Asiatics, but it is only attempting. The demands of Japan will yet be recognized and China is not fool enough to regard the United States as her friend with the Chinese exclusion act on her statute books. A PROTEST FROM THE ORIENT. I HAV E been deeply affected by the account of the racial riots in the mid-west. During my visit to this country, within the last three years I have seen many evidences of blind race and color prejudice of the worst possible kind, but the present has exceeded all prece in one's and two's. That is modern chivalry and bravery. Armed men killing unarmed men and women, girls of seventeen and eighteen beating in public the aged members of their own sex. CIVILIZED ME N AN D WOME N burning people alive. I am afraid, being an alien and being here only by courtesy, I cannot raise my voice against these brutalities openly. It has shocked me very much to find that so far, with the exception of the Evening Post, the Press has taken no editorial notice of the outrage. Of course the best minds of the country will condemn the wrong, but I wonder if the attitude of the Press would have been the same if the victims had been the whites instead of the colored. Oh for the cursed vandalism! There can be no democracy and no THE 164 peace in the world so long as the color and race prejudice reign supreme as they do now. Yet the colored men of Asia, Africa and America, all, at this moment, engaged in fighting for the allies and the United States in making the world safe for democracy! Oh ! the hypocrisy of the whole thing! It burns my very soul. I am sorry my personal means and the fact that I am a forced exile from home, prevent my doing anything substantial to relieve the distress caused to your people by the conduct of your white countrymen, yet even as a stranger I feel that I must be among the first to send you a monetary contribution. •&gt; Please accept the enclosed check as an expression of my deep sympathy. I am enclosing another check on account of my subscription for the Crisis, and will be glad to know if you accept aliens as members in your organization. Believe me to be one with you in your struggle for your rights as members of the human race. Sincerely yours, AN GREETING,Party! We ASIATIC GENTLEMAN. ROOSEVELT only remember to-day that of all Americans mouthing of Liberty and Justice and a world "free for Democracy" you alone had the courage to stand and condemn the murder and riot in East St. Louis. All honor to you and all shame to that silent man in the White House who CRISIS EXTRACT FROM AN OPEN LETTER TO THE PRESIDENT WHAT you have treated as a special group of Americans — now twelve million strong—have had and still have for this country, in spite of the country's attitude toward them, the love that bears all things, endures all things, even hopes all things. We need not remind you, who are a historian, that there has never been in this country a war, fromRevolutionary American Negro has not served with honor. The historians, at least, know that, even though by their silence they deny it. In this most terrible war of all they are offering their service, those who reason as well as those who follow the crowd. But how whole-hearted, Mr . President, would your service be if this country, instead of giving you the biggest honor it has to give to any man, denied you the right to serve, even in the humblest capacity, as other Americans serve? Perhaps you say you have won that honor; even so, your country gave you the opportunity to win; and that it denies us. TheodoreRoosevelt Forgotten isBrownsville! Forgotten is the That we are ready to serve our country—for it is ours by every tie that gives a man a country—this country knows, for even in this crisis of its need it has refused the service we- have offered. The Red Cross has refused to register colored trained nurses. Until conscription came, the wants Home Rule for Ireland,Freedom for Poles, and Justice for army and navy refused our men. And 3,000 American citizens lynched North and South, principally by the South which he is crowding more and more "into the Saddle." You have gained the votes of twelve million Americans, Theodore Roosevelt, by one strong word. now that conscription makes it necessary to take some notice of us, here in the nation's capital, we are asked to tear off the corners of our registration cards. The Irish, the German even, is treated as any other citizen. We, alone, are in this, as in everything else, segregated. Before this war is over we are going to need, at least we dare not disregard the possibility of needing, the whole-hearted, loyal co-operation 165 EDITORIAL of every man, woman, and child of turmoil and work effectively for a us. Is there any reason in the mind new democracy that shall know no of men why this country should excolor. pect such service from its twelve milThe first method of doing this is, lion Negro population? of course, to take part in the war, either by actual enlistment or by civic Yours is the opportunity, Mr.President. Give us, before your need duties. The second thing is to note forces you, the chance to give our all the new industrial openings for colto this country we are fighting to ored people in the United States and serve and to love. A word from you, elsewhere and to take advantage of courageous, unequivocal, would bind them in such way as shall lead to to you and to your cause the loyalty, wider openings. the faithful, undivided service of twelve million Americans who would TEAM WORK. go to the death for their country. ALL this working together for They will go, anyhow, send them as great ends calls for team this country may, because they be work on the part of colored lieve in the cause, which this country, people. In the past, team though it sends its sons to death to work has often been mistaken for establish, yet by its actions denies. a Jim Crow policy; but the differYou have the chance before the ence is obvious. Jim-Crowism is an world to show your belief in democ attempt to exclude colored people racy by striking a blow at its enemy from privileges by drawing the in America— the American govern color line. Team work, on the other ment's denial of the rights of citizens hand, is a voluntary coming together to one-tenth of the American people. of people who have common interests And you have the chance, by speak to work for the furtherance of those ing such word, to increase the ranks interests. of those who would gladly die that The American Negro has gradually their country might have a fuller, achieved a certain team work in freer life. ideals. Today, as never before in the history of America, Negro leaders THE COLLEGE ALUMNAE CLUB, and the Negro rank and file are prac Washington, D. C. tically united as to what they want S arah W. B rown , President. and as to how they are going to get B ertha M c N eill , Secretary. it. There is still some difference of THE PRESENT. emphasis, according to individuals WE are facing a new world. and groups, but the main basic agreeNever again are we going ment is there. to cope with the same conWe need now to carry this spirit of ditions and the same social team play further. We need it parforces that we have faced in the ticularly in politics. In the North our last half-century. There will be vote counts practically for nothing as in the world the same human beings, an effective social force designed to but new forces have been loosed bring the southern oligarchy to terms and a new situation has arisen. It and to prevent the spread of race is the business of the American prejudice. In the Border States our Negro not to sit idly by and see this vote is nullified by the grossest kind rearrangement of the world, hoping of fraud and deception, notwithstandthat something will come out of it of ing our great numbers in Baltimore, good for him. It is rather his busiPhiladelphia, Pittsburgh, Columbus ness actually to put himself into the and St. Louis. Our political influence 166' THE CRISIS in those states is practically nil, our representation in government is almost nil, and our influence upon legislation negligible. In the far South, despite the fact that the most ingenious of the disfranchising laws leaves tremendous loop-holes and chances for us to vote, we have scarcely taken advantage of them. We must have, therefore, teamwork in politics and it must come before the next Presidential election. But above all, we need team work in work. OCCUPATIONS. THE pressing problem before the American Negro is earn ing a living. The older as sumption was that it was easy for the Negro to find a place in the great American industrial machine where he would be treated decently and given a living wage, provided only that he was properly trained for the work offered. This assumption was only partially true. We see more and more clearly that economic survival for the Negro in America means the building of his own industrial machine ; that he must employ labor, that he must organize industry, that he must enter Ameri can industrial development as a group, capable of offensive and defen sive action, and not simply as an indi vidual, liable to be made the victim of the white employer and such of the white labor unions as dare. CO-OPERATION. BUT how shall we enter? Shall we try the old paths of individual exploitation, develop a class of rich and grasping brigands of Industry, use them to exploit the mass of the black laboring people and reproduce in our own group all the industrial Hell of old Europe and America? No! This method has been advocated but it has been advocated by people who did not realize the new spirit that has come to the industrial world. Slowly and with great difficulty this new spirit is going to work itself out in the white world; but if we American Negroes are keen and intelligent we can evolve a new and efficient industrial co-operation quicker than any other group of people, for the simple reason that our inequalities of wealth are small, our group loyalty is growing stronger and stronger, and the necessity for a change in our industrial life is becoming imperative. Think of the teeming thousands, not to say millions, of colored workingmen who are literally mad to get simply the ordinary decencies of employment, who are anxious and eager for proper industrial leadership on the part of their own people. Brethren, the door of opportunity is open before us, leading to such kingdoms as neither Alexander nor Napoleon ever dreamed of. In the next number of T he C risis we shall pursue further this line of argument. THE DOUGLASS MEMORIAL A TREMENDOUS effort has been made by the National Association of ColoredWomen for posterity the home of Frederick Douglass. $15,000 was the sum called for to pay off the mortgage and to put in shape the home and grounds. Of this sum, $2,395.20 has been raised since August, 1916. But considering the cause, this response is by no means rapid enough. On another page we publish the list of states which have already contributed, but some states have contributed nothing. Most remarkable of all the DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA has contributed not one penny! Let every church and every organization get busy and push forward in this movement. When it comes to honoring our greatest Negro, we can't afford to be slackers. CONCERNING THE FREDERICK DOUGLASS MEMORIAL By MARY B. TALBERT It is with the greatest pleasure that we THE first movement toward commemorating the one hundredth anniversary are able to report that this project, unique of the birth of Frederick Douglass was inin the brief history of the Negro in the augurated by a special, committee appointUnited States, was considered favorably ed by the Chairman of the Executive Board and the president decided to issue the call of the National Association of Colored to all patriotic, race-loving Negroes to share Women, at their biennial convention, held in the celebration and to save and restore at Baltimore, Md., August, 1916. A committee of five was appointed to prepare an the home, in the same manner that the carry out plans for a centennial celebration, white women saved the home of George which would be national in character, and Washington. The call was made for $15,000 which would have for its ultimate object for the paying of the mortgage and for the the saving and restoring of the home of restoration of the home and grounds. the greatest Negro that came out of slavery. The mortgage of $4,000 and the interest had first to be paid, and then the home put When the report of the Executive Board into proper shape. This called for a new was adopted by the general body, this comroof, gutters, cellar and foundation, interior mittee wasrepairs including the repairs election of all furnish Mrs. Mary B enlarged by the president. Following the ofHallie Q. Brown and Mrs. Booker T.ings, were finally asked to beautifying at the home the Washington and the meet of of Mr. Douglass in Anacostia, D. C, and look grounds. over the home and grounds, look into the The committee realized that our people legal aspect and see if it was worth while become very tired of any proposition conto save to posterity this historic home of stantly placed before the public, and hence Douglass. the call was issued for funds large enough to cover the mortgage and for the restoration of the home and grounds in a manner befitting the honoring of the great Douglass. Mrs. Talbert soon saw that to THE FREDERICK DOUGLASS HOME 168 THE raise so large a sum needed the combined help of our United Womanhood and she immediately enlarged the committee to fifty with Mrs. S. Joe Brown of Des Moines, Iowa, as general chairman, authorizing each one to use her influence to raise all of the money she could, so that we might report the entire indebtedness wiped out by one day's work. A t a meeting of the Trustees, held in June, the entire board signified their willingness to resign and place entire control in the hands of the National Association. On June 30, Mrs. Talbert signed the check for $2,100 for payment of one-half of the mortgage and interest. Money sent to Mrs. Nettie L. Napier, Special Treasurer, was CRISIS the preservation of this site. Every loyal race-loving Negro should take an active, personal interest in everything that con cerns the welfare of our race in America. The name of every club or individual which sends $25 will be placed upon parchment and hung upon the wails of the home. For the largest donor, either club or individual, there will be erected a tablet to show to posterity the names of men and women who showed their loyalty by dollars and cents as well as by talk. AlabamaArkansasArizona CaliforniaColoradoConnecticut DelawareDISTRICT $2.00 28.63 95.35 39.98 13.00 2.50  OF COLUMBIA forwarded to Mrs. Ida Joyce Jackson,National Treasurer. Florida 26.26 The first large contribution came from Miss Meta Pelham of Detroit, Mich., $220. The largest amount up to date has been sent in by a committee working under the leadership of Mrs. Addie W. Hunton and Miss Maricha R. Lyons of Brooklyn, N. Y., $380. Donations have been sent in by loyal race men and women all over the country. The National Association will publish the honor roll, giving names of individuals and amount sent in by each. The names of many prominent race men and women are still lacking, but we hope to hear from them before the roll is closed. We again make this appeal and urge all men and women who wish to honor the name and memory of Frederick Douglass to arise and in one mighty effort wipe out the mortgage and restore the home. Here will be preserved all interesting relics pertaining to slavery. The table upon which Charles Sumner wrote his "Civil Rights Bill" is here. Here will also be seen the two famous violins of Mr. Douglass and many other interesting relics. Let me say again to the great American Negro, "Love your race." No Negro should be an indifferent spectator. We should all co-operate in sustaining the hands of the National Association of Colored Women in Georgia 3.50 Idaho Illinois 137.53 Indiana 33.06 Iowa 25.00 Kentucky 139.41 Kansas 12.70 Louisiana 10.00 Maine Maryland 9.00 Massachusetts 101.33 Michigan 268.00 Minnesota 15.00 Mississippi Missouri 7.45 Montana 25.00 Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire : New Jersey 80.16 New Mexico '. New YorkNorth CarolinaNorth Dakota OhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth Dakota Tennessee TexasUtah Vermont VirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming Households of Ruth Total Receipts Paid on mortgage Paid on interest If you have not given sendMrs. Nettie L. Napier, 120 Fifteenth Avenue, North, Nashville, Tennessee. 472.07 55.18 146.34 17.00 25.00 93.50 50.00  172 05 118.49 25.57 10 17 9.00  2 25 25.00 98.72 $2,395.20  $2,000.00 100.00 to-day to IDLEWILD SLOWL Y there are growing up here and colored folk. One of the most recent is there throughout the United States Idlewild, Michigan. One leaves Chicago by summer resorts, which are especially for boat at night, arriving at Ludington in the 169 THE BEST SUMMER I EVER SPENT morning. Thirty miles east of Ludington is Baldwin, the county seat of Lake County, where there are numbers of beautiful lakes full of bass, blue gills, perch and mascalonge. Here and there are trout streams and the woods abound in partridges, quail, rabbits and deer. Three miles east of Baldwin, on one of the prettiest of the lakes Idlewild. Idlewild has a club house with reading, music and dining rooms and verandas for dancing. A number of cottages have been built and a tent city with board floors which serves as a hotel. The club house and tent city are on an island known as Island Park. Pretty rustic bridges connect the island with the mainland. One may enjoy golf, tennis, croquet, baseball, boating and fishing. Intoxicating liquors are prohibited, but there is plenty of exhilaration in the air. Persons who have visited Idlewild declare that it is one of the prettiest spots that they have ever seen. Michigan, however, is too far for many of us, and often for persons of modest income who must, therefore, stay near home and at the same time avoid the ever-recurring race discrimination it is a puzzling query as to what to do with vacations. T he Crisis has asked its readers to tell each other something about their more successful vacations and as a slight incentive we have offered a few small prizes. The essay winning the first prize is appended. THE BEST SUMMER I EVER SPENT. By H. H. THWEATT. IT was a few feeks after the close of my term as principal of the High School at Thomasville, Ga., that I decided, in com pany with my wife, who was one of my as sistant teachers, to leave the city for abso lute rest—if there is any such thing. I already had on my desk several tempt ing invitations from out of town patrons and friends to "come and stay awhile." Mr. Dennis Perkins, a lusty rural youth of about eighteen years, had been attending my school to get a literary foundation of study for the ministry. His people also had invited us to their humble, but hospitable, old fashioned, commodious log cabin, located about twenty miles southeast of Boston, Ga., in the very center of a turpentine and farmSCENES FROM IDLEWILD ing district which was about ten miles from THE CRISIS SCENES FROM IDLEWILD any railroad. Even the nearest mail box was about three miles away. My wife and I decided to accept this invitation and planned a fifteen days' outing'. Before leav ing, I gave instructions to my secretary to take care of my mail till I returned as I did not want even a letter to disturb us. Some time in early August, we took the train for Boston, Ga., where we were met by Mr. Perkins with his team and jogged along the road in good old country style for twenty miles to be dumped into the very midst of primitive life. We were almost worshipfully welcomed by father, mother, children and a host of kinsfolks, as well as their friends. Our coming must have been heralded for the whole community had turned out to meet Dennis Perkins' teachers. Besides fishing tackle and huntingaccouterments, ure in entertaining the simple people with the Edison product, many of whom had not seen or heard one before. Every day, including Sundays, I was called upon to give a concert with that box "wid al' dem fo'ks an' dem music ban's in it." My wife and I got as nearly back to primitive man in dress, and places to sleep, as we could without attracting any special attention from the country folks. Every day was back to nature. We studied the strange plants and animals that we saw and took notes in our minds as we avoided note books and pencils. We fished from boats on the lakes. We pulled fodder, picked peanuts, and indulged most frequently in that most luscious of summer time southern fruit, the watermelon. We breakfasted, supped and dined with the different folks of the community; were without restraint of dress, received no mail, sent none, had no kind of drinks, no ice—simply pure cool spring water—but a varied daily program of such enjoyment as can be found only a long ways from the railroad in the "sticks." Not dry sticks, but sticks bristling with shaking green leaves everywhere. Like two playful children, my wife and I roamed the cultivated fields, rambled through the woods, drank the healthful turpentine water that collected in the boxes of the pine trees, picked blackberries, waded streams, till we found our cheeks glowing with the hot blood of youth LAUGHING IN AND OUT ful vigor and our limbs full of childish actaking to her heels, always answered the tivity. Of course, an occasional snake would question in pantomimic style, "Never." The intrude itself upon us to remind us of the kodak has preserved to us some pleasant famous three horse head picture: "When reminder of this holiday which I consider shall we three meet again?" My wife, l»y the "Best Summer 1 Ever Spent." THREE POEMS By LUCIAN B. WATKINS FREDERICK DOUGLASS ORATOR DOWN in the lowly valleys, by the rills, He said his simple prayers and made his moan; Then caught the sudden thunder of the hills And swayed the world— Heaven's eloquence his own! PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR POET GOD gave his struggling soul a Dream That in its birth, A Beauty and a Joy Supreme Might bless the earth. He dreamed. Along the Heavenward way Of Love Divine Men saw the Light and, day by day, Knelt at the shrine. SAMUEL COLERIDGE-TAYLOR MUSICIAN GOD set his soul to music, chord on chord, As sweet as Heaven's hosannas to the Lord: A lute of love moved by the Spirit Breath High as Eternal Life and deep as Death! LAUGHING IN AND OUT By EDWARD IDE WE pass by the moping man, Since Mirth and Misery began. We pass by the Moaning, Mourning, With a hard and heartless scorning. But the limber-hearted laugh, Silvery syllables of chaff,— These oftwhile us beguile As we pause to listen, smile,— Pause to catch another staff Of the music! Laughing, in and out they go,— Negroes with a fate of woe— In and out of shameful dens, Mansions, palaces, or pens, Club or jail, hotel or hovel. If they swagger, if they grovel, Well or ill—laugh, they will! While we wonder, while we thrill At an innocence as novel As in children. On occasions here and there, (As the Disregarded fare,) They accept the meagre dole With whatever pain of soul. Laughing in and out of season, Laughing with or without reason, Still they laugh, still they chaff, Still they whistle off a staff, Though it seems with utter treason To the conscience. In the mighty human tide, They are shuffled to the side. From the jungle and the slaver, Borne to grief and trouble graver, Yet they meet unequal strife, Laughing in and out of life. Come what may to their day, They are witty, they are gay,— To the drum and to the fife Go on marching! Gray Eyes A Story by "Jack Howard" of the Baltimore Colored High School I LOVED Mary Arden, my schoolmate, with her black curls and gray, shadow eyes; but Mary loved the handsome, reckless. Alton Brice, who ruined her and cast her off when she was but eighteen. I followed her one night and saw Brice spurn het and knock her down. I struck him with all the force I could command. The fellows pulled me off, but Price lay inert. "Oh! God! he's killed him!" cried Mary. I ran wildly away and took refuge on a cattleship bound for England. Oh, the utter blackness of the days that followed; the fear, the dread of the law's heavy hand; the stern reality of the present life. Before that time I had never known real hardship or undergone great physical pain. I was the youngest ma n aboard ship. I was different too, and the men seemed to hate me for it. Every strapping stevedore tried to become my master, as the mate was his, and the great bearded-captain his. I fought at first but they were great, hard, hairy men and I had no chance. They beat me until I cried out in pain or lay upon the hay-strewn floor stunned and bleeding. Many a night I have rolled about in the corner which was alotted me to sleep in, trying to keep from crying aloud. And sometimes I have stood for hours by the rail under the cold stars, thinking of home; wondering if they would ever track me across the seemingly track less ocean and take me back. Even when I slept horrible dreams broke in upon me. I dreamed of Alton Brice and his death- pale face. I fought with men who sought to drag me down into the deep, black waters. Often I saw Mary's face as I had seen it last. Sometimes she stretched her arms toward me, appealing aid; at other times she forced me from her in anguish and the rushing waves echoed her cry, "Oh, God! He's killed him!" No detectiv e waited for me on the docks at London and yet I hated the city, with its impenetrable fogs and foreboding, gra y ston e buildings. I went to sea again and plunged into the maze of the life that paupers know, a life that grinds an d grinds until it kills body and soul. For four long years I wandered around the world on sea and land. And God! the sights that I have seen; the truths that I have had branded into my soul with glowing irons. I wonder now that I could ever have dreamed or hoped or cared. You who have lived in guarded homes far from the real world that writhes and suffers can never fully know the Hell that life can be. Civilization—what is it but an outer covering, a veil, a mask that men throw over their conceited eyes to blind themselves to others' rights and others' sufferings? A mask that makes them feel themselves above the common herd in longings, feelings, yearnings, sensibilities; that makes them speak of slavery as a forward step in the development of man, because one man is raised upon another's back. One man is raised; another crushed. The man who smirks and smiles and says the world is good and grand lies damnably. I have seen life in all its forms and death is common to me now. Only two months ago I saw a woman on the quays at Venice, "GRAY EYES" wallowing in her blood, three ghastly knife wounds in her slender body; an infant wrapped and swaddled, sleeping by her side. Last year I saw an English officer murder a brakesman as he would a dog. I have seen peons working in the fields of Mexico and my own people in the South's black belt afraid to raise their tired eyes lest they should die. I have looked in on sweatshops where women work, their backs bent and cramped; their pale faces pinched and drawn because they dare not stop lest they should die. I wonder not at War but rather at the crushing Hell of Peace. I wonder that the poor believe in God; I wonder that the Maker of this world lets this world live on. Some day, you say, the good must conquer; right will prevail. I wish that I could say it and believe it, but it seems to me a dream and I must dream no more. A week ago I took my greatest risk and came here to Washington, just forty miles from home. I secured this wretched lodg ing here amid the filth and squalor which I have learned to bear without flinching. "I must not drink," I told myself, -for it will do me no good. I will but brood and dream the more." But mad desire came. Oh yes, it is a habit now. I drank and dreamed again of Mary and a boy's roman tic love. Yesterday I came out of a bar and there, standing beside a black touring car was Jimmy Scott, well and happy. I drew back then, laughing at my folly, hurried on. He would not know me. But he did know me, in spite of all the change he knew my face. "Clark Hayward!" he cried as he grasped my hand in his old free manner. "Where the devil have you been all these years?" The old animal fear for my freedom burst out. "I suppose you are going to give me up?" I asked. "For what?" he demanded in surprise. I thought he was trying to play with me, "Oh Hell," I said bitterly. "Don't play with me. For the murder of Alton Brice, of course. You saw me kill him." He placed his hands firmly on my shoulders and looked into my face. "Clark," he said, "haven't you heard? You did not kill him. He came to in half an hour's time and went home." I could not answer him for a long mo ment and when I did speak it was not of the man but of the woman. "And Mary? What became of her?" asked. "God knows. She left town with her child a few weeks after the fight." "Didn't he marry her?" I asked. "Didn't he—? By God, I will kill him now!" Jimmy smiled. " A woman has saved you the trouble. He was killed, shot dead in a New York cafe. So cheer up and come with me home to dinner." I thanked him but refused. "There is one other thing I want to know," I said. "M y father. Is he still alive?" "No, Clark," he replied. "He died the year before we moved over here." I shook his hand again and, turning, left him wondering, his youthful brow furrowed in pity; his eyes gazing sadly after me. Dear old Jimmy, never too good or too bad. He sympathized in his boyish way with the sorrows of others; he laughed the next moment in his own happiness. He knew naught of life and thought little of death. And yet how happy he was, how blindly, how selfishly happy! I reached this dusty lodging house early last night and went to bed, but I could not sleep. In the little room across the hall a child cried piteously and a woman groaned. Somehow it unnerved me. It made me symbolize the spirit of the world, a child's cry; a woman's groan; a man's soul-racking, tight-lipped silence. About midnight the landlady knocked gently on the door. She is a poor old soul, her mind weakened by rum and hardship, but underneath it all her heart is good. She knows suffering and understands. She is not so far removed from the rest of God's creatures that she can laugh at pain and scorn the suffering of a human being. "Mr. Thompson," she called (I had gone by that name to avoid arrest). "The woman across the hall is dying. Would you go to the drug store on the corner an' call up a doctor? I hates to bother you but I kin hardly walk tonight and can't go out in this rain." I assured her that it would be no trouble and, leaping out of bed, dressed hurriedly, and went upon my errand. I called some TH E CRISIS sleepy physician from his slumbers and returned. The woman still groaned in pain. I opened the door slowly and stepped into her room. She lay under the scantiest cover, her face toward the wall, her shoulders heaving as she cried. "Madam," I said, "the doctor will be here soon, I hope." She turned. The flickering lamplight shone full upon her face, all flushed with the ravages of fever. I saw a tangled mass of raven hair, a perfect mouth, and two great eyes, sombre and gray. The very eyes that I had seen before me day after day and night after night all these dreary years. I started back, as one who sees a ghost. She started, too, then fell back and gazed intently upon my face. "Mary!" I cried. Weakly she murmured, "Clark!" In a moment I was on my knees beside her. "Oh, Mary, you are suffering, be quiet." 'Twas all I could say. "No, I'm not suffering now," she said. "But I have suffered—a great deal, Clark." She did not seem surprised that I should be there beside her and talked on hurriedly. "I know I'm dying and I'm glad, so glad! Why did I live? Why could I not have died before I met him? Why did God let him live to ruin our lives, both yours and mine? You look old, Clark, very old." I did not answer and she went on. "I might have been so happy," she murmured. "I might have loved you; but I was wild, a wilful, foolish girl and you worshipped me until I tired of your adoration. I wanted fire—not love, I suppose; but before God, I loved him. I loved him, Clark!" She covered her face in the bed clothes and sobbed hysterically and one who slept at her side, and whom I had not noticed until now, awoke. It was a little boy about four years old. He sat up and looked mournfully upon his weeping mother. Then he turned to me a cherub's gold-brown face and eyes as gray as dawn, his mother's eyes. He has awakened now and is looking silently upon me as I write. Before she died she made me promise to take him. "You are good, Clark," she said. "Keep him and make him good, as you would make your own." The madness of the old dream overwhelmed me. I bent and gently kissed her trembling lips. "I promise you," I said, and then she died. She lies there in the room across the hall and I have brought him over here, this quiet little fellow who seldom smiles and in whose baby eyes the seriousness of life seems lurking now. "Make him good," she said. It is a dream. His mother's weakness; his father's vice; my own new-found, cynical harshness. What has he to hope from these? Yet I must try. Because I loved his mother? No. That was a dream. Because Go loves the child. That is no dream, I pray, lie must grow strong and he must know the world; its suffering and its sorrows. He must not dream and he must not shirk, he must know. He must be good and true and pure in thought, prepared to fight and suffer and, if need be, die for the right, as did the son of another Mary in the long ago. My shattered life from now on must be given to him. It is my task. I must not fail. I will not fail, Gray Eyes, I promise you. TEARS AND KISSES By G. Douglas Johnson There are tears of emotion, of joy, of surprise, There are tears far too deep for the lakes of the eyes. There are kisses like snowdrops, pink kisses and red, There are kisses that live in the hearts of the dead! The Looking Glass LITERATURE. 	thrown into the Mississippi. The exact number of dead probably will never be THE Poetic Year for 1916, A Critical known. Anthology," by William Stanley Six Negroes were hanged to telegraph Braithwaite, is one of the important books poles in the south end of town. A reliable of the season. In this volume Mr. Braithwaite allowswhite man himself and three other charac reports having counted 19 Negro corpses on a side street. ters under the mythological names of Jason, THE CAUSES Psyche and Cassandra to discuss at large According to the New York Tribune: the values of the school of modern poets. Michael Whalen, president of the	 Central The book is very exhaustive, for	 the critics Trades and Labor Council here and like review and quote not only from the better wise city clerk, gave one explanation of known writers, such as Untermeyer and conditions which he thought led to the riot ing. Miss Burr, but from many obscure poets, whom Jason cleverly calls "the dandelions Last summer 4,500 white men went on strike in the packing plants of Armour &amp;and anemones among poets—or, to be flat Co., Morris &amp; Co. and Swift &amp; Co. Eight and offensive about it, the minor poets." hundred Negroes from the South came into Besides, the critics discuss such publications the plants as strikebreakers. When the as "The Present-Day Poets of America and strike ended the Negroes remained at work and an equivalent number of white men Great Britain," "A n Anthology of the New failed to get their jobs back. Since then Verse," " A Book of Princeton Verse," "The there has been a stream of Negroes arrivCatholic Anthology," "Some Imagist Poets, ing. At least 2,500 Negroes have come 1916," "The Chicago Anthology," and the from the South in the last year. Managers of plants mentioned by Mr. author's own "Anthology for 1916." Of Whalen asserted that not a white man had course, such a work is bound to	 be discur been deprived of work because of the" Negroes.sive, but for anyone who is truly interested cult to get enough labor, they said. They in the curious trend of latter-day verse and explained that rosy letters written back home by the first arrivals accounted for the who has time to spare, the "Critical Antholcontinued influx from the South. The ogy" is both diverting and informing. One Negro laborers were particularly pleased to certainly would not need to read the poets get the same wages and hours as the white themselves after a thorough perusal. The men. volume, which is published by Small, Maynard and Company, Boston, is beautifully The New York Herald says: got up and would adorn any library. The The rioting is a revival of the riots of a author in a prefatory note acknowledges his month ago, when the leaders of various laindebtedness to Mr. Alain LeRoy Locke for bor unions found that many Negroes were many helpful suggestions. being imported from the South. The unions had been arranging for a big strike, and the Negroes were induced to come here from the South to be ready to take the strikers' places. THE RIOT IN EAST ST. LOUIS The New York Times adds: THE FACTS The disorder began when a mob of 200 H E New York Herald says: Negroes fired on an automobile load of policemen last night, killing one. seventy-five Negroes and at least half a C. W. Wallace, editor of a Negro religious dozen white men have been killed in race publication, said the firing on the police was riots that have startled East St. Louis due to a misunderstanding. According to since last midnight. Black Valley, the big Wallace's account, a Negro minister, a Negro quarter, was set afire by the mobs Negro physician, and himself were returnof whites and the flames have spread ing from St. Louis last night when they steadily until the business centre of the city saw white "joy riders" ride down a block is menaced at midnight. in Market street inhabited by Negroes and fire into the houses. The neighborhood was Anywhere between twenty-five and The New York Call, gives a little more aroused and the Negroes armed themselves. detail: Wallace did not see the Negro mob fire on Negroes are being shot down like rabbits an automobile filled with policemen, but he and strung up to telegraph poles. said a witness told him that the Negroes The official police estimate at 9 o'clock put thought when the police automobile stopped the number of dead at 100. They reach this it was the joy riders returning. The shoottotal partly through reports that many vicing began, he was told, before this misuntims have been pursued into creeks and shot, derstanding was removed. It was said that burned in buildings or murdered and the policemen were in plain clothes. 175 176 THE CRISIS THE ATTENDANT CIRCUMSTANCES This comes from the New York Times: It is estimated that 50,000 men and women were in the streets and that more than two-thirds of this number were armed. Small boys carried revolvers and were shooting' at the blacks. Two hundred militiamen were on duty in the zone affected by the fire, but despite fixed bayonets they were unable to control the mob. One section of the mob gathered around woman or child—from a dwelling, frequently their clothes burning, the mob would set up a great shout and rifles and pistols would be fired. So far no Negro is known to have escaped. The whites have a merciless net about the Negroes and the cry is: "Kill 'em all!" The rioting grew more serious at half-past one. A car was stopped, the trolley pulled from the wire, and a mob of white men invaded the car looking for Negroes. One was taken off, beaten and kicked and a lone Negro on Fourth street, near Broadway. A rop was thrown around his neck then shot. H died in an ambulance. While and he was hoisted up a telephone pole, but that disturbance was raging another car the rope broke. Men and women in the mob appeared. As the car was halted, white shouted g'leefully as the Negro fell into the women and white girls boarded it and, seizgutter, while half a dozen men riddled his ing shrieking Negro women, dragged them body with bullets. Negroes are lying in into the streets, where they were pounded the gutters every few feet in some places. and kicked. A few minutes later, as a crowd was at Whenever a white man attempted to drag tacking Negroes, one Negro was shot in the a Negro from the street, intending to give head. The crowd cheered as policemen put him medical attention, the mob with drawn him in an ambulance. Militiamen witnessed pistols forced him to desist. Several Negroes who were killed were thrown into that scene, but did nothing to disperse the Cahokia Creek. A mob of more than 100 men, led by ten or fifteen young girls about 18 years old, chased a Negro woman at the Relay Depot about 5 o'clock. The girls were brandishing clubs and calling upon the men to kill the woman. A lone Negro man appeared in the railroad yards. The mob immediately gave up the chase of the woman and turned upon the man. He was shot to death. While straggling groups of soldiers and police looked on, a large crowd of white men gathered at Fourth street and Broadway at 7:30 o'clock and captured two and one in the leg. As the mob fell back building. Placing a rope around their necks, the mob attempted to hang them to a telephone pole. The police and soldiers did not offer any interference. Finding the rope inadequate for the weight of the men, they were dragged screaming to an alley, where many shots were fired into their bodies. One of the Negroes was dragged back to the pole and a new rope was tied around his neck. As two white men attempted to pull him into the air, the rope broke, throwing the white men on their backs, to the amusement of the mob. The Negro fell to the ground, dead. Three more Negroes were seen by the mob as the terrorized blacks were trying to escape from a burning building. One of them was strung up to a telephone pole and the other two were shot. The bodies were left in the street. The New York Herald says: The burning quarter is hemmed about by a ring of desperate and armed whites who are firing at every Negro as he darts from his blazing home. Usually the fugitive's body is pierced by a dozen or more bullets before he has run twenty yards, and he crumbles up and falls in the flame-swept street. As the flames would drive a Negro—man, mob. In the business centre the whites, emboldened by the absence of police and soldiers, attacked Negroes wherever they were seen. Agitators speaking at street corners, inflamed the mob. While one agitator was speaking a harmless Negro, an old resident, started to pass. A white man hit him a blow in the face. Others knocked him down and kicked him. As he lay in the street a white man pushed the crowd aside with his revolver and, deliberately taking aim, fired five times. Only two of the shots took effect, one in the arm Negroes the Negro jumped up and ran. The New York Evening Sun continues: When the torch was applied to the shacks in Black Valley, the scene was indescribable. Members of the mob armed with rifles, shotguns and revolvers stood at the head of each street and as the Negroes dashed out to escape the flames they were fired on. In one street seven bodies lay almost on top of each other to testify to the marksmanship of the rioters. This brutal murder is vouched for by the Baltimore, Md., American: A newspaper reporter, who was in the thick of the trouble last night, related a particularly brutal story. A white man, observing a cowering Negro, approached and said: "Come with me into this alley; you'll be safe there; there's a soldier there." The Negro followed. In the alley the white man calmly shot his victim through the head and sauntered back into the street, presently joining a mob intent on a rope and lamppost lynching. It continues: The police force, which numbers 60, was charged with negligence in attempting to quell the violence. Of all the incidents of the riot related today, not one told of a single act of bravery on the part of the police or THE LOOKING GLASS 177 guardsmen. Anxious citizens, who inquired of individual militiamen why they did not stop the looting and murder which were going on, in many instances under their very eyes, received grins for their reply. Some of the soldiers were disarmed by the rioters. Women, according to the New York Call, took a prominent part in the disorder: Six girls pursued a Negress around the main railway station, termed locally the "relay depot." A mob formed behind the girls, who were screaming frantic epithets at the terrified black girl. "Send them back to Africa!" "Kill them all!" "Lynch them!" shouted the young- women. Suddenly the crowd swept from the trail of the Negress. A- yell arose, "There's one!" A Negro was walking on the railroad tracks. Before he realized his peril, he was killed. Half a dozen pistols cracked, and the man dropped without a chance to run. Two white girls, neither more than 17 years old, were cheered when they dragged a Negro girl from a street car, removed her slippers and beat her senseless with the sharp wooden heels. The New York World also mentions the negligence of the guardsmen: "The soldiers took sides with the mob," said a Negro. "The militia, as far as I saw, fired two shots. Both shots killed Negroes. The police also were on the side of the mob." THE RESULTS The New York Herald says: Estimates were made by the authorities to-day that more than half of the city's Negro population has left. Many Negroes escaped over the bridges into St. Louis, Mo., on Monday night and thousands were escorted out of the city by the military authorities yesterday. Scores of homes in the Negro section are deserted. It is estimated that before the rioting more than twenty thousand Negroes lived in East St. Louis. The New York World gives this tragic account of the exodus: Thousands of Negroes streamed across all Mississippi bridges to-day into St. Louis, the fear of death on them. Watchers at the St. Louis end of the Eads Bridge are said to have estimated them at 7,000. A stream crossed the Merchants', McKinley and the free bridge in almost equal numbers. The hegira was a pathetic procession of families. Al l day long men and women bearing their household goods bundled in sheets on their heads and accompanied by troops of children passed over. A few whites, says the New York Call, helped them to flee: Flight and deportation of Negroes, of whom there are 10,000 in East St. Louis, already is on. Motor trucks, crammed with blacks and guarded by soldiers, have been crossing the Mississippi to the Missouri side all day. Some went of their own accord. Others were removed by Col. Tripp. Armour the exodus. ECHOES Press comment varies from the "holier than-thou" attitude taken by most of the Southern papers, to the really sincere effort of a few publications to find something deeper and more vital than race-prejudice behind this shameful outbreak. The New York Call says: Races are involved, to be sure, but the fundamental cause is not racial, but eco nomic, and until that is understood white men and black men will continue to murder each other, with the latter contributing most to the slaughter, as, being the weaker party, they always must. We admit regretfully that few white men understand this, and still fewer Negroes. But until it is understood, and action deduced from it, these hideous scenes will continue. There is no such thing as a solution of the so-called "Negro problem" without a solution of the immeasurably greater labor problem, of which it is but a part. There is no escape for the Negro in flying from South to North or from East to West, or in any direction whatever. He can. en masse, no more get away from his "problem" than a man can abandon his shadow, and that is quite as true of the white workingman also. A n individual Negro may go, say, to a country like England and find better social conditions, but the mass of Negroes cannot. They would simply bring the "problem" with them. This comes from the New York World: Calling the mob attacks on Negroes in East St. Louis, 111., "worse than anything the Germans did in Belgium," WilliamEnglish sent a telegram to President Wilson yesterday asking "swift and severe punishment" for those responsible. He acted as a member of the executive committee of theNational the Colored People. Most important of all is the outburst of Colonel Roosevelt in the presence of Mr. Gompers at the meeting in Carnegie Hall to welcome the Russian Envoys. The New York Herald prints the following account: "Before we speak of justice to others it behooves us to see that we do justice in our own household." The speaker then plunged into a warm condemnation of the race rioting, "for which, so far as we can see, there was no justification and no provocation, and which was waged with such appalling fatality as to leave an indelible stigma upon the American name. When we applaud the birth of democracy among another people and praise the spirit of democratic justice to all, which they have avowed, it behooves 178 THE us to express our deep condemnation of the acts which give the lie to our words within the limits of our own country. "It is impossible to justify mob violence. The duty of the government is first of all to suppress disorder. Then, upon its foundation of law and order, it may rear the structure of justice. The cheapest and most common form of sentimental debauch is to give free expression to sentiments of virtue as found somewhere else while we have not yet put our own house in order." Mr. Gompers replied, saying that he wished he had with him a telegram from the head of a strong labor organization in Illinois which showed how for a long time capitalists of East St. Louis had been "luring colored men into that city to supplant white labor, and often, after the Negroes had been herded into town by the thousands, they found they had no place provided for them where they might lay their heads." Mr. Roosevelt would not be silenced. He continued, according to the Herald: "I am not willing that a meeting called for the purpose of commemorating the birth of freedom in Russia shall be made the vehicle for an apology, implied or otherwise, for the unspeakable brutalities committed upon colored men and women and children recently in East St. Louis. "Justice with me is not a mere form of words. How in the name of Heaven can we consistently praise Russia for doing democratic and undiscriminating justice to the men within her borders if we seem, even by implication, to tolerate apology for the criminal atrocities committed within one of our own States? In the past I have had to listen too often to the same kind of apologies for the murders committed against the Armenians and the Jews. "I am a democrat of the democrats, and I'll do anything in the world for the laboring man except to do what is wrong, and or music of any of the Negro spirituals. that I refuse to do for any man."Approaching Mr. Gompers, who sat apparently astounded by the storm he had precipitated, Colonel Roosevelt shouted: "I do not care one snap of my finger, though, for anything that may have been said in a despatch by the head of the strongest labor organization in the State ofthere can be no justification, no apology for such gross atrocities. These things occurred in a Northern State, in which the Negroes are in a minority. If the white men ofvotes, without resorting to the murder of defenceless women and children, then I say that they are unworthy to exercise the manhood franchise. "I'll do anything in my power to protect the laboring man in the enjoyment of his rights. But when there is wanton murder I will put it down ruthlessly and discuss the causes that may have brought it about afterward. We are gathered here to-night to greet the distinguished representatives of a nation that is standing now for democracy CRISIS and an equal justice to all.an evening will I consent tolisten to apologies for theinnocent and the helpless!" THE REAL AMERICANSONG THE real American folk-song has not been produced in America except in a single part of the country, writes Mr. Oscar Seagle in the Musical Courier. He says: Those early colonists who settled the country were not a folk in the true sense of the word. They were instead the representatives of peoples who had already developed a considerable civilization and had passed far beyond the stage in a people's growth when it gives birth to folk art. Some of them, it is true, brought traditional songs with them which survived wherever the conditions were favorable. It seems to the writer, for instance, that the songs of the Tennessee mountaineers will be found eventually to have such a history. Once here the colonists continued, or strove to continue, such artistic development as they possessed upon their arrival. They attempted to build upon the art of Europe, and our composers ever since have but emulated the achievements of the Europeans. In the South, however, lived the one people who because it was unhampered by civilizing influences could produce songs of a folk nature. The black slaves were illiterate and unschooled; what is more, the slavery under which they lived precluded the cultivation of the arts of civilization. Yet from their native Africa they had brought a love for music, and particularly a rhythmic sense, that had to find expression. In their work and in their religious gatherings the emotional invigoration of song was a necessity. No one knows the author of either words Never on such  sit silent and  murder of the FOLK They grew together, taking shape under we know not what conditions, and apparently in most cases were not the product of any one individual. The method of their com position was probably somewhat of the fol lowing nature: Among the Negroes there Illinois. I say to him and I say to you, sir, was always a leader who would start a song with some particular reference to his re ligion or to his work. His fellows would take up the refrain. The leader improvised Illinoisupon cannot verses he themselves along. by their  the protect The  as wentmelody simply followed the word line. Once the song was received with pleasure, it might be repeated. As time went on additions or deletions were made according to the whim of the singer. These songs thus born survived through the simple process of oral tradition. Mr. Seagle resents the occasional effort which is made to deprive the Negro of this honor: Certain writers on the subject, while ad mitting this fact of their origin, deny that they are altogether the creation of the Ne 179 THE LOOKING GLASS gro, but insist that the music is but the servile imitation of such as the slaves may have heard from their white masters. This objection, however, has been disposed of by the more reliable scholars because of the peculiarity of their intervallic and rhythmic elements. In the present consideration of the subject the writer must ask his readers to accept this bald statement as true, since to go into an exhaustive investigation would consume more space than he has at his disposal, and besides his purpose is primarily to interest his readers in the enjoyment of this unique product of American music. That such peculiarities do exist is attested by the difficulties experienced whenever attempts have been made to record the spirituals in terms of our musical notation and by the failure in interpretation that falls to the lot of any singer who would sing them in strict accordance with the recorded version. Unfortunately, no definite effort was made prior to the Civil War to record scientifically these songs. Since then various attempts have been made, but they have been sporadic and have not begun to cover the field. In spite of this neglect we have at present records of over 500. The field, however, has only been scratched; a treasure still lies ready for the first enthusiast who, equipped by training for the work, will devote a few years of his life to their compilation. It is highly necessary that the work be undertaken as soon as possible. Great changes have taken, indeed are taking, place in the South that render it more and more difficult to secure versions of these songs. Since the days of the reconstruction the Negro has been subjected to the influences that does not rest upon the constitutional of freedom and its attendant education. Today he endeavors most of all to emulate the white man in all things, and by the same token to discard the customs and traditions of his own race. The young Negro of to-day does not know nor is he interested in the songs of his fathers. He is rapidly forgetting the spirituals, and it is only where the old darky who has known the days before the war can be found that record of these songs can be made. In spite of their humble origin the Negro folk-songs are likely to form the very root of the great American production of the future. Mr. Seagle continues: Apart from the value the spirituals possess in themselves, they may ultimately serve the same purpose as have the folk songs of other countries in the development of the higher art forms. The folksong is the true basis for the development of a nationalistic music. Antonin Dvorak recognized the value of the spirituals and drew upon them for the thematic material of the "New World" symphony and the quartet for strings. But American composers have been diffident about using them. In fact, I think that few American composers have taken the trouble to investigate them at all. The prejudice against the black race dies hard and even in matters of art it still exists. The composer of our so-called popular music has not hesitated to use them, particularly their rhythmic elements, arid the snap which characterizes over sixty per cent of the spirituals forms the rhythmic basis for rag-time. That only the cheapest of our musical expression should find inspiration in the spirituals might seem to condemn them, were it not that the cheapest frequently seizes upon the best in an art— particularly makes it serve its base purposes. No, the fact that rag-time took one of its elements from the spiritual does not damn the spiritual, but rather would prove its all-appealing quality. WANTED—A DEMOCRACY N. C. A. RAYHOUSER, in a letter to the • editor of the Ohio State Journal, Columbus, O., wants to know what is the use of a world democracy without world justice. He says: If the "world is to be made safe for democracy" it must also be made safe for absolute justice. And that justice must be measured by a single standard. Theories are nothing if not translated into deeds. Democracy is nothing in state papers if the principles of the democracy are trampled upon by law makers and executives. The foundation of all good government is law and order, the cornerstone is justice, and honor is its crowning capital. There never was, there never will be, good government rights of every citizen. If the world war results in a world democracy, will the Negro citizen participate in its blessings? Will courts and administrations establish an imaginary color line? Shall there be one interpretation of the law for the white citizen and another and harsher interpretation for the Negro? Shall he be discriminated against on account of race? Can we harmonize injustice to the Negro in practice with the claim that we are in the war for democracy and humanity? The American people are pouring out billions of treasure and blood ostensibly to widen the bounds of democracy. Will the Negro be thrust outside of those bounds? Can we trample upon the rights of Negro citizens without ultimately imperiling the rights of the white citizens? Can we, with safety to our free institutions, deny justice to the Negro and keep him in ignorance? Nearly 12 per cent of the population in the United States is of Negro blood. It may be made an important factor in the material progress of the nation or it may become a menace. Which condition is to be preferred? It is for the interest of the white citizen as well as for the colored citizen that there shall be equality before the law of both 180 THE races. There should be no color line drawn, all on one side of which be declared outlaws. Did President Wilson in his address to Congress forget the thoroughly undemocratic treatment of a whole mass of people in this country? Benjamin Albin Arnold, writing in the New York Evening Pout, feels this must be the case: President Wilson in his address towhich we have always carried nearest our hearts—for democracy, the right of those who submit to authority to have a voice in their own government. The more I read and think of these words the more I think of conditions in this country that surely cannot escape the notice of the President. I wonder if he ever thinks that he can convince the world that America really stands for humanity so long as he never raises his voice in behalf of the down-trodden people of his own country. I wonder if he ever thinks of the State Governments of the South, many of them more despotic than any in Europe; of the thousands of American citizens deprived of the right of suffrage, guaranteed them by the Constitution of their country; of the Jim Crow cars, segregation acts, and other hardships heaped upon a defenceless people without cause; I wonder what he thinks of the affair at Memphis, when people came from miles around to see a poor wretch burned to death. We hear a lot about, the cruelty of the Germans, and that the world can only be made safe for democracy by the destruction of their power. I think if the President would notify the Governors of the Southern States that lynchings must cease, and that every unfair law be erased from their statute books, he would go a long ways toward making this country the real champion of the cause of democracy. I cannot understand how it is thatblood of her sons to secure liberty for the Belgians, Poles, Germans, and all the other nations of Europe, and at the same time deny to ten millions of its most loyal subjects the liberties guaranteed them by their Constitution. The American Negro is humiliated and degraded every day by his Government; he sees great signs telling men that their country needs them, and when he tries to enlist he is coldly refused. Here is a significant bit from the Macon, Ga., Telegraph. Speaking of registration day, the editor says: In Jasper county, where there has before now been serious racial trouble, women's organizations had a flower and a little emblem for every man who registered. On the coat lapel of every white man was pinned the little tribute by a white woman, into the hand of every Negro was placed a similar little tribute by the white women. The line was drawn clearly, boldly though tactfully, CRISIS but the universal service got its recognition. The italics, of course, are ours. Yet these women are not too proud to have Negro sol diers fight for them. THE AFFAIR AT SCHENECTADY THE strike in the General Electric Company at Schenectad ably concluded. The Gazette(Schenectady, Congress said that we shall fight for the things According to Mr. Emmons, King, the Ne gro student-worker, will remain in shop 23 under the exact conditions which obtained when the men walked out. Mr. Emmons, who is the company's vice- president, has issued the following state ment: "I am glad that the men have accepted my advice and will return to their places and will work peaceably with all their fellow workmen. "The young man, Wendell King, remains in his present place." The Schenectady Knickerbocker Press makes this significant observation: The fact that 5,000 men have been idle for eight days because one Negro student was doing the work of a machinist, is prov ing expensive to the strikers. The impression left by the strike has not been a pleasant one. The Utica, N . Y., Press feels that— The Schenectady incident is sympto matic. From denial of political rights and equal protection of the laws to denial of economic opportunity to the Negro and finally even of the commonest subject rights are natural gradations. Both or either constitutes a flagrant violation of the democratic spirit of which America has been too fond of believing itself the especial America is willing to spend her treasure and the champion and guardian. And the Charlotte, N. C, Observer can not miss this opportunity to remind the North of its inhospitable reception of the Negro immigrant: The reception of the Negro in the North has not been entirely up to his expectations in all cases. If the truth were known it has met his previously conceived notion in but few. A t Schenectady two thousand workmen went out on strike because one lone, unoffending Negro had been given employment in the shops—and this in war times when the employment of an undesirable laborer might have been expected to be minimized. In normal times the appearance of a Negro among the Schenectady workmen might have resulted in a riot instead of a simple strike. The significance is in the fact that these workmen supposed that one Negro them, others would naturally follow, and they will not stand for that. Shadows of Light THE LAST OF THE "OLD GUARD" M. W, Gibbs Ex-Go v. Pinchback, James Lewis Who is the Sole Survivor 1. GEN. SMUTS AND LABORERS FROM SOUTH AFRICA IN FRANCE. 2. ST. CHRISTOPHER CROSS-COUNTRY 3. TEAM. ST. PHILIP'S CHURCH, NEW YORK 5. AFTER THE FIRE IN ATLANTA, GA. 6. OFFICERS' ROW, 15TH REGIMENT, N. C. USKEGEE COMMENCEMENT PROCESSION. 4. THE CELEBRATED CUBAN BASEBALL TEAM. N.	 Y. 7. NEW YORK'S COLORED REGIMENT IN CAMP. 8. COLORED LABORERS FROM SOUTH AFRICA ON THEIR WAY TO FRANCE. H X Pi o 2 on D5 E. E. THOMPSON'S BAND, NEW YORK CITY. National Association for theAdvancement TH E LYNCHIN G A T MEMPHIS . a deaf and dumb Negro named Dewitt Ford, THE Field Secretary, during the latter who claimed to have witnessed the tragedy. part of May and the first part of June, Ford accused Dan Armstrong, a Negro timmade a tour of the branches in the larger ber cutter, of being the criminal.Armstrong cities of the Middle West. He attended white employer, clearly established that he and addressed the St. Louis DistrictConference, which met at St. Louis, and had reported to him for work at six o'clock Great Lakes Conference, which met at Detroit. He also visited and spoke for the Monday morning and had worked all day: branches in Louisville, Cincinnati,Indianapolis, Chicago, and Cleveland. From Cleveland so Armstrong was released. and make a report on the burning of Ell Person. The following is a condensation of that report: On Monday, April 30, near six o'clock, Antoinette Rappal, sixteen years old, got on her bicycle to go to school. She never returned. On Wednesday, May 2, the "Memphis Press" printed a story of the missing girl under the headline, "War Lures Girl of 15 to Leave," and containing an account of Antoinette's oft expressed desire to join the Red Cross. The girl's mother was reported as believing that her daughter had left home for that purpose. The Memphis papers of Thursday, May 3, published accounts of the finding ofgirl's head had been severed from the body with an ax. The only clues were: dents of an ax in the soft ground, filled with blood, a man's white handkerchief with the corners torn off, and fresh automobile tracks nearby. Later, the detectives found a white vest or coat near the scene of the murder. The theory held by the police was that the crime had been committed by two men. This theory was held because Antoinette was strong and athletic, weighing 130 pounds, and because the position of her body indicated that more than one man had abused and slain her. Suspicion fell on Negro wood choppers, a number of whom worked in the vicinity. One of these was arrested but was released when his white employer testified that he had been at work all day on the date of the crime. The papers of Thursday morning also carried an account of an attack on a white woman by two unknown white men, who got away. On Thursday night, Sheriff Tate arrested The Memphis papers on Saturday, May 5, reported that the city detective force did not agree with the sheriff's office on the theory of the crime. The detectives held that the crime had been committed by a white man. The following excerpts regarding the break between the city detective force and the sheriff's office on the theory of the case are from the "Commercial Appeal" of May 5: "Detectives on Case. "Are Working on Theory That White Man Committed Crime. "Brunner and Hoyle, city detectives, who were assigned to assist the sheriff's office in investigating the Rappal murder mystery, have thus far kept their discoveries to themselves. It is understood at detective headAntoinettequarters that they in the Wolf River bottoms. The are working on the theory that a white man, and not a Negro, may have committed the crime. * * * "There are some circumstances that bear out this theory. The girl's bicycle, when it was found, was leaning against a tree only a hundred feet or so from the bridge and the public road. The basket in front contained her school apron, her books, a package of lunch and a small bouquet of flowers. The officers argue that if the girl had been seized as she was riding that these articles would have been thrown from the basket, and the wheel would probably have been dragged away and thrown out of sight. * * * " A handkerchief was found nearby. It did not belong to the girl. Yesterday the sheriff found a white coat, such as barbers or waiters wear. It was some distance away and bore no bloodstains. No Negro, it is argued, would have such a coat. Few Negroes of the class to which the two suspects who are in custody belong ever carry a white handkerchief. * * *" TH E CRISIS The "white man" theory of the detectives gained such strength that Chief Couch obtained legal permission to disinter the body of the victim in order to photograph the eyes of the dead girl in hope that the last object her eyes rested upon was the murderer and that his image would be revealed. Publicity of the order for this gruesome operation and the reasons for granting it were published in full in the "Memphis Press" of Monday morning, May 7. The following excerpts are from that account: "If the film of death is not too strong over her eyes, Waggoner thinks he may be able to bring to light the features of the murderer. "One other hope holds out from the disinterment. The matter beneath the fingernails of the dead girl will be examined. One man has been located who was present when the body was found, who declares that she had tissue resembling white skin under her fingernails at the time her body was discovered. * * * "Indications, according to city detectives, point to the fact that Antoinette Rappal left the Macon Road voluntarily on the morning that she was murdered. * * * "The condition of the bicycle would point to the fact that the girl was not dragged from the embankment from her wheel, for the bicycle is not scratched, nor marked as though it had been dragged. Sleuths say it looks as though it had been placed carefully against the clump of swamp willows where it was found. "Certainly no white girl would permit a Negro to lure her into such a place, the detectives reason. A white man, known to her, would excite no such suspicion in her mind. "They are backed in their white man the ory by Dr. Lee A. Stone, resigned head of the Associated Charities, and local practic ing physician. Dr. Stone claims that the deed unquestionably is the crime of a white man. He terms the man a necrophilia—one whose object would first be the death of his victim. He also states that in medical his tory certain abnormal men have been found who first kill their victims. Such cases are quite numerous in criminal annals, Dr. Stone says. " 'It is practically a certainty,' Dr. Stone said, 'that this terrible crime has been com mitted by a white man.' " On Sunday, May 6, Ell Person and George Knox, two Negro woodchoppers, were arrested on suspicion. The clue leading to Person's arrest is stated in the following-paragraph clipped from the Memphis "Scimitar" of "A n ax, bearing suspicious stains, which deputies found at the home of El l Person, a Negro living a half mile from the scene of the murder, was turned over to City Chemist Mantell for examination by Sheriff Tate, Monday. He will endeavor to ascertain if the stains were made by human blood. Person is locked up in jail." On Tuesday morning the Memphis papers announced that Ell Person had confessed to being the slayer of Antoinette Rappal. Person, with other suspects, had been in the sheriff's custody twice before, and twice had convinced the officers that he knew nothing of the crime. But the girl's uncle, William Wilfong, was not satisfied. After Person's second release, Wilfong and his brother-inlaw, Gus Hanky, themselves seized Person and turned him over again to the sheriff. How Wilfong had his suspicion against Person aroused and how he came to be convinced of his guilt is thus related in the "Memphis Press": "E. J. Brooks, of Berkeley, Tenn., is the first man to accuse El l T. Person of being the ax murderer. "This morning Brooks told, in simple, but dramatic, language, the story of how he was led to accuse Person. " 'This Negro was working for me last February, and had been for eight months,' said Brooks. " 'One morning, early in February, he was busy churning, and my wife was in the same room with him. Al l of a sudden he quit churning, sprang up, and began staring wildly at Mrs. Brooks. Lie was in a quiver all over. " 'I had a dream about you last night,' he said, and as he spoke he made like he wanted to lunge at my wife. She ran away in a terrific fright, and told me how the Negro had acted. " 'My first impulse was to put a hole in the fiend, but rather than cause any trouble, I fired the Negro, and ordered him to stay away from my house. I wish now I had killed him. " 'I have seen him off and on in the neighborhood several times since, working as a wood chopper. " 'When I first heard the news of An N. A. A. toinette Rappal being murdered, I took the matter up with Sheriff Tate, and he ordered the black man arrested, but soon released him. " 'Then it was that I took the matter in my own hands and determined to prove that was right. Sailors, at Binghamton, joined me, and we spent sleepless nights since last Thursday, on the trail of that Negro. " 'We traced him to the bridge near where the crime was committed until 6 o'clock Monday morning. Then we lost trace of him until 8:30, when we found that he had applied at the home of J. G. Moffet, near Berkeley, for work. " "This went to prove that we were on the trail of the right man. Then next we went after some clue as to his clothes. " 'Sailors hired a Negro to scout around Person's house, and see what he could pick up. " 'At midnight, Sunday, while exploring the premises of the murderer's house, Sailors'shoes under a stack of cornstalks. " 'He also discovered a pair of trousers in Person's house which had been washed. They bore the unmistakable signs of blood stains near the bottom. " 'We gave the shoes and the trousers to the sheriff, Monday morning,' continued Brooks, 'and he arrested the Negro again. This, of course, completed the evidence needed to mark Person as the guilty The alleged confession of El l Person was obtained by "third degree" methods. How these methods were used on Person was thus told in the "Memphis Press": " 'THERE'S BLOOD ON YOUR SHOES.' "The sheriff, with Brunner and Hoyle, past masters in the art of the third degree, coaxed, cajoled, beat, whipped, threatened, pleaded with the Negro to no avail. "But finally, at the psychological moment, when the black man's resistance was worn to the breaking point, Detective Hoyle point ed suddenly to the Negro's shoes. "'There's blood on your shoes now!' he said, sharply, accusingly. "Person faltered. He looked down. True enough, spots were on his shoes. Before he had time to gather his scattered wits, Sheriff Tate and Detective Brunner seized the clue. " 'The city chemist can tell if it is human blood,' said Tate. 'Take off those shoes.' 187 C. P. "Person complied. Tate and Brunner left the third degree room, taking the shoes with them. Hoyle remained with the prisoner. "About an hour later Tate and Brunner returned. Hoyle had refrained from questioning Person. " 'It's human blood,' Tate said dramatically, as he entered the room. "Person's eyes widened. He shuffled lower in his chair. He gazed down at the floor. Then he half whispered the words that cleared the most atrocious murder mystery in the history of this county. " 'I DID IT; I KILLED HER!' were Person's words." In the same issue of the same paper there appeared on the front page, printed in heavy-faced type, the following paragraph: No Blood Is on Clothes and Ax. "City Chemist Mantell reported this afternoon that he had failed to find any blood on the trousers, shoes or ax of Ell Person, confessed Negro found a blood-stained of Antoinette of murderer pair Rappal." The alleged confession of Person was announced in the morning papers of Tuesday, May 8. In the "Scimitar" of Tuesday afternoon, May 8, there appeared the following paragraphs relative to the results obtained after the disinterment of Antoinette Rappal's body: "Under the direction of Chief of Detectives Couch expert of the police department, photographed the pupils of the murdered girl's Negro.' " eyes, in hope of obtaining an image of the murderer on the retina. "A n examination of the photograph under high power lenses reveals the image of an object that appears to be the upper part of a man's head. The forehead and hair seem to be plainly visible, but the features are indistinct. Police say that the image is a likeness of Person." The grand jury of Shelby County imme diately indicted Person on the charge of murder in the first degree. It was remarked that an indictment for criminal assault was not returned. The following published statement of the Attorney-General regarding the methods by which the alleged confession was obtained is worthy of attention. How the mob and a crowd who came to look on waited all Monday afternoon and through the storm at night until the pris oner was brought in Tuesday morning was graphically told by Ralph Roddy, a reporter 188 THE on the "Memphis Press," in a long, special article headed, "36 Hours With the Mob, or, How the Press Told it First." Roddy went out early Monday afternoon to "cover" the event for his paper. In his article he relates how the crowd waited and continued to grow; how the women sang ragtime and popular songs, but, as the sharp lightning flashed across the sky and the storm gathered, they changed to Since Roddy was an eye witness, it is well to quote his exact words on the "last confession" made by Ell Person: "Under pressure he was asked if anyone else was connected with the killing of the girl. The Negro hesitated, but with much leading on the part of the mob leaders, accused Dewitt Ford, Negro deaf-mute, and Dan Armstrong, Negro wood chopper, of being accomplices in the crime. "Dummy" Ford and Armstrong were both run down and captured, and the crowd expected another and a double burning, but the men were released. Several of the papers made editorial comment on theing these two prospective victims after they were in their power. Edward T. Leach, another special writer on the "Memphis Press" and an eye-witness, gives the following version of Person's "last confession": "Then came word that the Negro wanted to make a confession and the crowd surged away from the tree with the rope and back to the road. * * * "Sailors stood up in the car and beside him stood the Negro. The murderer was calm, but his eyes rolled white, for the crowd screamed when it saw him. "Leaders tried to get silence and finally they succeeded. " 'Person has a statement to make,' shouted Sailors. But the Negro could not speak and the marshal spoke for him. " 'Person says that "Dummy" and Armstrong were in it with him,' said Sailors. 'He says that Armstrong framed it up and that "Dummy" was in it, too. He says Armstrong hit the girl first and that he CRISIS grave doubt as to El l Person's guilt. Al l the facts furnish a doubt so strong that the most humane form of lynching could not be looked upon as excusable. First of all, the crime itself did not bear the earmarks of a "Negro" crime. Negroes guilty of the most lustful crimes are known never to mutilate their victims. Not only was Antoinette's head severed, but I learned one Thee." "Nearer that My God to of her breasts had been cut off and other abuses performed on her body. This was not a crime of primitive lust, but of over-civilized degeneracy. Again, Ell Person was a man near fifty years of age. He was never legally accused of assaulting Antoinette Rappal; the report of his alleged confession did not include as sault; he was not indicted for assault. He was reported to have confessed to murder, and he was indicted for murder alone. Who, then, committed the assault, or, according to the theory of the detectives, the double assault upon the Rappal girl? Again, none of the tangible clues, the handkerchief, the white vest, the fresh ausaneness and forbearance in this of the spot  releas tomobile tracks found mob in desolate were followed up; the theory of the city detectives was ignored and their efforts to solve the mystery hampered; the sheriff showed decided hostility to any other idea than that the crime had been committed by a Negro. Out on the Macon Road is the spot where Ell Person was burned. It is in the bottom lands of the Wolfe River, about fifteen miles from the heart of Memphis. A long wooden bridge with iron railings stretches across the stream and the lowlands. The spot is down in a hollow twenty feet, perhaps, be low the level of the road, and on the left side and at the near end of the bridge as approached from the city. For a wide space around, the trees had been felled to give the view to a larger crowd. Al l the para phernalia of the unspeakable orgy were still there; the log of a great tree placed on the ground; an iron rail taken from the bridge and driven down with its base supported by the log, its top supported by a long piece of timber bracing it from the back and by wires which had been strung around it and fastened to the log. A t the base of this iron rail to which El l Person had been It is not possible for anyone to read with (Person) cut her head off. He says "Dummy" was in it as much as they were.' " chained the earth was still black and' a fair mind the history of this terrible charred; at its top, placed there to mark the crime from its beginning without feeling spot, there floated an American flag. Men of the Month AN ARCHDEACON AND EDUCATOR. ARCHDEACON JAMES S. RUSSELL was born four years before the Civil War in Mecklenburg County, Va. After an arduous childhood the chance came for him to go to Hampton, thence to the Branch of the Theological Seminary of Virginia at Petersburg, which has since been incorporated as the Bishop Payne Divinity School. Here he prepared for the ministry and was ordained as deacon in March, 1882. He was assigned to missionary work in Brunswick and Mecklenburg Counties, with headquarters at Lawrenceville. His career at Lawrenceville which has already lasted for 28 years has been one of unceasing helpfulness. First he built a little church, then started a parish school in the vestry-room. This was the nucleus of the Normal School which he manages today, and which comprises over thirty large and small buildings, besides the splendid new Memorial Chapel, over 500 scholars from twenty odd States of the Union, Cuba, Porto Rico, Haiti, and even far off Africa; twenty-three trade and literary departments, 1,600 acres of land, forty-five teachers and instructors, over 500 graduates and over 4,000 undergraduates. Archdeacon Russell's worth is well recognized. The Board of Trustees of the Protestant Episcopal Theological Seminary, and High School at Alexandria, Va., recently conferred upon him the honorary degree of Doctor of Divinity. He was also elected to the Suffragan Bishopric of the Diocese of Arkansas. But this, he refused, deeming it best to remain Archdeacon of Southern Virginia and principal of St. Paul's School. AN ALUMNUS OF OBERLIN. MR. ELIAS TOUSSAINT JONES was born in Raleigh, N . C , about 84 years ago and came to Oberlin with his father and five brothers and a sister. Until his death the father was engaged at the blacksmithing trade on South Main Street, near the home place. Three of the sons were remains now but one living male member, Professor George Frederick Wright of Oberlin, green the memory of their college days. After his graduation, Mr. Jones taught school at various places in Ohio, and then went to British Columbia, where he remained until about 24 years ago when he returned to Oberlin and married Mrs. Blanche Harris Brooks, who survives him. At one time he studied law, completing his course, but never entering actively into the practice of it. He was greatly interested in the work of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, and was a member of the same. His death, which took place on May 13, 1917, was felt severely by the community. A NEW ENGLAND SCHOLAR. ALONZO MESERVE was born February 21, mouth Co., Mass., and died at his home in Boston on December 11, 1916. He was a school teacher for more than half a century, and was one of the first principals of the high school of the city of Brockton. He received his early education in the public schools and began early in life to learn with his father the shoemaker's trade. After working for some years and continuing in the public schools, he taught one year in Hingham, Mass., and Alna, Maine. He took the regular course at the Bridge-water Normal School from which he was graduated. He was Principal Emeritus of the Bowdoin School of Boston at the time of his death. For twenty years he was active principal and a teacher for nearly forty years in Boston. He was a man of strong character and of the highest standards of integrity. For many years he was a deacon in the Allston Congregationalist Church of Boston, and was for a time president of the Schoolmasters' Club of himself to every worthy cause. At one time there were some fifteen nationalities represented in his school, and he took great pride in making out of his pupils grand types of American citizens. Two colored Elias in 1859. Of the class of 1859 there women were employed on his teaching among the early graduates of Oberlin College: John in 1856, William in 1857, and 189 THE CRISIS THE LATE W. P. HALL THE LATE A. MESERVE THE LATE E. T. JONES ARCHDEACON J. S. RUSSELL THE LATE DR. N. B. FORD REV. L. G. JORDAN DR. O. D. PORTER MEN OF THE MONTH 191 force and he was always pleased with their services. The wife of the late Mr. W. A. Hunton of the International Young Men's Christian Association, and the wife of Dr. Kenney, the school physician at Tuskegee Institute, were formerly his pupils in the Bowdoin School of Boston. About a year before his death he visited Shaw University where he gave several ad dresses to the teachers and students. He was very deeply interested in the progress of the colored race and was gratified by his last visit to Shaw to see the splendid ad vance that had been made during a genera tion of freedom. A SURGEON. THE community of Springfield, 111., feels a serious loss in the recent death of Dr. Noel Bertram Ford, son of Major and Mrs. G. W. Ford. This eminently useful and successful citizen and surgeon was born in Beaufort, S. C , December, 1881. He was educated in the public schools of Fort Scott, Kansas, and was later, in April, 1906, graduated with the degree of M.D. from Meharry Medical College in Nashville, Tenn. Dr. Ford had always led a very active life. He engaged in hunting, was captain of the Varsity football team at Meharry, enlisted at sixteen in the 23d Kansas Volunteers and served one year with honor in Cuba. He was especially self-denying and unsparing of time and energy in his work as a physician. He died March 3, 1917, leaving a widow and one child. A SUCCESSFUL BUSINESS MAN. MR. WALTER P. HALL was born in Philadelphia, Pa., Aug. 18, 1849. He served in the War of the Rebellion from 1863 to its close. His civic career was one of exceptional interest and usefulness. For forty years he was an officer in Union A. M. E. Church and was at the time of his death the Superintendent of its Sunday School. In 1889, he organized the Pioneer Building and Loan Association, which has done a large volume of business without a reverse. Up to 1917 he had been its only president. He was president, too, of the Mercy Hospital. Mr. Hall was best known in Philadelphia through his position as one of the largest retail merchants in that city. He dealt in butter, eggs, poultry and game. His customers ranked from among the best and wealthiest people in the town. This in itself is a tribute to the high quality both of his goods and of his business integrity. He died Monday, May 17, 1917, leaving a large estate. A MISSIONARY SECRETARY. REV. L. G. JORDAN, D.D., corresponding secretary of the Foreign Mission Board, N. B. C. of U. S. A., has just returned from a trip to Liberia, West Coast Africa. His prime object was the dedication of the Bible Industrial Academy at Fortsville, Grand Bassa, West Coast Africa, where the Foreign Mission Board, N . B. C. has a station, but incidentally he was to touch all points on the West Coast where the Board had work. It was his good fortune to touch Dakar, Senegal, Freetown, Sierra Leone, as well as Monrovia, Liberia, on the Coast, along with a number of inland stations. He sailed January 13, 1917. To make the trip he traveled by sea 11,700 miles, by small boats 120 miles, by canoe 110 miles, on foot 98 miles. Dr. Jordan has been corresponding secretary of the Mission Board, which he now serves, for 21 years. It is gratifying to note that HisExcellency ferred upon Dr. Jordan the title of Knight Commander of the Humane Order ofAfricanRedemption A SUCCESSFUL PHYSICIAN. ONE of the most influential andsuccessful Dr. O. D. Porter. Dr. Porter was born in Bowling Green and received his early education there. In 1884 he entered Fisk University, where he received his degree of Bachelor of Arts in 1891. Then he went to Meharry Medical College from which he was graduated three years later. He returned to Bowling Green, passed the medical examination and began his practice as a physician. Dr. Porter owns his two-story brick residence and very valuable property next to the new $150,000 Custom House on Main Street. He attributes much of his success to his wife who is a woman on the alert to relieve him of such duties as would take him from his practise or business. The Horizon CARL theMusic,number MUSIC AND ART DITON, pianist, and director of  Talladega College Conservatory of  Talladega, Ala., has been giving a  of piano recitals in the East. On June (1 he presented a program before an appreciative and enthusiastic audience, in cluding: Prelude in G minor,Rachmaninoff ;Scherzo in B minor, Berceuse and du Soir and Die Wilde Jagd, Liszt, and Overture to Tannhauser, Wagner-Liszt. He also gave an organ piece of his own composition, a transcription of "Sometimes I Feel Like a Motherless Child." 0 The annual concert of the Y. W. C. A. Glee Club, under the direction of Mrs. Daisy Tapley, was given at Memorial Hall in Brooklyn, N. Y., on the evening of June 21st, before an audience, unusual both in numbers and in appreciation. The Glee Club consisted of eighteen voices and gave a pleasing rendition of Nevin's "Venezia" as part one of the program. In part two, the audience enjoyed what was possibly the most serious and the most artistic musical performance ever presented by Orange, N . J., on Sunday, July 15th, the a quartet of Negro vocalists. Liza Lehman's "In a Persian Garden," the words of which are taken from "The Rubaiyat" of Omar Khayyam, was sung by the following artists of note: Miss Minnie Brown, soprano; Mrs. Daisy Tapley, contralto; Mr. Roland W. Hayes, tenor; Mr. Henry T. Burleigh, bass. Mr. Melville Charlton, the accompanist, gave sympathetic and artistic support to the singers and shared with them the hearty applause of the very appreciative audience. G A piano recital was given by the pupils of R. Augustus Lawson, in Unity Hall, Hartford, Conn. The program was presented by Towena Poole, Vincent G. Scully, Jr., and Mattie Maislen. G The Asylum Hill Church Choir, Edward F. Laubin, director, gave a concert on May particular mention. The pupils of Miss Georgine Glover presented a long program before a large audience at Court Hall on June 29. Mrs. Clarence C. White presented piano pupils at St. Mark's Church on June 20, while a violin recital was given June 28, by pupils studying with Mr. Clarence C. White. G "Six Little Pieces," written for piano and violin by Clarence C. White, violinist, are spoken of very highly in The Violinist, a Chicago publication. The group includes No. 1, Love song; 2, Barcarolle; 3,Dance. C Oscar Seagle, the American tenor, who makes a specialty of singing Afro-American folk-songs, gave his annual program for the choir boys of the Cathedral of St. John the Divine, New York City, near the close of the season. His numbers included Will Marion Cook's " A Negro Sermon," and a group of Negro spirituals arranged by H . T. Burleigh. 0 A t the Church of the Epiphany, of choir of the church, composed of twenty boys and five men, had the assistance of Mr. Roland W. Hayes, tenor. The musical numbers included "LovelyMartin, and "How Lovely is Thy Dwelling Place" by Brahms. Mr. Hayes also sang in solo. Augustus Granville Dill is the organist and choirmaster of this church. (1 Coleridge-Taylor's " A Tale of Old Japan" which was given by the Choral Union of West London at Queen's Hall on May 12 was repeated on June 9, for the benefit of the National Union of Teachers' War Aid Funds. 0 Madame Ruth Perry-Shaw, soprano, gave a recital at Bethel A. M. E. Church inof the church under Dr. Ernest Johnson. G A head of a child, modeled by Mrs. May Howard Jackson of Washington, D. C , has been placed on exhibition in the Corcoran Melodie; Appear" fromGounod's Detroit, 8, at Unity Hall, Hartford, Conn.Coleridge-Taylor's "Hiawatha's Wedding Feast" Gallery of Ar t in Washington. was heard on the first part of the proMr. Roland W. Hayes, tenor, Mr. H. gram. aid Jeter, 'cellist, and the Martin-Mason Trio appeared in concert at Manhattan Casino in C Three pupils' recitals given in Boston, Mass., during the month of June, deserve 192 THE HORIZON 	193 EDUCATION 	ent of public schools in Des Moines, Mr. Thornburg. DR. JAME S H . DILLAR D has beenelected president of the Slater Fund fo the promotion of Negro education, to suc(I The Colman School playground in Chicago, ceed William A. Slater, son of the founder, Brumlield, a colored instructor, has been who has resigned because of ill health, put in charge. A n investigation of fifty years of edu (I William Burghardt Piper, representing cational effort among Negroes	 in the South the fourth generation from Thomas Burghardt, the grea has been completed by the Federal Bureau of the CRISIS, graduated in June from of Education. Searles High School at Great Barrington, C The Board of Education in Birmingham, Mass. Ala., will erect three schools for white children. It is still "considering" congestion C Thirty-six colored applicants in Baltiin colored schools. more, Md., passed the examination and are C The Baptists of the United States have eligible for appointment as teachers. purchased Bascobel College, Nashville, East Broad Street School in Savannah, Tenn., to be used as a National Theological Ga., was winner in the annual school races. Seminary. Four thousand people attended. C Wilberforce has established a new Board C_ Pearl High School, Nashville, Tenn., of Trustees of twenty-one members, which graduated forty-two students. greatly reduces the present number. Mr. William E. Daily was the only Negro to George F. David has been elected principal graduate from the Trinidad, Colo., High of the academic department. The UniversitySchool, in been class bequeathed seventy,  $1,500 by the has a of	 late John A . Green of New York City. Tawawa (i Morris A . Taylor has received the Bachelor Hospital has had its dedication	 at which Dr. Daniel H . Williams of Chicago delivered the address. 	C The Atchison, Kan., High School grad uated five Negroes. A . Pyles	 received "A " C The Hon. W. P. Stafford of the District for excellence in track work. Supreme Court and Bishop John Hurst of C B. A . Blanchi received first honors at Baltimore, Md., have been elected members Avery Normal Institute, Charleston, S. C. of the Board of Trustees of Howard University. His average was over 90 per cent for his four years' work. C Dr. J. H. Garnett has been elected presi C Miss C. M . Casey graduated from Lincoln dent of the State University	 of Kentucky, first in her class. succeeding Dr. W. T. Amiger who has re signed. C Miss S. R. Moore graduated from Storer College, Harper's Ferry, W. Va., and won CT The National Training School for Women and Girls, in the District of Columbia the prize scholarship to Bates College, Lewiston, Me. has bought the Chapman property and plans B. Moore of Howard University. are being made to transform it for institu C Miss Garnett McGhee passed the State tional work. This gives the school four city Board Nurse examination in Chicago, 111., blocks with seven buildings. with an average of 90 per cent. (I The Legislature of Jackson, Miss., has (i Eight of Meharry's graduates passed the authorized Governor Bilbo to	 erect a new State Board of Medical Examiners in Geor building at Alcorn A . and M . College to gia and three passed the Arkansas Board. cost $15,000. C In Chicago, 111., Miss Dorothy Hill and (I The 37th annual session of the North Eugene Sheppard were placed on the honor Carolina Teachers' Association, held at the roll of the Hyde Park High School. Miss National Training School in Durham, in Nannie Huggins and Mr. Moulton also June, elected Dr. Calvin S. Brown president graduated. for the ensuing year. d Miss Adah Hyde has been appointed diQ A t the annual junior oratorical contest rector of the children's playground at Ninth of the Pennsylvania State College, Joseph and Park Streets, Des Moines, Iowa. The L. Johnson, of Philadelphia, was awarded appointment was made by the superintendsecond prize. TH E CRISIS C Miss Nettie A. Cantrell is the first colored person to graduate from the West Aurora, 111., High School in fifty years. C Miss Leonora Adena Minott graduated from the Douglass School in Chicago, 111. She led her class all term and finished with the highest honors. G Miss Olga A. Wilson graduated from the high school in St. Paul, Minn., with honors. She will enter the University of Minnesota in September. G Six colored students were among the graduates of the College of Dental and Oral Surgery of New York. G William C. Bumry graduated from the Allegheny, Pa., High School. In his sophomore year he was awarded the official "A " in swimming and in his senior year he played on the football team, receiving another letter. C Miss D. E. Tandy graduated from the Wait High School, Toledo, Ohio. Her story, "Hate," won first prize in the story contest of the school's official organ. She was a member of the Cercle Francais and first violinist in the school orchestra. She was awarded a medal for good scholarship. 0 Cuyler Street School, Savannah, Ga., graduated eighty-eight students. (1 Allen University, Columbia, S. C., graduated 4 students in theology, 3 receiving the Bachelor of Divinity degree; 5 men and 1 woman from the college department with the Bachelor of Arts degree, 31 men and 39 women from the normal department, sewing 3, printing 1. General Leonard Wood addressed the body. He was accompanied by Gov. Manning and Adjt.- Gen. Moore and his staff. (1 Eugene F. Minor has graduated from the University of Oregon Law School. Ala., passed the dental board examination at Birmingham. She is the only colored woman in Alabama with a license. (J Joshua Smith was awarded the bronze medal in the New Jersey State stenographic contest. G John W. Freeman of Washington, D. C, won the $100 scholarship this year in the junior class at the P. E. Divinity School in Philadelphia, Pa. C J. Harvey Hebron has received a teacher's diploma from the Hahn Conservatory of Music in Philadelphia, Pa. He wrote a sonata for violin and piano in four complete movements as his graduating composition. C There were eleven colored graduates from Ohio State University. The Misses I. J. Patterson and M . Reynolds received the Bachelor's degree in Arts. MEETINGS THE National Association of Colored Nurses will convene in Louisville, Ky., August 21-23. Dr. Dan Williams will deliver a special address. G Because of the recent lynching in Memphis, Association has changed its place of meeting to Philadelphia, Pa., August 28-30. C The Grand Lodge, I. B. P. Order of Elks of the World will hold their 18th annual convention in Cleveland, Ohio, August 26-30. fl The Masonic Grand Lodge of the State of Ohio will meet in Cincinnati, August 12 17. G The 18th annual session of the National Negro Business League will be held in Chattanooga, (1 The 19th biennial session of the Supreme Lodge Knights of Pythias will convene in St. Louis, Mo., the week of August 19. (] In Connellsville, Pa., Miss Pauline Phillips, a colored high school student, was chos G The Alabama Knights of Pythias will en valedictorian out of a class of eighty. G The Cardoza Vocational School in Washington, D. G , graduated 4 students in brick-masonry; 5 in printing; 6 in automobile repairing and operating; 1 in carpentry; 2 in plastering. The 0 Street Vocational School had the following graduates: In plain sew ing 5; advanced dressmaking1 ; practical cooking 1. C The Misses Lydia M . Scott E. Woods graduated from thesion High School, Milwaukee,high averages. G Miss Alice M . Watkins of 3; millinery and Sarah  West Divi Wis., with Montgomery, hold their annual grand lodge in Birmingham, Augus G The Mississippi Centennial Exposition has been postponed to begin February 22, 1919, because of existing war conditions. The work of the Negro Department has been so well done that the ExecutiveCommittee G A memorial to Paul Laurence Dunbar was held July 1 at the Presbyterian Church in Chicago, 111. Richard T. Greener delivered an address. G A memorial meeting in honor of the late Senator Foraker has been held in Cin THE HORIZON cinnati, Ohio, under the auspices of the cola recent meeting decided to make the birthored societies of the city. day anniversary of Frederick Douglass a C Twenty white Southern social workers public holiday. met in an informal conference on racial co(1 Mrs. R. I). Aggrev of Livingstone College operation with a group of representative won the prize for the best original alma colored social workers during the National mater poem for Shaw University. Conference of Charities and Correction in (I Attorney Rufus L. Perry, in Brooklyn, Pittsburgh. N. Y., has been made a member of the G A t the 13th annual convention of the Societe Academique d'Histoirc Internationale. New England League for Afro-American Suffrage, held in Roxbury, Mass., William (I Howard P. Drew has been credited sevMonroe Trotter was elected president. enteen times with running 100 yards in G Mrs. A . W. Hunton represented the Na9 4-5 seconds. tional Association of Colored Women at the G A fellowship in the American College of meeting of the Women's Committee of the Physicians has been conferred on Dr. Algernon Council of National Defense held in Hotel Hospital, Philadelphia, Pa., for his original Astor, New York City, June 28. work on rheumatism. C The 14th annual convention of the Colored Women's Clubs of Colorado met in C Harold Murray, son of Daniel Murray June at Pueblo. Mrs. Gertie N . Ross was of Washington, D. C , has entered the servunanirhously elected president. ice of the Havana Marine Company at a C The Negro Embalmers and FuneralDirectors'of per Association held a successfu salary $175 month. vention in Texarkana, Ark., and elected G Major R. R. Jackson introduced a second H . M . Thomas of Pine Bluff, president. bill in the Illinois Legislature aimed against C The State Federation of ColoredWomen'sphoto-plays the Clubs inof KansasNation." a like "Birth a held two sion at Hutchinson in June, and elected It passed the House of Representatives by Mrs. W. W. Shobe, president. a vote of 81-3, and the Senate, 39-0. C The State Pioneer and HistoricalSocietyAt least colored ban hel its 43dbe annual meetin C one will hired Senate Chamber at Lansing, Mich. One this summer in the parks in St. Louis, Mo. subject discussed was " A Michigan Celebrity of Slavery Days, Sojourner Truth," by Heretofore only white bands have been used. Mrs. N . S. Lane, a colored school teacher. C The City of Selma, Ala., has built an C The South Carolina Federation ofexcretorWomen's one held its yardsseventh the Colored withinClubs hundred of annual session at Charleston. girls' domitory of Payne Seminary. G The Negro Medical, Dental andPharmaceuticalAssociation of Arkansas met at C Negroes in Savannah, Ga., are protesting Pine Bluff in June. A. A. Womack ofagainstLittle removal the first tender the Rock, wasof electedwhite president. C A meeting in the interest of Red Cross loin district into the colored neighborhood. work was held by colored and white citiC Prof. J, D. M. Russell, principal of the zens in Mobile, Ala. Ten thousand persons high school at Richmond, Ky., has been apattended. pointed postmaster at Wilberforce, Ohio. The position pays $1,800 a year. G At the first American Big Brother and Big Sister Conference held during May in Grand Rapids, Mich., Charles C. Allison, Jr., of the National League on UrbanConditions represented the Negro race. Mr. Allison has been appointed probation officer for the SOCIAL PROGRESS New York City Parole Commission, as a JAMES A. RIVERS, a colored man, result of a competitive Civil Service examserved as interpreter for New York ination in which 574 men participated. He State at the military census. was placed eighth on the list. G The Rev. Archibald Carey and Charles (I The 200 Cape Verde .Negroes detained at the Boston Immigration Station because Board in Illinois. In Massachusetts, BenB. Travis were named on the Exemption of illiteracy have been ordered deported by jamin Powell, Dr. Samuel E. Courtney and the Department of Labor. the Hon. William H . Lewis were named. G Miss Pauline Ernest has been appointed C The School Board of Baltimore, Md., at TH E CRISIS city nurse in the Bureau of Charities,Philadelphia, Pa. Missionary Department; N . B. Dodson, C A fibroid tumor, weighing 37 1/2 pounds, 37 inches in circumference, 14 inches in diameter and 11 inches high, was successfully removed from a female patient by Dr. A . H . Kenniebrew, a Negro, at his New Home Sanitarium in Jacksonville, 111. G Mrs. W. R. Donovan has been appointed policewoman in Minneapolis, Minn. hel G The colored women's clubs of Utah have formed a State Federation, with Mrs.dent. G Forty Negroes in Texas are receiving pensions as ex-Confederate soldiers. G Marshall Cochrane, a Negro at Saratoga Springs, N. Y., was winner of the $25 prize offered by Collyers Eye, a Chicago weekly devoted to sports and finance, out of 6,782 contestants. C Edward Copeland and Thomas Williams, two colored men in Suffolk, Va., rescued Mrs. Fred Vullock, a white woman and one of her three children, from drowning, in Smith's Creek. G Mrs. Herman Kinch, a colored woman, rescued from drowning a young white child at Rahway, N . J. G Alex Johnson, a colored man of Webster Groves, Mo., is demonstrator for the Pure Baptis Food Board, and will have charge of all their cooking schools in the future. G In the annual Metropolitan meet held under the auspices of the A. A. U., in New York City, the Alpha Physical Culture Club finished second and the St. Christopher Club daughte of St. Philip's Church finished fourth. G Irvin Pickett, Arthur Paris, and Clyde Ethridge were among prize winners at the annual Field Day of the Orange, N . J., public schools. C A new Masonic Temple has been dedi cated in Coatesville, Pa. Many people at tended the ceremony and Mayor Swing de livered an address. C Rev. Albert J. Scott, a colored pastor in Louisville, Boston, Mass., was chosen by Mayor Curley as chaplain of the Fourth of July celebra tion in Faneuil Hall. THE CHURCH. THE 43rd annual session of the New England Baptist Convention has met and elected Rev. W. Bishop Johnson,Washington, D. C, president; Mrs. E. B. Holland Providence, R. I., president of Women's president of Sunday School Convention. The convention raised $2,248.95 for Northern Baptist University at Rahway, N. J. C Abyssinian Baptist Church in New York City ended its fiscal year in May. Reports show that $25,174.53 was raised during this time. The Rev. A. Clayton Powell is pastor. G Seven thousand people attended the Sunday annual session of the Sunday School Congressin a street parade. Gertrude S. Lancaster, of Salt Lake, as presi G Union Baptist Church in Springfield, 111., has celebrated the thirtieth anniversary of the ordination of her pastor, Dr. S. C. Manuel. C St. James First African Church in Bal timore, Md., was consecrated in June by Bishop Murray, assisted by more than thir ty of the clergy. The rector, Rev. Dr. Bragg, was master of ceremonies. G Rev. George Frazier Miller has finished twenty-five years' service as rector of St. Augustine Church in Brooklyn, N . Y . PERSONAL. BISHOP JOHN HURST is at Freedmen's Hospital under the care of Dr. William T. Carr. G Miss Blanche Fletcher Powell, daughter of Rev. A . Clayton Powell, pastor of Abyssinianwas married to Clarence Doyle King on June 2 at Abyssinian. Fully 1,000 people were present. C The marriage of Miss Adelaide E . Waller,Springfield, Mass., to Dr. N . Lowe Burnett took place June 27. G On June 9, the marriage of Miss Ellen Retta Harris and Gale P. Hilyer took place in Montgomery, Ala. G The necrology for the month includes Harry W. Bass, the first colored member of the Legislature of Pennsylvania; William E. Sanderlin, an old and respected citizen of Denver, Colo.; Dr. J. C. Gilliard, of of Salisbury, N . C ; the Rev. M . V . Marable, pastor of Center Street Church in Charlotte, N . C , who built thirty Zion churches and was a Presiding Elder; and the Rev. W. J. Hackett, pastor of First Baptist Church, Covington, Va. THE HORIZON 	197 TRAINING AT THE FORT DES MOINES, IOWA, COLORED OFFICERS' CAMP FOREIGN. 	C Miss B. S. Carmichael, of Louisville, Ky., has been refused at the NationalKindergarten ENGLAN D has a special AfricanDistinguished Conduct Medal for gallantry thorities did not know she	 was "colored" on the field. The following	 have received when she wrote. awards: Sergt. George Williams and Corporal Maluka of the King's African Rifles; Private Mulandi Da Wonibi; Sergt. Helisi C Ex-Sheriff White of Jackson County, 111., Sempa, Uganda Police Service Battalion; who permitted an unlawful and brutal hangCompany Sergt.-Maj. Belo Akure, Nigeria ing at Murphysboro, a few years ago, has Regiment, West African Frontier Force. been appointed superintendent of theChester C Abbe Gabriel Sane, the first black Roman Catholic chaplain with the Colonial wa troops in France, has been killed at the front. GHETTO. EFFORTS to discriminate against the colored officers at the Fort Des Moines training camp will prove unsuccessful. Col. Ball says: "This is government business and there can be no refusal to serve these men." (L A proposed segregation ordinancebeen defeated by the City Council in C William Gibbs, a colored interne,been removed from the City Hospital in(I In Atlanta, Ga., after the recent fire, has Auditorium was rented by colored and white people as charity headquarters. The white sufferers objected to the colored sufferers going in the front entrance for supplies and the authorities made the colored people use an alley way intended for horses and wagons. k Muskogee, Okla. C The following lynchings have taken place since our last record:  has Indianapolis, Ind., because of his color. June 16, Holdenville, Okla.— Henry Conly, the CRIME. JOHN WYNN, a colored man, was killed on an Owenton-Ensley car line, near Tuxedo Junction, Birmingham, Ala., because he refused to have his rights ignored and be "Jim-Crowed." (J In Selma, Ala., a white policeman, J. E. Black, was imprisoned for one second and immediately released for the murder of Alex Posey, a Negro. C At Temple, Tex., June 29, Robert Jerfersonout provocation. He later died. hanged woman. June 21, Courtney, Tex.—Ben Harper, hanged; he was driving an automobile that ran down and killed a white girl. June 25, Galveston, Tex.—ChesterSawyer, woman. June 25, Punta Gorda, Fla.—Shep Trent, shot; attempt to attack a white woman. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER If You Are Permanently Disabled Completes Your Life- Line So that you cannot follow any gainful occupation and earn your own living, Standard Life Insurance Company will, under the provisions of its new policy contracts, carry your insurance in full force without the payment of another premium by you. No matter how long you live thereafter, whenever you die your beneficiary will receive the full amount due under the policy, just as if you had continued to pay the premiums. The Cash Surrender and Loan Values and Extended Insurance Values will increase from year to year in the same manner, and exactly as if the premiums were paid by the policyholder. In short, should the time ever come in your life when you arc completely and permanently disabled so that it is impossible for von to support yourself, you would not lose your insurance protection but it would go right on carrying an indefinite period of grace which would not end until you were completely recovered. Then you would not have to pay any back premiums but would merely take up from that date. The liberality of such a provision is very apparent to all and the usefulness of it can be easily imagined. OLD POLICYHOLDERS can have this new provision inserted in their protection by making application for one of these new policies in exchange for their old ones, and the change will not cost them a cent. We are desirous that old policyholders he given every opportunity to secure this additional feature: and upon application the Company will receive any old policy and issue in lieu thereof a contract of the same kind, age, rate, amount and date and containing the same splendid features of our present policies in addition to the Disability Benefit Clause. Write Us Today for Full Information Please send me particulars STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY about your Disability Benefit Clause HOME OFFICE ATLANTA, GA. Name Over $4,000,000.00 Insurance in Force Address City HEMAN E. PERRY, President I have a Policy with you. HARRY H. PACE, Sec-Treasurer Age Weight Height . Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS (Continued from page 162) Lincoln Institute Founded by Negro soldiers. Sup ported by the State of Missouri. For both men and women. Faculty of 3 4 from the best schools and colleges of the country. College Department, offer ing four years' course with degree Bachelor of Arts; Normal Department, offering two years' course preceded by four years of Standard High School work, and leading to the Degree Bach elor of Pedagogy. College preparatory course. Music, art, domestic science, elocution, agriculture, blacksmithing, machinery, electric engineering, car pentry, cabinet making, automobile re pairing and construction, sewing, art needlework, basketry, raffia, drawing and fine arts. Normal diploma is a life certificate to teach in the public schools of Missouri. One of the best schools in the country for students of limited means. Catalog on request. Benjamin Franklin Allen President Jefferson City, Missouri "In Free Kansas." WESTERN UNIVERSITY and STATE INDUSTRIAL DEPARTMENT QUINDARO, KANSAS Ideally located with city advantages and country surroundings. A good wholesome atmosphere for the growing students. Personal interest of teacher in student. Complete equipment to give best practical training. MILITARY DISCIPLINE. Departments: Normal, Commercial, Theological, Industrial, Music. TEEMS SEASONABLE. STRONG FACULTY. Write for Catalog. 22nd Annual Session opens Sept. 10, 1917, Dr. H. T. Sealing, President. GEORGIA STATE INDUSTRIAL COLLEGE Opens October 1 This institution gives Agricultural, Industrial, Normal and Collegiate Courses; the industries consist of Masonry, Wheelwrighting, Painting, Shoemaking, Blacksmithing, Tailoring, Carpentry, Laundering, Domestic Science, Sewing, Dairying, and Poultry raising; the Normal and Collegiate courses embrace the usual literary subjects. We give a full Commercial Course consisting of Stenography, Typewriting, Bookkeeping, Business English, etc. Students graduating from the Commercial Course will receive certificates. It is our purpose to add music this vear. Total cost will be $8.50. $7 for hoard and laundry, $1 for athletic fee. and $.50 for medicine. For catalog or other information address R. R. Wright, President, Industrial College, Ga. WALDEN COLLEGE Nashville, Tonn. A classical and industrial college of the first rank. OUR AIM Christian character, loyal citizenship and education for service. LITERARY COURSES College, normal, preparatory, musical, domestic science and art. Full commercial and business courses. A good library and reading room, a strong faculty, a beautiful campus, good board, expenses low, clean athletics. Graduates from the normal course receive State certificates without examination. School Opens September 27th Electric lights and furnace heat in all the buildings. The new Science Hall for recitation purposes has sixteen rooms, steam heat, electric lights and all modern conveniences. Come to Waldcn this fall and bring one student with you. For information write the President, E. A. WHITE STENOGRAPHERS WANTED Al l Races Prepare in the best school of its kind in the State Subjects Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping, English, Pen manship, Civil Service Training, and SPANISH . COMMERCIAL CLASS Lenox Community Center—at PUBLIC SCHOOL. 89 Lenox Avenue and 136th St., New York City. Open All Year—Four Evenings Weekly. Fitz W. Mottley, President. MME . BRIDGES' SCHOOL OF French Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring and Millinery. Bridges System. Special Courses in Designing, Copying, Draping, Making, Trimming, Finishing, Cutting and Fitting. Special reduction in tuition given to students en tering in groups of three or more or to one student taking two or more consecutive courses. Individual Instruction, A Bridges Diploma means something to you. Dormitory for students. 4221 Oakenwald Ave. Chicago, 111. THE STENOGRAPHERS* INSTITUTE Fall Term opens October 1, 1917. Shorthand, typewriting, bookkeeping, business correspondence, business law, multigraphing, mimeographing, arithmetic, grammar, spelling, reading and writing. Apt students operate typewriters blindfolded accurately in two months and are able to pass Civil Service Examinations with ease in eight months. EDWARD T. DUNCAN, President, 1227 S. 17th St., Philadelphia, Pa. ROLAND W. HAYES, Tenor Recitals Concert'* Oratorio Opera "A n unusually good voice. The natural quality is beautiful. It is a luscious yet manly voice. Mr. Hayes sings freely and with good taste."—Philip Hale, in the Boston Herald. A voice of unusual sweetness and calibre.' —Chattanooga Times. Addressi 3 WARWICK ST., BOSTON. MASS. Mention TH E CRISIS 200 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER A Cheyney graduate wishes a posi MORGAN COLLEGE AND BRANCHES tion teaching grade work or domestic John 0. Spencer, President MORGAN COLLEGE, Baltimore. Md. LOCATION: Central, in great college town between North science. Address O. R., in care of the and South. COURSES: Preparatory, normal, music, advanced educaCRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York tion, collegiate,—appropriate degrees. INSTRUCTORS: College and university trained. Seven colleges and universities represented in faculty. City. DORMITORIES: For a limited number, furnished. TERMS: Very reasonable. DEAN : William Pickens, Llt.D. PRINCESS ANNE ACADEMY, Princess Anne, Md. (The Eastern Branch of the Maryland State College of Agriculture.) LOCATION: The famous Eastern Shore of Maryland. Somerset County. POPULAR STYLES FOR LADIES OR GENTLEMEN. lOO FOR SO CENTS OR 50 FOR 30 CENTS. NO COURSES: Preparatory, normal, industrial, domestic science, music. INSTRUCTORS: College and technically trained. DORMITORIES: Carefully supervised, furnished. TERMS: Free tuition: other expenses moderate. PRINCIPAL: Rev. Thomas H. Klah, A.M. SUMMER SCHOOL FOR TEACHERS: June 25th to August 3rd. VIRGINIA COLLEGIATE AND INDUSTRIAL INSTITUTION. Lynchburg. Va. LOCATION: On beautiful hill, suburbs of growing city. COURSES: Preparatory, normal, domestic science, gardening, music. INSTRUCTORS: College trained: carefully selected. DORMITORIES: Furnished; steam heat; accommodations for fifty girls: carefully supervised. TERMS: Within the reach of all. PRINCIPAL: Lee M. McCoy, A.M. ALL SCHOOLS OPEN SEPTEMBER 25. 1917. JUST THE PLACE FOR GIRLS A MODERN HOME -LIKE SCHOOL that offers the best PREPARATORY AND NORMAL TRAINING Together with thorough courses in Dressmaking, Millinery, Domestic Science, Beauty Culture, Business, Printing, Gardening, Public Speaking, Music, Social Service. A SCHOOL FOR THE DEVELOP MENT OF CHARACTER STRONG- FACULTY SPLENDID LIBRARY BEAUTIFUL CAMPUS Unusual opportunities for ambitions girls For Catalog Address Miss Nannie H . Burroughs, President NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL FOR WOMEN AND GIRLS Lincoln Heights, "Washington, D, C. The Colored Teachers' Bureau Will Help You Get A Better Paying Position. REGISTER NOW REASONABLE TERMS Services Free to School Officials. Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau Box 22, Wilberforce, 0. EXTRA CHARGE FOR ADDRESS. ALL ORDERS FILLED PROMPTLY. ATTRACTIVE PROPOSITION FOR AGENTS. WRITE FOR SAMPLES AND TERMS THE HOUSE OF CHOWNING INDIANAPOLIS. INDIANA INVESTIGATE • 'The Single Tax: What it \s.n-George Single I "The Single Tax and the Fanner."-Shearman I "The Single Tax and the Business man-Rushy I All three booklets &amp; The Public, the paper with the I Single Tax point of view. 10 weeks 25c. Tax. TH E PUBLI C 122 E. 37thSt. New York THE STANDARD TEACHERS' AGENCY, Est. 1897. 1011 New York Avenue, Washington, D. C. Situations Wanted—Domestic Science. Biology. Music, Academic work (College, Seminary. Graded School)—Graduates. TEACHERS A live agency furnishes the connecting medium in a business way between teachers and schools and relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting. We have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia. Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1408 New York Avenue Washington, D. C . HOTEL WASHINGTON First-class service for First-class people 3428 South Park Avenue, Chicago, III. $4 OO PANTS Bgfu™ Not $1.00, not even 50c, not one cent cost to you under our easy conditions. No extra charges for extra big1, extreme peg- tops, fancy belt loops, pearl buttons, no extra charge for anything, all free. Before you take another order, before you buy a suit or pants, get our samples and new offer. Write and say 'Send Me Your Offer" the big, new different tailoring deal. Costa nothing and no extra chorees. KNICKERBOCKER TAILORING CO. Dept. 569 Chicago, III, EXCELLENT OPPORTUNITY for Men and Women School of Mechanical Dentistry Complete in Eight Months. Night or Day. Write for Booklet, etc. A. O. BRANSON &amp; CO., 52 W. 135th St., New York City Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER A Christian Duty compels you to provide for your family and dependents. Then why not provide for a perpetual income during sickness and accidental injuries? Will you consider your duty properly discharged if you make provision only down to death, and leave the widow and those dear little orphans penniless after your death? It is the privilege of every man and a duty every man owes himself and family to carry sufficient insurance to provide the necessities of life during illness, and to pay off the expenses and the mortgage on the home after death. Why would a man provide well for his wife and children during his life and leave them beggars after his death? A good Insurance Company is next to the Church; a SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY policy is better than a bank account; you draw from the bank your deposit plus interest; you draw from SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY, not what you put in, but as long as you are sick and an undiminished death claim paid to the family after death. Some have put in $50.00 and drawn out $500.00. Why not act today? Tomorrow you may not be able to pass the examination for a good policy in a reliable Insurance Company. Southern Aid Society of Virginia, Inc. HOME OFFICE: 527 N. 2nd St., Richmond, Va. District offices and agencies in all the principal cities of the State. INSURES AGAINST SICKNESS, ACCIDENT AND DEATH. A. D. PRICE, President. THOS. M. CRUMP, Secretary. B. L. JORDAN, Asst. Secretary. Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER BOOKS BY PROMINENT NEGROES Issued by The Neale Publishing Company, New York, N. Y. The American Cavalryman. By HENRY F. DOWNING Mr. Downing perhaps has had a more varied career than any other living Negro from the Civil War to the war between the United States and Germany. He was the first colored man to represent the United States at a city of a white government, by appointment of President Cleveland. He introduced Coleridge-Taylor to the London Public. He persuaded Liberia to open its doors to foreign capital. Merely to recount his activities in public life of the past fifty years would take a volume. But his highest renown has been won as a man of letters, and this is a romance of Liberia—a romance of a very high order, written by the only man who could have written it. $1.60 by mail. Haiti: Her History and Her Detractors By J. N. LEGER M . Leger, formerly represented Haiti as Minister to the United States, and later represented Haiti as a member of the Peace Conference, at The Hague. In Europe as well as in America Jie is regarded as one of the ablest men of his race. Two editions: one in English and one in French. Illustrated. Each edition $3.20 by mail. The Facts of Reconstruction By JOHN R. LYNCH Major Lynch, an officer of the United States Army, lived through Reconstruction, and took a lively part therein. He served as a Member of Congress, later became Fourth Auditor of the Treasury, and by far the greater part of his adult life has been passed in public service. The late Sen. Hoar in his "Autobiography" referred to Major Lynch in high terms. Illustrated. Fourth thousand. $1.65 by mail. Redder Blood By WILLIAM M. ASHBY Prof. Ashby was recently graduated from Yale. This novel, his first book, is a valuable contribution to the literature of his race. $1.00 by mail. Ethiopia By CLAYTON ADAMS Mr. Adams writes of the Land of Promise in this powerful novel,—the adjective is used deliberately. The ancient Kingdom of Ethiopia has passed away, but its name still lives, not only as the proper appellation of the Negro race, but also figuratively, principally to designate the invisible kingdom of native Africans and their descendants. $1.00 by mail. Race Adjustment By KELLY MILLER Prof. Miller, Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences, Howard University, is easily in the first rank of Negro teachers, writers, orators, and leaders, and is so recognized on both sides of the Atlantic. This volume comprises his essays on the Negro in America that won for him fame as a man of letters when they were first published periodically. Third edition. $2.15 by mail. Out of the House of Bondage By KELLY MILLER This volume by Dean Miller contains the essays that he had written up to the time of its publication that were not included in his earlier volume, "Race Adjustment," and have been written since the earlier volume was published. Already the sale of this new volume has been, large. $1.65 by mail. Negro Culture in West Africa By GEORGE W. ELLIS Mr. Ellis was for eight years Secretary of the United States Legation in Liberia. Since his return to America, he has written extensively on the Negro and his problems, and has taken a prominent place among the leaders of his race. In many respects this latest book of his is the most important work on the Negro yet published,—the Negro in Africa. Illustrated. $2.15 by mail. Racial Adjustments in the Methodist Episcopal Church By JOHN H . REED The Rev. Dr. Reed. D.D., K.C., writes authoritatively on the subj ect matter of his book. Introduction by Adna B. Leonard, D.D., LL.D . $1.60 by mail. The Black Man's Burden By WILLIAM H . HOLTZCLAW Prof. Holtzclaw is the founder and the principal of the L'tica Normal and Industrial Institute for the Training of Colored Young Men and Young Women, already one of the largest educational institutions in the South. Introduction by the late Booker T. Washington. Third thousand. $1.00 by mail. Negro Tales By JOSEPH S. COTTER Prof. Cotter is the principal of one of the largest schools for Negroes in the South. Like Prof. Ashby and Mr. Adams, Prof. Cotter reveals Negro life in imaginative prose fiction,—a branch of literature to which Negro authors should give greater attention. $1.00 by mail. The Voice of Mizriam By JOHN WALTER PAISLEY Prof. Paisley, for many years n professor of English Literature, has assembled in this volume his own poems. The book deserves a place on the library shelf where Dunbar's fine poems are to be found. $1.25 by mail. The New Negro By WILLIAM PICKENS Dean Pickens, Dean of Morgan College, was graduated from Yale in the highest grade of his class. There he won the Phi Beta Kappa Key and the Ten Eyck Oration. In this book, the full title of which is "The New Negro; His Political, Civil, and Mental Status," he discusses with great force and clarity nearly all the pressing political problems that now confront his race. $1.60 by mail. The Key By JAMES S. STEMONS Mr. Stemons is the Field Secretary of the Joint Organization for Equalizing Industrial Opportunities and the League of Civic and Political Reform. He holds this work to be what its full title implies: "The Key; or. a Tangible Solution of the Negro Problem." Undoubtedly the work is a powerful study of the Negro and his problems. $1.00 by mail. Order through Avenue New York City THE NEALE PUBLISHING CO., 440 Fourth Avenue or THE CRISIS, 70 Fifth New York City Mention TH E cC THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 	203 Do You Want to Read a Live. Red Blooded Story with a Regular Punch in It? Then, do not fail to get "FROM SUPER MAN TO MAN" by J. A. Rogers. The most striking vindication of the Negro ever penned. Brilliant arguments backed by an Invincible array of the world's greatest thinkers—Shakespeare, Schopenhauer, Darwin, Huxley, Fnnn. Anti-Negro harangue-outangs overwhelmed with ridicule. The esse against Hie Negro laughed out of court, All in an easy, breezy style you'll enjoy. Prof. George B. Foster, University of Chicago: "A stirring story, faithful to truth and helpful to a better under standing and feeling." W. N. C. Curium. Esq., Librarian, Newberry Library, Chicago (In .1 letter to the author): "i shall place your booh In the permanent collection of tho Library where present day and future students of the history of your race will And It a most significant document." The Brooklyn Daily Eagle: "From Superman to Man is a vindication of the American Negro." Attorney Charles Scrutchin, Bemldjl, Minnesota: "A thoughtful, courageous hook." Hon. George w. Kills, K, c, v. it. G. S. (eight years Secretary of the U. 8. Legation to Liberia, author of "Negro Culture in West Africa," etc.): "From Superman to Man by J. A. Rogers Is a significant contribution to interracial Literature in more ways than one. Its breadth of• scholastic research, Its selection and concentration of matter are as amazing as us wealth of Information. The book is well written and the skillful management of materials shows not only the author's mastery of bis subject, but his knowledge of the technique of Uio literary art. in the program of the broadest, education of the races ami Uio promotion of social concord and co-operation ibis volume should bo in every library ami home of ibo country. In his absorbing story we see the souls of the while and darker worlds groping and BtrunKHnK toward the better day of peace and good understanding between the lines." We are trying to net the truth before the people and ask your support. Copies of this fearless book have been sent to over cue hundred leading thinkers; also to the leading anti-Negro authors and politicians. Please order today. SI.00 (cloth bound) By Mail $1.10 Additional Agents Wanted—Dept. "A," Hayes Book Store, 3G40 S. State St., Chicago. Ml. AGENTS WANTED per week made selling PROF. KELLY MILLER'S $18 TO $45. new PROGRESS OF COLORED PEOPLE. Teachers, students, male or female, ministers, widows, married women, anyone with spare time, can make $i per hour. A 5oo-page hook. Everybody buys, it's easy to sell. Write for terms and outfit at once; act today. AUSTIN JENKINS CO., 523 Ninth St. WASHINGTON, D. C. Atlanta University The Journal of Studies of the Negro History Negro Problems Published Quarterly 19 Monographs Sold Separate!. Address 100 Pages ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE Edited by CARTER G. WOODSON ATLANTA UNIVERSITY a ATLANTA. GA. THE JOURNAL OF NEGRO HISTORY is the official organ of the Association for the Study of Negro Life and History, which is The Curse of Race Prejudice now trying not to promote an isolated re By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. 	search into the history of the black race but to show how civilization has been influenced by contact with the people of color. This _ A n aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon champion of equal rights. Startling fact, and crushing publication aims to popularize the movement arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for to save and make available the scattered hisclear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Betorical materials bearing on the Negro. In longs in the library of every friend of social justice. it appear scholarly articles and valuable docuPrice 25 cents. Send order to ments giving information generally unknown. It is concerned with facta, not with opinions. JAMES F. MORTON, JR Subscription price, $1,00 per year. Foreign 211 West 138th Street -:• New York^ N. V. subscriptions, 25 cents extra. Single numbers, 26 cents; 30 cents by mall. Checks should be made payable to T H E JOURNAL OF NEGRO HISTORY and addressed to $25.00 PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties handling "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War" combined with "History of the Negro Race." CARTER G. WOODSON 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. 1216 You St., N. W. Washington, D. C. Address: E. A JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street	 NEW YORK LADIES WANTED Smart, ambitious, hustling women to enter business. Clear $15.00 to $25.00 per week. Easy—pleasant. I will show you how. Dr. Bell, 4709 S.tate St., Chicago, 111. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Mrs. M. Watson Rudd Red Rose Face Powder 	of the Made in all shades to suit your com Ideal Exclusive Parlors plexion; heals and beautifies. Price announces a Special Course in the 50c. Sample size 20c. Art of Beauty Culture during the summer months. Red Rose Cold Cream 	This course is planned with special reference to teachers and students contemplating a sum For dry faces. Price 50c and 25c. 	mer in New York City. As the size of _jhe class is limited prospective students should apply early. Address Mrs. M . Watson Rudd, 47 West 42d Street, New York. City. Red Rose Vanishing Cream For oily faces. Price 50c and 25c. Red Rose Beauty Cream For use at night; a real skin food Bend postal today for foil In-that cleanses, softens and preserves. formation how to fret YOUR new SUIT, MADE TO MEASURE, WITHOUT a penny'* cost. $30 to $40 WOULD NOT BUY a BETTER one. Simply WEAR IT, \ TELL your FRIENDS WHERE yon SOB it—I Price 75c and 50c. take their orders—and moke All made of the best materials. $10 to $15 a Day in your spare time. It Is dead easy—YOU never saw a nobbier FLORESSENCE MFG. CO., SUIT OR AMOR E BTUNNINFR pattern, cut ID very latest style. YOUR CHOICO OF GO FABRICS AND 32 styles. DROP ofl 239 West 63d St., New York City B. POSTAL CARD for heavy PATTERN BOOK. INSIDE INF ORMNTION ABOUT styles, EEL f-MCABARLRUR BLANKS, ETC. DON' T WAIT. W E PRENAV DELIVERY Char- J. R. WIGGINS, Manager. Mall Postal NOW American Woolen Mills Co. DSDL 851 Chicago Beauty for Women CLEAR, SMOOTH SKIN —PERFECT HAIR FREE 	FREE Famous Deluxe Beauty Book, illustrated and complete. Sent to you postpaid free of charge. Tells all about the Kashmir Way and describes the wonderful methods which hundreds of women are using to get A Kashmir Girl pretty skin and hair. You can do the same. 5 or 1o minutes a day caring for your	 skin and hair the Kashmir Wa y will bring wonderful results. Yo u Won't Know Yourself in a few days. WRITE TODAY DON'T SEND ANY MONE Y KASHMIR CHEMICAL CO., Dept. K 4709 State Street 	Chicago, 111. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 	205 // It Is For Your LodgeWE HAVE IT! We manufacture Lodge Regalia for every Fraternal Society. Cash or Installment Plan. Cheapest Badge House in theCount CENTRAL REGALIA CO. The Negro Regalia House. JOS. L.JONES. Pre*. N.	 E. Cor. 8th &amp;. Plum Cincinnati. Ohio The	 SLAUGHTER SYSTEM Introducing FREE STYLE BOOK HAIR *-* b To Colored Women We arc the Largest man LLYRA' S HAIR BEAUTIFIER ufacturers of Colored " men's II a I r. Our A Guaranteed Food Preparation tor latest book showthe Hair. Price 50 cents per box. ing new styles in hair dressing sent Agents "Wanted. System taught by Mail or at College. free. Every colored woman should have Mrs. E. Slaughter Gamble one. We se1 1 thousands of our 3001	 LAWTON AVENUE ST. LOUIS. MO. hair and toilet articles. Satisfaction guaranteed or money bock. We make the best solid Brass Combs, IF ANXIOUS with extra heavy bark, fully guaran T o	 improve your hair and general apteed. Send money order or stamps. pearance use Seeby's Quinade and MON-KT BACK TP NO T.SATISFACTORY. -S9c. postpaid. Quinasoap. Sold by druggists at 25c. each or sent direct on receipt of price. Fo r FRE E sample of Quinade and full particulars, write POSTPAID 89c. Hair nets, brushes, combs and toilet articles manufacturers' prices. SEEBY DRUG CO. 	Send two-rent stamp. Agents Wanted. Address as follows: HUMANIA HAIR COMPANY, Dept. C , New York City. 181-187 Park Row. Address Dept. 3. New York City. Hand Made Natural Human Hair Wigs Transformations, Switches, Puffs, Plaits, Bangs, Coronet Braids, that can be combed the same as your own hair. Human hair for sale by ounce or pound. Hair NETS. WE CARRY THE LARGEST STOCK IN ELECTRIC COMBS Hall Orders sent to any part of the U. S. or B. W. I. Send 2c for catalog. Mme. Baum's Hair Emporium, Inc., 486 Eighth Avenue, New York City Between 34th and 35th Streets Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Open July 1st Closed September 10th THE OCEAN HOUSE SEA ISLE CITY, N. J. This hotel is right on the ocean front. It has wide porches, large conservatory diningone lias a beautiful view of the seaand every room opens on the ocean.for July; room and hoard, $8.00 personally managed by Mrs. Lucy Lee, Elmhurst. L . I. Address after JuneHouse, Sea Isle City, X. J. room where  while dining,  Special rates week. Per 5 Plain St., 22nd. Ocean Central 104-W Telephones: I Main 61 HARRY E. DAVIS ATTORNEY-AT-LAW Nor m Public 1607 Williamson Building Cleveland, Obi* GEORGE A. DOUGLAS Counselor -at-Law 800 Broad Street. Globe Building, Rooms 603 and 604 Office 'Phone. 3297 Mulberry _ Residence 'Phone. 5277-M Market NEWARK , N. J . General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR -AT- LAW 1020 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH ATTORNEY-AT-LAW Offices: Suite 802 Sykes Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis Minn. Tel 54 W Tort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATTORNEY AMP COUNSELLOR -AT- LA W 34 School Street Boston, Mass Telephone Connection W. Aahbie Hawkins George W. P. McMechen This Suit FRE E To Introduce Our Nobby Clothes in Your Town It's the very finest suit you ever saw. $50 couldn't buy a better one, but you can get it free. It's made to your measure from the must beautiful cloth. Don't fail to get one of these Buits. You can earn it while you wear it and make $50 a Week by taking orders. Drop us a postal for latest sample outfit, select the style you want and the cloth. Let us prove oar Bronzing offer. We Bend everything free the same day your request ia received. Address Paragon Tailoring Co. Dent 851 Chicago £ ^j^^ OO Brings This s3suit Tailored to Your Measure on an offer so easy, BO liberal, BO wonderful, you can hardly believe it. The very latest 1918 style, a perfect fit, magnificent new design, delivered prepaid. Send no money now, not Jm one cent, just write us a letter or one cent, just write us a letternew A X postal and say,''Send me your orpostal and $3say,''Sendoffer"me your get  Ml' ' amazing suit andnewthe latest big set of cloth samples to pick from, a great book of all the brand new 1918 fashions shown in gorgeous colors all F"REE9 a tailoring offer so splendid, BO marvelous, it's hard to believe; greater and better than any tailoring offer you ever aw. How to get all your own clothes tree, how to make all your spending money in your extra spare time, how to become more important,influential and prosperous. Don't wait, don't put it off, write us your name and address now, today, this very minute. Address &lt;iw BANNER TAILORING CO., DEPT. 507 CHICAGO HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN ATTORNEYS -AT-LAW 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md . Telephone Central 3087 HARRY M. COOPER Druggists' Specialties Chemicals, Drugs and Pharmaceuticals Write for Quotations Room 612, 58 W. Washington St. CHICAGO, ILL DR. KAPLAN, Inc. OPTICIANS 531 Lenox Ave., New York AGENTS $60.WEEKLY Robinson Folding Bath Tub. Big seller. Costs little, no plumbing, little water. Weight 16 pounds, folds into small roll. Pull length baths, far better than tin tubs. Guaranteed 10 years. S10 a day easily made. W^te for free tub offer. ROBINSON CABINET MFS. C0.4294 f actories Bldg.. Toledo, OHIO PAINLESS treatment for CORNS. BUNIONS, INGROWN NAILS, and ALL other AILMENTS of the FEET. DR. WILLIAM J. CARTER CHIROPODIST Registered In the States of New York and New Jersey Telephone 1284 Audubon. 167 West 136th St.. New York City. WANTED Agents for TH E CRISIS, Dignified work 70 Fifth Avenue, New York Mention TH E CRISIS A New Book by Dr. Du Bois THE NEGRO By W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS, author of "Souls of Black Folk," ''Quest of the Silver Fleece," "Select Bibliography of the Negro American," etc. This is the authentic romance of the black man. It is a history of him at once scholarly, earnest and eloquent. H e is considered from the earliest times, and the thread of his fascinating story is followed in Africa, America, and wherever else it has appeared. T o look at the Negro against the background of his history is to see him in a light fairer than that in which most Americans have seen him. 256 Pages—3 Maps—Cloth Bound At the low price of 60 cents net—By mail 66 cents Dr. Du Bois's new book is the latest addition to a remarkable series of low-priced new books with which everybody should become acquainted. THE HOME UNIVERSITY LIBRARY 94 volume* now ready Published by HENRY HOLT &amp; COMPANY, 34 West 33d Street, New York Is made up of new book* by leading authorities. The editor* are Professors GILBERT MURRAY, H. A. L. FISHER, W. T. BREWSTER and J. ARTHUR THOMSON. Cloth bound, good paper, clear type, 256 pages per tfA _ • volume. Each complete and sold separately --OUC . liC L Postage extra " A growing wonder of enterprise and sound judgment. Each volume, entirely new, is furnished by an acknowledged expert; is brief enough and plain enough to be readable or even fascinating, scientific enough to be a condensed authority —and at the nominal price of 60 cents."—Hartford Courant. SOME SELECTED EARLIER VOLUMES: EVOLUTION By J. A. Thomson LATIN AMERICA By W. R. Shepherd THE FRENCH REVOLUTION VICTORIAN LITERATURE By Hilaire Belloc By G. K. Chesterton ROME By W. Warde Fowler GERMANY OF TODAY PROBLEMS OF PHILOSOPHY By Charles Tower By Bertrand Russell EURIPIDES AND HIS AGE NAPOLEON By H. A. L. Fisher By Gilbert Murray THE CIVIL WAR By F. L. Paxson UNEMPLOYMENT By A. C. Pigou Order through the publisher* or through The CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York Mention The Crisis THE CRISIS Book mar You can order through the CRISIS any book printed at the regular publisher's price. "The true University of these days is a collection of books."—Carlyle. A Selected List of Books These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. NATIVE LIFE IN SOUTH AFRICA. (Sol. J. Plaatje) $1.50 HAZEL. (Mary White Ovington) '. 1.00 THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF AN EX-COLORED MAN. (Anonymous). 1.20 NORRIS WRIGHT CuNEY. (Maud Cuney Hare) 1.50 THE LIFE AND TIMES OF BOOKER T. WASHINGTON; (B. F. Riley). 1.50 A NARRATIVE OF THE NEGRO. (Leila Amos Pendleton) 1.50 SOULS OF BLACK FOLK. (W. E. B. Du Bois) 1.25 TH E WHITE MAN'S BURDEN. (T. Shirby Hodge) 1.00 RACE ADJUSTMENT. ( Kelly Miller) 2.00 HISTORY OF THE NEGRO. (B. G. Brawley) 1.25 HAL F A MAN . (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 AFTERMATH OF SLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 M Y LIFE AND WORK. (Bishop Alexander Walters) 1.50 JOHN BROWN. (W. E. B. Du Bois) , 1.25 NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY. (J. W. Cromwell) 1.25 PRINCE HALL AND HIS FOLLOWERS. (George W. Crawford)... 1.00 THE HAITIAN REVOLUTION. (T. G. Steward) 1.25 NEGRO CULTURE IN WEST AFRICA. (George W. Ellis) 2.00 THE NEGRO. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 60 THE EDUCATION OF THE NEGRO PRIOR TO 1861. (Carter G. Woodson) 2.00 FACTS OF RECONSTRUCTION. (John R. Lynch) 1.50 LIFE AND LETTERS OF COLERIDGE-TAYLOR. (W. C. Berwick- Sayers) 2.25 POEMS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR 2.00 AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (H. E. Krehbiel) 2.00 OUT OF THE HOUSE OF BONDAGE. (Kelly Miller) 1.50 BOOKER T. WASHINGTON. (Emmett J. Scott and Lyman Beecher Stowe) 2.00 Address, TH E CRISIS, : : : : : 70 Fifth Avenue, New York