The Crisis VACATION NUMBER THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES Volume Two JULY, 1911 Number Three THE LATE JOHN B. TAYLOR, UNIVERSITY Or PENNSYLVANIA Whose record for the quarter-mile run still remains untouched ONE DOLLAR A YEAR TEN CENTS A COPY FAMOUS COLORED ATHLETES THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION for the ADVANCEMENT of COLORED PEOPLE OBJECT.—Th e National Association for the Advancement of Colored People is an organization composed of men and women of all races and classes who believe that the present widespread increase of prejudice against colored races and particularly the denial of rights and opportunities to ten million Americans of Negro descent is not only unjust and a menace to our free institutions, but also is a direct hindrance to World Peace and the realization of Human Brotherhood. METHODS.—The encouragement of education and efforts for social uplift; the dissemination of literature; the holding of mass meetings; the maintenance of a lecture bureau; the encouragement of vigilance committees; the investigation of complaints; the maintenance of a Bureau of Information; the publication of TH E CRISIS ; the collection of facts and publication of the truth. ORGANIZATION.—All interested persons are urged to join our organization —associate membership costs $ 1, and contributing and sustaining members pay from $2 to $25 a year. FUNDS.—We need $10,000 a year for running expenses of this work and particularly urge the necessity of gifts to help on our objects. OFFICERS.—Th e officers of the organization are: National President — Mr . Moorfield Storey, Boston, Mass. Chairman of the Executive Committee-—-Mr. Oswald Garrison Villard, New York. Treasurer-—Mr. Walter E . Sachs, New York. Director of Publicity and Research—Dr. W . E . B. DuBois, New York. Secretary—Miss Mary W . Ovington, New York, COMMITTEE.—Our work is carried on under the auspices of the following General Committee, in addition to the officers named: Miss Gertrude Bamum. New York. Miss Frances Blascoer, New York. •Rev. W. H . Brooks, New York. Prof. John Dewey. New York. *Dr. John Lovejoy Elliott, New York. *Mr. Thos. Ewing, Jr., New York. •Rev.	 John Hnynes Holmes, New York. Mr. Hamilton Holt, New York. Miss Maud It. Ingersoll, New York. Mis. Florence Kelley, New York. *Mr. Paul Kennaday, New York. •Mrs.	 F. R. Keyser, New York. Dr. Chas. Lenz. New York, Mr. Jacob W. Mack, New York. •Mrs. M. D. Maclean, New York. •Mr.	 John E. Mllholland, New York. Rev. Horace G. Miller, New York. Mrs. Max Morgenthau, Jr., New York. Mr. James F. Morton. Jr., New York. Mr. Henry Moskowitz, New York. Miss Leonora O'Reilly, New York. •Rev. A. Clayton Powell, New York. •Mr.	 Charles Edward Russell, New York Mr. Jacob H. Sehiff, New York. Prof. E. R. A. Seligman, New York. •Dr.	 Joseph Silverman, New York. Mrs. Anna Garlin Spencer, New York. •Prof.	 J. E. Spingara, New York. Mrs. Henry Villard. New York. •Miss Lillian D. Wald, New York. •Mr. Wm. English Walling, New York. •Bishop	 Alexander Walters. New York Dr. Stephen Sv Wise, New York. Miss M. R. Lyons, Brooklyn, N. Y. •Dr.	 O. M. Waller, Brooklyn, N. Y. Mr. D. Macon Webster, Brooklyn, N. Y. Mr. Geo. E. Wibecan, Jr., Brooklyn. N. Y. Mrs. M. EL Talbert, Buffalo, N. Y. Hon. Thos. M. Osborne, Auburn. N. Y. •Mr.	 W. L. Bulkley, Ridgefleld Park, N. J. Mr. George W. Crawford, New Haven, Conn. Miss Maria Baldwin, Boston, Mass. Mr. Francis J. Garrison, Boston, Mass. Mr. Archibald H. Grimke, Boston, Mass. Miss Adelene Moffat. Boston, Mass. •Mr.	 Albert E. PiUsbury, Boston, Mass. Mr. Wm. Munroe Trotter, Boston, Mass. Dr. Horace Bumstcad, Brookllne, Mass. Miss Elizabeth C. Carter. New Bedford, Mass. Rev. Garnett R. Walter, Baltimore, Md. Prest. Chas. T. Thwing. Cleveland, O. Mr. Chas. W. Chesnutt, Cleveland, O. Hon. Harry C. Smith. Cleveland, 0. Prest. H. C. Kin?. Oberlln. O. Prest. W. S. Scarborough, Wilberforce, O. •Miss Jane Addams, Chicago, 111. •Mrs. Ida B. Wells Barnett, Chicago, 111. •Dr. C. E. Bentley, Chicago, HI. Miss Sopnronisba Breckenrldge, Chicago, 111. Mr. Clarence Darrow, Chicago, 111. Mr, Julius Rosenwald, Chicago. 111. Mrs. Cella Parker Woolley. Chicago. HI. Mr. F. L. McGhee. St. Paul, Minn. Miss Frances Bartholomew, Philadelphia. Pa. •Dr. N. F. Mossell, Philadelphia. Pa. •Dr.	 Wm. A. Sinclair, Philadelphia. Pa. Miss Susan Wharton, Philadelphia. Pa. Mr. R. R. Wright, Jr.. Philadelphia, Pa. Mr. W. Justin Carter, Harrisburg, Pa. Rev. Harvey Johnson. D.D., Baltimore, Md. Hon, Wm. S. Bennet, Washington, D. C. Mrs. Carrie W. Clifford. Washington, D. C. Mr. L. M. Hershaw, Washington, D. C. Prof. Kelly Miller, Washlnston. D. C. Prof. L. B. Moore. Washington. D. C. Justice W. P. Stafford, Washington. D. C. •Mrs. Mary Church Terrell. Washington. D. C. •Rev.	 J. Milton Waldron, Washington. D. C. Prest. John Hope, Atlanta. Ga. Mr. Leslie P. Hill. Manassas, Va. Mr. William Pickens, Talladega. Ala. •Executive Committee. OFFICES: Suite 311, 20 Vesey Street, New York. TH E CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES Published by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, at 20 Vesey Street, New York City. W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS. Editor M. D. MACLEAN, Managing Editor FRANK M. TURNER. Circulation Manager ALBON L. HOLSEY. Advertising Manager Contributing Editors OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD J. MAX BARBER  CHARLES EDWARD RUSSELL W. S. BRAITHWAITE  KELLY MILLER CONTENTS FOR JULY, 1911 ALONG THE COLOR LINE 95 MEN OF THE MONTH: Rev. H . C. Bishop 102 Right Hon. H. H. Asquith 103 Right Hon. A. J. Balfour 103 THE VISION: Poem. By W. S. Braithwaite 103 OPINION 104 N. A. A. C. P 107 BASKETBALL TEAM OF THE Y. M. C. A., WASHINGTON 110 EDITORIAL 112 FAMOUS COLORED COLLEGE ATHLETES. By Edwin B. Henderson.... 115 THE LITTLE KINGDOM OF SALT 119 WOMEN'S CLUB: Caring for the Young Women. By Mrs. W. A. Hunton.. 121 THE BURDEN 123 WHAT TO READ 125 Agents wanted who can furnish references. Entered as second-class matter In the post office at New York City. This Is to certify that I print fifteen thousand copies of the July Crisis, 1911. ROBERT N. WOOD, Printer, 202 East 99th St. Sworn to before me this 19th day of June,  1911.  P. J. BURKE,  Notary Public, N. Y. C. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER EDUCATIONAL DIRECTORY FORWARD! March Your Son Off to Wilberforce The only school for Negro Youth which has a Military Department equipped by the National Government and commanded by a detailed United States Army Officer. DEPARTMENTS: MILITARY CLASSICAL THEOLOGICAL NORMAL SCIENTIFIC MUSICAL BUSINESS TECHNICAL PREPARATORY Banking taught by the actual operations in the Students' Savings Bank. Twelve Industries, 180 acres of beautiful campus, Ten Buildings. Healthful surroundings, exceptional community. Maintained in part by the State of Ohio. W. S. SCARBOROUGH President. WM. A. JOINER, Superintendent, C. N. &amp; I. Atlanta University IB beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Tale, Harvard, Dartmouth, Smith and Wellesley. Forty-one years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, OA. Wilberforce University WILBERFORCE, OHIO Opens first Tuesday in September Located in Greene County, 3 % miles from Xenia, Ohio. Healthful surroundings. Refined community. Faculty of 32 members. Expenses low. Classical and Scientific, Theological, Preparatory, Music, Military, Normal and Business Departments. Ten industries taught Great opportunities for High School graduates entering College or Professional Courses. Two new buildings for girls to be erected this year—one now in process of erection, and the- other to be begun in the spring. Catalogue and Special Information Furnished. Address W. S. SCARBOROUGH, President. Washington Conservatory of Music and School of Expression 902 T STREET, WASHINGTON, D. C. LARGE AND COMPETENT FACULTY DEPARTMENTS Piano, Voice and Violin. Piano Tuning.Theory Analysis, Harmony, Counterpoint, Fugue,Vocal Expression, Wind Instruments, History ol Music, Methods. Scholarships Awarded Artists' Recitals HARRIET GIBBS-MARSHALL, President. GEORGE WILLIAM OOOK, Treasurer. ABBY WILLIAMS, Secretary. T.EWIS G. GREGORY, Financial Secretary. ANNIE E. GRINAGE. Uirginia Union University RICHMOND, VA. A College Department, of high standards and modern curriculum. A Theological Department, with all subjects generally required in the best theological seminaries. An Academy, with manual training, giving a preparation for life or for college. The positive moral and religious aim of the school, its high standards of entrance and of class work, its fine new buildings and well-equipped laboratories and library, prepare a faithful student for a life of wide usefulness. GEORGE RICE HOVEY President Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS SHAW UNIVERSITY This institution of learning, established in 1865, has industrial departments tor both young men and young women, as well as college, normal and preparatory departments. There are also Schools of Law, Medicine, Pharmacy and Theology. The facilities have recently been increased. Other improvements are being planned that will be completed within the next two years. Applications should be made several month.* or a year in advance, for it has become impossible during the last few years to receive all who apply. The,present enrollment is over S00. The academic year begins on the Thursday nearest the first day of October and continues for thirty-two consecutive weeks. The charges are moderate. Catalogues furnished upon application. Address THE PRESIDENT Shaw University, Raleigk, N . C LINCOLN INSTITUTE JEFFERSON CITY. MISSOURI Founded by tie Soldiers of the 62d and 66th Regiments of the V. S. Colored Infantry. Supported by the State of Missouri. Has Normal, Collegiate, Agricultural, Mechanical and Industrial Courses. Buildings and equipment unsurpassed. Thirty teachers representing the best schools of the country. Students from all sections of the country. For catalogue and further information address BENJAMIN FBAHKT.TN ALLEN, President. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation, Healthful Location The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere Noted for Honest and Thorough Work Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar Sehool and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Opportunity for Self-help. Fall Term Opens Sept. 27, 1911. For information address KNOXVILLE, TENN. BOOKS The Cur»e of Race Prejudice J AMES F. M OMTOM, J B., A.M., Author and Publuhtr Forceful, rational, comprehensive. An arsenal of facts and unanswerable arguments. Invaluable for propaganda. Read the chapter on "The Bugbear of Social Equality," which is a veritable eye-opener. Thousands already sold. Agents wanted everywhere. 1 PRICE 25 CENTS Address the Author at 244 West 143d Street, : New York, N. Y. ADVERTISER Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 13 Monographs. Sold Separately. Address: A. G. DILL Atlanta University, Atlanta. Ga. JOINING THE NAVY; OB, ABROAD WITH UNCLE SAM By JOHN B. PAYNTEB, A.M. First Race Contribution to Navy Literature Ordered by the Government for Libraries of War Vessels .. "It is a perfect picture-.of life on board ship when I first went to sea. The story is told so simply and in such good style, and holds its interest so. that I read it through at one sitting."—Richardson Clover, Rear Admiral, U. S. N., Retired. Cloth Bound. 300 Pages. Fully Illustrated. SECOND EDITION Sent Postage Paid on Receipt of One Dollar Address care of SUDWABTH PRINTING CO. WASHINGTON, D. C. RACE ADJUSTMENT By KELLY MILLER. Howard University. Washington, D. C. A Standard Book on the Race Question. PRICE {2.00 Social Equality S cents An Appeal to Reason, open letter to John Temple Graves 10 cents Roosevelt and the Negro 10 cents Forty Years of Negro Education.. 10 cents President R. W . McGranahan Ultimate Race Problem 10 cents The Political Capacity of the Negro 10 cents The Talented Tenth 10 cents ADDRESS AUTHOR PUBLICATIONS OF THE N. A. A. C. P. The N. A. A. C. P. hu for ule the followina pamphlet*: 1. Disfranchisement: A powerful argument by the Rev. John Haynes Holmes. 2. Education in the South: Facts about the discrimination against the Negro. By the Rev. Horace Bumstead, former president of Atlanta University. 3. The Real Race Problem: A scientific comparison of the black and the white man by America's foremost anthropologist, Prof. Boas, of Columbia University. 4. Social Control. By Jane Addams, of Hull House. . y ... - 5. The Negro as a Soldier. By Brigadier-General Burt, U. S. A. Ftvc Cento Each. Three Dollar* a Thousand Mention TH E CKISIS. 94 	THE CRISIS ADVERTISER OUR ADVERTISING DEPARTMENT must be a service to our reader as well as a source of income to our management CJ This magazine has a definite purpose: to tell the truth in a quiet but positive manner. To provide reading matter of genuine interest to father, mother and children in every patriotic American home is the purpose of those who write TH E CRISIS. To construct a magazine correct in dress and formation is the aim of those who print it, and every page is evidence of the earnestness and ability of those who really make possible this publication. &lt;J In the advertising department it is not our purpose to solicit advertisements at random and fill our pages with advertisements of no interest and value to our readers. The reader purchases the advertising page as well as the reading page. Viewing the matter in that light, it is our purpose to make the advertising a means of real service to our readers as well as a source of income to us. €J In this number we begin a Hotel Directory and a Classified Advertising Service. Those who are general magazine readers can appreciate the value of these two departments. (J If your dealer hasn't an article you wish to purchase, he will get it for you. We aim to make TH E CRISIS advertising columns the market place for CRISIS readers, and if you don't see what you want among our advertisements, write us and we will help you find it. In this way we will know the sort of advertisements to place in our columns for the convenience and pleasure of our readers. ALBON L. HOLSEY, Advertising Manager This Is 	Few people see you Many people see your letters The Crisis Use Good Stationery Not the cheapest; but the best for the money charged SPECIAlTY Wedding Invitations printed or engraved — correct style Ask Editor W. E. B. Du Bois by permission WRITE OH 'PHONE TO ROBERT N. WOOD, Printer 202 East 99th Street New York City 'Phone Lenox 6667 Mention TH E CRISIS. Along the Color Line POLITICAL. On June 12 the Senate voted to amend the Constitution so as to permit the election of senators by the people and passed the Bristow amendment which adds a clause giving Congress the right of supervision over such elections. The vote stood 44 to 44; the tie was broken by the Vice-President who cast his vote for the Bristow amendment. Mr. Clarke of Arkansas was the only Democrat who voted for the amendment. Five Republicans—Borah, Gronna, La Follette, Poindexter and Works-—all insurgents, voted against it. The House, which has already declared for the direct election of senators, will now have to pass on the amendment which takes the place of the measure proposed by Mr. Sutherland and defeated some months ago. There is strong opposition to the amendment on the part of the Southern representatives. In the debate many held that the right to control elections was already vested in Congress and that the Sutherland and Bristow amendments in no way altered the situation should Congress ever desire to interfere. On the other hand, some felt that the proposition, without the amendment, strengthened the South in the position it has taken in disfranchising the Negro. *J The bills in the Sixty-second Congress concerning the Negro are a curious assortment. Byrd, of Mississippi, has a bill pending, designed to make it a crime for whites, Negroes and Mongolians to intermarry in the District of Columbia; Clark, of Florida, has a measure providing for "jim crow" street cars in the District; Hardwick, of Georgia, wants the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendments abrogated; and Roddenburg, of Missisippi, will endeavor to restrict the congressional restaurant to white patrons. There is no chance that any of these bills will become law. They are brought forward merely as proof to the voters at home that their promoters are "sound on the question." Representative Roddenburg, by the way, has joined the ranks of Congressmen who have assaulted colored men, a society adorned by Senator Stone, who slapped a waiter some time ago, and Congressman Heflin, who shot a Negro in Washington. The Georgian recently fought a colored passenger in a crowded street car because the man jostled him more than he thought necessary. 1$ A favorable report on the nomination of William H. Lewis to be Assistant Attorney-General has been authorized by the Senate committee on the judiciary. &lt;J The Secretary of the Interior has appointed William T. Vernon, former Registrar of the Federal Treasury, to be assistant supervisor of Indian schools in Oklahoma. The State officials protested. &lt;I Carter Harrison, the Democratic mayor of Chicago, has appointed W. A. T. Watkins, a colored man, to be assistant corporation counsel. Mr. Harrison's election was due largely to the votes of Negroes who believed his attitude on race questions to be just. &lt;J The New York legislature defeated Mr. Cuvillier's bill providing for the organization of a colored regiment of the National Guard in New York City. The colored people did not, however, give up the fight. They aroused sentiment, saw the Governor and other prominent Democrats, and the Assembly reconsidered the vote, passing the bill unanimously. As we go to press it seems almost certain that the Senate will concur. JUDICIAL. In the matter of the Oklahoma disfranchising "grandfather" clause two decisions have been rendered. It would now appear that it is legal to disfranchise the Negro in the eastern half of Oklahoma and illegal in the western half. Judge John H . Cotteral, of the western district, sitting in Oklahoma City, held positively that the amendment adopted by the people of the State last August is in violation of the Fifteenth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, while Judge Ralph E. Campbell, of the eastern district, sitting at Muskogee, sustained demurrers in the case brought against election officials who refused Negroes the right to vote, holding that no offense had been committed against the United States. In his opinion, Judge Cotteral said that it is the prerogative of a State to establish educational and other restrictions for voters, but that the Oklahoma educational test clearly applies to one race only and is therefore unconstitutional. This "grandfather" clause is the familiar sort which provides that no person be 96 THE allowed to vote unless he can read and write any section of the Oklahoma constitution, but adds that the law should not apply to any one whose ancestors could vote on January 1, 1866. *J A n important decision in Alabama was handed down by Chief Justice R. R. Simpson in the case of Sheriff Jinwright, of Bullock County, who on April 2 permitted a mob to take from him and lynch a colored prisoner held in the county jail. "It matters not that the prisoner may have been guilty of the most revolting crime known to our laws," declared the court in rendering its opinion, "the next wave of popular frenzy might deprive of his life one who, upon proper investigation, would be found to be innocent. "It is vain for us to write in our Constitution, that cherished heritage of English-speaking people—'that all persons accused of crime shall have the right to a public trial, by an impartial jury, and shall not be deprived of life, liberty or property except by due process of law'— if our government cannot and will not enforce it. A law not enforced is no law at all. The sheriff who defends his prisoner from violence is defending the constitution of his State and perchance the lives, the liberty and the happiness of his own family." &lt;J Despite the fact that United States Judge Emory Speer charged that the Georgia contract labor violates the Con stitution of the United States and that hundreds of Negroes are being held in peonage, a Macon jury has acquitted John R. Rogers, Jacob Home, W. E. Channey and Luke Dupree, four wealthy Georgians, of the charge, of peonage. The jury returned a verdict of not guilty, notwithstanding Judge Speer's positive statement to them that the men were guilty of peonage and conspiracy, and by their own testimony had convicted themselves. The judge practically or dered a verdict of guilty and he seemed angered when the jury in five minutes returned a verdict of acquittal. It was during the course of this trial that Judge Speer reprimanded Attorney- General Felder for continually using the word "nigger." The judge remarked that he was tired of "nigger, nigger, nigger," and suggested that the lawyer choose a more pleasing form of address. Mr. Felder protested with a good deal of warmth, but Judge Speer was insistent and even hinted that he would not allow the lawyer to appear before him if he did not mend his manners. Judge Speer is a native Georgian who served in the Confederate army. He was concerned in the prosecution of the Ku Klux Klan. He has been independent in politics. Eight planters of Conecuh County, Alabama, have been arrested at Mobile CRISIS on indictments returned by the last United States Grand Jury charging them with peonage. It is alleged that they have been holding farm laborers in a condition of peonage for many months. SOCIAL UPLIFT. The newly formed Colored Citizens' Civic and Protective League of Louisiana held a meeting in New Orleans to perfect their organization. The preamble to the constitution and by-laws was adopted. The objects of the league are stated to be: Interest and co-operation in civic improvements; the moral, educational, commercial and industrial advancement of the Negro; the enjoyment and benefit of civil and political rights as guaranteed under the organic law; the encouragement of a law-abiding spirit; the securing of equal and exact justice before the law; the approval of the law's penalty when due, and disapproval and opposition when not due. Cfl Attached to the Fifteenth United States Cavalry in the pageant attending the coronation of George V. are nine colored cavalrymen under the command of Major F. S. Foltz. tj Senator Curtis, of Kansas, has introduced a bill in the Senate to erect in the District of Columbia a home for aged and infirm colored people. The home will be built out of the proceeds of a fund consisting of moneys due the estates of colored soldiers, sailors and marines who are now dead. A sum amounting to about $300,000, representing pay, bounties and prizes of colored men who were in the Union service in the Civil War, lies in the Treasury. It has been several times proposed to use it in the manner suggested. The money was turned over to the Treasury years ago after the commissioner of the Freed-man's Bureau had found it impossible to locate the claimants. &lt;J A monument to John Brown was unveiled on the campus of the Western University for Negroes at Quindaro, Kan., on June 8. A subscription for the monument was started two years ago by the late Bishop Abraham Grant. &lt;J Col. Asa Turner, speaking before the colored Young Men's Christian Association in Des Moines, Iowa, gave a glowing tribute to the colored troops of the Civil War. His remarks were chiefly occupied with the narration of various instances where the Negro troops showed their valor. "They were green troops to begin with," he said, "but after a couple of weeks' practice, there were seventeen in my company who could beat me shooting. They were good soldiers and loyal soldiers." ALONG THE COLOR LINE &lt;I CoJ. John R. Marshall has secured from the Illinois legislature an appropriation of $100,000 for an armory for colored soldiers. This will be the first armory in the United States built for colored soldiers. Representative Edward Green, the colored member of the Illinois legislature, put the bill through the assembly. &lt;J The one hundredth birthday anniversary of Harriet Beecher Stowe fell on Wednesday, June 14, and was generally observed in large cities. Mrs. Mary Church Terrell one year ago published a request through the press asking that colored people everywhere and especially the women make that day one of special celebration. In Boston, Chicago, Denver and many other cities large meetings were held. At the commencement of Fisk University, Charles Edward Stowe, son of Harriet Beecher Stowe, was the chief speaker, and in Washington, Lyman Beecher Stowe, her grandson, addressed a meeting organized by the women of the city. &lt;J Six years ago a committee was started in New York especially to look after the interests of the colored children who were not receiving their due share of summer outings. This committee writes that it is confident it is in a position to do more work than ever before, and to do it well, if it is sufficiently supported by the public. As the result of several conferences held during the last two years matters have been so arranged that there is complete co-operation between all agencies doing fresh-air work among the colored people in New York, thus avoiding duplication of effort and securing a certain degree of specialization. The Committee on Urban Conditions is to keep the records and manage a model boys' camp, but the visiting in the homes, arranging the groups for excursions or for longer stays, educating the people as to the value of these outings and as to the available opportunities—in short, the "family and city" end of the work, is under the direction of the Negro Fresh Air Committee. Last summer it sent away 214 people for a week or two with the help of the Tribune Fund and other good friends, but there were 50 more mothers and babies (a group usually unprovided for) who were ready to go if the money for them had been forthcoming, as well as 142 children who might ha-ve gone away if our visitor could have seen them more than once. Rev. William N. Hubbell, of the Judson Memorial Church, is chairman of the committee, and Miss H . F. Emerson, 131 East 66th Street, New York, is the secretary-treasurer. EDUCATION. The General Education Board has awarded $634,000 to white and colored colleges and schools and for other educational purposes. Conditional appropriations were made to these colleges: Converse College, Spartanburg, S. C , $50,000; Drury College, Springfield, Mo., $75,000; Franklin College, Franklin, Ind., $75,000; Franklin and Marshall College, Lancaster, Pa., $50,000; Huron College, Huron, S. D., $100,000, and Pennsylvania College, Gettysburg, Pa., $50,000. Schools for colored people to which appropriations were made are: Hampton Instituc, Hampton, Va.; Tuskegee Institute, Tuskegee, Ala.; Lane College, Jackson, Tcnn.; Spellman Seminary, Atlanta, Ga.; Howe Institute, Memphis, Tenn.; Thompson Institute, Lumberton, N . C , and the Florida Baptist Academy, Jacksonville, Fla. Each of these received about $10,000. &lt;J The sixteenth Atlanta conference for the study of Negro problems was held at the university on May 30. The subject of study this year was the "Negro Common School." Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois is director of the conference. For four years the conferences have been carried on under the auspices of the John F. Slater fund. &lt;J Andrew Carnegie has given another building to the Training School for Colored Teachers at Cheyney, Pa. This time it is a building for the agricultural department of this school to cost $10,000. The school offers professional courses for teaching industrial subjects and hopes to correlate these with agriculture. q Rev. George Williams Walker, D.D., for more than a quarter of a century a professor at Paine's college at Augusta, Ga., died on May 17, after an illness,of several months, in the sixtieth year of his age. Dr. Walker was one of the heroes of the South. He came to Augusta about 1884, and offered his services to the educational work of the Negro, which had been promised the race by the Southern Methodists. He began his work in an upper room on Broad Street, and later property was secured on WoodlaWn Avenue, where teaching was carried on in remodeled stables. Erecting Haygood Memorial Hall, they changed the name to Paine College. For twenty-five years Dr. Walker has been a true friend of the race, suffering much because of his staunch loyalty, and deeply beloved by the colored people. In the April CRISIS we took occasion to express editorially our respect for this good man. tj Announcement has been made that Andrew Carnegie has made a provisional donation of $10,000 for the completion of the Geo. W. Hubbard Hospital in 98 THE Nashville, Tenn. The Hubbard Hospital was opened several months ago. The wing already completed cost about $15,000, which was raised among the colored people themselves. The furniture in the building was supplied by funds raised by numerous colored women's clubs. &lt;J A t the forty-eighth annual commencement of Wilberforce University the centenary of the birth of the late Bishop Daniel A. Payne, founder of the college, was observed on the 11th and 12th of June. Bishops H . M . Turner, VV. B. Derrick, L. J. Coppin, B. F. Lee, C. T. ' Shaffer and others delivered addresses eulogizing the founder. CJ The colored teachers of Spartanburg County, S. C , are trying to organize a summer school. THE CHURCH. The New England African Methodist Episcopal Conference voted at their annual conference to advise the Secretary of the Navy "that there has come to our knowledge that there exists at navy recruiting stations an impossibility for Negroes to enlist except as coal passers or mess attendants, that the Negro is discriminated against aboard the receiving ships Hancock at New York and Franklin at Norfolk, that on several battleships the Negro is segregated, and that he has no opportunity to rise. It is petitioned that these conditions be investigated and remedied." CJ "Wanted, 400 men! 100 boys! To use our association home." This was the caption of a large whole-page advertisement used by the Alice Johnson colored Young Men's Christian Association in Knoxville, Tenn. A membership campaign was started by the members of the colored branch of the Young Men's Christian Association in May to obtain 400 adult and 100 junior members of the association. It is said that the advertisement has been the means of attracting many new members. CJ President Taft made an address before a congregation of colored men in Washington who are endeavoring to raise money for the completion of their Young Men's Christian Association building in that city. He praised the generosity of Julius Rosenwald, of Chicago, who gave $25,000 for that purpose. ECONOMICS. To check the invasion of choice residence districts by Japanese, Chinese and Negroes, citizens of North Berkeley, California, have formed an organization. According to the circular issued by the association, property owners, real estate CRISIS men, banks and others will be interested in the project and every effort made to prevent Orientals and colored persons from renting or buying property in sections in which many pretty homes have been erected. Certain sections of the city have been designated as "restricted" areas. CJ Colored ushers have supplanted white ushers in the new Northwestern depot in Chicago. In making the change a time-honored custom has been abandoned. Officials of the road have advanced a number of reasons for the change, chief among which is that colored ushers are easier to obtain, and that inasmuch as the Pullman porters are now all of that race it is thought advisable to make the system uniform throughout. CJ At a meeting of the Tenth Ward Citizens' Association of Kansas City, Andrew E. Gallagher, a member of the Tenth Ward Citizens' League, made the announcement that great pressure was being brought to bear on the Board of Education with reference to Negro teachers living on Montgall Avenue, between Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Streets. The meeting was in the nature of an "anti-Negro" gathering. The league was formed two years ago for the purpose of forcing the Negroes from the south end of the tenth ward. This was the topic of discussion at the recent meeting. One of the speakers was Floyd E. Jacobs, an assistant prosecutor in Kansas City. "I have just returned from a trip through the South," said Mr. Jacobs. "There the people have to deal with the Negro problem upon a large scale and they know how to accomplish many things better than we who live in the North. In all of the principal cities of the Southern States the Negroes are segregated from the whites. Consequently there is no deterioration of property as we know it here. In this movement to organize Kansas City for its best development I am with you from beginning to end. It is the duty of every man here and every citizen of Kansas City to line up in this move which the Tenth Ward Citizens' League has initiated. I do not say this because of race prejudice or of social prejudice, but it is a question of economics." tj Opposition to the continued immigration of American Negroes from Oklahoma into the Canadian northwest grew so rapidly that it was believed that the Canadian government might take action to put a stop to any further influx. The Edmonton, Alberta, Board of Trade passed resolutions to protest against the continuance of the immigration. The Winnipeg Board of Trade protested on ALONG THE COLOR LINE the ground that the Negro is not adapted to the Canadian climate and conditions of life. Nothing further was done, however, and there are no new developments. There are now only about 17,000 Negroes throughout the whole of Canada. &lt;J The census seems to show that the Negro population of Maryland is decreasing. The figures were analyzed by Judge John C. Rose, who said: "In 1840 there were 4,117 fewer Negroes in the State than there were in 1830, and in 1910 there are 2,815 fewer than there were in 1900. During the same time the white population has increased 110,220. In some of the counties of the State the Negro decrease during the last ten years has been very striking. Thus, in Kent, where there were 7,442 Negroes ten years ago there are now only 6,162." CRIME. Six Negnoes suspected of complicity in the murder of a prominent citizen were taken from the jail in Lake City, Florida, on May 21, carried to the suburbs of the city, tied to trees, and riddled with bullets. Details of this murder are given under N. A. A. C. P. notes and in "The Burden." &lt;J Ben Smith, an old colored preacher, was lynched at Swainsboro, Ga., on May 20, after he had shot his wife and fatally wounded Deputy Marshal Neal Canady. The deputy was summoned following the first shooting. According to the press report as he approached the cabin the preacher opened fire and then fled. Canady fell, mortally wounded. A crowd pursued the Negro, caught him in a swamp, hanged him and filled his body with bullets. This was the second lynch ing in Swainsboro within ten days, the other victim being John McLeod, who shot and killed Deputy Sheriff Benton Woods. *J In spite of the pleas of Circuit Judge W. L. Cook to let the law take its course, and in the presence of several members of the State Legislature, a mob at Gallatin, Tenn., lynched James Sweat, a Negro, following the death of Magistrate David Barry. It was claimed that Mr. Barry was killed by Sweat when he tried to make peace between the colored man and the cook on the Barry farm. No arrests were made after the lynching. &lt;I Because he was accused of pointing a gun at Mrs. Hendricks, wife of a planter, Henry Jackson, a Negro, was lynched by a mob, in the western part of Bullock County, Georgia. The mob was headed by the husband of Mrs. Hendricks, and it is said he tied the noose about the Negro's neck. After the Negro was suspended his body was riddled with bullets. Under the heading "Judicial" we give an account of the trial of the sheriff. &lt;I Joe Moore, a Negro, who confessed to having murdered Henry' Googher, a farmer, was taken from the jail at Crawfordsville, Ga., on May 22, and hanged to a tree by a mob. &lt;J The most sensational case tried at the Decatur Superior Court of Georgia was that of the State against H . A. Gee, Oscar Spooner and Jim Poitevent, charged with the murder of a Negro preacher by the name of Cheatham. The defendants were young white farmers of good standing, and it was alleged that they attempted to whitecap Cheatham one night in April "for some reason undisclosed," and that meeting with resistance on the part of the Negro and his wife, they shot and killed him. The evidence of the dead Negro's wife was that she positively identified each of the defendants, although they attempted disguise by blacking their faces. Each of the defendants proved a complete alibi, and received vindication at the hands of the jury by a verdict of not guilty. They belong to prominent families. The colored press gives the "reason undisclosed" that Cheatham was protecting his wife- from assault. Those familiar with conditions where lawlessness against Negroes is tolerated know that the black husband who protects his wife does so at the risk of his life. ^ The white press of the country gives a few lines to the lynching of a colored woman and her son at Okemah, Oklahoma, on May 26. The woman was under arrest on the charge of murdering a sheriff. The news is thus given by the colored press: "There will be no official investigation into the lynching of Laura Nelson, colored, and her sixteen-year-old son, who were taken from the jail here, dragged six miles to the Canadian River, and hanged from a bridge. The woman was the first lynched in the State. She was raped before she was hanged. "The woman and her son were under arrest on a charge of murdering Deputy Sheriff George H . Loney, who had discovered stolen goods in their home." The Muskogee Scimiter says of this crime: "On May 26 an article appeared in the Morning Phoenix, stating that Mrs. Laura Nelson, a colored woman, and her son, a boy fourteen years old, had been taken from the county jail at Okemah, the county seat of Okfuskee County, and mobbed by Negroes. Al l of which was true, except charging the crime to Negroes, which was a lie. The murderers evidently started this to hide their dastardly deed. The sheriff, the jailer and -every official in the county know that not a single Negro was in THE CRISIS the mob, and they know further that white men composed the mob, and the officers who were too cowardly to protect their helpless prisoners should be separated from the office and the places given ME N who have some regard for their oath of office. "Just think of it. A woman taken from her suckling babe, and a boy— a child only fourteen years old—dragged through the streets by a howling mob of fiendish devils, the most unnameable crime committed on the helpless woman and then she and her son executed by hanging. This happened in a Christian community and where the machinery of the law was all in the hands of white men, there being no chance for escape. If the prisoners were guilty then why mob them, except to satisfy an irresistible greed and appetite for rapine and blood? The Okfuskee mob composed of white men committed the most damnable and hellish crime known in annals of crime, not excepting the burning at the stake of a number of Indians some years ago near this same place, and placed a blot on the fair name of Oklahoma that even time cannot erase." •J A delegation of Negroes (as noted in the N. A. A. C. P. notes) were received in the White House, on May 31, and presented a written petition to President Taft urging him to send a special message to Congress to ask the enactment of a law making the crime of lynching punishable by the Federal government. The President explained that the crime of lynching came entirely within the jurisdiction of the State governments and that he was powerless to help the Negroes. CJ A mob of 100 men and boys went to the hotel in Fitzgerald, Ga., where they found three colored delegates who were attending the annual encampment of the G. A. R., Department of Carolinas, Georgia and Florida. They dragged them from their beds at 2 o'clock in the morning, forced them to dress and then carried them into the street, where they were roughly handled. After whipping the delegates and cutting the G. A. R. buttons from their coats, the mob ordered them to leave town at once. CJ A story comes from Kansas City giving an account of the second attempt that has been made within five months to destroy the home of W . E. Griffin, the colored principal of the Booker Washington School in that town. A few weeks ago a bomb was exploded under a boardwalk about three feet from the house, with the result that every window in the house was broken and a large hole was blown in the .earth. Last December an effort was made to destroy the home of the teacher with nitroglycerine, and within the last two years several other attempts have been made to drive the colored families from the neighborhood. CJ Thomas E. Howes is a Negro who was born in British Guiana, and now lives in Scranton, Pa. Several months ago he became a naturalized citizen of the United States and bought a house for the sum of $4,000. As soon as the news of this invasion of the aristocratic Prescott Avenue was known there was great indignation. Messages were sent to him of so unfriendly a character that he felt it the better part of valor to place himself under the protection of the chief of police, who detailed an officer with instructions to see that the law was not violated. ART. Mr. H. F. Gilbert's "Comedy Overture on Negro Themes" has been played for the first time at the Symphony concerts in Boston. This composer has long lived and worked in and around Boston, keeping his faith in American folk-tunes—Negro, Indian or of popular balladry—as the source out of which an American music could be written. This particular overture he designed for an operetta drawn from Joel Chandler Harris's stories of "Uncle Remus." For various reasons the composition of the operetta was abandoned, and Mr. Gilbert reshaped the overture into its present form in which it has been played already in New York and Pittsburg. He describes it as follows: "The overture is not at all in the accepted form. The thematic material I have taken from various collections of Negro folk-lore 'lifting' a motive here and there. M y 'lifting' has not been very extensive, however. The Negro themes which I have employed amount altogether to but twenty measures. The whole overture is developed from this material. "The piece opens with a light and humorous movement. The theme was manufactured from two-four measure motives which I found in that interest ing book, 'Bahama Songs and Stories,' by Charles L. Edwards. Next comes a broad and somewhat slower move ment, the theme of which (eight meas ures in length) is a wild and mysterious sounding bit of melody. This tune and many like it were sung by the deck hands and 'roustabouts' on the Missis sippi steamboats in the old days. It is the only theme which I have used in its complete form in the overture. It is to be found in 'Slave Songs of the United States,' by W. F. Allen and others. The original words were as follows: " 'For to see my mammy, Oh— Ise gwine to Alabammy, Ah— ' "Then comes a fugue. The theme ALONG THE • of the fugue consists of the first four measures of the Negro Spiritual, 'Old Ship of Zion,' as noted by Jeannette Robinson Murphy in 'Southern Thoughts for Northern Thinkers.' The fugue ends in a broad and 'quasi maestoso' statement of the theme, in augmentation. It is given out by the brass instruments and is interspersed with fragments of the roustabout's song, also in augmentation. After this there is a return to the first theme and after considerable recapitulation and the development of a different ending or coda, the composition ends in an orgy of jollity and ragtime." &lt;J At the New York Hippodrome a spectacle called "Marching Through Georgia" was presented, which called for a number of colored players. The author says, speaking of the rehearsals: "One thing I noted with great satisfaction was the intelligence and earnestness they all showed in grasping my effort to inject detail into their work wherever the action made its introduction logical, and I feel safe in offering a challenge, on their behalf, to any other body of so-called 'extra people,' whatever their race, employed in any current attraction, to even approach them in this particular. No matter in which direction one looks during the plantation scene, one will find that there is something being done that is thoroughly in harmony with the main action, and being done not perfunctorily and mechanically, but with the zest and intelligence that would do credit to seasoned performers. "An incident proving the ability of Negroes to 'harmonize,' musically, without direction, occurred at an early rehearsal. At one point in the play an old colored preacher enters from one side singing the first stanza of 'Old Black Joe.' The 'extra people'—the 'slaves'— are supposed to be off the stage, but in the rehearsals, when there was no scenery and property, the company was grouped in a large half circle near the back of the stage, listening to the familiar words of the song. When the singer had reached the first strain of the chorus, 'I'm coming,' I merely raised my hand with a comprehensive sweep, and instantly the refrain was answered by a burst of harmony so full and sweet that it made 'the shivers go up my back.' That was all the rehearsals needed for 'Old Black Joe.' The colored singers did the rest themselves." MISCELLANEOUS. A plan to admit colored citizens to the Overton Park zoo has been discussed by the Park Commission of Memphis, Tenn., at a special meeting of the Park COLOR LINE Board. The idea is that the Negroes may be admitted on certain days, to be designated by the Park Board, probably not oftener than twice a month, or possibly once a week. The chairman of the board believes that the colored children who are pupils in the city schools should be admitted when accompanied by their teachers, and that possibly other Negroes, upon obtaining special permission from the Park Board, including the parents of the school children, might be admitted on these days without any danger of friction between the races. •3 Harriet Tubman, the famous colored woman who helped so many slaves to escape before the Civil War, has been taken to the Harriet Tubman Home for the Aged, which she founded in Rochester, to end her days. She is between 95 and 100 years old. It is said she piloted over 300 slaves to freedom. She is now poor, but friends are collecting the money to pay for a nurse for her. &lt;I The Woman's Suffrage'party has just appointed two colored women as election district captains in New York City. It is rumored that similar appointments will follow in districts where the colored vote predominates. &lt;J Two weeks ago a little colored boy was taken to New Rochelle, N. Y., and there abandoned. Pending a decision as to what should be done with him the child was .kept in the police station which is in the same buildings with the other city departments of the town. He heard the men complaining of the rats which were so large they frightened even the cat, and having nothing to do he secured a bit of cheese, fastened it to the end of a fishing line and dropped it down a rat hole. In the three days he was kept in the police station he caught sixty-seven rats, and before he was sent off to an asylum he was taken to the mayor to be thanked for his services. A collection was taken up to buy him a little watch. «J On her arrival at a hotel in New York the other day a young lady from Savannah discovered that she had left three diamond rings, said to be worth nearly $2,000 in a Pullman car. She remembered having placed them on the ledge of the window near which she was sitting. She informed the room clerk of the hotel and he immediately called up the railroad company. On her return from the theatre one night the owner of the rings was told that the porter of the Pullman car had found the rings and that she would receive them at the hotel. Men of the Month REV. H. C. BISHOP On June 4 the Episcopal Church of St. Philip, New York, celebrated the twenty-fifth anniversary of the induction EEV. H. C. BISHOP of its rector, the Rev. Hutchins C. Bishop. This congregation recently moved to a new building uptown and the Rev. Mr. Bishop summed up its progress during the last quarter century: "I came to this church January 1, 1886, and found as well established a parish as in those times could be," he said. "There was an intact corporation, services regularly maintained. The communicant list of 300 with 187 families represented a splendid foundation upon which to work. There were two organizations. The oldest female assistants' society still lives and carries on its work; St. Philip's Parish Home for aged and infirm still exists and with measure of success. Today the organizations are St. Philip's Young Men's Guild, Altar Society, St. Christopher Club (divided into three parts), the Brotherhood of St. Andrew, Parish Home Auxiliary, Women's Auxiliary to the Board of Missions, Girls' Club and St. Agnes Club for young girls (divided into two parts). I have not been disposed to multiply without need, but the result of work has brought these into being, and they have all lived save one, St. Cecelia Society, a musical society. Each organization is now a most efficient part of its existence. "In my rectorship there have been baptisms, 551; confirmations, 1,088; marriages, 541; burials. 852; communicants number over 1,100; 650 in the Sunday school, with the average attendance of 500; $1,025,328 has passed through the treasurers' hands. Of this sum $4,080 has gone to missions, $48,000 for purchase of church in Twenty-fifth Street; $265,000 for present church and parish house; $199,856 for maintenance of the church during twenty-five years, and $513,000 expended on other property. Half of the whole has gone to maintain the church building proper." ST. PHILIP'S CHURCH, NEW YORK MEN OF THE MONTH MB. H. H. ASQUITH 	MB. A. J. BALFOUR TWO PRIME MINISTERS 	papers. The congress will meet in London from July 26 to July 29. We give It is of great interest to the friends of the programme of the session of July 28, the First Universal Races Congress to when the Negro problem in various know that both the Right Hon. H . H . phases will be discussed: Asquith and the Right Hon. Arthur BalThe South African Native, Tengo four, the leaders of the opposing political Jabavo, Kingwilliamstown. The African parties in England, have consented to Problem, Edward Wilmot Blyden, LL.D. , serve as vice-presidents of the congress and Sir Harry Johnston, G.C.M.G., and will be actively interested in its sesK.C.B., D.Sc. The Negro in America, sions. The list of honorary vice-presiW. E. B. DuBois, Ph.D. The Negro dents includes 110 members of the Hague Problem in Relation to White Women, court of arbitration, 27 heads of parliaDr. Frances Hoggan. The American ments throughout the world, and 80 Indian, Dr. Charles A . Eastman (Ohirulers, ministers of state, governors and yesa). The Mixed Races of Brazil, Dr. ambassadors. Forty distinguished scholJoao Baptiste de Lacerda, Director of ars, from 20 different countries, will read the National Museum of Rio de Janeiro. THE VISION By WILLIAM STANLEY BRAITHWAITE (McClure's Magazine for June.) YOU are the vision, you are the image of the dream, The voice among the stars, the silence in the stream; A breath of the infinite poise, where space and time are spun, And the circling orbits wheel their planets round the sun. Beyond the outer margin where nothing calls to God Leaps the fiery symbol to bloom where your feet have trod; Here is the earth resurgent with color and bloom of spring, Glorying the dream and the vision in the song you bring. OPINION THE OKLAHOMA DECISION. It is generally conceded that Judge Cotteral's decision that the Oklahoma "grandfather" clause is unconstitutional will result in an appeal to the Supreme Court. Most newspapers avoid discussion of the decision. The Indianapolis Star, however, cheers Judge Cotteral heartily: "His argument is to the effect that the power to grant the right to vote was .not given to the Federal Government, but the Fifteenth Amendment decreed that the right to vote should not be denied any person because of 'race, color or previous condition of servitude.' To make the subjection of certain individuals to the 'educational test' dependent on their condition before 1866 would make it dependent on their race and color, the Court held. "It is refreshing to find one court with courage and clear understanding enough to decide directly on the merits of the question and not evade it by ruling on a technicality. An appeal will probably be taken, and the Supreme Court will hardly be able to evade decision when the question comes before it in this way. Should it sustain the Oklahoma court the ruling will affect all the other States where a similar disfranchising law is in force. The point in dispute does not touch on the wisdom or unwisdom of Negro suffrage, but of whether a State has the power to overrule the Federal Constitution. For the present, at least, Oklahoma will have to refrain from doing so." The New York Tribune says: "It is time that restrictions on the suffrage which are apparently based solely on race and color should be passed on by the Federal courts. There is no good excuse for such restrictions, since any State wishing to deny the ballot to the ignorant, the vicious or the defective can employ legitimate means to improve the character of its electorate. It can impose an educational or property qualification, levy a poll tax or insist on a long term of residence. But it is imperative that the restrictions imposed should apply equally to all voters, whatever their race or color. There should be no discrimination in favor of the white illiterate or undesirable person and against the colored illiterate and undesirable. Each voter should stand on his own merit and owe nothing to the undemocratic distinction of family descent." The Richmond (Va.) Times-Dispatch quotes the Tribune and then says frankly: "Qualified by the statement that we do not think that the colored man should have the right to vote, this being a white man's country, there is much force in what the Tribune says—if the suffrage is to be placed on an educational qualification, that qualification should be enforced without discrimination. If the suffrage is worth having, it is worth winning. Our present purpose, however, is not to discuss the subject on this broad line, but simply to suggest that this is not the time—we do not think the time will ever come—for amending the Constitution as to the method of electing United States Senators; particularly, is it not the time for Senators from the Southern States to open the way for a return of the day when we shall have to fight the Negro question all over again. There are about 4,000,000 [sic] Negroes in the United States, most of them in the South, and it would not be comfortable to have them taking part in the election of Senators, should the Federal cotfrts hold to the doctrine of universal suffrage. It is worth thinking about." THE ALABAMA DECISION. The Boston Herald refers to the admirable decision of the Supreme Court of Alabama, which has removed a sheriff who allowed his prisoner to be lynched, and says: "The Montgomery Times speaks of the decision being received with satisfaction by lovers of law enforcement and haters of lawlessness. And it is fair to assume that it reflects the sober sentiment of the State, as the newly elected Governor, Emmett O'Neal, is responsible for pushing the case. Nothing will so help to make this a law-abiding country as a widespread conviction that Law is intended for enforcement. Alabama is to be congratulated on officials who, appreciating the gravity of the issue, have had the courage to take the righteous stand. Laxity in the South has arisen in part from a failure to gauge the public opinion of the World. The people of that section no more lack 'a decent respect for the opinion of mankind' than do others. They have simply failed to take in the condemnation meted out to them by the civilized world." OPINION The Atlanta Georgian says the sheriff deserves his disgrace. "No sheriff, no officer of any kind, who would be guilty of such dishonorable conduct deserves to remain in office for one moment. The law is too sacred for it thus to be stabbed in the back by the very persons who have sworn to uphold and defend it." "THE MAN FARTHEST DOWN." Mr. Booker T. Washington's articles in the Outlook have received comment on both sides of the proposition that the Negro in the South is better off than the European peasant. Some Southern papers have quoted the articles with brief observations of their own or none at all. The New York Tribune, however, goes into the question: "Dr. Washington says that he has been tremendously impressed by the fact that the masses of Southern Negroes do not fully appreciate the advantages which they possess in living in a country where there is a constant demand for labor of all sorts. Furthermore, it is clear thai they do not sufficiently appreciate the practical monopoly which they enjoy in a great labor market like the South's. The Southern landowner has been educated to the use of Negro labor. He is more or less blind to its shortcomings and is disposed to ignore its relative inefficiency. The farmhand on the Southern cotton plantation and the roustabout on Southern wharves and steamboats are, considering the work they do, about the highest-paid laborers in the United States. They represent an uneconomic survival of hand labor in a world of labor-saving machinery. In the field of domestic service the Southern Negro has also a practical monopoly. Colored cooks, nurses, waiters and laundresses get good wages and have no white competition. They are all well fed and well clothed and receive a degree of consideration which is not given elsewhere to household employees. "It is a fact little noticed by those who hold that the American Negro does not have a fair chance industrially that the struggle for life, which is so fierce and so exhausting in many other parts of the world, hardly touches him at all if he stays South. . . . The lot of the aver age American Negro, especially the Negro of the South, is not worse than that of any other group of human beings of similar capacity. It is, on the contrary, one which, offers a relatively large proportion of comfort, opportunity and hope." The Manchester (England) Guardian finds the articles unscientific, but thinks it-extremely pathetic that there should be any race so miserable as to be encouraged by the fact that it has not sunk so low. as a few of the most un happy dwellers in the London slums: "The first installment refers to the lowest types of Londoners, and Mr. Washington describes certain homeless and broken men hunting for garbage and begging under thin disguises than whom he has never seen anything more hopeless and wretched. He docs not appear to have made any close social or economic study of our problems, but an impression is not without its value even though there is not any basis of comparison between the lowest of the Negroes and the lowest of the Englishmen. He does, however, find points of contrast; the Negro 'is never without hope and a certain joy in living,' he can always find labor of some kind, and Mr. Washington has never heard of a Negro dying from lack of food. We have the fine institutions here, it seems, but though they may save us from wrongs which are suffered by the Negroes of the Southern States they cannot always ensure bread. " A good deal is made of the fifty-two cases of positive starvation in London during a year, and these are formidable enough if they are taken as an indication of the numbers who do not quite starve, but it seems that these extreme cases have a certain spectacular value. Mr. Washington's desire in investigating the state of the most degraded of Europeans is to render a service to his own race. 'There are not a few Negroes who sometimes become discouraged and feel that their condition and prospects are worse than those of any other group of human beings. I wanted to see groups of people who are much worse oft than the Negro, and, through detailing their condition, place such facts before the Negro in America as would make him feel and see that, instead of being the worst off, his condition and prospects are much better than those of millions of people who are in the same relative stage of civilization.' "This betrays a dreadfully unscientific spirit, and we should suppose that stu dents of social conditions would look with suspicion on Mr. Washington's facts; but it is moving and pathetic that a leader of a race should set out to find comfort for his fellows in the miseries of other races." Mr. John E. Milholland, whose reply to Mr. Washington in England last sum mer occasioned so much discussion, sends a long article to the Boston Guar dian. He refers to "platitudinous, nar cotic deliverances" in the Outlook, and then says, in part: "What was the issue raised by him and discussed by me? The pauperism of London? Certainly not. The awful con dition of the East End? Nothing of the kind. "Surely in this day no argument is nec essary to prove that, all in all, the Ameri can masses, black and white, are better THE CRISIS off materially—that is, in the matter of food and drink—than those of most old-world nations. This is no longer a debatable proposition. "It would have been more to the point had Mr. Washington drawn comparisons between our Negro policy, or lack of it, and the treatment of its colored population by the British people. That would have been relevant and quite in order. I am more or less familiar with the troubles in India, real or imaginary; of  the Egyptian ambition for self-government I have, some knowledge, as well as of race relations in the West Indies and Canada; and in the light of that knowledge I challenge Dr. Washington or any one else to deny that there is more oppression, injustice and cruelty witnessed in Mississippi, the Carolinas and other States, North as well as South, during one year than among all the 300 colored millions of India for a decade. "When was an Egyptian lynched by his British neighbors? When was a colored man in Hindustan burned at the stake? What disturbance do you hear of in Jamaica and why is it that in the vast territory known as British America, with all its mixed races and Indian tribes, a few hundred policemen are sufficient to maintain as perfect order as exists throughout any rural region of the civilized world? "On one point I agree with Dr. Washington, but it requires no 'official statistics' to convince people that English pauperism is a dreadful thing. The English people themselves realize it, and the unprecedented measure introduced recently in Parliament by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and accepted in principle by all political parties, evidences the national determination to grapple with the problem along the boldest lines, just as my old friend, General Booth, of the Salvation Army, urged a quarter of a century ago. "Right here is afforded the real an tithesis, the most striking contrast between the British and our own government. "In comparison with the statesmanlike efforts of England to deal with this ques tion, what have we to offer? Mob mur der without protest, lynch law as thor oughly established as though it were upon the statute books, . . . trial by jury suppressed, free speech denied, elections a farce and the Constitution in practical operation a mere sectional document! "Mr. Washington acts wisely in press ing his comparisons between the nations no further than the poorhouse or the unfortunate tramps asleep on the Thames Embankment, and it may alle viate the tortures of the next poor devil roasted at the stake down in Georgia to know that fifty-two English beggars starved to death, although they escaped his fate. "It may comfort the hundreds of petty offenders, wholly innocent victims of perverted police justice, that are now forced to disgrace humanity and shame American civilization, working by day in chain gangs and sleeping by night like beasts of the fields in stockades, to know that English paupers do not always receive sufficient food to sustain life. "It may content the one hundred and fifty thousand disfranchised colored voters of Louisiana to know that while deprived of all the rights of citizenship guaranteed to them by the Constitution of the United States, they nevertheless will have all the hog and hominy that they want to eat, and, according to Mr. Washington's version of the Scripture, I suppose that immortal psalm will hereafter read, 'Man shall live by bread alone.' " MEXICO. In the June Everybody's John A . Avirette writes of "Diaz and His Peons." He says the revolution in Mexico is a revolution of hungry men who have been taught to read and think. "It is primarily a war brought on by excessive and unequal taxation. For years the taxes have steadily risen, until the poor can no longer endure them. If a poverty-stricken peon eats his own pig he must pay a tax of two to three dollars for doing so. If he happens to own a cow, and hunger compels him to eat her, he is taxed seven dollars. This alone is indictment enough- to damn any government on earth!" Mr. Avirette thinks the abuses in Mexico were due to Diaz's advanced age and his dependence on those about him rather than to any inhumanity in the old "benevolent despot," but the order he founded is forever gone. What of this to us in the United States? asks Mr. Avirette. "It is absolutely true that Mexicans view Americans with dislike and suspi cion, notwithstanding all polite lies to the contrary. They tolerate us for two principal reasons. The first is that they are weaker than we are in armed power. The second is that they need American ability, energy and capital. "This dislike is racial and fundamental. The Anglo-Saxon and the Indian have never understood each other. . The purposeful and resistless advance of the fo rmer has first dispossessed, and then exterminated, the latter. The average Mexican is virtually an Indian and feels the menace to him of Mexico's Americanization. Mexicans have never forgiven the war by which we Americans forcibly took from them California, Ari THE N. A. A. C. P. zona, New Mexico and Texas; nor did the service we rendered them in the elimination of Maximilian balance our own earlier aggression. Like all the rest of the Spanish republics of Central and South America, they distrust the motives that inspire us when we enforce the Monroe Doctrine. For every intervention of ours to save a Venezuela from oppression by a European power they recall our share in the theft of a Panama from a Colombia. "It is also an unfortuante fact that our rough-and-ready citizens lack consideration for all dark-skinned races. W e deem them all inferiors. The expression Qf this contempt has estranged our Afro-American fellow citizens, has incensed our Mexican neighbors, and may some day involve us in a bloody war with Japan. It is a truism that contempt begets hate, and hate violence. "Mexico is officially our friend—that is, by governmental treaty. She is fundamentally our enemy, by reason of race differences, our former despoliation of her territory, and our contemptuous treatment of her citizens since, at all times. These are fundamental facts to be faced!" «J Senator Bailey, of Texas, recently made an oration in Washington in the course of which he delivered himself of the following opinions: "The race question can be solved by our being just to the Negro race, as long as they will permit it. In fact, we should be generous with them, but we must surmount the difficulty of the Negroes who want to go to the front door. The only way for the two races to live in peace to the end of time is for the Negro race to live in recognition of their inferiority. We should be generous with the colored people, I repeat, but they must never expect a place at the white man's table. "The Indians, with whom the Anglo-Saxons had to contend, refused to live in peace with their white neighbors. As a result of this, they were forced to the east and west coasts of their former dominions, and are now seeing the extinction of their race, as they gaze at the setting sun". If the African race repeats the folly of the red men, they will share their fate." &lt;J The Natural History Museum of this city has had an expedition in the Congo forests collecting specimens in natural history and anthropology. "The report from the anthropologist," says the Independent, of New York, "has this to say of one family of Negroes—'savages,' remember, an 'inferior' race: ."'The Mangbetu excel in their iron work; indeed, their well-forged and finely worked knives are masterpieces" of Negro blacksmithing. Their pottery in its best samples reminds one of ancient Greek work. In producing well-balanced forms of artistic finish they show a very high development. Their carved and ornamented stools, benches, figures and shields, and their hatpins of ivory may well be classed among works of art.' "That is, these Negroes compare well in their artistic culture with the Greeks of a period not long before Pericles, and are far superior to the Germans and Gauls before Roman civilization reached them." THE N. A. A. C. P. The lawyer who acted for the N. A. A. C. P. ,in the case of Henry Graham, arrested at Lakewood, New Jersey, in connection with the murder of Mrs. Turner, sends the following report to the Chairman of the Executive Committee: May 19, 1911. MR. OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD : left New York Tuesday night, May 16. On Thursday night, May 18, Graham had been released from jail without a resort to legal proceedings being necessary and was on his way to his home in Lakewood. My investigation in the latter place on May 17 convinced me that the only case which the State had against Graham in connection with this murder was that he was the only man who up to that time was known to have been near the scene of the crime at the time of its commission. He was intoxicated that morning and his story as to his movements on that day and the next contained numerous discrepancies. While there is nothing illegal in thus locking up a suspected person against whom a circumstantial case only, such as here, is made out, I feel sure that Graham was suspected and arrested in this case mainly 108 THE because he was a colored man, and it is precisely this discrimination between a black man and a white which we are trying to break up. Graham, therefore, because he was colored and because there was no one else upon whom to fasten the crime, was locked up in the Toms River jail as a material witness and was examined the first night by the public prosecutor and the detectives. From that night, however, he was left alone and received kind treatment. He had just recovered from an attack of pneumonia, and as he was not well he was given all the medical attention which was necessary. I am able to state positively that there has been no element of the "third degree" in this case. On Wednesday evening I proceeded to Toms River, and in the absence of the public prosecutor, Mr. Theodore J. R. Brown, I saw his assistant, Mr. W. Howard Jeffrey. You will be more than pleased to know that Mr. Jeffrey recalled at once the work of the National Association in connection with the As-bury Park and Georgetown cases, which he said had been noted by the criminal authorities throughout this section of the State. He intimated that he had-anticipated my arrival in connection with this case, and that Graham had been treated accordingly. As a matter of professional courtesy he requested me not to take any steps looking toward the release of Graham until he could place me in touch with the prosecutor himself. We reached the prosecutor in New York by. telephone next morning, and he made an appointment to see me in Toms River at noon. Mr. Jeffrey went up by the early morning train to meet him. Mr. Brown failed to arrive in Toms River by the noon train, and as I was waiting in my hotel for the arrival of the .next train, the sheriff came in and informed me that Mr. Brown had rushed over from Lakewood by automobile and had stayed just long enough to release Graham, and to leave the message for me that Graham would not be molested again unless a genuine case was made out against him. Graham in the meantime had started to walk twelve miles to Lakewood. This was about 4:30 on Thursday afternoon. I learned in Lake-wood last night that Graham's wife had heard from him and was expecting him in the course of the evening. I arranged with Mr. Matthews, the colored minister in Lakewood, to inform Dr. DuBois or myself of any further developments in the case unfavorable to Graham. C. AMES BROOKS. The following letter, received from the accused man and his wife, we feel that CRISIS we should share with the friends of the National Association: LAKEWOOD, N. J., May 29, 1911. DR. W. E. B. DUBOIS: . DEAR SIR— You will please pardon me for not writing before this, but I have been in a state of joy and gladness to the extent of my life until I could not compose myself to write. I wish to thank you and the firm which you repre sent of law and the representative which you sent down to Toms River, N . J., and secured my husband's (Henry Graham) freedom from the charge of knowing something of the death of one Mrs. Charles T. Turner, whose body was found here in the woods in April. M y husband was innocent and you proved him to be as soon as you took up the case. He and I wish to thank you again for your kindness and good work done. I shall make a donation to the firm, that the good work may go on. Everything is quiet now, and though my husband has been sick since coming home he is better now. And when I leave this land for heaven, my home, I will you, and this deed of justice, remem ber. With best wishes, I remain, Yours very truly, ANNIE and HENRY GRAHAM. The horrible lynching at Lake City, Florida, was at once investigated by the Association. The following account was secured from a prominent educator in Florida, and was sent to forty papers, in various parts of the country: Secretary of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People: In reply to your note seeking information as to the facts in the case of the Lake City, Fla., murder on the 20th inst., I beg to make the following statement of facts as far as I have been able to learn them: The apparent origin of the trouble was a neighborhood quarrel between a white man and a Negro over a trivial matter resulting in a murderous assault on the part of the white man upon the Negro who took the pistol away from his assailant. The matter came up in the Justice of the Peace Court, in which the Negro was exonerated. It appears that the white man (or men) renewed the quarrel, even to the extent of entering the yard of the Negro (Norris by name), where the shooting affray occurred, resulting in the death of one white man and in the wounding of another. Norris and his associates (members of his immediate family and THE N. A. a few neighbors) stood guard over the body of the dead man, allowing no one to approach except the dead man's wife, until the sheriff arrived to whom he and his companions surrendered. He, together with two sons, son-inlaw and two neighbors were brought to the Tallahassee jail, fifteen miles from the scene of the trouble. Fearing mob violence, the sheriff, contrary to the advice of the Governor it appears, sent them to the Live Oak jail, eighty miles away, where they stayed one night only. Thence they were taken to Lake City, 106 miles from Tallahassee and 26 miles from Live Oak. By ruse as per telegraphic reports, these six men were taken from the jail and shot to death in the suburbs of the town by a dozen men—three automobile loads of persons unknown and from unknown places. Of course the air is full of rumors; but, like rumors, the information given is more or less unreliable. The upper House of the Legislature, now in session, has voted a reward of $5,000 for the arrest with evidence to convict the guilty parties. It is more than probable that the lower House will concur. The better elements of the whites throughout the State are thoroughly aroused over this especially heinous crime; and it may be that there will be a serious effort made to bring the assas sins into court. These are the bare facts inthe case, as I have been able to gather them from conversation and from local papers. On May 31 a number of organizations, including the National Association, represented by Dr. Wm. A. Sinclair, secured an audience with President Taft and presented a resolution against lynching. After detailing the series of terrible lynchings—eleven in three weeks—"-that had been permitted in the South, the resolution declared: "We believe that the time has come when the Chief Executive of the nation —into whose hands have been committed the enforcement of the laws and the preservation of the rights of all the people—should call the attention of Congress to this awful reign of lawlessness and murder, and recommend that appropriate legislation be enacted for the protection of life, liberty and property in every part of the United States, as the State governments seem impotent to render such protection. "And we would urgently implore your excellency to send a special message to Congress, asking that such action be taken, as will remove this foul blot which impeaches our civilization, our Christianity and the honor of our nation." The President assured the committee that he could do nothing, and that the A. C. P. 109 matter must be left to the individual States. The Committee on Federal Aid to Education has reported through its chairman, Dr. Wm . H . Maxwell, that acceptances to serve on a committee to consider the whole question of Federal aid have been received from Prof. John Dewey, Rev. Frederick Lynch, Mr. John E. Milholland, Dr. Charles H . Parkhurst, Miss Lillian D. Wald, Dr. Owen M . Waller and Dr. Stephen S. Wise. Dr. Maxwell will call a meeting in the early autumn, and ask the members to present a plan for work to the Executive Committee. The Director of Publicity and Research made, during the month of May, a lecture tour which took him as far west as Denver. He spoke at Wheeling, Cincinnati, St. Louis and Colorado Springs, addressing in all from three to four thousand people, and receiving considerable attention from the press. He is now in England for the Universal Races Congress. He has acted for that body as the American secretary for the colored races, and will give the address at the Congress on the Negro in the United States. Before sailing Dr. DuBois had made several other engagements to speak on race matters in London. He will address the West London Ethical Society, the Subject Races International Committee and the Liberal Club, and he will be entertained at dinner by the Lyceum Club. The Races Congress opens July 25. Mr. W. deForest Brush, the well-known New York artist, received a few weeks ago a call from a young colored lad who asked if he might show him some water-color paintings that he had made at his home near Charleston, W. Va. The boy produced his pictures, which Mr. Brush at once saw showed nothing short of genius. Without any instruction, except such knowledge of colors as came to him through his trade of sign painter, the Doy produced work of great delicacy, beauty and truthfulness. Mr. Brush wishes to teach the lad himself, and the Association is raising money to support the boy during his years of instruction. The Rev. John Haynes Holmes is arranging a meeting for the centenary of Wendell Phillips's birth, Nov. 29, 1911, at Plymouth Church, Brooklyn. Mr. Charles Edward Russell will be one of the speakers. The New York branch, of which Prof. J. E. Spingarn is chairman, is forming a City Vigilance Committee, with Mr. Gilchrist Stewart at its head. THE CRISIS JULY, 1911 Young Men's Christian Association Basketball Team at Washington D. C. This team mas never defeated. EDITORIAL THE FLAG. REPRESENTATIVES from a number of organizations concerned with securing justice to the Negro—among them the N . A . A. C. P.—called upon President Taft the other day in regard to the recent lynchings in Kentucky, Florida, Georgia and Oklahoma. In view of the fact that Negroes had been murdered at an average of one a day, the committee respectfully asked that the President call the attention of Congress to this reign of lawlessness and that appropriate legislation be enacted. The President received the delegates with every courtesy, but assured them that the matter of lynching must be left entirely to the individual States. There is a side to this doctrine of States rights not without interest. A black man finds his status in the United States safer if he is a British subject than if he is an American citizen. Thus, a colored woman, entering the country a year ago, was subjected to grave indignities until it was learned that her husband was a Britisher, when the attitude toward her at once changed and she was given due consideration. It would be a matter for Federal interference if black British subjects were taken from jail and used as quarry by hunting gentlemen, but black American citizens, unable to appeal to the Union Jack, are assured that the Stars and Stripes have no power to protect them from serving as living targets or from slowly burning at the stake. ALLIES. OCCASIONALLY we find in the columns of a national press, which as a rule regards the wrongs of colored citizens as "stale news" not worth printing, some really splendid argument in support of the militant position taken by this Association. What, for instance, could be more gratifying than this? It is a reprimand from the Commander-in-Chief of the army, the President himself, to a colonel who failed to advance a man on account of a prejudice against his race: "The President directs the Secretary of War to inform Col. Garrard that his attitude in this matter is strongly disapproved as contrary to the ideals and principles of this country. "Such procedure indicates not only prejudice that should not be found in an officer of his position and experience, but amounts to a failure to justly and fairly consider the merits and claims of the applicant as shown by his efficient service and excellent standing in the mental examinations. "Col. Garrard has been admonished to avoid a repetition of the action taken in this case." And read this argument against disfranchisement. Does it not deal clearly and comprehensively with the matter? It is the Saturday Evening Post of Philadelphia which speaks:. "For a hundred years they have been demonstrating that they know how to fight; and the last century of history shows that ability to fight, without some political ability, does a people little good. After each victory they remain, as before, subject to whatever mere luck may bring them of good or bad in a ruler. Excluding a people from politics . . . because they are politically inexperienced, is of a piece with keeping a child out of the water because he doesn't know how to swim." How, then, has our cause gained two great allies? Is the fold larger by two wandering • sheep ? Not so, reader. Be not too lifted up. President Taft was dealing with the case of a Jewish soldier and the Saturday EDITORIAL Evening Post was speaking of Mexico. You see, our Jewish citizens have votes, and as to Mexico, does not charity begin abroad? Good luck to the Jews—they are our best friends, and we rejoice to see them getting out of the Ghetto the Negro is just getting into. Good luck to our Indian brother in Mexico—may he find friends on every side. But it does seem odd that the rules of justice and logic should never apply in the case of the colored man right here in the United States. LEADERSHIP. A T the closing exercises of the privately endowed schools for Negroes you are impressed with the large number of graduates who tell you that they are prepared to return to the homes of their childhood, there to become leaders of their race. An d judging from the past, this prophecy will not be without fulfilment. Instead of going to a new land to seek their fortunes, like white boys and girls who have had similar advantages, many of these colored youths will return to the narrow, ugly surroundings of their former homes. They will sacrifice their personal pleasure for what they believe to be the good of the race. One cannot fail to applaud this missionary spirit, but zeal is discounted when it is coupled with an egregious sense of self-importance, and this unfortunate combination is not infrequent. "I leave these beloved walls," the valedictorian says, with a fine sweep of the hand, "to return to. my native home and become a leader of my people. I shall lift them out of the bondage of ignorance into the blessings of to-day." With this glorious resolve he returns to his people, and before the year is out is counted a nuisance by his fellow townsmen. He went as a missionary where he had not been invited, and he had not the insight to see that he must be taught by his neighbors before he attempted to teach them. Mr. T. Thomas Fortune has written admirably on the danger of the overemphasis of leadership. "Lift up yourself first," is the gist of his argument. An d while appreciating to its fullest the fine desire for helpfulness on the part of the young, educated Negro, we believe that, as far as possible, he should discount his own influence and his own place in the community as he goes about his life of service. What he needs is to gather about him those men and women in the community of best ability and highest power, to encourage all that is strong and virile in his comrades, to forget himself as he brings out the latent ability in others. If, on the other hand, he asserts his leadership, the people who could best help him will stand aside, and he will find himself surrounded only by the second rate and commonplace. That service is best that is not overwrapped with self-importance, and that leader is greatest who, like Lincoln, is not self-appointed, but is chosen by the people of a democracy. THE HIGH SCHOOL. TH E city of St. Louis has re cently built a new colored high school. The story of the accomplishment of this great work reads like a bit of intrigue at the court of the later kings of France— of so great difficulty is it for colored men to get the least public recognition. For years the colored high school was housed in the worst part of St. Louis, in the midst of white prostitutes and liquor dives; for years the colored people had to be content 'with cast-off white schoolhouses and inferior accommodations. Finally, repeated appeals for a larger and better high school brought a decision on the part of the Board of Education to enlarge the old school. A vigilance committee of six colored men, headed by Charles H . Dodge, was formed and they brought in so strong a petition that the board hesitated. They could not find or afford a site for a new school, they 114 THE complained. The committee of si" found a site, but two small property owners would not yield. The committee of six sat up half the night with them and finally themselves paid the difference in price out of their own pockets. Then the white neighbors rose in arms. The newspapers flamed, and meetings were held to keep the Negro schoolhouse out of decent quarters; finally it was planned to seize the proposed site for a park. The matter came to a vote, the Negroes 'rallied, and the project was defeated. (Does the black man need the ballot?) At last all was arranged when the chairman of the committee of six was told confidentially that the board stood six to six on the project of the new Negro high school, and that unless a certain man was won over all was lost. Dodge went to see the man. The gentleman's secretary refused him admission. Dodge went to another man and got a letter. The vote stood seven to five, and black St. Louis got a one-hundred-thousanddollar high school, the best-equipped school of its kind in the country. Moral—Heaven and St. Louis help them who help themselves. DISCRIMINATION. ANORTHERN paper defends race discrimination in this wise: " A Negro is good enough to associate with a Negro. If not, why not? Why is not a 'Jim Crow' car good enough for a Negro to ride in if it is just as good as the cars used by white people? Why is not a colored church good enough for a colored congregation ? Wh y is not a colored school good enough for colored children ? To say that they are not is to join Governor Vardaman in declaring that Negroes are an inferior and criminal people." A- red-headed man is good enough to associate with red-headed men; all persons with bald heads might be made to ride in 'special coaches; all Irishmen could be forced to go to the Irish school; cripples might be CRISIS debarred from Grace Church—why not? Because the color of neither hair nor skin, no merely physical peculiarity and no merely racial difference, is sufficient to be made a basis of far-reaching and positive discrimination and segregation in a democratic government; it is silly, and dehumanizing. If Scotch or Negro or Welsh people wish to unite in their own churches or schools that is their business ; but to force them to do so is unchristian and uncivilized. If a separation on a basis of ignorance throws more Italians in one group than in another, that is a matter of learning, not of blood, and can be cured by schools. But for a sane, decent American here in the twentieth century to encumber his paper with a defense of caste and discrimination based on nothing more than race and color shows the moral plane on which a ' certain class of Americans are living. TH E CORONATION. GEORGE V. has been duly crowned King, Emperor and so forth. There was not at the coronation any special attempt, we understand, to emphasize the fact that the British Empire is predominantly colored. The typical American is an octoroon or, counting the islands, a mulatto ; but the typical Britisher is only one-eighth white. Of the 450,000,000 of beings under the Union Jack only 54,000,000 are white. Next to them come 300,000,000 yellow, brown and black Asiatics, and British Africa with perhaps 100,000,000 blacks and mixed bloods. The coming world man is colored. For the handful of whites in this world to dream that they with their present declining birth rate can ever inherit the earth and hold the darker millions in perpetual subjection is the wildest of wild dreams. Humanity is the goal of all good, and no single race, whatever its color or deeds, can disinherit God's anointed peoples. FAMOUS COLLECE ATHLETES THE PREPARATION OF COLLEGE ATHLETES Team of the Armstrong High School, Washington, D. C. The Colored College Athlete By EDWIN B. HENDERSON Physical Director M Street and Armstrong High Schools, Washington, D. C, The colored college athlete of the past' and present bears an enviable reputation. His athletic prowess has brought him fame, his skill and courage have gained for him the respect and admiration of thousands, and it is impossible to overestimate the effect of his career upon the minds of thousands of Americans who have seen him perform or have read of his doings. The path of the Negro athlete is not strewn with roses. He must fight the prejudiced attacks of Negro-haters, whose methods are low and despicable. Fraternities often rule and hamper his efforts, so that in nearly all cases where he does win out his superiority is made evident beyond the slightest doubt. Nearly every Negro athlete of prominence in college has been a gentleman, has worn his honors with modesty, and has gained respect by playing the game and ignoring the taunts of prejudiced opponents. When competent physical directors and equal training facilities are afforded the colored youth the white athlete will find an equal or superior in nearly every line of athletic endeavor. The native muscular development and vitality of the Negro of the South, if directed in channels of athletic activities, would lower many records now standing, and our leaders should grasp the situation and develop agencies to conserve the vital forces of the race. Physical training, including athletics, should be a well-outlined course in every school for colored youth; it should not be thrown into the hand of inexperienced student control, but should be developed under the direction of a department of physical education. At least one organization, the Interscholastic Athletic Association of the Middle Atlantic States, exists for the purpose of spreading the doctrine of sound health for colored people, and has prob THE CRISIS ably done more to build up amateur athletics for the race than any other agency. To win a college letter in a. major sport is the highest honor that can befall an athlete. No more than fifteen men M. W. BULLOCK A Dartmouth Football Hero. out of a school roll of 5,000 can hope to win the honor at Harvard on the football field during a season, only twelve or fifteen may aspire to the baseball honor, while the track honor is won by fewer athletes. Many colored athletes have achieved this distinction. • Hon. William H . Lewis, now Assistant Attorney General, is considered by many the best center the game of football has known. He won his letter at Amherst, and captained the team. At Harvard his greatest reputation as a center rush was attained, and during a game with the University of Pennsylvania, he was captain of the great Harvard eleven. Napoleon Marshall, a lawyer of Washington, D. C., was a runner of no mean ability, and won his letter in track work at Harvard. Matthews, the famous shortstop, was undoubtedly the best man on the baseball team at Harvard University, and many a game was won through his work with the stick. Every University of Pennsylvania student and alumnus knows of the late John B. Taylor, the runner whose record for the quarter mile of 48 4-5 seconds still stands untouched. Dr. Howard Smith, of Baltimore, was anchor man on the famous two-mile relay team of the University of Pennsylvania. Ernest Marshall, now physical director at Howard University, was captain of the Exeter track team, and won his Williams College letter as a member of the football team. Amherst has ever owed a large part of her fame to colored men. W. T. S. Jackson, of M Street High School in Washington, won his letter in football, baseball and on the track. His record for the half mile and quarter mile stood for many years as a school mark. "Heine" Bullock, of Andover, was considered one of the greatest fullbacks ever seen, and was a star track performer. Charley Watkins was another high-class football player at Andover. To suit many purposes Johnson, the famous Carlisle quarterback of Glenn Warner's redskin eleven, whose generalship caused the overthrow of many a big four team, was not generally known to be a Negro. In the University of Vermont a colored lad, Watkins by name, was captain of the football team. Ayler, of Brown, more than once thrilled the souls of thousands of Brown men with spectacular dashes and tackles on the gridiron. Up in the Hanoverian hills N. B. MARSHALL Who Distinguished Himself on Harvard's Track Team Matthew Bullock was a hero for four years. He was undoubtedly one of the best end rushes that Dartmouth has ever had, and his fame will live in the hearts of Dartmouth men. FAMOUS COLLEGE ATHLETES 157 feet with the hammer, 26 seconds in the low hurdles, and over 21 feet with the broad jump. WILLIAM C. MATTHEWS' Harvard's Famous Shortstop In the West, Oberlin College has had need of the skill, brawn and brains of the Negro. Merton Robinson for three years won the college letter, as catcher on the baseball nine, and last year his younger brother, Howard, finished a three years' position as catcher. These, two brothers are the only colored men who have played on the baseball team. W. Washington was a celebrated halfback on the . Oberlin team back in the nineties, and Pat Brown was given the record of tfie best guard in Ohio last year. Principal Ed. C. Williams, of M Street High School, of Washington, was a star college baseball player, and his feats on the diamond still live in the memory of the athletes of Western .Reserve. He also won the century event in impressive fashion as a track athlete. Dan Fairfax and Ted Green were two college athletes whose fame as gridiron warriors was heralded throughout Ohio. Minnesota State College lends a bright star to the array of football lights; Marshall, all-western end for two years and head coach of the Minnesota team, was one of the most versatile of all players of the Western Conference teams. Jewett, back in the nineties, was the great fullback of the Michigan University team. Of the Negroes in the limelight today, we have at Harvard a man whose feats will soon bring him into public notice. This athlete. Cable, has done Leonard Lapslcy at the University has had the grit and nerve to withstand the attacks of race prejudice, and is showing good form in the sprint events. Fred White, of the University of Pennsylvania, during the past season captured first place in the fifty-yard dash at the indoor games of the Middle Atlantic A. A. U., held on Young's Pier, in Atlantic City. John Pinkctt, of Amherst, is an athlete whose ability has overshadowed all others in athletic performances. Two years ago he was the only man at his college to win a place in the New England Intercollegiates, and for two seasons has been considered the best man in New England playing center. His playing has compared favorably with his famous predecessor, Lewis. Ed Gray, of Howard University, another former M Street High School boy, created a sensation during his stay at Amherst by being chosen the third all-American halfback, and is now considered the best halfback in the South. There are many colored athletes in the secondary schools and colleges of the South whose names will yet find a place with the names of former great athletes on the roll of honor. P LEONARD LAPSLEY Of the University of Michigan THE JOHN PINKETT Of Amherst In Washington there are a few scholastic athletes soon bound to be heard of in collegiate circles. H . B. Desmond and Henry George, of Howard Academy; James Burwell, of Armstrong Technical High School, and Cyrus Miller, of M Street High School, have registered times and distances equivalent to the best marks done by secondary school athletes in these States. Baltimore and Washington have organized public schools athletic leagues of young colored Americans, which will result in an even better class of athletes in the future. Schools for colored youth are slowly realizing the necessity for physical training as a means of preserving healthy conditions among students and of creating school traditions which add to the power of these institutions for good. Baseball and football teams alone have occupied the athletic field in our colored colleges in the past, but now in many places other branches of athletics ,are taking root. Competition is getting keener and better athletes are resulting. "Mat" Bullock, now instructing at Atlanta Baptist College, is responsible for the collegiate track meets held for the CRISIS past three years in Atlanta, while men like W. A. Joiner, G. C. Wilkinson, R. N. Mattingly, W. A. DeCatur are responsible for the splendidly controlled system of athletics conducted in the Middle Atlantic States through the co-operation of the schools composing the Interscholastic Athletic Association. Among the leading collegiate athletes of the schools in this section are many whose ability places them in the ranks of the stars of the country. Terry, of Howard University, as halfback; Barco, formerly of Union University and Howard University, as a quarterback and shortstop; Branch, a tackle of Lincoln University, and Oliver, a crack basketball forward of Howard University, have but few peers. Our universities and colleges have been hampered through the general ignorance existing in regard to the value and place of physical education in institutions of learning, but conditions are now improving. When Howard University, Lincoln University, Hampton Institute, Shaw University and Southern colleges decide to adopt rules of eligibility EDWARD GRAY Of Howard THE LITTLE KINGDOM OF SALT of players in line with more modern schools, and when athletics are assured a fitting place in the curriculum of school work, the Negro college athlete will measure stride for stride with the record holders of the world in all classes of athletic performance. Let our leaders encourage development in this field and no race will show to better advantage in fair and clean competition. THE M STREET HIGH SCHOOL TEAM, WASHINGTON, D. C. Many of these boys are now distinguishing themselves in college athletics The Little Kingdom of Salt TH E heart of the desert of Sahara there is a tiny oasis, about six miles long and two broad. Here lives and prospers a curious community of black men whose little kingdom has hardly ever been visited by the whites. They number only about 600, and are hundreds of miles from any other civilization, but they are quite content, for they possess what is to them inexhaustible wealth in their salt wells. Just as. vessels stop at little coaling stations, so great caravans of' camels stop at the oasis of Agram and take up the salt in return for provisions and other necessities. Sometimes as many as 14,000 camels a year halt there on their way across the desert. Commandant Mowret, commander of the Twenty-first Regiment of the French Colonial Infantry, has contributed to the Monde Illustre of Paris a most interesting account of this odd little spot. He says when the massive outlines of an immense caravan are discerned in the distance the natives of the village are ecstatic with joy. Life and abundance are approaching. During the two or three days that the caravan tarries they are assiduously courted and feted. The business of barter is carried on at the salt wells and in the village all is bustle and animation, by night and by day, while the salt is being made up into packages and loaded. A n extraordinary uproar fills the air, compounded of the sounds of singing, dancing and quarreling, the loud beat of the tom-tom, 120 THE and the strange groans and cries of the thousands of camels tethered against the walls of the village, which, by the way, is called Zinder. Then the merchants depart and the oasis settles into its former peace and calm. But there is a constant fear of less attractive visitors—marauders eager to A MERCHANT OF THE DESERT despoil the villagers of their wealth. The inhabitants of Fachi have adopted an .organization which is strikingly original, and, Commandant Mowret believes, not to be found anywhere else in Black Africa. It effectually protects them from disaster. Within the interior of the village they have built a vast rectangular enclosure flanked by a tower at each corner. This rectangle is about 240 feet long by 150 feet wide. The walls are some 36 feet high and 12 feet thick at the base. These walls are built with stones brought from the rocky mountains which border the oasis on the east, mixed with natron from the salt wells and even with blocks of salt, the whole cemented with clay. Loop holes run along the walls and the facades of the towers. In the interior of the inclosure a covered gallery is built along the whole of the inner walls. In the center of the open court thus inclosed is a well giving abundance of fresh water. Within this court are rows of sun-dried earthen vessels in the form of huge jars provided with lids made of clay or ingeniously plaited straw. These jars rest on bases of wood or clay, which CRISIS prevent contact with the ground. In them are stored the grain—rice, millet, sorghum, maize—received in exchange for the salt. The covered gallery receives more perishable provisions, such as butter, fat, dried meat and vegetables, as well as garments, pieces of cloth and utensils of various kinds. A single opening gives access to the interior of the inclosure. It is closed by a solid gate made of thick planks and kept carefully locked and bolted. The key is held by a special guard, designated by the chief of the tribe. This guard sleeps inside and-is responsible for the safety of the property. This arrangement enables the inhabitants to have only a few days' provisions and the most necessary tools and clothing in their own houses. Thus each family is exposed to the minimum loss from chance thieves or bands of bandits, and such loss may be promptly made good from the general store. The ingenuity of this tribe is shown elsewhere by their method of preserving their supplies—a matter of capital importance since the uncertainties and dangers of desert travel may lpng delay the arrival of an expected caravan. The meat is dried as in other regions of Central Africa, but vegetables are conserved after a method of their own invention. Onions, beans, spinach and other native vegetables are dried and then compressed into a sort of hard, dry cake, so solid that neither air nor humidity can penetrate it, thus insuring its "keeping." When needed for use these cakes are broken into fragments and soaked in water till the vegetables assume their original form. When bands of robbers are espied, threatening spoliation, or even capture and slavery, the entire populace takes refuge within the walls of the fort. The women and children and the aged occupy the court and the gallery, while the able-bodied men man the walls and towers to repel the invaders or lie sheltered on the roof of the gallery. A siege can never be of long duration, since scant provisions are left outside, and such as the enemy may have brought with him could hardly equal those within the fort. The habits of order and economy among these people and the necessity of carefully preserving property so hardly acquired has developed not only their intelligence and power of initiative, but their sense of solidarity or commercial welfare in a very high degree. Beggars are quite unknown in the community. Every inhabitant is part proprietor of the public property, represented by the salt wells, the date palms and the gardens. There is always food for every one, more or less plentiful, to be sure, as trade is good or bad. WOMEN'S CLUBS CARING FOR YOUNG WOMEN. By Mrs. W. A. HUNTON MBS. ELIZABETH BOSS HAYNES The Young Women's Christian Association is no longer an experiment, but has fully proven itself one of the keys to most satisfactory success in the attainment of all that is highest and best in the fourfold nature of womanhood. It is constantly demonstrating its wonderful adaptability to meet the varying conditions and needs of each generation of women. It is not strange, therefore, that many of the intelligent colored women have been quick to discern the magnificent opportunity offered by this movement for the solution of their problems. Some four years ago, while the new national board of Young Women's Christian Associations of the United States decided to extend its manifold supervision to the work being done for colored young women, a representative was sent to study that particular field. Among other facts ascertained, it was noted that in fourteen of our educational institutions, associations for young women had been organized, although hardly half that number were doing any effective work. Several city associations had likewise been launched, but only four were doing anything appreciable along Association lines. , . In the spring of 1908 Miss Elizabeth Ross was called by the national board to be the first student secretary for work among colored women, and, after some special preparation, began her vigorous and remarkably successful labors the following fall. Whether at conferences at Silver Bay, on beautiful Lake George, or at work at headquarters in New York, or in college visiting, the magnetic personality of this young woman left its impress, and has proven of inestimable value in these pioneer days of Association effort. She has demonstrated by her splendid powers the possibility of our college-trained girls serving their generation in a new and important movement for the salvation of womanhood. Student conferences were held within two years at Talladega College, Claflin, Tougaloo and Fisk universities, and fifty-two student organizations, in as many educational . institutions, quickly supplanted the fourteen found in 1908. Those who were fortunate enough to attend the Fisk Conference and to sit in the various sessions, hearing methods expounded and reports read by the enthusiastic student delegates, or who could watch the sea of eager responsive student faces as they sat under the spell of those last hours .in the Meharry Auditorium, will never doubt the beneficent influence of the Association movement on the lives of the thousands of young women now in school. The magnificent possibilities of the Association are most naturally presented first of all to the student world because it is from the output of our higher educational institutions that we look for leadership in this great movement. From this rank we must choose the Association secretary, or, better stated, the executive—a woman who knows and has great sympathy for girls—who is able to comprehend and meet the needs in the spiritual, social, educational and economic conditions that surround her. Our largest need at present is not more associations, although that need at several centers is alarmingly pressing. We must first find trained leaders. To that end three young colored women, graduates respectively of Radcliffe, Hartshorn and Fisk, will spend the summer months at the Na THE CRISIS tional Training School, New York City, preparing for future service in Association work. The city Association presents a field of immense opportunity, as yet, scarcely appreciated. Four years ago we reported four Associations; we must now mention five others, with beginnings in several additional cities, and calls for organization coming from still other cities. For want of close supervision, intelligent volunteer service and money, the problem of maintaining a city Association is a difficult one; but the results already attained in New York, Brooklyn, Baltimore, Washington, Norfolk and St. Paul prove, without doubt, the possibility and value of the movement. The New York Association, providing rooms which are constantly filled with girls and women from other cities, finding employment daily for those who seek it, offering opportunities for classwork and emphasizing the value of practical Christianity in a girl's life, has already overtaxed its present quarters, and is demanding a large and well-equipped building to do a greater work for the restless, surging army of women of that great metropolis. In Brooklyn the home life and social atmosphere are the chief charms, and they are so strong that its building is constantly crowded, and one appeals often vainly for room and board. Girls from New England, Canada, Colorado, California, Missouri, Georgia, Florida and the Carolinas have lived in this home and returned to their own distant homes full of praise for the Brooklyn Association. Last year 110 women found permanent positions through this Association, while 544 were given day or temporary employment. Baltimore owns its building and is doing a work similar in its influence and results to New York, with much stress placed on the Christian life and usefulness of its members. In Washington the women have paid more than two-thirds of the purchase price of their home, and have thoroughly established themselves in the confidence of the public by their fine business acumen and high ideals. The Norfolk Association, co-operating with the Travelers' Aid and Protective Association, is meeting a long-felt need of that seaport town in giving its large number of migratory young women respectable and comfortable rooms, and it has a wonderful opportunity to pour something of moral and spiritual fragrance into their lives. In one year 702 steamers and trains were met and 479 girls assisted in various ways. So effective has been the work of this association that its very strong president, Mrs. Laura E. Titus, who has been one of the foremost leaders in all reform and social movements of her State, was invited to active membership in the white Association of social workers of Norfolk and vicinity and was accorded every courtesy. This is surely a long step in advance in the annals of Virginia. St. Paul, although in the far northwest, has realized the value of Association work, and is calling to the national board for a trained secretary. Miss Cecelia Holloway, a young college woman of exceptional ability and strong personality, assumed the position of Student Secretary of the National Board last fall, when Miss Ross became Mrs. Haynes, and has been following the lead of her predecessor with splendid results. The city work, under the supervision of Mrs. Haynes and the writer, has reached a psychological point in its development that will present in the near future some very positive results in increased volunteer service on the part of our public-spirited women, in a more enthusiastic response to the call of the secretaryship by our best-educated young women, and larger facilities in buildings and equipment. AN EVENING IN THE NEW YORK ASSOCIATION THE BURDEN COLORED MEN LYNCHED WITH OUT TRIAL. 1885. 78 1898 102 1886. 71 1899 84 1887. 80 1900 107 1888. 95 1901. 107 1889. 95 1902. SO 1890. 90 1903. 86 1891. 121 1904. S3 1892. 155 1905. 01 1893. 154 1906. 04 1894. 134 1907. 00 1895. 112 1908. 93 1896. SO 1909. 73 1897. 122 1910. 05 Total 2,458 The Outlook prints from "a Southern Correspondent" an account of the recent lynching of six colored men in Florida. The communication bears out information received by the National Association and reported under the N. A. A. C. P. notes. After telling the story of the forged telegram the correspondent continues: "The boy in charge of the jail at once opened the doors to these men, and the Negroes were told that the men had come to save them from a mob by taking them to another jail. The Negroes were bound with ropes and went gladly with their captors, whom they hailed as their saviors. Shortly afterward the good people of Lake City were aroused by long-continued firing of rifles and revolvers, and a few hours later the Negroes were found in a nearby swamp, dead, and their bodies mangled beyond recognition by bullets. The automobiles had disappeared and have not been heard of since. "Two days later Governor Gilchrist was represented as being much disturbed over the incident, when the wives and kindred of the six Negroes went to him to learn the authentication of the rumors they had heard. One of the papers commented upon the 'tearless stolidity' of these Negro women. The Governor demanded a full report from the absentee sheriff, and offered a reward of $250 for each of the three men who had deceived the sheriff's son. There was no notice of any reward offered for other members of the lynching party. "Governor Gilchrist seems not to have taken any further interest in the matter, possibly being occupied with the endeavor to find reasons for his veto of the bill passed by the Legislature to abolish the infamous convict lease system of the State, for Florida retains, by the act of the Governor, this relic of barbarism. The Legislature, however, took some notice of the incident. A bill was introduced in the Senate offering a reward of $5,000 for the arrest of the members of the lynching party, and to this the Senator from Columbia County proposed an amendment making his county immune from the possible consequences of the lynching of the Leon County prisoners. "During the debate there were several humorous allusions to the fact that the lynching party probably came from Georgia, the Georgia line being some thirty miles distant from Lake City. The Jacksonville Times-Union had a mild editorial deprecating the lynching, but the humor of the incident, the fact that the lynching party came to the jail in automobiles, loomed larger in the editorial mind than the tragedy itself. I have been able to find only one Florida paper of importance, the Tampa Tribune, which treats the affair as it would ordinarily be treated in civilized communities anywhere in the world. It says, among other things: 'The Tribune will have no excuses to offer, nor will any other Florida paper, when Florida is taxed with this outrage by the Northern press.' The Tribune thinks that five of the men who were murdered were 'probably innocent.' Neverthless, the Tribune's fears that Florida would be taxed with this outrage by the Northern press seem to have been largely without justification. The lynching of Negroes, guilty or innocent, has become so common that the news of it is not now always carried by the press associations, and editorial comment has become a rarity. "Of course, if any one were in earnest about the matter, these lynchers could be detected. Automobiles on the sandy roads of Floria leave their trails. A forged telegram would give a valuable clue to a good detective. The sheriff's son gave a good description of the five men. Does any one imagine that if Detective" Burns, for example, were put upon the trail of these cold-blooded murderers, he would not be able to find them? It should be noted also that this lynching was not for 'the usual crime.' Indeed, it would be hard to say now what is ,the usual crime for which Negroes are lynched. " A few weeks ago a popular and beloved officer of Emanuel County, Georgia, was killed, and a Negro, presumably 124 THE guilty, was hanged by a lynching party. The editor of the Swainsboro Forest Blade referred to the lynching party as a 'mob,' and for this he was gently taken to task by one of his readers in the following letter: 'Please allow me to say that I, for one, do not like to hear our good citizens who hang up a worthless Negro and riddle his hide with bullets for snooting down one of our worthy officers, without provocation, as did the black brute in Swainsboro on the night of the 12th instant, referred to as a "mob." I understand the word "mob" to mean a disorderly crowd, riotous assemblage, etc., and the paper stated that the "mob" dispersed quietly as they had gathered—a little strange procedure for a "mob," don't you think? The word "mob" has a bad sound to me, and I am sure, had I been with those who saved the expense of feeding and sheltering that black fiend by the county, I would not have enjoyed being termed a part of a "mob." ' "To which the editor rejoins: 'It is true, the crowd did not make any great demonstration, and it was as orderly as could be expected under the circumstances.' "To this we have come, then, in the South—that the murdering of six black CRISIS men, 'five of them probably innocent,' is taken as a matter of course, without unfavorable comment by the press of the State in which the murder occurs; that in another State a citizen, able to read and write, resents the use of the word 'mob' as applying to 'the good citizens who hang up a worthless Negro,' and he regards murder by the mob as an economy, since thereby the feeding and sheltering of a prisoner are saved his county. The name of the county is 'Emanuel.' "Is 'God with us' still, or has he turned his face away? Do we fear the Lord no longer, nor dread to bear the mark of Cain? Is it not time that organs of civilization in America were beginning again to take notice of this national sin of lawless murder? Certainly it cannot be said that the mob takes the law into its own hands in these cases for fear that justice will be denied by the courts. I do not claim that the Negro does not get justice generally, but he is certainly not likely to escape the just penalty of the law when he has murdered a white man and the administration of the law is in the hands of white men. In view of these two of the many recent instances of mob murder, I have felt that some voice should be raised in protest." WHAT TO READ BOOKS. Chailley, Joseph—"Administrative Problems of British India." Macmillan. The book gives a complete survey, though summary in part, of religious, social, economic and political conditions in India, including, also, such topics as caste, codes of law and education. Gerderner, G. B. A.—"Studies in the Evangelization of South Africa." Longmans. Grubb, W. Barbrooke—"Unknown People in an Unknown Land." Lippincott. An account of a tribe of Indians in South America. Johnston, Sir Harry—"Britain Across the Seas—Africa: A History and Description of the British Empire in Africa." London: National Society's Depository. Kellicott, William Erskine—"Social Direction of Human Evolution." Apple-ton. A n essay based upon three lectures delivered at Oberlin College in 1910 whose aim is to state briefly and suggestively in simple, matter-of-fact terms the present status of the science of eugenics. Ovington, Mary White—"Half a Man: The Status of the Negro in New York." Longmans. In the "Foreword" of "Half a Man," Dr. Franz Boas of Columbia University says, "Miss Ovington's description of the .status of the Negro in New York City is based on a most painstaking inquiry into his social and economic conditions, and brings out in the most forceful way the difficulties under which the race is laboring, even in the large cosmopolitan population of New York. It is a refutation of the claims that the Negro has equal opportunity with the whites, and that his failure to advance more rapidly than he has is due to innate inability." Wilkinson, William Cleaver—-"Daniel Webster: A Vindication." Funk. Prof. Wilkinson of the University of Chicago in his initial essay shows that Daniel Webster is to be praised, not blamed, for his seventh of March speech, and for his support of the Fugitive Slave Law. WHAT TO READ PERIODICALS. Ashley, Clifford W.—" A Corner in Four-Posters." Scribner's, June. Beymer, William Gilmore—"Miss Van Lew." Harper's, June. Miss Van Lew, a Richmond woman, was a spy for the Federal government. General Grant wrote to her, "Yo u have sent me the most valuable information received from Richmond during the war." Brooks, R. P.—"A Local Study of the Race Problem: Race Relations in the Eastern Piedmont Region of Georgia." Political Science Quarterly, June. Bruere, Robert W.—"Hospital Social Service." Harper's, June. Jones. Samuel B.—"The British West Indian Negro: Reconstruction." Southern Workman, June. King, General Charles—"The Volunteer Soldier of 1861." Review of Reviews, June. Ritzman, M . E.—"Woman's Life in Africa." The Missionary Review, June. Sledd, Andrew—"The Dismissal of Prof. Banks." Independent, May 25. Speers, M . W . F.—"Negro Songs and Folk-Lore." The Journal of American Folk-Lore, Oct.-Dec, 1910. Stowe, Charles Edward—"Harriet Beecher Stowe: Friend of the South." Outlook, June 10. Thomas, David Y.—"Southern Non-Slaveholders in the Election of 1860." Political Science Quarterly, June. Tourtellot, Ida A.—"The Conference for Education in the South." Southern Workman, June. Washington, Booker T.—"How Denmark Has Taught Itself Prosperity and Happiness." World's Work, June. Washington, Booker T.—"Life and Labor on the Continent." Outlook, May 13. Washington, Booker T.—"Races and Politics." Outlook, June 3. "The Contribution of the Negro to Human Civilization." Alexander FranciB Chamberlain, Assistant Professor of Anthropology, Clark University, Worcester. Mass. The Journal of Race Development. April. We give below a few of Prof. Chamberlain's illuminating statements in the Journal of Race Development, and we recommend the article in which they appear to the readers of T HE CRISIS. "Only individuals immune to the teachings of evolution could imagine that a race, millenniums old, and numbering today, after centuries of more or less brutal contact with the whites, more than 150,000,000, could have existed or could continue to exist, without in the slightest influencing the currents of human thought and action. It is with eyes blind to the results of the most recent investigations of the origin and the development of Negro culture in Africa, and to the achievements of the race in other parts of the globe that such people content themselves with repeating words of prejudiced origin, which have long since lost significance, and with seeing in the Negro only a beast or a half-man." Concerning the political and social organization of the Negro peoples of Africa the author writes as follows: "The comparison of Negro Africa with contemporary Medieval Europe is most interesting and convincing here. The sociological and political phenomena in both regions of the globe at that time are strikingly similar. Parallels for the feudal system, the rise and development of the judiciary, the evolution of international law, the role of the market and the fair, and many other things could as well be studied in the one as in the other. The rise of innumerable small States and their ultimate consolidation into large kingdoms and extensive empires are equally characteristic of both. Negro Africa, too, at this period, and since then also, has in like manner produced kings and political organizers, who have been men of genius possessing great personalities, and ranking in character and ability with the princes and sovereigns of Europe at the time. Men like King Askia of Songhai and Bello, the Sultan of Katsena, who has been called 'the Napoleon of the Sudan,' deserve rank among the great figures of the world's history." In regard to the art of the Negroes in Africa the writer says: "Far from possessing no art, the African Negroes have created some of the most beautiful art objects to be found in any museum in the wide world. Dr. Frobenius, in his study of African civilizations, says: 'The real African need by no means resort to the rags and tatters of bygone European splendor. ' He has precious ornaments of his own, of ivory and feathers, fine plaited willowware, weapons of superior workmanship.' "The ars artium, however, of Negro Africa is the use of iron. The question of the origin of the art of iron-smelting is now being treated in detail by ethnologists, and, while general agreement has not been reached, the mass of evidence so far disclosed has convinced eminent men of science that the smelting of iron was first discovered by the African Negroes, from whom, by way of Egypt and Asia Minor, this art made its way into Europe and the rest of the Old World." Sir Harry Johnston, writing in Nature (London) for March, says that the pygmies of Africa, if taken from the forest and subjected to other conditions of living, will after two or three genera-, tions develop a stature much nearer that of the average man. 126 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER WHERETO STOP tj Our readers are urged to use these columns in outlining their vacation and travel plans. These hotels and stopping places are modern in every sense, and the traveling public is assured comfort and efficient service. tj For detailed information concerning resorts and hotels write The Travel Editor oi The Crisis, 20 Vesey St., New York NEW YORK CITY MARSHALL'S HOTEL 127-129 Wes t 53d Street NEW YOEK CITY COMFORT — Large , airy rooms, offering genuine home comforts plus the conveniences and privileges of a modern hotel. SERVICE — I n the hotel and dining room the "Marshall" service is an exceptional feature, which assures comfort and pleasure for our patrons. Restaurant open all night. Cuisine to satisfy the most discriminating VOCAL AND INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC EVERY EVENING" Breakfast, 7:30 to 12:30, 30c. Luncheon, 12:30 to 3. 30c. Dinner. 6 to 8, 35c. Special Course Dinner Every Sunday and Holidays, 50c. Telephones 4693 - 4694 Columbus J- L. MARSHALL, Proprietor THE CLIFF HOUSE ''A quiet place for quiet people to dine'' "THE BRADFORD" 253 WEST 134TH STREET 73 WEST 134TH STREET NEWLY OPENED Between .Fifth and Lenox Avenues NEW YORK Oysters, Chops, Steaks, Rarebits, Salads, Club sient guests. Special attention to out-of-town Special summer rates to permanent or tran Sandwiches, Etc. Regular Dinner, 25c, from tourists. Up-to-date private house in every 2 p. m. to 9 p. m. Meals Served at All Hours. Private Dining Room. Furnished Rooms To respect. Telephone connection. Let. Permanent or Transient. MRS. W. E. PERKINS, Prop. JOHN E. BRADFORD, Proprietor Telephone 4121 Harlem THE ALLEN HOUSE "THE IDLE HOUR" 62 WEST 132D STREET Mrs. P. Brown SELECT, NEATLY FURNISHED ROOMS HANDSOME FURNISHED ROOMS All Improvements With All Improvements Wash-rooms, hot and cold water in every room Permanent and Transient Guests Accommodated FOR RENT BY DAY OR WEEK MEALS SERVED AT ALL HOURS Prices Moderate 77 WEST 134TH STREET NEW YORK MRS. M. A. ANDERSON JOHNSON Telephone 3593-L Harlem THE ROSALINE HOTEL PRESS Formerly The Walker House 128 WEST 29TH STREET NEW YORK First-class Rooms by Day or Week FURNISHED ROOMS Buffet Caf6 and Restaurant Connected Large Parlors To Let for Receptions BY DA Y OR WEE K 19-21 WEST 135TH STREET NEW YORK EDWARD D. SMALL, Proprietor J. H. PRESS, Manager Telephone 5395 Chelsea THE TEN EYCK HOUSE FURNISHED ROOMS 232 WEST 20TH STREET BY DAY, WEEK OR MONTH Between 7th and 8th Avenues NE W YOR K Convenient to the Pennsylvania Neatly Furnished Rooms for Permanent Depot and All Car Lines or. Transient Guests by Day or Week 245 WEST 20TH STREET NEW YORK MRS. THOMAS L. TEN EYCK, Proprietress MRS. L. D. LAWS, Proprietress Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 127 WHER E T O STOP—(Continued) HARLEM PRIVATE HOUSE Furnished rooms to let for gentlemen only. Hot and cold water in everv room. MRS. BERRY L. HICKS, Proprietress 258 WEST 133D STREET NEW YORK Four doors from Eighth Avenue Telephone 3939-W Harlem MRS. ALFRED HARPER FURNISHED ROOMS BY THE WEEK OR MONTH 15 WEST 132D STREET NEW YORK THE SOUTHERN RESTAURANT 2229 FIFTH AVENUE Between 135th and 136th Streets NE W YOR K We are prepared to give first-class service at a very reasonable rate. Real home cooking. Come and be convinced. Our motto is to please you. Meals at all hours. MRS. J. M. RIDDICK, Proprietress THE VIRGINIA HOUSE MRS. MARY E. HILL, Proprietress NEATLY FURNISHED ROOMS ' Good Old Southern Cooking "Just Like Home" 37 WEST 133D STREET NEW YORK IS YOUR HOTEL LISTED IN THIS DIRECTORY ? IF NOT, WRITE US FOR RATES. 'Phone 2877 Lenox Slljtl* fi0B? forkin g (girls' iSfomr 217 EAST 86TH STREET Bet. Second and Third Avenues Pleasant temporary lodgingB for working girls, with privileges, at reasonable rates. The Home solicit! orders for working dresses, aprons, etc. Address: MRS FRANCES R. KEYSER, Supt. NEW HOTEL CAPE MAY, This magnificent four-story structure, with every modern convenience, has just been completed at a cost of $50,000. It is, without exception, the finest and most complete hostelry in the United StateB for the accommodation of our race. It is located on the highest elevation in the heart of the residence portion of cool Cape May. The view from the hotel is magnificent; on the front, overlooking the celebrated golf links, the vista stretcheB away to take in the beautiful driveways and farms of the inland section of the Cape. The rear commands an extensive view of the harbor and sea.. The invigorating ocean breezes reach every section of the hotel. The interior of this hotel may be described as the acme of luxury, comfort and elegance. The Hotel Dale contains one hundred light, airy and luxuriously furnished rooms with every modern convenience. Electric lights throughout the entire house. Suites with bath and long distance telephone connections. The elegantly furnished dining room is operated under both European and American plans. The cuisine will contain all the delicacies of the season, prepared by a master of the culinary art. Sea foods a specialty. PHILADELPHIA, PA. Telephone Strictly First-class THE NEW DELMONICO HOTEL 16th and Ridge Avenue, Philadelphia, Pa. STRICTLY PRIVATE AND HOME COMPORTS Ten large bedrooms, with electric light, steam heat and baths. Cafe on second floor. Best meals only. This hotel is newly furnished and up to date in every particular. We solicit your trade. Permanent and transient rooms; they are the best. Try one of our meals. (Ring bell after 12 m.) L.	 B. SMITH, Prop. A. R. SMITH, Mgr. ILLINOIS J.	 N. Washington Mrs. J. N. Washington Proprietor Manager iSjntel Uaaljmgtnn 3252 WABASH AVENUE CHICAGO First-class Service for First-class People Rates: 75c, $1.00 and $2.00 Per Day Telephone Aldlne 516 OHIO Home 'Phone B-3244 American—European NEWHOTE L PLEASAN T P. H . WOOD  WIT H MODERN EQUIPMENT 9-11 ERIE STREE T TOLEDO, OHIO  JERSE Y  DALE NEW JERSEY One of the unique features of the hotel is the beautiful grill room. The management has engaged the full Abyssinian Orchestra to render afternoon and evening concerts in the room daily during the entire season. The open-air amusements available to the guests are numerous. The lawn of the hotel contains both croquet and tennis courts. The sea bathing at Cape May is unsurpassed on the Atlantic Ocean. It is remarkable for its fine surf and is perfectly safe at all times for women and children. The hotel has its own private bath houses. The sailing and fishing in the harbor and adjacent sounds'are always attractive and boats may be had at all times. The hotel is under the personal management of the owner, E. W. Dale, one of the most progressive and successful business men of our race. His experience as a hotel man has enabled him to use his very thorough knowledge of details in bringing the equipment of his hotel to perfection. This hotel is eaBy of access from the stations of either the Pennsylvania or the Reading Railroad. Literature and additional information will be mailed upon request. E. AkV. DALE, Owner and Proprietor Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING &lt;^ Through our Classified Advertising Service you have the opportunity to tell your little wants to 40,000 SELEC T readers. ^ If you want HELP , you can find, among TH E CRISIS readers, graduates -of Industrial Schools and thousands of young people who are trained for efficient, dependable service. •I If you want a POSITION, TH E CRISIS can help you find high- class places for teachers, managers, clerks, stenographers, hotel men, etc., etc. &lt;fl Yo u will find our readers very responsive to this department for Business Opportunities, Investments, Correspondence Schools, Agents Wanted, etc. - . . *J Advertisers may have replies sent in care of TH E CRISIS and forwarded. &lt;J Classified advertising rates made known on application. EMPLOYMENT AGENCIES MISS I. L. MOORMAN'S EMPLOYMENT AGENCY Reliable help at all times for the most discriminating employers. References thoroughly investigated. 463 LENOX AVENUE NEW YORK SITUATIONS WANTED YOUNG MAN (colored) about 19 years of age, with high school education, desires employment in private family, city or country. References given. Address Harrison Wesson, 2144 Fifth Avenue, New York. ART CRISIS PRINTS Reproduced on heavy paper, suitable for framing 50 CENTS EACH Cover illustration, April number, 7x9 inches, ' 'Girl Reading.'' Cover illustration, May number, 7x9 inches, ' 'Bishop Holly.'' Two-page photograph, May number, 10x13 inches, ' 'Eighth Illinois Regiment.'' Cover illustration, June number, 7x9 inches, ' 'One of the Little Ones.1' Address Art Editor of TH E CRISIS Room 311 20 VESEY STREET NEW YORK Mention T MUSIC SONGS There is money to be made in songwriting If you write poems or compose music, send us your work for examination. If terms are satisfactory, we will publish and pay one-half profits. GOTHAM-ATTUCKS MUSIC CO. 136 WEST 37TH STREET NEW YORK HELP WANTED LOCAL REPRESENTATIVES for TH E CRISI S wanted in each locality. Some agents sell over 800 copies monthly. Write for particulars. Address: FRANK M. TURNER Circulation Manager Suite 31 1 20 VESEY STREET, NEW YORK SCHOOLS YOUNG MAN, HAVE YOU A TRADE? By our method we teach the Barber Trade in six weeks. We give you a complete set of tools and secure you a position in a shop. Call or write for particulars. NEW YORK BARBER SCHOOL Costello &amp; Wise Cor. Bowery and Rlvlngton St. NE W YORK H E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 129 ADVERTISING NOWADAYS PAYS YOU A M agent for all colored newspapers. A M agent along all lines of advertising. GE T up programs for all kinds of entertainments. FURNIS H the advertising for 25 per cent. WRIT E and place your business where all can see. KNO W all the new features of advertising. LET ME HANDLE YOUR ADVERTISING The James E. Holt Advertising Agency 42 WEST I32D STREET, NEW YORK O. M. Waller, M.D., Pres. A. M . Thompson, Treas. B. 0. Waller, M.D., Sec. Sphinx Silver Polish The unsurpassed renovator of silver and plated ware. No acids; no scratching; abso lutely harmless. Adopted in the largest hotels. Best for family use. Endorsed by silver smiths. Sells readily to the trade. Doubles your income. Agents wanted in every city and town. Fifty per cent, commission. Write to-day. Manufactured by Sphinx Labor-Saving Soap Co., Inc. Oliice and Factory: 117 West Street, New York City Telephone 3253 Harlem CARPET CLEANING CLEANERS AND RENOVATERS FOR PARTICULAR PEOPLE NEW YORK CAREFUL CLEANING BUREAU 12 WEST 135TH STREET We make a specialty of cleaning and renovating carpets, rugs, portieres and upholstered furniture, we also vacuum clean in the home. We are not the largest carpet cleaner in the world, but absolutely the most careful in every detail. SHAMPOOING CAEPETS AND RUGS OUR SPECIALTY LEGAL DIRECTORY Real Estate and Probate Matters a Specialty J. DOUGLAS WETMORE ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR-AT-I^AW ROBER T B. BARCU S 5 Beekman Street (Temple Court) ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR-AT-LAW New York City NOTARY PUBLIC , Tel. 6222 Cortlandt Cable Address, Judowet Office: Room 502, Eberly Block Columbus, O. FREDERICK L. McGHEE B. S. SMITH ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR-AT-LAW ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR-AT-LAW. Union Block, Fourth and Cedar Streets Offices: Suite 610, Sykes Block St. Paul, Minn. Minneapolis, Minn, General Practice Notary Public. GEORGE W. MITCHELL WILLIAM R. MORRIS ATTORNEY-AT-LAW ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR-AT-LAW 1020 Metropolitan Life Building 908 Wafnut Street Minneapolis, Minn. Philadelphia, Pa. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS A D VER TISER SEND US 50 CENTS for a beautiful 1%-inch messaline silk shirred elastic belt, with a fine gilt or gray pearl trimmed buckle. All colors. State size. Buckle alone 25c If not satisfactory, money refunded. Send for free catalogue. PERFECTION NOVELTY CO. 102-106 WOOSTER STREET NEW YORK £3T A CRISIS representative has visited the factory of the Perfection Novelty Co., and was favorably impressed with the numerous bargains. Seventeen Years' Experience WORK TURNED OUT PROMPTLY MRS. G. B. NEEDLES Late with Broadway houses PRACTICAL FURRIER All kinds of furs remodelled, repaired and re lined. White furs cleaned, equal to new. Coats guaranteed to fit. Prices reasonable. 24 WEST 135TH STREET NEW YORK No. 4 Special Buggy $65.00 A value unequaled. Sold on $1.00 Profit Margin. Write for prices and other styles. Send for catalog. C. R. Patterson &amp; Sons GREENFIELD, OHIO Largest Negro carriage concern in the United States To Colored People FOR SALE—We have houses from $1,000 to $10,000. Our city is the capital of Ohio and a great manufacturing center—a good place to locate, plenty of work, a good place to locate for business. Can sell you a house for $50, $100 to $500 down, balance like rent. For speculating houses or business places, $1,000 to $5,000 down, balance on long-time payments. Any of these are in good locations. Write for further information. THIS IS A COLORED ENTERPRISE EDWARD A. SHANKLIN Rea l Estate 12181  Mt. Vernon Aye., Columbus, O. 2 Bom. 2220 Cen. 6322 Van Noy Printing Go. 100 Linen Finish Cards by Mail, 50c. COMMERCIAL PRINTING SOCIETY PRINTING BOOK AND JOB PRINTING 2315 MARKET ST. ST. LOUIS, MO. CORNS, CALLOUSES, BUNIONS, CHILBLAINS positively removed by using Dr. Moore's wonderful discovery or your money refunded. Write to-day, explaining your troubles, with stamped envelope, your name and address. 1 DR. E. L. MOORE C141 MONTCALM STREET, E. DETROIT, MICH. The Rock City Sanitarium Corner Foster and Stewart Streets, NASHVILLE, TENN. A quiet health home for invalids and sufferers from chronic ailments. Located on an elevation, surrounded by spacious, shady lawns. Fully equipped for the successful treatment of diseases of the stomach, liver, kidneys, blood and nerves, by other methods than drugs. The famous Battle Creek Methods—• water, in the form of baths of all kinds, sprays, douches, packs, etc., electricity, massage, Swedish movements, dieting, etc., are used under the direction of a physician of fifteen years' experience in these procedures and a graduate of the Battle Creek Sanitarium. Surgical and obstetrical cases received in special wards. Lady physician gives especial attention to diseases of women and children. Rates, $10 per week and upwards. For further information address THE ROCK CITY SANITARIUM Nashville, Tenn. Telephone Walnut 87 VISITORS ALWAYS WELCOME Mention TH E CRISIS Give the Child a Doll The Most Beautiful of All the Toys on the Market Are the NEGRO DOLLS &lt;I YOUR child would be happy if it had a Negro doll such as are sent out by the National Negro Doll Company, Nashville, Tennessee. Every race is trying to teach their children an object lesson by giving them toys that will lead to higher intellectual heights. The Negro doll is calculated to help in the Christian development of our race. Al l dolls are sent by express, charges paid. DOLLS FOR THE SEASON 1911-1912 NOW READY Prices from 50c. up to $8.50 For Illustrated Booklets, Prices and Other Information, Send Five Cents to the National Negro Doll Company 519 Second Avenue N., Nashville, Tenn. R. H. BOYD, President	 H. A. BOYD, Manager Brown-Spencer Correspondence School of Shorthand &lt;J A system that can be THE LORD'S PRAYER. learned during spare mo In ike Benn ntman System of Phonography—Corresponding Style. ments and thereby increase your salary from 50 to 100 per cent. A thorough knowledge of Shorthand makes the position sure —	 ^ c i-~A r «sx -) (oc *v= and the one so skilled in great demand. You pay ^	 L. . r -r ~i as you learn. Terms reasonable. Write for particulars. The Best, the Easiest, and Most Reliable Brown - Spencer Correspondence School of Shorthand 2145 Missouri Avenue	 East St. Louis, 111. Mention TH E CRISIS. A limited number of free beds maintained for the worthy poor. Other ward patients maintained at $7.00 per week. Private rooms can be secured from $12.00 to $30.00 per week. The training school for nurses maintains a two years' course. A high school cer tificate, or an edu cation sufficient to be considered an equivalent, necessary for admission. Five thousand dol lars endows a free bed. Andrew F. Stevens, President. Nathan F. NW11. M.D., Medical Director and Superintendent. Frederick Douglass Memorial Hospital and Training School, Philadelphia, Pa. HALF A MAN The Status of the Negro in New York By MAR Y WHITE OVINGTON With a Foreword by Dr. Franz Boas, of Columbia University "My father has always lived in the Miss Ovington's description of the status South," a young colored man once said to of the Negro in New York City is based on me, "and has attained success there; but a most painstaking inquiry into his social when I ceased to be a boy he advised me and economic conditions, and brings out in to live in the North, where my manhood the most forceful way the difficulties under would be respected. He himself cannot which the race is laboring, even in the large continually endure his position of inferiorcosmopolitan population of New York. It ity, and in the summer he comes North to is a refutation of the claims that the Negro be a man. No," correcting himself, "to has equal opportunity with the whites, and be HAL F A MAN . A Negro is wholly a that his failure to advance more rapidly man only in Europe."—From the Author's than he has, is due to innate inability.— "Introduction." from Dr. Boas' "Foreword." 12mo, cloth. Price $1.00 net. By mail, $1.12. LONGMANS, GREEN &amp; CO., Publishers, NEW YORK The above book may be purchased through any bookseller or will be mailed by TH E CRISIS on receipt of the price and postage. Mention TH E CRISIS.