The Seven Arts 2.4 (1917-08) THE SEVEN ARTS AUGUST, 1917 25 Cents THIS UNPOPULAR WAR By John Reed NOTES ON NAMES Richard Aldington is a leader of the English poetical school which goes by the name of "Imagism." His most important volume is entitled "Images: Old and New." Alter Brody was born in Kartuohkiya-Beroza, Russia, and came to this country when he was eight. He is the organizer of the Poetry Theater League. His verse has appeared frequently in the magazines. Babette Deutsch is a young graduate of Barnard College. J. R. Dos Passos is a graduate of Harvard. He recently returned from a trip of investigation to Spain during which he obtained material for his current article. He is now serving as an ambulance driver in France. Marsden Hartley is an American painter who has lived much abroad and is regarded as a leader in contemporary art. His critical work has appeared in The Seven Arts from time to time. Helen Hoyt was born in New England, educated largely in New York and lives in Chicago. Alfred Kreymborg is the founder of Others, a magazine of poetry in which much radical verse first saw the light, and which has unfortunately been discontinued. He is well known as a chess-player and is the author of "Mushrooms." Vachel Lindsay was born in Illinois and studied at Hiram College, Ohio. He has tramped through the entire West, from Illinois to New Mexico, distributing and reciting poems for food and shelter. He has published several volumes of his verse, among them "General William Booth Enters Heaven" and "The Congo and Other Poems." Amy Lowell, who lives in Brookline, Mass., is well known both as a poet and as a fighter for poetry’s popularization in America. Her latest volume is entitled "Men, Women and Ghosts." Her study of "Six French Poets" did much to create consciousness here of the new literature of France. H. L. Mencken is an editor of The Smart Set and has been on the Baltimore Sun since 1906. He is the author of much literary criticism and of many books. Among these are "The Philosophy of Nietzsche," "Men vs. Man" and "A Book of Burlesques." John Reed comes from Portland, Oregon. Since his graduation from Harvard he has distinguished himself as a war-correspondent. He reported the revolution in Mexico and has "covered" every front of the European War from Belgium to Constantinople. One of Mr. Reed’s most interesting feats was the production of "The Pageant of the Patterson Strike" at Madison Square Garden, New York, in 1913. He has written several books on his travels. Paul Strand is a young New York photographer whose work has called forth the especial commendation of such an authority as Mr. Alfred Stieglitz. Hendrik Willem van Loon was until recently instructor of Modern History at Cornell. He is the author of "The Rise of the Dutch Kingdom," "The Golden Book of the Dutch Navigators," and is a citizen of Holland. Willard Wattles is a young poet who for a time was an instructor in the University of Kansas. John Butler Yeats, the Irish portraitist, has long been associated with the liberal artistic movement of Ireland. He is living at present in New York. Several of his essays have appeared in The Seven Arts. Periodical Department American and Foreign Magazines and Periodicals. Single copies and Short Term Subscriptions. Stationery Department Correct Social Usage Wedding Invitations, Announcements, Church and Reception Cards, Calling Cards, Menu and Dinner Cards, Monograms, Crests, Coat-of-Arms, Book Plates and Address Dies. Samples of engraving sent on request. Writing Paper (Imported and Domestic). BRENTANO’S " Booksellers to the World " Fifth Ave. and 27th St., New York City What is the Teutonic Peril Civilization is fighting for its life against an Idea—an obsession. That Idea and the ends to which the enemy is willing to go to attain it must be understood before we can realize the awful danger confronting us. Sainte Séductre by Exile X With an introduction by Richard Wilmer Rowan — lays the Idea naked in all its frightful selfishness. Having read it, you will realize what the men who know are fighting for. It is not only a book you ought to read—it is a book you MUST read. At your booksellers $1.25 or by mail $1.35 postpaid Liberty Publishing Association 110 West 40th Street, New York City The Social Principle By Horace Holley A study of society as the constant reassociation of five spiritual types — the man of action, the executive, the artist, the philosopher, the mystic, the Prophet — which gives the reader a viewpoint as from a tower rising firmly from the waves and currents of world-crisis. 75 cents LAURENCE GOMME NEW YORK Frederick KEPPEL &amp; CO. ETCHINGS BY REMBRANDT WHISTLER MERYON HADEN, ZORN AND OTHER MASTERS ON Exhibition in OUR GALLERIES 4EaST 39th ST. New YORK i THE NEW ART OF DRESS WOMEN who cannot conveniently visit this studio and see the Bertha Holley accumulative, interchangeable wardrobe, which has solved the "dress problem" for an unusually discriminating and experienced cosmopolitan clientéle, are offered copies of a valuable illustrated portfolio, "The New Art of Dress," in which an artist’s discovery of the true principles of dress design is fully explained. BERTHA HOLLEY Twenty-one East Forty-ninth Street New York City Telephone: Plaza 1495 School Information EXPERT ADVICE FREE Catalogs of all boarding schools in the United States. No fees now or later. This department is maintained by the leading schools to help you. Call and consult with school specialist, or when writing mention kind of school (girls or boys), limit of expense, etc. American Schools Association, Inc. 1010 Times Building	1515 Masonic Building NEW YORK	CHICAGO PHONE BRYANT 8980 11 THE SEVEN ARTS AUGUST 1917 PAGE This Unpopular War.........John reed 397 The Collapse of American Strategy . . . Randolph bourne 409 Friday, June 22, 1917 . . . . hendrik willem van loon 425 Guns as Keys: and Great Gate Swings . . . amy lowell 428 Rudd.............WALDO FRANK 452 The Broncho That Would Not Be Broken of Dancing VACHEL LINDSAY 466 A Group of Lyrics: RICHARD ALDINGTON, WILLARD WATTLES, BABETTE DEUTSCH, HELEN HOYT, ALFRED KREYMBORG, ALTER BRODY.......468 Young Spain..........John r. dos passos 473 Editorial................489 Recollections of Samuel Butler .... JOHN butler yeats	493 A Painter’s Faith.........marsden hartley	502 The Dreiser Bugaboo........h. l. mencken	507 The Seven Arts Chronicle New Books...............518 The Provincetown Players............522 Photography...........PAUL STRAND	524 Music and Recruiting........PAUL ROSENFELD	526 Conspirators.............R. B.	528 Communication..............530 Subscription price, payable in advance, in the United States and Territories, $2.50 per year; Canada, $3.00; Foreign, $3.50. Published monthly on the first, and copyrighted, 1917, by The Seven Arts Pub. Co., Inc. All subscriptions filled from the New York office. The Seven Arts Publishing Co. reserves the right to reject any subscription taken contrary to its selling terms and to refund the unexpired credit. Manuscripts must be submitted at author’s risk, with return postage. Entered as second class matter October 20, 1916, at the Post Office at New York, N. Y., under the act of March 3, 1879. Address all subscriptions and business communications to THE SEVEN ARTS PUBLISHING CO., INC., 132 Madison Ave., N. Y. A. K. Rankine, President	James Oppenheim, Vice-President Arthur M. Reis, Secretary	Elbert F. Curry, Business Manager NEW POETRY POEMS	By Edward Thomas (Edward Eastaway) Edward Thomas was killed at Arras on Easter Monday. His poems, over the pen of Edward Eastaway, had just appeared in England and were considered of first importance by such critics as Ernest Rhys and Thomas Seccombe. Only indirectly are they war poems. Their chief interest is in the truth and beauty of the ideas and personality that shine through them. They are beautiful in form, and animated by a deep sympathy for the English character and the English countryside. Probable price, $1.25 net (September). PORTRAITS AND PROTESTS By Sarah N. Cleghorn The portraits are mostly of rural New England types, though there are such titles as William James and Jane Addams. A group "Of Time and Immortality’’ are in a strain of self-reliant hopefulness. The Protests include such trenchant titles as "Peace Hath Her Belgiums" ; "The Golf Links Lie So Near the Mill"; and "Comrade Jesus." Probable price, $1.25 net (August). FACTORIES AND OTHER POEMS A New and Enlarged Edition	By Margaret Widdemer "The tenderness of life, a mystic understanding of it that one knows is intuitive sympathy rather than experience, is always present"—Jessie Rittenhouse, in the New York Times. Probable price, $1.25 net (August). POEMS OF EARTH’S MEANING By Richard Barton Boston Transcript: "There is here the mood of exaltation when the spirit breaks all bonds. . . His loveliest lyrics are written in the full joy of the beauty of the world. . . There is a deep note of sincerity which combined with his intense appreciation and reverence for beauty gives an enduring quality of delight to our pleasure in his poetry. .	$1.25 net. DRAMA PROBLEMS OF THE	THE LITTLE THEATRE PLAYWRIGHT	IN THE UNITED STATES By Clayton Hamilton	By Constance D’Arcy Mackay Author of "The Theory of the	Author of "Costumes and Scenery for Ama- Theatre," "Studies in Stagecraft,"	teurs," etc. Descriptions of the little theatres etc. Probable price, $1.60 net.	United States, with their histories, (September).	policies and achievements. Probable price, $1.75 net. (September.) HENRY HOLT AND COMPANY 19 iii This Unpopular War By John Reed IT was one of those moist, stifling summer nights they have in Washington. After a perfect dinner we adjourned to the library and peeled off our coats, for comfort’s sake. The butler brought ice, siphons and tall glasses, and things to smoke. There were four or five of us; myself the stranger, and the others, clever youngsters a year or so out of college, now doing volunteer work on the Munitions Board, Hoover’s Food Administration, or one of the innumerable sub-committees of the Council of National Defense. They were well enough off to be able to do war work in Washington. None of them had had any real experience of competition for existence. Their minds inclined more to psychology and literary criticism than to political expediency. They had accepted the war and conscription as steps in the working out of a political theory whereby brains would ultimately rule mankind. Let me add that each was prepared to "do his bit," even to the extent of dying for his country. One was going to enlist in the aviation corps; the others thought they would be more serviceable in advisory or organizing positions than in the trenches. "No one of any intelligence," one boy was saying, "thinks the war is popular. "The other night a bunch of us dined together—Joe and George and Newton, some of the War Department men, and a few of the big business men in the sub-committees of the Council of National Defense. [397] This Unpopular War "We wanted to think up a ‘talking point,’ as drummers call it, to ‘sell the war.’ For three solid hours we sat there cudgelling our brains, but we couldn’t think of a single reason not patently a lie which was important enough to excite the patriotism of the man on the street. Of course our own reasons were sufficient, but for an advertising campaign they are much too—well, ‘highbrow.’ " The aviation enthusiast spoke up, lying on his back and blowing expensive cigar smoke at the ceiling. "Do you know what is needed? Only one thing—the same that did the trick for England. Casualties. At first it was impossible to interest the English masses in the war; they could not be made to see that it was their affair. But when the lists of dead, wounded, mutilated, began to come back— and, by the way, England ought to be grateful for the German atrocities—then hatred of the Germans began to soak into the whole people from the families of the wounded and the dead. This social anger is patriotism—for war purposes. "If I had the job of popularizing this war, I would begin by sending three or four thousand American soldiers to certain death. That would wake the country up." Now if this young man could wake up America by the simple process of immolating himself, I think he would not hesitate to play Curtius—although he has no romantic illusions, and would only be playing upon public sentimentalism to accomplish a highly rational end. However, he knows well that nothing he could do—even if action were not foreign to his temperament—would stir the American people in the slightest degree. The only thing which would stir them is pain, grief, a sense of unutterable loss. So, for our own good, let’s slaughter several thousand boys. Life is cheap now, and if by destroying some thousands of young men—less than a day’s toll on the world’s battle-lines— one clear step could be taken toward the freedom of mankind, I know where to find men for the job—and not conscripts, [398] John Reed either. But to be compelled or to be lured by cheap extravagances into furthering political theories too complicated or too subtle to fire the mass of the people, seems to me the same old undemocratic string-pulling which set Europe aflame. I spent a year and a half in the various countries and on the various battle-fronts, visiting all the belligerent capitals and seeing action on five fronts. One of my best friends has accused me of not grasping the significance of the war, of not being impressed with the tremendous human contrasts of this universal cataclysm. He says I went over there with the fixed socialist idea that the capitalistic ruling classes had cynically and with malice prepense tricked their people into war; and that I refused to see anything else. I admit I went abroad with an idea, and that my idea was substantially that. Everybody had at least one theory at the beginning of the war. But I was soon disillusioned; I found that the various peoples were not reasonable enough to make trickery necessary—even the socialists and anti-militarists shedding their beliefs like old skins when the colors and the drums swept down the street. I’m afraid I never did properly understand the drama and the glory of this war. It seemed to me, those first few weeks coming up through France, as if I would never get out of my mind again those beflowered troop trains full of laughing, singing boys — the class of 1914 — bound so gaily, unthinkingly to the front. And then Paris—not stern, stoical, heroic, as the reporters all described it; but sick with fear, full of civilian panic, its citizens trampling down women and children in their wild rush to get on the trains for the South. I saw so many ugly things—rich people putting their handsome houses under the protection of the Red Cross, and later when the Germans had retreated to the Aisne, withdrawing them. Small tradesmen making money out of things needed by the soldiers. Little political fights between the military medical corps and the Red Cross, whereby thou- [399] This Unpopular War sands of beds in the city were vacant, and the wounded died lying out on the cobbles in the rain at Vitry. Against that, what? A nation rising en masse to repel invasion, but without much stomach for a slaughter most people, I think, felt to be utterly stupid and useless. The flags, the emptiness, the spy-crazes, the wild-eyed women, the German aeroplanes dully dropping bombs from overhead into the streets. The shock, and then the slow inevitable dislocation of ordinary life, the growing tension. Later on, the one-armed, one-legged, the men gone mad from shellfire; in side streets the lengthening lines of wretched poor at the public kitchens. The battle of the Marne was something to go wild with delight about—but by that time there was no one left in Paris to celebrate. Decked with thousands of flags, the city lay smiling vapidly in the bright sunlight, her streets empty, her nights black. There were no glorious tidings, no heroism, no tolling bells and public rejoicings. Those things cease to be when the whole of a nation’s manhood is drained into the trenches. There is no such thing as heroism when millions of men face the most ghastly death in such a spirit as the armies of Europe have faced it these three years. Millions of heroes! It makes military courage the cheapest thing in the world. Why is it I saw this kind of thing? I tried to see the picturesque, the dramatic, the human; but to me all was drab, and all those millions of men were become cogs in a senseless and uninteresting machine. It was the same on the field. I saw a good deal of the battle of the Marne, I was with the French north of Amiens during the beginning of trench warfare. Almost always it was the same mechanical business. At first we were curious to know what new ways of fighting had been evolved; but the novelty soon wore off, as it did to the soldiers in the trenches. At the battle of the Marne I spent the evening with some [400] John Reed British transport soldiers at the little village of Crécy, in sound of the great guns stabbing the dark away off to the north. These "Tommies"—why had they gone to war? Well, they didn’t rightly know, except that Bill was going, and they wanted to get away from home for a spell, and the pay was good. Along about October first, 1914, I had to stay the night in Calais, and out of sheer loneliness found my way finally to the town’s one and only "joint," where there was liquor, song and girls. The place was packed with soldiers and sailors, some of them on leave from the front. I fell into conversation with one poilu, who told me with great pride that he was a socialist,—and an internationalist too. He had been guarding German prisoners, and waxed enthusiastic as he told me what splendid fellows they were,—all socialists too. "Look here," I said. "If you belonged to the International why did you go to war?" "Because," he said, turning his clear eyes upon me, "because France was invaded." "But the Germans claim that you invaded Germany." "Yes," he answered gravely, "I know they do say that. The prisoners tell me. Well, perhaps it is true. We were probably both invaded. ..." London, plastered with enormous signs, "Your King and Country Need You! Enlist for the War Only!" In all open spaces, knots of young men drilling—bank-clerks, stockbrokers, university and public school men, the middle and upper middle classes; for at this time the workers and the East End were not interested in the war. The first Expeditionary Force had been wiped off the face of the earth coming down from Mons; England was getting mad, at the top, and "Kitchener’s Mob" was forming. The great masses of the people of England knew little about the war and cared less. Yet it was up to them to fight, volunteer or conscript. Business and manufacturing concerns [401] This Unpopular War began to discharge their employees of military age, and a patriotic black-list saw to it that they got no other work; it was "Enlist or starve." I remember seeing a line of huge trucks sweep through Trafalgar Square, full of youths and placarded "Harrods’ Gift to the Empire." The men inside were clerks in Harrods’ Stores, and they were being driven to the recruiting station. There were other things in London which nauseated one. The great limousines going down to the City of a morning with recruiting appeals on their wind-shields, and overfed, overdressed men and women sitting comfortably inside. The articles for sale in the shops, with the "Made in Germany" signs torn off and new cards affixed, "Made in England"; the Rhine and Moselle wines they served in restaurants, their labels painted out, the immensely snobbish Red Cross benefit concerts and dances that made the fall of 1914 "London’s gayest autumn." All the talk of "German militarism," and "the rights of small nations," and "Kaiserism must go"—how sickening to know that the rulers of England really did not believe these pious epithets and platitudes! It was only the great masses of simple folk who were asked to give their lives because "Belgium was invaded," and the "scrap of paper" torn up. Just as in this our own country, where persons of intelligence cannot help smiling—or weeping—when President Wilson talks of American "democracy," and the "democracy" America champions in this war. Berlin was less patently charged with hypocrisy, as one might expect; for Berlin had been getting ready for this for years. There was less need for advertising than there was in either London or Paris—the Germans had less differences of opinion about the war. And yet to see those hundreds of thousands of gray automatons caught inevitably and irreparably in that merciless machine, hurled down across Belgium in mile-wide, endless rivers, and poured against the [402] John Reed scarps of death-rimmed fortresses in close-marching battalions, was more horrible than what I saw in other countries. Will anyone now dare to claim that the German people were told the truth about the war, or even told anything to speak of? No. The whole nation was sent to the trenches, without opportunity to know, to object, a little more ruthlessly than other nations—except Russia. I was at the German front, where men stood up to their hips in water, covered with lice, and fired at anything which moved behind a mud-bank eighty yards away. They were the color of mud, their teeth chattered incessantly, and every night some of them went mad. In the space between the trenches, forty yards away, was a heap of bodies left over from the last French charge; the wounded had died out there, without any effort being made to rescue them; and now they were slowly but surely sinking into the soft mud, burying themselves. At this place the soldiers spent three days in the trenches and six days resting back of the lines at Comines, where the government furnished beer, women and a circulating library. I asked those mud-colored men, leaning against the wet mud-bank in the rain, behind their little steel shields, and firing at whatever moved,—who were their enemies? They stared at me uncomprehendingly. I explained that I wanted to know who lay opposite them, in those pits eighty yards away. They didn’t know—whether English, French or Belgians, they had not the slightest idea. And they didn’t care. It was Something that Moved—that was enough. Along the thousand-mile Russian front I saw thousands of young giants, unarmed, unequipped, and often unfed, ordered to the front to stop the German advance with clubs, with their defenseless bodies. If anyone thinks the Russian masses wanted this war, he has only to put his ear to the ground these days when the Russian masses are breaking their age-long silence, and hear the approaching rumble of peace. [403] This Unpopular War No one will ever describe the unimaginable brutality of the old-time Russian military system, through whose machinery went Russia’s young men. I have seen an officer on the street of Petrograd knock in the teeth of a soldier who didn’t salute with just the proper amount of servility. Soldiers were treated like animals, as a matter of course. To the Russian peasant, what harm was in the Japanese, the Persian, the Turk, the Austrian, or the Prussian—before whose cannon his body crumpled down in alien lands far from his pleasant home? What care he if Serbia were invaded by Austria—or Belgium by the Germans? Hear him now, in those simple tones so exasperating to the "democracies" of the west: "No annexations, no indemnities "Evety people has a right to dictate its own form of gov-ernment In Serbia, I was struck first by the unbelievable damage wrought by war and pestilence among a race of "still unbroken men"; and secondly, by the evidences of the network of intrigue in which the great powers had enmeshed the rulers of Serbia, driving straight to war. One young Serbian told me how the plot to kill the Austrian archduke had been formed, and how the Serbian government tolerated the conspiracy, and all about the money paid by the Russian minister. It is no secret that the Serbian peasant, when called to arms to protect his beloved country against the Magyar hordes, was not enlightened about what had gone on between Premier Pashitch and Vienna, and Petrograd. Happily, I was in Bulgaria when she was forced into the war by her king and German diplomacy; and I had an opportunity to study a modern nation in the act of tricking its people. For seven out of the thirteen political parties in Bulgaria, representing a majority of the people, were against going to war, and through their regularly appointed delegates conveyed their position to the king, demanding the calling of parliament. But the king, the ministers and the [404] John Reed military authorities responded by suddenly decreeing mobilization,—with a stroke of the pen converting a nation into an army—and from that moment all communication between citizens, all protest, ceased—or was choked in blood. I could go on telling of Italy, of Roumania, of Belgium under the Germans, how everywhere I saw the one main fact, repeated over and over again, that this was not a war of the peoples, that the masses in the different countries had, and have, no motive in continuing the struggle except defense, and revenge; and that even now the millions of men on all the fronts would stop fighting, lay down their arms and go home, at a word of command. In the cities, especially in the capitals of the fighting countries, there is bitterness, hatred for the enemy, which has been slowly distilled from the grief of those who have lost their dear ones—or their property. The farther from the firing line, the stronger is the animosity. But in the trenches themselves there is almost none. Men are too busy fighting to hate. Hatred, after all, is an emotion only possible for the mass of people to sustain if they are idle, with nothing to occupy their minds but the sense of wrong. At the front there is grim cheerfulness, and potting the enemy is a sort of game. Almost everywhere there is some human communication between the trenches, sometimes—like the Christmas truce of the first winter, the hurling of newspapers and gibes from trench to trench, the morning armistice for breakfast. . . . Watch a German soldier, or a British Tommy, when prisoners come by; the conqueror usually goes out of his way to be decent, to supply the enemy with food, or tobacco, or bandages. There is little personal feeling left toward the enemy, at the front. It is a job to do, that’s all. . . . God help the boys in the other trench who’ve got to do it. Perhaps the most significant thing I noticed in Europe was the stubborn persistence of internationalism, in spite of the [405] This Unpopular War war. Especially in those neutral countries between belligerents was it so. There citizens of enemy countries met in natural friendly communion, bound a little closer, it seemed to me, by the blind grapple of their fatherlands. It was wonderful to perceive by a thousand signs the truth that internationalism is an instinct in mankind. In Holland I have seen even British and German interned soldiers, who could not speak each other’s language, fraternizing; while in Switzerland, and in far Roumania, Germans and Frenchmen met to talk the business out, and pledge each other a deeper friendship. Soon it will be hard for us in America to realize that we ever had German friends, or ever will have them. The casualty lists of the great conscript army will begin to come in, and what my scientific young friend in Washington described will begin to happen to us; we will begin to hate,—"the social anger that is patriotism." Already we’ve had a taste of what will come, a thousand times intensified, in the beating of "pacifists" by soldiers and sailors—and in arbitrary arrests and suppressions by the police everywhere. It is getting to be as much as a man’s liberty is worth to say that this is not a popular war, and that we are not going democratically about "making the world safe for democracy." Yet both those things are true. In all the nations of the world—even including Germany—this war was not a popular war; nor is there one place left on the face of the globe where the government has dared to put it up to the fighting men whether they would begin the war, and having begun it, whether they will fight on. In all these embattled nations, whose proud crests just now flaunt in chief the word Democracy, a small class of immensely wealthy people own the country, while an enormous mass of workers are poor. Belgium, the ravished innocent among nations, was in times of peace the cruellest industrial oligarchy in Europe, with the poorest, most exploited people. And it was this laboring proletariat [406] John Reed which was thrown against the might of imperial Germany, to defend its masters. Now comes our turn. Now millions of young American men are to go to Europe and kill Germans or be killed, in the name of "democracy." Most of these young men are workers, who may or may not know that their employers’ patriotism never prevented them from squeezing the ultimate energy from "factory fodder." They may or may not realize that political power without economic power makes "democracy" a hollow sham. It may perhaps have occurred to them that the democratic way to make war is to ask the consent of those who are to do the fighting. It will be said that it is easy to complain of the "undemocratic" methods of our government—but what was to be done? I think President Wilson could have stopped and asked almost any man he met on the street—he would have told him that. Here is the way I diagnose the common man's attitude. At the outbreak of the war he felt pretty neutral as between the two belligerents. Later on his sympathies swung to the Entente cause—but never strongly enough to persuade him to bleed and die for it. Certainly, whether you like it or not, Wilson was elected because "he kept us out of war." The common man’s programme was this. His conscience hurt him a little at the shipping of arms and ammunition to Europe—or anyway, he felt that it was unfair. He would have cheerfully embargoed our munitions export trade. He thought Americans had no business travelling in the war-zone, any more than playing tag in a pest-house and he was all for warning them to keep out of there, or anyway, to keep off the vessels of belligerent nations. Compulsory military service he regarded as distinctly un-American, to say the least. I don’t say this frame of mind lasted three years, with the entire press, the churches, the universities, the banks and business agencies all screaming one endless chorus of fear [407] This Unpopular War and hatred, overwhelmingly unanimous. No, he couldn’t stick it out; pretty soon he simply threw up his horny hands and began to believe that the Allies were right and all the autocracy was in Berlin. But nevertheless, the simple ideas I have outlined above were the common man’s reactions to the war; and I think that if he’d been consulted about what to do, the course of American history would have been changed. Anyway, the common man’s cerebrations seem to me a perfectly valid, sensible and wise comment on the war. The thesis of our "intellectuals" is, of course, that common men are unfit for self-government. I’ll admit there is justification for that belief. For without their active desire, and even against their dawning understanding, the so-called self-governing peoples of the world allowed themselves to be hurled into war upon each other; and in countries whose very reason for existence was detestation of tyranny, forcible military service and military coercion were accepted almost without protest. Still, it seems a little shameful that this more or less obedient, more or less dumb mass of creatures, whose feeling about the war was characteristic and self-evident, should have been made to betray its own will—and that by clever juggling—from above; and even then not asked whether it would or no. In the exclusive club to which I belong, a group of Platts-burghers were sitting at cocktail time, one day just before the President read his war message in Congress. The papers said that the Germans had torpedoed another American ship, and that American citizens had been drowned. "It’s true," one youth was drawling, "that they have been destroying our ships and killing our citizens—but I must confess that my ardor was somewhat dampened when I read that one of the victims was a negro. ..." [408] The Collapse of American Strategy By Randolph Bourne IN the absorbing business of organizing American participation in the war, public opinion seems to be forgetting the logic of that participation. It was for the purpose of realizing certain definite international ideals that the American democracy consented to be led into war. The meeting of aggression seemed to provide the immediate pretext, but the sincere intellectual support of the war came from minds that hoped ardently for an international order that would prevent a recurrence of world-war. Our action they saw as efficacious toward that end. It was almost wholly upon this ground that they justified it and themselves. The strategy which they suggested was very carefully worked out to make our participation count heavily toward the realization of their ideals. Their justification and their strategy alike were inseparably bound up with those ideals. It was implicit in their position that any alteration in the ideals would affect the strategy and would cast suspicion upon their justification. Similarly any alteration in the strategy would make this liberal body of opinion suspicious of the devotion of the Government to those ideals, and would tend to deprive the American democracy of any confident morale it might have had in entering the war. The American case hung upon the continued perfect working partnership of ideals, strategy and morale. In the eyes of all but the most skeptical radicals, Amer- [409] The Collapse of American Strategy ican entrance into the war seemed to be marked by a singularly perfect union of these three factors. The President’s address to Congress on April 2, supported by the December Peace note and the principles of the famous Senate address, gave the Government and American "liberalism" an apparently unimpeachable case. A nation which had resisted for so long a time the undertow of war, which had remained passive before so many provocations and incitements, needed the clearest assurance of unselfish purpose to carry it through the inevitable chaos and disillusionment of adopting a war-technique. That moment seemed to give this assurance. But it needed not only a clear, but a steady and unwavering assurance. It had to see day by day, in each move of war-policy which the Administration made, an unmistakable step toward the realization of the ideals for which the American people had consented to come into the war. American hesitation was overcome only by an apparently persuasive demonstration that priceless values of civilization were at stake. The American people could only be prevented from relapsing into their first hesitation, and so demoralizing the conduct of the war, by the sustained conviction that the Administration and the Allied governments were fighting single-mindedly for the conservation of those values. It is therefore pertinent to ask how this conviction has been sustained and how accurately American strategy has been held to the justifying of our participation in the war. It is pertinent to ask whether the prevailing apathy may not be due to the progressive weakening of the assurance that our war is being in any way decisive in the securing of the values for which we are presumably fighting. It will not be forgotten that the original logic of American participation hung primarily upon the menace of Germany’s renewed submarine campaign. The case for America’s entrance became presumably irresistible only when the safety of the British Commonwealth and of the Allies and neutrals [410] Randolph Bourne who use the Atlantic highway was at stake. American liberal opinion had long ago decided that the logic of our moral neutrality had passed. American isolation was discredited as it became increasingly evident how urgent was our duty to participate in the covenant of nations which it was hoped would come out of the settlement. We were bound to contribute our resources and our good-will to this enterprise. Our position made it certain that however we acted we should be the deciding factor. But up to February first, 1917, it was still an arguable question in the minds of "liberals" whether we could best make that contribution through throwing in our lot with the more pacific nations or by continuing a neutrality benevolent toward their better cause. For this benevolent neutrality, however strained, was still endurable, particularly when supplemented by the hope of mediation contained in the "peace without victory" manoeuvres and the principles of the Senate speech. This attempt to bring about a negotiated peace, while the United States was still nominally neutral, but able to bring its colossal resources against the side which refused to declare its terms, marked the highwater level of American strategy. For a negotiated peace, achieved before either side had reached exhaustion and the moral disaster was not irremediable, would have been the most hopeful possible basis for the covenant of nations. And the United States, as the effective agent in such a negotiated peace and as the most powerful neutral, might have assumed undisputed leadership in such a covenant. The strategy of "peace without victory" failed because of the refusal of Germany to state her terms. The war went on from sheer lack of a common basis upon which to work out a settlement. American strategy then involved the persistent pressure of mediation. The submarine menace, however, suddenly forced the issue. The safety of the seas, the whole Allied cause, seemed suddenly in deadly peril. In [411] The Collapse of American Strategy the emergency benevolent neutrality collapsed. Liberal opinion could find no other answer to the aggression than war. In the light of the sequel those radicals who advocated a policy of "armed neutrality" seem now to have a better case. For American action obtained momentum from the imminence of the peril. The need was for the immediate guarantee of food and ships to the menaced nations and for the destruction of the attacking submarines. "Armed neutrality" suggested a way of dealing promptly and effectively with the situation. The providing of loans, food, ships, convoys, could ostensibly have taken place without a declaration of war, and without developing the country’s morale or creating a vast military establishment. It was generally believed that time was the decisive factor. The decision for war has therefore meant an inevitable and perhaps fatal course of delay. It was obvious that with our well-known unpreparedness of administrative technique, the lack of co-ordination in industry, and the unreadiness of the people and Congress for coercion, war meant the practical postponement of action for months. In such an emergency that threatened us, our only chance to serve was in concentrating our powers. Until the disorganization inherent in a pacific democracy was remedied, our only hope of effective aid would come from focussing the country’s energies on a ship and food programme, supplemented by a naval programme devised realistically to the direct business at hand. The war could be most promptly ended by convincing the German government that the submarine had no chance of prevailing against the endless American succor which was beginning to raise the siege and clear the seas. The decision, however, was for war, and for a "thorough" war. This meant the immediate throwing upon the national machinery of far more activity than it could handle. It meant attaching to a food and ship programme a military programme, a loan programme, a censorship programme. All [412] Randolph Bourne these latter have involved a vast amount of advertising, of agitation, of discussion, and dissension. The country’s energies and attention have been drained away from the simple exigencies of the situation and from the technique of countering the submarine menace and ending the war. Five months have passed since the beginning of unrestricted submarine warfare. We have done nothing to overcome the submarine. The food and ship programmes are still unconsolidated. The absorption of Congress and the country in the loan and the conscript army and the censorship has meant just so much less absorption in the vital and urgent technique to provide which we entered the war. The country has been put to work at a vast number of activities which are consonant to the abstract condition of war, but which may have little relation to the particular situation in which this country found itself and to the particular strategy required. The immediate task was to prevent German victory in order to restore the outlines of our strategy toward a negotiated peace. War has been impotent in that immediate task. Paradoxically, therefore, our very participation was a means of weakening our strategy. We have not overcome the submarine or freed the Atlantic world. Our entrance has apparently made not a dent in the morale of the German people. The effect of our entrance, it was anticipated by liberals, would be the shortening of the war. Our entrance has rather tended to prolong it. Liberals were mistaken about the immediate collapse of the British Commonwealth. It continued to endure the submarine challenge without our material aid. We find ourselves, therefore, saddled with a war-technique which has compromised rather than furthered our strategy. This war-technique compromises the outlines of American strategy because instead of making for a negotiated peace it has had the entirely unexpected result of encouraging those forces in the Allied countries who desire "la victoire intégrale," the "knockout blow." In the President’s war-mes- [413] The Collapse of American Strategy sage the country was assured that the principles of the negotiated peace remained quite unimpaired. The strategy that underlay this, it will be remembered, was to appeal to the Teutonic peoples over the heads of their rulers with terms so liberal that the peoples would force their governments to make peace. The strategy of the American government was, while prosecuting the war, to announce its war-aims and to persuade the Allies to announce their war-aims in such terms as would split the peoples of the Central Powers from their governments, thus bringing more democratic regimes that would provide a fruitful basis for a covenant of nations. We entered the war with no grievances of our own. It was our peculiar role to continue the initiative for peace, both by unmistakably showing our own purpose for a just peace based on some kind of international organization and by wielding a steady pressure on the Entente governments to ratify our programme. If we lost this initiative for peace, or if we were unable or unwilling to press the Entente toward an unmistakable liberalism, our strategy broke down and our justification for entering the war became seriously impaired. For we could then be charged with merely aiding the Entente’s ambiguous scheme of European re-organization. The success of this strategy of peace depended on a stern disavowal of the illiberal programmes of groups within the Allied countries and a sympathetic attitude toward the most democratic programmes of groups within the enemy Powers. Anything which weakened either this disavowal or this sympathy would imperil our American case. As potential allies in this strategy the American government had within the enemies’ gates the followers of Scheidemann who said at the last sitting of the Reichstag: "If the Entente Powers should renounce all claims for annexation and indemnity and if the Central Powers should insist on continuing the war, a revolution will certainly result in Germany." It is not inconceivable that the American government and the German social- [414] Randolph Bourne ists had at the back of their minds the same kind of a just peace. The fact that the German socialists were not opposing the German government did not mean that any peace move in which the former were interested was necessarily a sinister Hohenzollern intrigue. The bitterest enemies of Holl-weg were not the radicals but the Pan-Germans themselves. It is they who were said to be circulating manifestoes through the army threatening revolution unless their programme of wholesale annexations is carried out. Whatever liberal reservoir of power there is in Germany, therefore, remains in the socialist ranks. If there is any chance of liberal headway against the sinister Pan-German campaign it is through this nucleus of liberal power. American strategy, if it has to find a liberal leverage in Germany, will have to choose the socialist group as against the Pan-Germans. It is not absolutely necessary to assume that the support of the Chancellor by the socialist majority is permanent. It is unplausible that the Scheidemann group co-operates with the Government for peace merely to consolidate the Junker and military class in power after the war. It is quite conceivable that the socialist majority desires peace in order to have a safe basis for a liberal overturn. Revolution, impossible while the Fatherland is in danger, becomes a practicable issue as soon as war is ended. A policy of aiding the Government in its pressure toward peace, in order to be in a tactical position to control the Government when the war-peril was ended, would be an extremely astute piece of statesmanship. There is no evidence that the German socialists are incapable of such farsighted strategy. Certainly the "German peace" of a Schei-demann is bound to be entirely different from the "German peace" of a Hindenburg. This difference is one of the decisive factors of the American strategy. To ignore it is to run the risk of postponing and perhaps obstructing the settlement of the war. It is these considerations that make the refusal of passports [415] The Collapse of American Strategy to the American socialists seem a serious weakening of the American strategy. A conference of responsible socialists from the different countries might have clarified the question how far a Russian peace or a Scheidemann peace differed from the structure of a Wilson peace. By denying American participation in the conference, the Administration apparently renounced the opportunity to make contact with liberal leverage in Germany. It refused to take that aggressive step in cleaving German opinion which was demanded by its own strategy. It tended to discourage liberal opinion in Germany and particularly it discouraged the Russian democracy which was enthusiastic for a socialist conference. This incident was symptomatic of the lessened adjustment which the Administration has shown toward the changing situation. It was the hope of the American liberals who advocated American entrance into the war that this country would not lose thereby its initiative for peace. They believed that our entrance would make our mediating power actually stronger. That hope has been disappointed through the unexpected radicalism of the new Russian government. The initiative for peace was bound to lie with the people that most wanted peace and was willing to make the most peremptory demands upon the Allied governments that they state the war-aims that would bring it. This tactic was an integral part of the original American strategy. The American liberals trusted the President to use American participation as an instrument in liberalizing the war-aims of all the Allied governments. In the event, however, it has not been America that has wanted peace sufficiently to be peremptory about it. It has been Russia. The initiative for peace has passed from President Wilson into the hands of the Council of Workmen’s and Soldiers’ Deputies. It is the latter who have brought the pressure to declare democratic war-aims. It is their dissatisfaction with the original Allied statement that has brought these new, if scarcely more satisfactory, declarations. [416] Randolph Bourne In this discussion between the Governments regarding the restatement of war-aims, it was not upon Russia’s side that this country found itself. The President’s note to Russia had all the tone of a rebuke. It sounded like the reaction of a Government which—supposedly itself the leader in the campaign for a just peace—found itself uncomfortably challenged to state its own sincerity. The key to our American strategy has been surrendered to Russia. The plain fact is that the President has lost that position of leader which a Russian candor would have retained for him. What is more serious is that the note to Russia implied not only his loss of the initiative for a negotiated peace but even the desire for it. "The day has come when we must conquer or submit." This has a very strange ring coming from a President who in his very war-message still insisted that he had not altered in any way the principles of his "peace without victory" note. The note to Russia did not attempt to explain how "peace without victory" was to be reconciled with "conquer or submit," nor has any such explanation been forthcoming. The implication is that the entire strategy of the negotiated peace has passed out of American hands into those of Russia, and that this country is committed to the new strategy of the "knockout blow." If this is true, then we have the virtual collapse of the strategy, and with it the justification, of our entrance into the war. Whether American strategy has changed or not, the effect upon opinion in the Allied countries seems to be as if it had. Each pronouncement of America’s war-aims is received with disconcerting unanimity in England, France and Italy as ratifying their own aspirations and policies. Any hint that Allied policies disagree with ours is received with marked disfavor by our own loyal press. When we entered the war, the Allied aims stood as stated in their reply to the President’s December note. This reply was then interpreted by American liberals as a diplomatic programme of maximum de- [417] The Collapse of American Strategy mands. They have therefore called repeatedly upon the President to secure from the Allied governments a resolution of the ambiguities and a revision of the more extreme terms, in order that we might make common cause with them toward a just peace. In this campaign the American liberals have put themselves squarely on the side of the new Russia, which has also clamored for a clear and liberal statement of what the war is being fought for. Unfortunately the Administration has been unable or unwilling to secure from the Allies any such resolution or revision. The Russian pressure has elicited certain statements, which, however, proved little more satisfactory to the Russian radicals than the original statement. Our own war-aims have been stated in terms as ambiguous and unsatisfactory as those of the Allies. Illiberal opinion in the other countries has not been slow in seizing upon President Wilson’s pronouncements as confirming all that their hearts could wish. Most significant has been the satisfaction of Italian imperialistic opinion, the most predatory and illiberal force in any Allied country. The President has done nothing to disabuse Italian minds of their belief. He has made no disavowal of the Allied reactionary ratification. The sharp divergence of interpretation between the Allied governments and the Russian radicals persists. In lieu of any clear statement to the contrary, opinion in the Allied countries has good ground for believing that the American government will back up whatever of their original programme can be carried through. Particularly is this true after the President’s chiding of Russia. The animus behind the enthusiasm for Pershing in France is the conviction that American force will be the decisive factor in the winning back of Alsace-Lorraine. It is no mere sentimental pleasure at American alliance. It is an immense stiffening of the determination to hold out to the uttermost, to the "peace with victory" of which Ribot speaks. Deluded France carries on the war to complete exhaustion on the strength of the Amer- [418] Randolph Bourne ican millions who are supposedly rushing to save her. The immediate effect of American participation in England and Italy as well has been an intense will to hold out not for the "peace without victory" but "pour la victoire intégrale," for the conquest so crushing that Germany will never be feared again. Now the crux of American strategy was the liberalization of Allied policy in order that that peace might be obtained which was a hopeful basis for a League of Nations. American participation has evidently not gone one inch toward liberalizing the Allies. We are further from the negotiated peace than we were in December, though the only change in the military and political situation is the Russian revolution which immensely increased the plausibility of that peace. As Allied hope of victory grows, the covenant of nations fades into the background. And it is Allied hope of victory that our participation has inflamed and augmented. The President’s Flag Day address marks without a doubt the collapse of American strategy. That address, coupled with the hints of "effective readjustments" in the note to Russia, implies that America is ready to pour out endless blood and treasure, not to the end of a negotiated peace, but to the utter crushing of the Central Powers, to their dismemberment and political annihilation. The war is pictured in that address as a struggle to the death against the military empire of Mittel-Europa. The American role changes from that of mediator in the interest of international organization to that of formidable support to the breaking of this menace to the peace and liberty of Europe. It will be remembered that American liberals interpreted our entrance into the war as primarily defensive, an enterprise to prevent Germany’s threatened victory on the sea. We came in, not to secure an Allied "peace with victory," but to prevent a German "peace with victory," and so restore the situation favorable to a negotiated peace. The strategy of the negotiated peace depended [419] The Collapse of American Strategy largely on the belief that a military decision was either impossible or was not worth the colossal sacrifice it demanded. But it is only as the result of a sweeping military decision that any assured destruction of Mittel-Europa could come. In basing his case on Mittel-Europa, therefore, the President has clearly swung from a strategy of "peace without victory" to a strategy of "war to exhaustion for the sake of a military decision." He implies that a country which came only after hesitation to the defense of the seas and the Atlantic world will contentedly pour out its indefinite blood and treasure for the sake of spoiling the coalition of Mittel-Europa and of making readjustments in the map of Europe effective against German influence on the Continent. Such an implication means the "end of American isolation" with a vengeance. No one can be blamed who sees in the Flag Day Address the almost unlimited countersigning of Allied designs and territorial schemes. The change of American strategy to a will for a military decision would explain the creation of the vast American army which in the original policy was required only "as a reserve and a precaution." It explains our close co-operation with the Allied governments following the visits of the Missions. An American army of millions would undoubtedly be a decisive factor in the remaking of the map of Europe and the permanent garrisoning of strategic points bearing upon Germany. But this change of strategy does not explain itself. The continental military and political situation has not altered in any way which justifies so fundamental an alteration in American strategy. American liberals justified our entrance into the war as a response to a sudden exigency. But the menace of Mittel-Europa has existed ever since the entrance of Bulgaria in 1915. If it now challenges us and justifies our change of strategy, it challenged us and justified our assault a full two years ago. American shudders at its bogey are doubly curious because it is probably less of [420] Randolph Bourne a menace now than it has ever been. President Wilson ignores the effect of a democratic Russia on the success of such a military coalition. Such heterogeneous states could be held together only through the pressure of a strong external fear. But the passing of predatory Russia removes that fear. Furthermore, Bulgaria, the most democratic of the Balkan States, would always be an uncertain partner in such a coalition. Bagdad has long been in British hands. There are strong democratic and federalistic forces at work in the Austro-Hun- garian monarchy. The materials seem less ready than ever for the creation of any such predatory and subjugated Empire as the Flag Day Address describes. Whatever the outcome of the war, there is likely to result an economic union which could bring needed civilization to neglected and primitive lands. But such a union would be a blessing to Europe rather than a curse. It was such a union that England was on the point of granting to Germany when the war broke out. The Balkans and Asia Minor need German science, German organization, German industrial development. We can hardly be fighting to prevent such German influence in these lands. The irony of the President’s words lies in the fact that the hopes of Mittel-Europa as a military coalition seem to grow dimmer rather than brighter. He must know that this "enslavement" of the peoples of which he speaks can only be destroyed by the peoples themselves and not at the imposition of a military conqueror. The will to resist this Prussian enslavement seems to have been generated in Austro-Hungary. The President’s perspective is belated. If our fighting to crush this amazing plot is justified now, it was more than justified as soon as Rumania was defeated. The President convicts himself of criminal negligence in not urging us into the war at that time. If our role was to aid in conquest, we could not have begun our work too soon. The new strategy is announced by the President in no uncertain terms,—"The day has come when we must conquer [421] The Collapse of American Strategy or submit." But the strategy of conquest implies the necessity of means for consolidating the conquest. If the world is to be made safe for democracy, democracy must to a certain extent be imposed on the world. There is little point in conquering unless you carry through the purposes for which you have conquered. The earlier American strategy sought to bring democracy to Germany by appealing directly to the democratic forces in Germany itself. We relied on a self-motivated regeneration on the part of our enemy. We believed that democracy could be imposed only from within. If the German people cannot effect their own political reorganization, nobody can do it for them. They would continue to prefer the native Hohenzollerns to the most liberal government imposed by their conquering enemies. A Germany forced to be democratic under the tutelage of a watchful and victorious Entente would indeed be a constant menace to the peace of Europe. Just so far then as our changed American strategy contributes toward a conquest over Germany, it will work against our desire to see that country spontaneously democratized. There is reason for hope that democracy will not have to be forced on Germany. From the present submission of the German people to the war-regime nothing can be deduced as to their subserviency after the war. Prodigious slaughter will effect profound social changes. There may be going on a progressive selection in favor of democratic elements. The Russian army was transformed into a democratic instrument by the wiping-out in battle of the upper-class officers. Men of democratic and revolutionary sympathies took their places. A similar process may happen in the German army. The end of the war may leave the German "army of the people" a genuine popular army intent upon securing control of the civil government. Furthermore, the continuance of Pan-German predatory imperialism depends on a younger generation of Junkers to replace the veterans now in control. The most daring of those aristo- [422] Randolph Bourne crats will almost certainly have been destroyed in battle. The mortality in upper-class leadership will certainly have proved far larger than the mortality in lower-class leadership. The maturing of these tendencies is the hope of German democracy. A speedy ending of the war, before the country is exhausted and the popular morale destroyed, is likely best to mature these tendencies. In this light it is almost immaterial what terms are made. Winning or losing, Germany cannot replace her younger generation of the ruling class. And without a ruling class to continue the imperial tradition, democracy could scarcely be delayed. An enfeebled ruling class could neither hold a vast world military Empire together nor resist the revolutionary elements at home. The prolongation of the war delays democracy in Germany by convincing the German people that they are fighting for their very existence and thereby forcing them to cling even more desperately to their military leaders. In announcing an American strategy of "conquer or submit," the President virtually urges the German people to prolong the war. And not only are the German people, at the apparent price of their existence, tacitly urged to continue the fight to the uttermost, but the Allied governments are tacitly urged to wield the "knockout blow." All those reactionary elements in England, France and Italy, whose spirits drooped at the President’s original bid for a negotiated peace, now take heart again at this apparent countersigning of their most extreme programmes. American liberals who urged the nation to war are therefore suffering the humiliation of seeing their liberal strategy for peace transformed into a strategy for prolonged war. This government was to announce such war-aims as should persuade the peoples of the Central Powers to make an irresistible demand for a democratic peace. Our initiative with the Allied governments was to make this peace the basis of an international covenant, "the creation of a community of [423] The Collapse of American Strategy limited independencies," of which Norman Angeli speaks. Those Americans who opposed our entrance into the war believed that this object could best be worked for by a strategy of continued neutrality and the constant pressure of mediation. They believed that war would defeat the strategy for a liberal peace. The liberal intellectuals who supported the President felt that only by active participation on an independent basis could their purposes be achieved. The event has signally betrayed them. We have not ended the submarine menace. We have lost all power for mediation. We have not even retained the democratic leadership among the Allied nations. We have surrendered the initiative for peace. We have involved ourselves in a moral obligation to send large armies to Europe to secure a military decision for the Allies. We have prolonged the war. We have encouraged the reactionary elements in every Allied country to hold out for extreme demands. We have discouraged the German democratic forces. Our strategy has gradually become indistinguishable from that of the Allies. With the arrival of the British Mission our "independent basis" became a polite fiction. The President’s Flag Day Address merely registers the collapse of American strategy. All this the realistic pacifists foresaw when they held out so bitterly and unaccountably against our entering the war. The liberals felt a naive faith in the sagacity of the President to make their strategy prevail. They looked to him single-handedly to liberalize the liberal nations. They trusted him to use a war-technique which should consist of an olive-branch in one hand and a sword in the other. They have had to see their strategy collapse under the very weight of that war-technique. Guarding neutrality, we might have counted toward a speedy and democratic peace. In the war, we are a rudderless nation, to be exploited as the Allies wish, politically and materially, and towed, to their aggrandizement, in any direction which they may desire. [424] Friday, June 22, 1917 By Hendrik Willem van Loon FOR God’s sake, will not someone give us an ideal? The world is waiting for the word that will set it free. The world is anxious to shed its blood and its dearest possessions. The world awaits a deed of leadership. Meanwhile what does it get? Words, words, words. Sentimental inanities and the revaluation of those worn-out doctrines which have sent women into sweatshops and have driven men to acts of utter despair. Yet, we all know that this could be a right war. It could be damnably right. But the articulate expression of our hopes and our longing is drowned in the mushy banalities of official explanation. We ask for a phophecy. We get the recruiting poster. In the field of material preparation our government has done its duty. Our army is drilling. Our navy is on the ocean. Our flying men are learning their craft by day and by night. We have given of our treasures and our hard-earned savings. Faithful Earth has been set to perform her miracles. Meanwhile we have neglected the most important part of all. We have not mobilized the spirit. What of the mass of our people? We are groping and we talk to each other in hollow phrases. We pretend to feel certain emotions. We are lying to ourselves and we know it. The war is still a stranger to us. The aims of the war are a cause of indifference. And therefore, I, as one who shall have to take his share, I will try and state in positive [425] Friday, June 22, 1917 terms for what alone I am willing to fight with more than the brute strength of my inexperienced hands. I have heard much about national doctrines and the Free Ocean and Democracy and the rights of this and the rights of that. All this means little to me and I will not fight for any of these worn-out ideals. I will fight for only one cause which is good and holy. To make the world safe for my children. I have been told that one country was wicked— that one man was wicked—that one system of leadership was wicked. I do not believe it. Neither do I care. The agonizing recollection of my own country’s failures does not allow me to sit in judgment on my neighbors. Yet, I am willing to sacrifice all. Because I want this world to be safe for my children. I do not believe in the Millennium. I fully understand the inert slowness of all progress. I also know that this world can be a place of reasonable happiness, reasonable comfort, a garden in which to spend a short while and meditate upon those things which are eternal. And for such a world I am willing to fight. I am anxious to go forth and meet death that the foul visitation of war may be made impossible. Not through paper Leagues of armed Peace and societies of enthusiasts. I do not believe in new fire-escapes for a decaying old building. My deepest intuitive thought tells me that no constructive future is possible without the complete demolition of our ignoble past. I do not want this war to be the vindication of one set of bad principles over another. I fail to see the superior virtues of one racial unit as compared to another. The idea of atonement for present crimes I am willing to leave to the judgment of posterity. I recognize but one purpose. That I shall bestow a better world upon those who are to follow me. What sort and manner of world, then, do I imagine? I shall tell you. The basic structure of my world shall be the [426] Hendrik Willem van Loon earth and the people thereon. Man shall acknowledge that he is of this world and by this world and for this world. He shall have no other gods but his own undying soul. He shall accomplish no miracles except through his own genius. He shall be ruled by knowledge—he shall be guided by facts— he shall follow the law which has been seen by the eyes of wise leaders. The dire inheritance of revealed authority he shall disclaim because it is cowardly to accept it. He shall forever struggle in the full understanding of his mysterious task—without despair—without resentment—patiently and triumphantly. He shall claim no reward but love and the consciousness of a firm duty, honorably and courageously performed. Those who have eyes to read, let them read. Ask me to fight for this. I shall come. And I shall not be alone. [427] Guns as Keys: and the Great Gate Swings By Amy Lowell PART I DUE East, far West. Distant as the nests of the opposite winds. Removed as fire and water are, as the clouds and the roots of the hills, as the wills of youth and age. Let the key-guns be mounted, make a brave show of waging war, and pry off the lid of Pandora’s box once more. Get in at any cost and let out at little, so it seems, but wait—wait—there is much to follow through the Great Gatel They do not see things in quite that way, on this bright November day, with sun flashing, and waves splashing, up and down Chesapeake Bay. On shore, all the papers are running to press with huge headlines: "Commodore Perry Sails." Dining-tables buzz with travellers’ tales of old Japan culled from Dutch writers. But we are not like the Dutch. No shutting the stars and stripes up on an island. Pooh! We must trade wherever we have a mind. Naturally! The wharves of Norfolk are falling behind, becoming smaller, confused with the warehouses and the trees. On the impetus of the strong South breeze, the paddle-wheel steam frigate Mississippi of the United States Navy, sails down [428] Amy Lowell the flashing bay. Sails away, and steams away, for her furnaces are burning, and her paddle-wheels turning, and all her sails are set and full. Pull, men, to the old chorus: "A Yankee ship sails down the river, Blow, boys, blow; Her masts and spars they shine like silver, Blow, my bully boys, blow." But what is the use? That plaguey brass band blares out with "The Star Spangled Banner," and you cannot hear the men because of it. Which is a pity, thinks the Commodore, in his cabin, studying the map, and marking stepping-stones: Madeira, Cape Town, Mauritius, Singapore, nice firm step-ping-places for seven-league boots. Flag-stones up and down a hemisphere. My! How she throws the water off from her bows, and how those paddle-wheels churn her along at the rate of seven good knots! You are a proud lady, Mrs. Mississippi, curtseying down Chesapeake Bay, all a-flutter with red white and blue ribbons. At Mishiwa in the Province of Kai, Three men are trying to measure a pine tree By the length of their outstretched arms. Trying to span the bole of a huge pine tree By the spread of their lifted arms. Attempting to compress its girth Within the limit of their extended arms. Beyond, Fuji, Majestic, inevitable, Wreathed over by wisps of cloud. The clouds draw about the mountain, But there are gaps. The men reach about the pine tree, But their hands break apart; [429] Guns as Keys: and the Great Gate Swings The rough bark escapes their hand-clasps; The tree is unencircled. Three men are trying to measure the stem of a gigantic pine tree, With their arms, At Mishiwa in the Province of Kai. Furnaces are burning good Cumberland coal at the rate of twenty-six tons per diem, and the paddle-wheels turn round and round in an iris of spray. She noses her way through a wallowing sea; foots it, bit by bit, over the slanting wave slopes; pants along, thrust forward by her breathing furnaces, urged ahead by the wind draft flattening against her taut sails. The Commodore, leaning over the taffrail, sees the peak of Madeira swept up out of the haze. The Mississippi glides into smooth water, and anchors under the lee of the "Desertas." Ah! the purple bougainvillia! And the sweet smells of the heliotrope and geranium hedges! Ox-drawn sledges clattering over cobbles— what a fine pause in an endless voyaging. Stars and stripes demanding five hundred tons of coal, ten thousand gallons of water, resting for a moment on a round stepping-stone, with the drying sails slatting about in the warm wind. "Get out your accordion, Jim, and give us the "Sewanee River" to show those Dagos what a tune is. Pipe up with the chorus, boys. Let her go." The green water flows past Madeira. Flows under the paddle-boards, making them clip and clap. The green water washes along the sides of the Commodore’s steam flagship and passes away to leeward. "Hitch up your trousers, Black Face, and do a hornpipe. It’s a fine quiet night for a double shuffle. Keep her going, Jim. Louder. That’s the ticket. Gosh, but you can spin, Blackey !" [430] Amy Lowell The road is hilly Outside the Tiger Gate, And striped with shadows from a bow moon Slowly sinking to the horizon. The roadway twinkles with the bobbing of paper lanterns, Melon-shaped, round, oblong, Lighting the steps of those who pass along it; And there is a sweet singing of many semi, From the cages which an insect seller Carries on his back. Westward of the Canaries, in a wind-blazing sea. Engineers, there, extinguish the furnaces; carpenters, quick, your screwdrivers and mallets, and unship the paddle-boards. Break out her sails, quartermasters, the wind will carry her faster than she can steam, for the trades have her now, and are whipping her along in fine clipper style. Key-guns, your muzzles shine like basalt above the tumbling waves. Polished basalt cameoed upon malachite. Yankee-doodle-dandy! A fine upstanding ship, clouded with canvas, slipping along like a trotting filly out of the Commodore’s own stables. White sails and sailors, blue-coated officers, and red in a star sparked through the claret decanter on the Commodore’s luncheon table. The Commodore is writing to his wife, to be posted at the next stopping place. Two years is a long time to be upon the sea. Nigi-oi of Matsuba-ya Celebrated oiran, Courtesan of unrivalled beauty, The great silk mercer, Mitsui, Counts himself a fortunate man As he watches her parade in front of him In her robes of glazed blue silk [431] Guns as Keys: and the Great Gate Swings Embroidered with singing nightingales. He puffs his little silver pipe And arranges a fold of her dress. He parts it at the neck And laughs when the falling plum-blossoms Tickle her naked breasts. The next morning he makes out a bill To the Director of the Dutch Factory at Nagasaki For three times the amount of the goods Forwarded that day in two small junks In the care of a trusted clerk. The North-east trades have smoothed away into hot, blue doldrums. Paddle-wheels to the rescue. Thank God, we live in an age of invention. What air there is, is dead ahead. The deck is a bed of cinders, we wear a smoke cloud like a funeral plume. Funeral—of whom? Of the little heathens inside the Gate? Wait! Wait! These monkey-men have got to trade, Uncle Sam has laid his plans with care, see those black guns sizzling there. "It’s deuced hot," says a lieutenant, "I wish I could look in at a hop in Newport this evening." The one hundred and sixty streets in the Sanno quarter Are honey-gold, Honey-gold from the gold-foil screens in the houses, Honey-gold from the fresh yellow mats; The lintels are draped with bright colors, And from eaves and poles Red and white paper lanterns Glitter and swing. Through the one hundred and sixty decorated streets of the Sanno quarter, Trails the procession, With a bright slowness, To the music of flutes and drums. [432] Amy Lowell Great white sails of cotton Belly out along the honey-gold streets. Sword bearers, Spear bearers, Mask bearers, Grinning masks of mountain genii, And a white cock on a drum Above a purple sheet. Over the flower hats of the people, Shines the sacred palanquin, "Car of gentle motion," Upheld by fifty men, Stalwart servants of the god, Bending under the weight of mirror-black lacquer, Of pillars and roof-tree Wrapped in chased and gilded copper. Portly silk tassels sway to the marching of feet, Wreaths of gold and silver flowers Shoot sudden scintillations at the gold-foil screens. The golden phoenix on the roof of the palanquin Spreads its wings, And seems about to take flight Over the one hundred and sixty streets Straight into the white heart Of the curved blue sky. Six black oxen, With white and red trappings, Draw platforms on which are musicians, dancers, actors, Who posture and sing, Dance and parade, Up and down the honey-gold streets, To the sweet playing of flutes, And the ever-repeating beat of heavy drums, To the constant banging of heavily beaten drums, To the insistent repeating rhythm of beautiful great drums. [433] Guns as Keys: and the Great Gate Swings Across the equator and panting down to Saint Helena, trailing smoke like a mourning veil. Jamestown jetty, and all the officers in the ship making at once for Longwood. Napoleoni! Ah, tales—tales—with nobody to tell them. A bronze eagle caged by floating wood-work. A heart burst with beating on a flat drop-curtain of sea and sky. Nothing now but pigs in a sty. Pigs rooting in the Emperor’s bedroom. God be praised, we have a plumed smoking ship to take us away from this desolation. "Boney was a warrior Away-i-oh ; Boney was a warrior, John François." "Oh, shut up, Jack, you make me sick. Those pigs are like worms eating a corpse. Bah!" The ladies, Wistaria Blossom, Cloth-of-Silk, and Deep Snow, With their ten attendants, Are come to Asakusa To gaze at peonies. To admire crimson-carmine peonies, To stare in admiration at bomb-shaped, white and sulphur peonies, To caress with a soft finger Single, rose-flat peonies, Tight, incurved, red-edged peonies, Spin-wheel circle, amaranth peonies. To smell the acrid pungence of peony blooms, And dream for months afterwards Of the temple garden at Asakusa, Where they walked together Looking at peonies. The Gate! The Gate! The far-shining Gate! Pat your [434] Amy Lowell guns and thank your stars you have not come too late. The Orient’s a sleepy place, as all globe-trotters say. We’ll get there soon enough, my lads, and carry it away. That’s a good enough song to round the Cape with, and there’s the Table Cloth on Table Mountain and we’ve drawn a bead over half the curving world. Three cheers for Old Glory, fellows. A Daimino’s procession Winds between two green hills, A line of thin, sharp, shining, pointed spears Above red coats And yellow mushroom hats. A man leading an ox Has cast himself upon the ground, He rubs his forehead in the dust, While his ox gazes with wide, moon eyes At the glittering spears Majestically parading Between two green hills. Down, down, down, to the bottom of the map ; but we must up again, high on the other side. America, sailing the seas of a planet to stock the shop counters at home. Commerce-raiding a nation; pulling apart the curtains of a temple and calling it trade. Magnificent mission! Every shop-till in every by-street will bless you. Force the shut gate with the muzzles of your black cannon. Then wait—wait for fifty years— and see who has conquered. But now the Mississippi must brave the Cape, in a crashing of bitter seas. The wind blows East, the wind blows West, there is no rest under these clashing clouds. Petrel whirl by like torn newspapers along a street. Albatrosses fly close to the mastheads. Dread purrs over this stormy ocean, and the smell of the water is the dead, oozing dampness of tombs. [435] Guns as Keys: and the Great Gate Swings Tiger rain on the temple bridge of carved greenstone, Slanting tiger lines of rain on the lichened lanterns of the gateway, On the stone statues of mythical warriors. Striped rain making the bells of the pagoda roofs flutter, Tiger-footing on the bluish stones of the courtyard, Beating, snapping, on the cheese-rounds of open umbrellas, Licking, tiger-tongued, over the straw mat which a pilgrim wears upon his shoulders, Gnawing, tiger-toothed, into the paper mask Which he carries on his back. Tiger-clawed rain scattering the peach-blossoms, Tiger tails of rain lashing furiously among the crypto-merias. "Land—O." Mauritius. Stepping-stone four. The coaling ships have arrived, and the shore is a hive of Negroes, and Malays, and Lascars, and Chinese. The clip and clatter of tongues is unceasing. "What awful brutes!" "Obviously, but the fruits they sell are good." "Food, fellows, bully good food." Yankee money for pine-apples, shaddocks, mangoes. "Who were Paul and Virginia?" "Oh, a couple of spooneys who died here, in a shipwreck, because the lady wouldn’t take off her smock." "I say, Fred, that’s a shabby way to put it. You’ve no sentiment." "Maybe, I don’t read much myself, and when I do, I prefer United States, something like old Artemus Ward, for instance." "Oh, dry up, and let’s get some donkeys and go for a gallop. We’ve got to begin coaling tomorrow, remember." The beautiful dresses, Blue, Green, Mauve, Yellow; And the beautiful green pointed hats Like Chinese porcelains! See, a band of geisha [436] Amy Lowell Is imitating the state procession of a Corean Ambassador, Under painted streamers, On an early afternoon. The hot sun burns the tar up out of the deck. The paddle-wheels turn, flinging the cupped water over their shoulders. Heat smoulders along the horizon. The shadow of the ship floats off the starboard quarter, floats like a dark cloth on the sea. The watch is pulling on the topsail halliards: "O Sally Brown of New York City, Ay, ay, roll and go." Like a tired beetle, the Mississippi creeps over the flat, glass water, creeps on, breathing heavily. Creeps—creeps—and sighs and settles at Pointe de Galle, Ceylon. Spice islands speckling the Spanish Main. Fairy tales and stolen readings. Saint John’s Eve! Midsummer Madness! Here it is all true. But the smell of the spice-trees is not so nice as the smell of new-mown hay on the Commodore’s field at Tarrytown. But what can one say to forests of rose-wood, satin-wood, ebony! To the talipot tree, one leaf of which can cover several people with its single shade. Trade! Trade! Trade in spices for an earlier generation. We dream of lacquers and precious stones. Of spinning telegraph wires across painted fans. Ceylon is an old story, ours will be the glory of more important conquests. But wait—wait. No one is likely to force the Gate. The smoke of golden Virginia tobacco floats through the blue palms. "You say you killed forty elephants with this rifle!" "Indeed, yes, and a trifling bag, too." Down the ninety mile rapids Of the Heaven Dragon River, He came, With his bowmen, And his spearmen, [437] Guns as Keys: and the Great Gate Swings Borne in a gilded palanquin, To pass the Winter in Yedo By the Shogun’s decree. To pass the Winter idling in the Yoshiwara, While his bowmen and spearmen Gamble away their rusted weapons Every evening At the Hour of the Cock. Her Britannic Majesty’s frigate Cleopatra salutes the Mississippi as she sails into the harbor of Singapore. Vessels galore choke the wharves. From China, Siam, Malaya; Sumatra, Europe, America. This is the bargain counter of the East. Goods—Goods, dumped ashore to change boats and sail on again. Oaths and cupidity; greasy clothes and greasy dollars wound into turbans. Opium and birds’-nests exchanged for teas, cassia, nankeens; gold thread bartered for Brummagem buttons. Pocket knives told off against teapots. Lots and lots of cheap damaged porcelains, and trains of silken bales awaiting advantageous sales to Yankee merchantmen. The figure-head of the Mississippi should be a beneficent angel. With her guns to persuade, she should lay the foundation of such a market on the shores of Japan. "We will do what we can," writes the Commodore, in his cabin. Outside the drapery shop of Taketani Sabai, Strips of dried cloth are hanging out to dry. Fine Arimitsu cloth, Fine blue and white cloth, Falling from a high staging, Falling like falling water, Like blue and white unbroken water Sliding over a high cliff, Like the Ono Fall on the Kisokaido Road. Outside the shop of Taketani Sabai, [438] Amy Lowell They have hung the fine dyed cloth In strips out to dry. Romance and heroism; and all to make one dollar two. Through grey fog and fresh blue breezes, through heat, and sleet, and sheeted rain. For centuries men have pursued the will-o’-the-wisp—trade. And they have got—what? All civilization weighed in twopenny scales and fastened with string. A sailing planet packed in a dry-goods box. Knocks, and shocks, and blocks of extended knowledge, contended for and won. Cloves and nutmegs, and science stowed among the grains. Your gains are not in silver, mariners, but in the songs of violins, and the thin voices whispering through printed books. "It looks like a dinner-plate," thinks the officer of the watch, as the Mississippi sails up the muddy river to Canton, with the Dragon’s Cave Fort on one side, and the Girl’s Shoe Fort on the other. The Great Gate looms in a distant mist, and the anchored squadron waits and rests, but its coming is as certain as the equinoxes, and the lightning bolts of its guns are ready to tear off centuries like husks of corn. The Commodore sips bottled water from Saratoga, and makes out a report for the State Department. The men play pitch-and-toss, and the officers poker, and the betting gives heavy odds against the little monkey-men. On the floor of the reception room of the Palace They have laid a white quilt, And on the quilt, two red rugs; And they have set up two screens of white paper To hide that which should not be seen. At the four corners, they have placed lanterns, And now they come. Six attendants, [439] Guns as Keys: and the Great Gate Swings Three to sit on either side of the condemned man, Walking slowly. Three to the right, Three to the left, And he between them In his dress of ceremony With the great wings. Shadow wings, thrown by the lantern light, Trail over the red rugs to the polished floor, Trail away unnoticed, For there is a sharp glitter from a dagger Borne past the lanterns on a silver tray. "O my Master, I would borrow your sword, For it may be a consolation to you To perish by a sword to which you are accustomed." Stone, the face of the condemned man, Stone, the face of the executioner, And yet before this moment These were master and pupil, Honored and according homage, And this is an act of honorable devotion. Each face is passive, Hewed as out of strong stone, Cold as a statue above a temple porch. Down slips the dress of ceremony to the girdle. Plunge the dagger to its hilt. A trickle of blood runs along the white flesh And soaks into the girdle silk. Slowly across from left to right, Slowly, upcutting at the end, But the executioner leaps to his feet, Poises the sword— Did it flash, hover, descend? There is a thud, a horrible rolling, [440] Amy Lowell And the heavy sound of a loosened, falling body, Then only the throbbing of blood Spurting into the red rugs. For he who was a man is that thing Crumpled up on the floor, Broken, and crushed into the red rugs. The friend wipes the sword, And his face is calm and frozen As a stone statue on a Winter night Above a temple gateway. PART II Four vessels giving easily to the low running waves and catspaw breezes of a Summer sea. July, 1853, Mid-Century, but just on the turn. Mid-Century, with the vanishing half fluttering behind on a foam-bubbled wake. Four war ships steering for the "Land of Great Peace," caparisoned in state, cleaving a jewelled ocean to a Dragon Gate. Behind it, the quiet of afternoon. Golden light reflecting from the inner sides of shut portals. War is an old wives’ tale, a frail beautiful embroidery of other ages. The panoply of battle fades. Arrows rust in arsenals, spears stand useless on their butts in vestibules. Cannon lie unmounted in castle yards, and rats and snakes make nests in them and rear their young in unmolested satisfaction. The sun of midsummer lies over the "Land of Great Peace," and behind the shut gate they do not hear the paddle-wheels of distant vessels unceasingly turning and advancing, through the jewelled scintillations of the encircling sea. Susquehanna and Mississippi, steamers, towing Saratoga and Plymouth, sloops of war. Moving on in the very eye of the wind, with not a snip of canvas upon their slim yards. Fugi!—a point above nothing, for there is a haze. Stop gazing, that is the bugle to clear decks and shot guns. We must [441] Guns as Keys: and the Great Gate Swings be prepared, as we run up the coast straight to the Bay of Yedo. "I say, fellows, those boats think they can catch us, they don’t know that this is Yankee steam." Bang! The shore guns are at work. And that smoke-ball would be a rocket at night, but we cannot see the gleam in this sunshine. Black with people are the bluffs of Uraga, watching the "fire-ships" lipping windless up the bay. Say all the prayers you know, priests of Shinto and Buddha. Ah! The great splashing of the wheels stops, a chain rattles. The anchor drops at the hour of the ape. A clock on the Commodore’s chest of drawers strikes five with a silvery tinkle. Boats are coming from all directions. Beautiful boats of unpainted wood, broad of beam, with tapering sterns, and clean runs. Swiftly they come, with shouting rowers standing to their oars. The shore glitters with spears and lacquered hats. Compactly the boats advance, and each carries a flag —white-black-white—and the stripes break and blow. But the tow-lines are cast loose when the rowers would make them fast to the "black ships," and those who would climb the chains slip back dismayed, checked by a show of cutlasses, pistols, pikes. "Naru Hodo!" This is amazing, unprecedented! Even the Vice Governor, though he boards the Susquehanna, cannot see the Commodore. "His High Mighty Mysteriousness, Lord of the Forbidden Interior," remains in his cabin. Extraordinary! Horrible! Rockets rise from the forts, and their trails of sparks glitter faintly now, and their bombs break in faded colors as the sun goes down. Bolt the gate, monkey-men, but it is late to begin turning locks so rusty and worn. Darkness over rice-fields and hills. The Gold Gate hides in shadow. Upon the indigo-dark water, millions of white [442] Amy Lowell jelly-fish drift, like lotus-petals over an inland lake. The land buzzes with prayer, low, dim smoke hanging in air; and every hill gashes and glares with shooting fires. The fire-bells are ringing in double time, and a heavy swinging boom clashes from the great bells of temples. Couriers lash their horses, riding furiously to Yedo; junks and scull-boats arrive hourly at Shinagawa with news; runners, bearing dispatches, pant in government offices. The hollow doors of the Great Gate beat with alarms. The charmed Dragon country shakes and trembles. Iyéyoshi, twelfth Shogun of the Tokugawa line, sits in his city. Sits in the midst of one million, two hundred thousand trembling souls, and his mind rolls forward and back like a ball on a circular runway, and finds no goal. Roll, poor distracted mind of a sick man. What can you do but wait, trusting in your Dragon Gate, for how should you know that it is rusted. But there is a sign over the "black ships." A wedge-shaped tail of blue sparklets, edged with red, trails above them as though a Dragon were pouring violet sulphurous spume from steaming nostrils, and the hulls and rigging are pale, quivering, bright as Taira ghosts on the sea of Nagato. Up and down, walk sentinels, fore and aft, and at the side gangways. There is a pile of round shot and four stands of grape beside each gun; and carbines, and pistols, and cutlasses, are laid in the boats. Floating arsenals—floating sample-rooms for the wares of a continent, shop-counters, flanked with weapons, adrift among the jelly-fishes. Eight bells, and the meteor washes away before the wet, white wisps of dawn. Through the countrysides of the "Land of Great Peace," flowers are blooming. The greenish-white, sterile blossoms of hydrangeas boom faintly like distant inaudible bombs of color exploding in the woods. Weigelias prick the pink of their slender trumpets against green backgrounds. The fan- [443] Guns as Keys: and the Great Gate Swings shaped leaves of ladies’ slippers rustle under cryptomerias. Midsummer heat curls about the cinnamon-red tree-boles along the Tokaido. The road ripples and glints with the passing to and fro, and beyond, in the roadstead, the "black ships" swing at their anchors and wait. All up and down the Eastern shore of the bay is a feverish digging, patting, plastering. Forts to be built in an hour to resist the barbarians, if, peradventure, they can. Japan turned to, what will it not do! Fishermen and palanquin-bearers, packhorse-leaders and farm-laborers, even women and children, pat and plaster. Disaster batters at the Dragon Gate. Batters at the doors of Yedo, where Samurai unpack their armour, and whet and feather their arrows. Daimios smoke innumerable pipes, and drink unnumbered cups of tea, discussing—discussing—"What is to be done?" The Shogun is no Emperor. What shall they do if the "hairy devils" take a notion to go to Kioto! Then indeed would the Tokugawa fall. The prisons are crammed with those who advise opening the Gate. Open the Gate, and let the State scatter like dust to the wind! Absurd! Unthinkable! Suppress the "brocade pictures" of the floating monsters with which book-sellers and picture-shop keepers are delighting and affrighting the populace. Place a ban on speech. Preach, inert Daimios—the Commodore will not go to Nagasaki, and the roar of his guns will drown the clattering fall of your Dragon Doors if you do not open them in time. East and West, and trade shaded by heroism. Hokusai is dead, but his pupils are lampooning your carpet soldiers. Spare the dynasty—parley, procrastinate. Appoint two Princes to receive the Commodore, at once, since he will not wait over long. At Kurihama, for he must not come to Yedo. Flip—flap—flutter—flags in front of the Conference House. Built over night, it seems, with unpainted peaked summits of roofs gleaming like ricks of grain. Flip—flutter [444] Amy Lowell —flap—variously-tinted flags, in a crescent about nine tall standards whose long scarlet pennons brush the ground. Beat —tap—fill and relapse—the wind pushing against taut white cloth screens, bellying out the Shogun’s crest of heart-shaped Asarum leaves in the panels, crumpling them to indefinite figures of scarlet spotting white. Flip—ripple—brighten— over serried ranks of soldiers on the beach. Sword-bearers, spear-bearers, archers, lancers, and those who carry heavy, antiquated match-locks. The block of them five thousand armed men, drawn up in front of a cracking golden door. But behind their bristling spears, the cracks are hidden. Braying, blasting blares from two brass bands, approaching in glittering boats over glittering water. One is playing the "Overture" from "William Tell," the other, "The Last Rose of Summer," and the way the notes clash, and shock, and shatter, and dissolve, is wonderful to hear. Queer barbarian music, and the monkey-soldiers stand stock still, listening to its reverberation humming in the folded doors of the Great Gate. Stuff your ears, monkey-soldiers, screw your faces, shudder up and down your spines. Cannon! Cannon! from one of the "black ships." Thirteen thudding explosions, thirteen red dragon tongues, thirteen clouds of smoke like the breath of the mountain gods. Thirteen hammer strokes shaking the Great Gate, and the seams in the metal widen. Open Sesame, shotless guns; and "The Only, High, Grand and Mighty, Invisible Mysteriousness, Chief Barbarian" reveals himself, and steps into his barge. Up, oars, down; drip—sun-spray—rowlock-rattle. To shore! To shore! Set foot upon the sacred soil of the "Land of Great Peace," with its five thousand armed men doing nothing with their spears and match-locks, because of the genii in the black guns aboard the "black ships." One hundred marines in a line up the wharf. One hundred [445] Guns as Keys: and the Great Gate Swings sailors, man to man, opposite them. Officers, two deep; and, up the centre—the Procession. Bands together now: "Hail Columbia." Marines in file, sailors after, a staff with the American flag borne by seamen, another with the Commodore’s broad pennant. Two boys, dressed for ceremony, carrying the President’s letter and credentials in golden boxes. Tall, blue-black negroes on either side of—THE COMMODORE! Walking slowly, gold, blue, steel-glitter, up to the Conference House, walking in state up to an ancient tottering Gate, lately closed securely, but now gaping. Bands, rain your music against this golden barrier, harry the ears of the monkey-men. The doors are ajar, and the Commodore has entered. Prince of Idzu—Prince of Iwami—in winged dresses of gold brocade, at the end of a red carpet, under violet, silken hangings, under crests of scarlet heart-shaped Asarum leaves, guardians of a scarlet lacquered box, guardians of golden doors, worn thin and bending. In silence the blue-black negroes advance, and take the golden boxes from the page boys; in silence they open them and unwrap blue velvet coverings. Silently they display the documents to the Prince of Idzu—the Prince of Iwami— motionless, inscrutable—beyond the red carpet. The vellum crackles as it is unfolded, and the long silk-gold cords of the seals drop their gold tassels to straight glistening inches and swing slowly—gold tassels clock-ticking before a doomed, burnished gate. The negroes lay the vellum documents upon the scarlet lacquered box; bow, and retire. "I am desirous that our two countries should trade with each other." Careful letters, carefully traced on rich parchment, and the low sun casts the shadow of the Gate far inland over high hills. "The letter of the President of the United States will be [446] Amy Lowell delivered to the Emperor. Therefore you can now go." The Commodore, rising: "I will return for the answer during the coming Spring." But ships are frail, and seas are fickle, one can nail fresh plating over the thin gate before Spring. Prince of Idzu— Prince of Iwami—inscrutable statesmen, insensate idiots, trusting blithely to a lock when the key-guns are trained even now upon it. Withdraw, Procession. Dip oars back to the "black ships." Slip cables and depart, for day after day will lapse and nothing can retard a coming Spring. Panic Winter throughout the "Land of Great Peace." Panic, and haste, wasting energies and accomplishing nothing. Kioto has heard, and prays, trembling. Priests at the shrine of Isé whine long slow supplications from dawn to dawn, and through days dropping down again from morning. Iyéyoshi is dead, and Iyésada rules in Yedo; thirteenth Shogun of the Tokugawa. Rules and struggles, rescinds laws, urges reforms; breathless, agitated endeavors to patch and polish where is only corroding and puffed particles of dust. It is Winter still in the Bay of Yedo, though the plum-trees of Kamata and Kinagawa are white and fluttering. Winter, with green, high, angular seas. But over the water, far toward China, are burning the furnaces of three great steamers, and four sailing vessels heel over, with decks slanted and sails full and pulling. "There’s a bit of a lop, this morning. Mr. Jones, you’d better take in those royals." "Ay, ay, Sir. Tumble up here, men! Tumble up! Lay aloft and stow royals. Haul out to leeward." "To my, Ay, And we’ll furl Ay, [447] Guns as Keys: and the Great Gate Swings And pay Paddy Doyle for his boots." "Taught band—knot away." Chug! Chug! go the wheels of the consorts, salting smokestacks with whirled spray. The Commodore lights a cigar, and paces up and down the quarter-deck of the Powhatan. "I wonder what the old yellow devils will do," he muses. Forty feet high, the camellia trees, with hard, green buds unburst. It is early yet for camellias, and the green buds and the glazed green leaves toss frantically in a blustering March wind. Sheltered behind the forty feet high camellia trees, on the hills of Idzu, stand watchmen straining their eyes over a broken dazzle of sea. Just at the edge of moonlight and sunlight—moon setting; sun rising—they come. Seven war ships heeled over and flashing, dashing through heaped waves, sleeping a moment in hollows leaping over ridges, sweeping forward in a strain of canvas and a train of red-black smoke. "The fire-ships! The fire-ships!" Slip the bridles of your horses, messengers, and clatter down the Tokaido; scatter pedestrians, palanquins, slow moving cattle, right and left into the cryptomerias ; rattle over bridges, spatter dust into shop-windows. To Yedo! To Yedo! For Spring is here, and the fire-ships have come! Seven vessels, flying the stars and stripes, three more shortly to join them, with ripe, fruit-bearing guns pointed inland. Princes evince doubt, distrust. Learning must beat learning. Appoint a Professor of the University. Delay, prevaricate. How long can the play continue? Hayashi, learned scholar of Confucius and Mencius—he shall confer with the Barbarians at Uraga. Shall he! Word comes that the Mighty Chief of Ships will not go to Uraga. Steam is up, and —Horror! Consternation! The squadron moves toward [448] Amy Lowell Yedo! Sailors, midshipmen, lieutenants pack yards and cross-trees, seeing temple gates, castle towers, flowered pagodas, and look-outs looming distantly clear, and the Commodore on deck can hear the slow booming of the bells from the temples of Shiba and Asakusa. You must capitulate, great Princes of a quivering Gate. Say Yokohama, and the Commodore will agree, for they must not come to Yedo. Rows of japonicas in full bloom outside the Conference House. Flags and streamers, and musicians and pikemen. Five hundred officers, seamen, marines, and the Commodore following in his white-painted gig. A jig of fortune indeed, with a sailor and a professor manoeuvring for terms, chess-playing each other in a game of future centuries. The Americans bring presents. Presents now, to be bought hereafter. Goodwill, to head long bills of imports. Occidental mechanisms to push the Orient into limbo. Fox-moves of interpreters, and Pandora’s box with a contents rated far too low. Round and round goes the little train on its circular railroad, at twenty miles an hour, with grave dignitaries seated on its roof. Smiles, gestures, at messages running over wire, a mile away. Touch the harrows, the plows, the flails, and shudder at the "spirit pictures" of the daguerreotype machine. These Barbarians have harnessed gods and dragons. They build boats which will not sink, and tinker little gold wheels till they follow the swinging of the sun. Run to the Conference House. See, feel, listen. And shrug deprecating shoulders at the glisten of silk and lacquer given in return. What are cups cut out of conch-shells, and red-dyed figured crêpe, to railroads, and burning engines! Go on board the "black ships" and drink mint juleps and brandy smashes, and click your tongues over sweet puddings. Offer the strangers pickled plums, sugared fruits, candied [449] Guns as Keys: and the Great Gate Swings walnuts. Bruit the news far inland through the mouths of countrymen. Who thinks of the Great Gate! Its portals are pushed so far back that the shining edges of them can scarcely be observed. The Commodore has never swerved a moment from his purpose, and the dragon mouths of his guns have conquered without the need of a single powder-horn. The Commodore writes in his cabin. Writes an account of what he has done. The sands of centuries run fast, one slides, and another, each falling into a smother of dust. A locomotive in pay for a Whistler; telegraph wires buying a revolution; weights and measures and Audubon’s birds in exchange for fear. Yellow monkey-men leaping out of Pandora’s box, shaking the rocks of the Western coastline. Golden California bartering panic for prints. The dressing-gowns of a continent won at the cost of security. Artists and philosophers lost in the hour-glass sand pouring through an open Gate. Ten ships sailing for China on a fair May wind. Ten ships sailing from one world into another, but never again into the one they left. Two years and a tip-turn is accomplished. Over the globe and back, Rip Van Winkle ships. Slip into your docks in Newport, in Norfolk, in Charlestown. You have blown off the locks of the East, and what is coming will come. POSTLUDE In the Castle moat, lotus flowers are blooming, They shine with the light of an early moon Brightening above the Castle towers. They shine in the dark circles of their unreflecting leaves. Pale blossoms, Pale towers, [450] Amy Lowell Pale moon, Deserted ancient moat About an ancient stronghold, Your bowmen are departed, Your strong walls are silent, Their only echo A croaking of frogs. Frogs croaking at the moon In the ancient moat Of an ancient, crumbling Castle. 1903. Japan The high cliff of the Kegon waterfall, and a young man carving words on the trunk of a tree. He finishes, pauses an instant, and then leaps into the foam-cloud rising from below. But, on the tree-trunk, the newly-cut words blaze white and hard as though set with diamonds: "How mightily and steadily go Heaven and Earth! How infinite the duration of Past and Present! Try to measure this vastness with five feet. A word explains the Truth of the whole Universe—unknowable. To cure my agony I have decided to die. Now, as I stand on the crest of this rock, no uneasiness is left in me. For the first time I know that extreme pessimism and extreme optimism are one." 1903. America "Nocturne—Blue and silver—Battersea Bridge. Nocturne—Grey and Silver—Chelsea Embankment. Variations in Violet and Green." Pictures in a glass-roofed gallery, and all day long the throng of people is so great that one can scarcely see them. Debits—credits? Flux and flow through a wide gateway. Occident—Orient—after fifty years. [451] Rudd By Waldo Frank RUDD’S wife had been sick for a long time; Rudd was not sure any more how long,— but the glad years when he had come back evenings from work with the kitchen gleaming and the boys eager and the dinner ready seemed altogether dim, and true only as things remembered are if one have faith in them. Of course, all that could not have been so very far in the past, for there was Andy, the oldest, only eight, and Jack but six. Helpless, smitten lads they had become when their mother took to her bed. And at once, the kitchen had begun to chant its grey refrain. And so real was the pall over the flat, so far-reaching the emptiness of life with the bed filled in the little room, that nothing happier seemed ever to have been. The happy part had faded—like the cheerful chapters of his religion. Rudd had been forced to work harder and longer during those weeks when the time away from home was even so more unending and labor at all a strain. He had been forced to work at night—to help the boys to their supper, to give Mary her drink of medicine, and then to leave for the ragged-end jobs that he procured after hours. And through it, there stirred in his mind, vaguely removed from his consciousness, the thought that all this was a bitter joke life played on him. The thought was—it seemed to him—"next door"; like a sound that one hears from the real world when one is dreaming. The dream is bad; the sound calls from a reality where the dream will die. But still, one goes on dreaming, fasci- [452] Waldo Frank nated, foolish, helpless, merging the outer sound into the nightmare’s texture. So, somehow, Rudd was aware of the joke that life was playing on him. And somewhere his fancy had woven a picture of what must be, when he grew fully conscious of it. Rudd was a bricklayer. His trade was little in his life beyond a capable and fairly steady means to what was everything. He took pride in the way he worked. But he had a greater pride. The foremen knew his worth, but when they spoke of it always there was a smile of reserve on his lips that they failed to understand. The smile said : "If you knew my real masterpiece!" But to the foremen, to his mates, the smile had if anything a flavor of contempt. So that the men who most admired Rudd, expressing themselves, came to be the men who liked him least. There was an aloofness, an unconcern about him that they could not forgive. And the consequence must be that Rudd would always get what he deserved—and never any more. He was a spare tall man, with grey eyes and heavy hands and a rhythm of muscle forever playing beneath the drab of his clothes. His smile was a thin curling of his lips above a jaw that was sheer, yet gentle rather than commanding. And the masterpiece of which the smile made boast was his home. Here was his great work, as he understood it; and here, in truth, was where he dwelt. For a fault gnawed in Rudd; he was proud of his happiness and he was prone to bask in its sun. He had not counted on Mary’s failing in her part of his pride. He looked upon her illness in that light. She had been a slender, pretty woman, proud of her husband as he was of her. They had many acquaintances of whom none could resist envying and admiring their state. And if they had no real friends among these, the cause lay completely in themselves. They needed no friends. They had no desire to [453] Rudd give of their real selves. They prized each other and their children and the relative glamor of their home. They were unwilling in any generous sense to share their happiness, since they were sure, instinctively, that to do so had been to lessen or at least to dim it. They had the isolation, then, of all truly happy people. For in those who would win contentment there must dwell a passionate singleness of purpose much like that which leads the artist to greatness or the prophet to revelation. There was, however, no mere conceit in Rudd’s pleasure of his wife. Mary had chosen him from a full field. She was clever and quick and clean, and miraculously able to scrub by day and shine by night. And now, all of a sudden, here she was failing of her great part in his pride! Here she was, drawn of face, languid of gesture, dull of charm:—and then, at length, moistly huddled in her bed, feverish and limp. It was the first trick that fortune had played on Rudd. He took it stoutly at first. He did his share in meeting it. Not until Mary had sunk beyond the brink of knowing did his feeling of anger and resentment rise above his sorrow. But since this was the true reflex of his nature to misfortune, it was sure eventually to come. For Rudd in his own family of life was a spoiled child. And he had spirit—the same spirit that had won him his contentment—to fling now against its disappearance. Rudd knew that the Lodge doctor was lying when he shook his head and looked down at his womanish hands and said: "I wish I could encourage you, old man. I’ll be back tomorrow." It was such nonsense, innumerable little instances of it, with which he doubtless built up his practice, as bricks mount into a wall. Mary was not yet thirty! And last Christmns they had danced together at the ball till the sun came and made the other women look like painted pictures in a book. But the sun had made Mary glow like one of the flowers she cared [454] Waldo Frank for in the kitchen window. They had gone home singing— silently though it was. For all of the night they had been dancing together, though the men made faces—and the women too. Rudd was sure of that, because Mary had told him so. And such a wife did not deserve to be a mere brick in a doctor’s wall of alarms. Rudd discharged the Lodge physician and engaged another and began to work at night to pay his daily visit. But at last the visit became a twice daily happening. And then, there was the same long face, the same shake of the learned head, the same hateful, pious clasping of white hands. But not yet did Rudd believe. What frightened him, however, was that he did not disbelieve so steadfastly—that to do so was a more strenuous summoning of will. He did not dare to discharge this doctor. He did not dare to face him, any more than the truth behind his coming. He kept on working at night and joking with the boys. And since to be with Mary much was to face the doctor’s truth, he did not dare that either. Here his work helped him. But the fine edge of Mary’s consciousness was blurred, so that perhaps this did not make her suffer. And then like a burst of storm belief in what the doctor said did come to Rudd. And under it his spirit crumpled and collapsed. Why work, now, at night? It was only a matter of time before the end? Would he care for funds after that? Rudd spent his evenings at home in the big room where he could hear his wife’s hard breathing and the easy slumber of the boys. At length, his wife’s hard breathing came equally by day as by night. And something robbed the airy bloom from the boys’ sleep—it was never more clear to him than that. And then, Rudd spent also his days at home. He sat at the kitchen table, his shoulders tremorously drawn in, his hands forever clenching and distending, his eyes wilfully flashing and then bathed in their own hot repression— [455] Rudd the picture of a man who had been insulted. And a true picture it was. For this was the theme of his growing mood. Without reason and without warning, he was being grossly, desperately insulted! And as if ropes bound his muscles, he must sit there and take the insult. Andy came back from school, bringing Jack who had been playing in the street. The elder boy placed away his books, the other his ball, with a new quietness. They looked without nodding at their father and then, to his relief, went in to their mother. Rudd was uncomfortable in their presence. What lowered over his home was a loss to them. Yet a loss in some lights can be an honorable thing. They who were little boys could not feel it as a slur. But since it was a slur to him, so full and clear, Rudd felt that his sons must know it. And this was unbearable—that his sons should see him humiliated and without respect. And this was why Rudd felt relief when the boys went in to their mother. And this was why it was impossible for him to follow. The two boys felt the stressed reserve in their suddenly strange father and left him alone. Their voices had become low and their eyes vagrant, in their home. They had been born close enough to life, they had sprung up through a layer of it vivid and vital enough to have a sentiment of what was death. But also, they retained the candid stoicism of their youth—the quality of acceptance that springs from want of space or time to conceive otherwise. Their world, since it partook of whatever happened, was merely going on. Their father’s world, since it was builded on a past, was disappearing. So Rudd sat quietly at the table and heard the door close, gently shutting out the boys and his sinking wife; and yearned for the grief he knew he felt, to overwhelm him as respite from this far more bitter sense of degradation. These things were the currency of life. He thought of his mother who had [456] Waldo Frank lost three children and her husband before the beginnings of his memory. He thought of a friend who had fallen from a scaffold and became a cripple with a crippled mind. He thought of the fire in the next block which had spared an old couple and killed both their children. He found, as he thought, that these thoughts meant little; that they were vague, unreal puffs of cloud in some atmosphere he had no need of. Every day he read the papers; and they were filled with these calamities and jests of fortune. And they, too, belonged to a plane of being that in no way impinged on his own. The mishaps of those he knew, the reports in the papers, the concise dramas of the motion-pictures—all of them dwelt alike outside, contactless with himself, brewing if anything a liquor of excitement that he paid pennies, nickels, to partake of. Yes: even the sorrows of his friends, in the last measure, had heightened the reality of his own peace—no more. Was his sorrow, now, doing the same thing for other calm spectators? Was his destruction, somewhere, a mere nickel’s worth of fun? Rudd jumped to his feet, his fists clenched. And then, limp, he sank down again. He could not find this "show," so he could not destroy it. He could only play his part. For he knew, dimly, that he had been paid for it in advance. These were flashes in the thick cloud of his consciousness. They went, leaving the heaviness and the greyness and the encompassing bar to the sun. His thoughts were compressed and tight and slow-moving. They drove into him like a blunt mallet in the hand of a dull giant. And their direction was downward. Rudd’s hands slid out over the table and his head fell on his arms. His eyes were open. His eyes took in the steady, rough grain of the wood that was just below them and that so quickly ran beyond—a hard meaningless surface against his vision, which somehow, in the running of the grain, did have a meaning. This engrossed Rudd. He thought of nothing. He felt [457] Rudd in the nearness of the table’s surface shutting out his sight that he himself was hidden. He found a security in this opaqueness. He found a soothing note in the sheer rough rhythm of the grain. And then, he looked up, feeling the eyes of his two boys. They stood slightly aloof, taking him in. With an angry emphasis, Rudd threw up his head. "Well?" He did not know what leaned him toward the yielding figures of his boys as a relief from the hard surface of the table— and then, what drew him savagely, revengefully. Perhaps, without his guessing, he envied and abhorred their isolating fitness for what must come. Andy spoke: "Mother fell asleep—fell asleep." His little wiry body—its life—was a burden of protest to such a sleep. His hand clasped his brother’s. They stood side by side, as if they had been suppliants before a throne. Rudd gripped himself more easily as he saw this. His weakness, then, had escaped them. "It’s good for Mother to sleep. Let her." "It’s not good !" The words were from the younger child. But they were not his, consciously. He said what he felt rather than what he knew. His father caught the fatal austerity of this. "Go for the doctor!" The command was for the older boy. Rudd caught Jack in his two arms and lifted him on his knees, while Andy had flown out; and held him straight, vicing his shoulders, seeking his gaze. He found it. He held it. His child’s spirit flowed to him. They sat there, motionless, rigid, upright. And neither of them knew, while the child sat on his father’s knee, with his frail body clamped in the strong hands, that it was he who was strong and who sustained the other. But both of them knew that the woman who slept was dead. . . . [458] Waldo Frank There was no relief for Rudd ; and also there was no change. The little room was still full with its ironic emptiness. The jest of life stayed balanced, as if revelling in its climax. Rudd’s nerves were more tautly drawn. His head was duller underneath its load. The silence about his breast was a more stifling one. Everything was the same. Merely, everything was keyed a little nearer to a shriek. For Rudd had not been able to raise up his sorrow that it might cleanse his degradation. With all of his old self that his sorrow mourned, his sorrow lay submerged. . . . But at last, the gaunt, silent, eloquent vestige of Rudd’s pride was laid away. He thought: when he saw home again, at least it would be really empty, even if it could never again be home. It would be altogether of the broken present. It would be too bare even to remind him of the happy past. Things must grow better then—the sing of his nerves told him—or they must break! As he rode to her grave, he felt how wrong he was. The lads were close about him in the carriage, like thoughts, like memories, like pain. They throbbed and were mute and were ubiquitous in just this way. He was their father. That meant that he must master them. He felt his failing to. Had he been master, they would not have been so enduring, so cloy-ing-close. In all ways, they were like his senses that clung with him, while he, acknowledging them bluntly, could neither understand nor cast away. They were the true remains of his life, the true point of the jest that was his life. That which rolled silently along before them, with its wreath of immortelles, was no longer anything at all. There was no sense in burying that. It was dead—that death! But there was another death—the death that his two boys, clinging close to him, were forever bringing back. That death was alive! Why could not they be buried? But they could not be buried. They would go home with [459] Rudd him. They would remain with him. They were like his thoughts. There was no escape from them. Even, he would have to nourish them! That which he had deemed the climax of the jest was the point of its starting. It would weave into the texture of his love for the living his horror over the love that was lost. It would continue laughing slowly through all his life. . . . The thinking of these things was a drone and a rhythm:— one, first, with the swing of the wheels, and one, at last, with the swing of his breath. Swathed in the things he thought, Rudd stood over the broken earth and looked down into the grave. Beyond him waved the world. A fringe of trees rolled over the hill that was golden and purple in the sun. The sky glanced against it and its infinite steadfastness made a wave of the landside and a mood of the trees. The wind ran trem-orously along. Rudd saw only the grave; but the wind sang in his ears and what it sang was the secret of all it had traversed to reach him. On the horizon, the brow of the hill touched a cloud. And the cloud’s top touched the sun. And the wind had come from the horizon. So a great need came over Rudd. He could escape his thoughts. He knew a way. But these living, growing forms of his thoughts, that clasped his hands? He must escape them first! Rudd drew free his hands. He did not look at the faces of his boys. Simply, he walked away from their faces. And his harsh gait, as he strode out of earshot, was a measure of his disordered will. Three days Rudd did not return. He wandered about. He drank enough to blunt the edge of insult cutting his nerves. He kept himself at that. He had a mist about him to dim the direction of his thoughts. But he still had a sense of their stirring, of their nearness, of the danger of their approach. He did not dare to lose this altogether. Something [460] Waldo Frank held him from taking liquor to that end. And this same thing it was that at last drew him home. His living through these three days had been like a siege for him. Within, safe for the moment, was a self that did not see and did not hurt. Without, was the bitter and beating and intolerable mass of his emotions which he had managed to thrust away, but which drove stubbornly back toward their home. As the siege wore on, he knew that they would return. He was not surprised, as he opened the door of his flat. He had never reasonably figured out another course. And he had not drunk enough entirely to lose his reason. A woman who lived below and whom he had seldom seen faced him, as he stood slightly hesitant in the threshold. Behind her, seated, doing nothing, were his two sons. The flat had a vast and vacant air to his veering senses. In it, the boys were petty and out of scale. The realities were the looming strange emptiness of the place where he had lived, and the sudden challenge of the woman. Rudd glanced beyond her to the table which was bare and to the stove which was cold. It was early evening. The shadows came up from the street and into the window. Another shadow lay against the room from the door of the little chamber, and made the room almost blindingly light by contrast. The door was open. Everything was larger than its wont, and new with a sudden oldness. Rudd saw the sewing-machine with its little stool. It was huge. He saw the painted china statue and the colored picture. They were flushed with a fever. From these abandoned marks of his past came a shrill tremor that caught in his brain and made him dizzy. Rudd stood very still and bent his mind to steadiness. Why were his two sons so small and quiet? The woman’s voice broke in and made him listen. "Well, Mr. Rudd," she said, "So you’ve come home at last? And are you expecting me to feed you too, as I have your sons?" [461] Rudd Rudd swayed a bit. This was what the woman needed to unleash her. "A fine father you are!" He saw his sons, meekly quiet, their eyes lowered from their father, their bodies withdrawn. "You’d ’a’ let ’em starve, I suppose—you big brute!—abandoning your children when they’ve gone and lost their mother. God! you men—carousing for three days. Well, I ain’t no millionaire. I got no more food to spare for ’em. I guess it’s up to you to get ’em their dinner." She marched directly upon him. "Let me pass," she sneered. With a heavy arm, she thrust him aside. The door slammed. The noise showered out and went through Rudd like steel, sobering him. He saw himself, alone with his two sons. A great shame possessed him, shrivelling up all his other senses. Barely, he made out his sons, still sitting there. They were eloquent in their withdrawal from this father who had shamed himself. . . . Rudd clenched his fists. He could not bear this subtle proof of his disgrace. He must win over his sons, though the task sickened him. He must blot out their mute shy calm that branded him more clearly, even than the words of the woman. They had listened while this stranger flayed their father! He had lost his love—his life. And now this living humiliation was heaped on the grave of his pride—on the remains of death? A woman had spoken in that way before his sons? Had struck at him so, with her service to his sons? Always— his sons! They were there, eternally then, to quicken his disgrace! The impulse surged in Rudd to wipe them out. Another impulse came to fall on his knees before them—told him that this completion would be sweet. But Rudd threw up his head. "Come, lads," he cried. "We’re going out to supper." [462] Waldo Frank They put on their hats and coats with the same cowed look of accusation. They said nothing. It was their silence which Rudd found insufferable. For through it came more clearly their contempt and their disgust, and the sharp contrast with what once had been. As they walked down the street, he tried to alter this. He tried to joke, to ask them questions. But how could he joke when he had last seen them at their mother’s grave? And how could he ask them questions without questioning how they had been since she had left them? And how could he hear them speak without looking in their faces from which he had walked away? They entered the restaurant in a cold stillness. On one side of the narrow room was a counter fitted with stools revolving on iron rods. On the other was a squad of tables bare of cloth, cluttered with canisters and thick dishes and the sprawling elbows of the eaters. Above the counter was a glass pasted with cardboard notices of food and prices. Behind it worked an unshaved man in an apron of dirty white. Another, even a little greasier, worked the tables. The place was alive with men and women; silence swarmed over their drab movements like a slow rotting. It was as if the squalor of the place, rather than the food, were stifling their hunger. Rudd and his sons sat down. Rudd took the bill of fare. Here was one topic of talk where he could venture. Into it he put all of himself, all of his starved capacity of father. From it, in some mad way, he seemed to seek redemption. "Well, lads," he announced, "what will you have to eat? Anything you want. Now, make sure!" He read down the list, stressing the delicacies, putting a tinge of rhapsody gleaned from another and true pathos into his voice as he pronounced them, slurring the common meats as if they were beneath the splendor of his rite. The boys listened with unaltered faces. Rudd grew lyric over the desserts. And then, he paused. [463] Rudd "I want some fried eggs," said Andy, with a cold decision that seemed to have been made before the reading of the bill of fare. "Me too," said Jack. His tone was the same. The father quavered over this abyss from his proud comedy. He feared for his balance. "Aren’t you hungrier than that?" he pleaded. "Mrs. Wagner gave us a whole lot for lunch." Rudd winced. The waiter was standing over him, supercilious and ready for the order. "Very well," declared Rudd, beating down the still rising pain. "Fried eggs, three times," he gave out. He avoided looking at the waiter. His presence was hostile to him. He had heard Rudd’s prandial oration,—and its anti-climax. This may have been an initial cause. For the fellow had dared to smile. And the poison of that smile had seeped now through all Rudd’s personality. "And what with it—potatoes?" the waiter asked, his head also up. Rudd turned to his boys in question. They nodded almost imperceptibly. "How?" asked their father. It was as if he had been addressing some unreality. That was why he found it painful to control his voice. "Boiled," was their low answer. "Boiled potatoes on the side," ordered Rudd, and the other man lounged off. Once more there was silence. The one topic of talk was exhausted. It had helped not at all. Rudd waited, tapping the floor with his foot. But even this he ceased to do. He became altogether still. His two sons gazed vacantly ahead, with their hands clasped and their eyes glistening and their spirit altogether pinched and broken. [464] Waldo Frank And then, an infinite air came and held all three,—an air that was cloying and thick and unbreathable, and that they had to breathe—an air of Permanence. In its drawing chill, in its measured penetration, Rudd recognized it. At last, the waiter returned and laid their food before them on the table. [465] The Broncho That Would Not be Broken of Dancing By Vachel Lindsay A LITTLE colt-broncho, loaned to the farm To be broken in time without fury or harm. Yet black crows flew past you, shouting alarm. Calling "Beware," with lugubrious singing. But the butterflies there in the bush were romancing, The smell of the grass caught your soul in a trance, So why be a-fearing the spurs and the traces, Oh, Broncho that would not be broken of dancing? You were born with the pride of the lords great and olden Who danced, through the ages, in corridors golden. In all the wide farm-place the person most human. You spoke out so plainly with squealing and capering, With whinnying, snorting, contorting and prancing, As you dodged your pursuers, looking askance, With Greek-footed figures and Parthenon paces; Oh, Broncho that would not be broken of dancing. The grasshoppers cheered. "Keep whirling," they said. The insolent sparrows called from the shed "If men will not laugh, make them wish they were dead." But arch were your thoughts, all malice displacing. Though the horse-killers came, with snake-whips advancing, You bantered and cantered away your last chance. [466] Vachel Lindsay And they scourged you, with Hell in their speech and their faces, Oh, Broncho that would not be broken of dancing. "Nobody cares for you" rattled the crows, As you dragged the whole reaper, next day, down the rows. The three mules held back, yet you danced on your toes. You pulled like a racer, and kept the mules chasing, You tangled the harness, with bright eyes side-glancing, While the drunk driver bled you, a pole for a lance, And the giant mules bit at you, keeping their places, Oh, Broncho that would not be broken of dancing. In that last afternoon, your boyish heart broke. The hot wind came down, like a sledge-hammer stroke. The blood-sucking flies to a rare feast awoke. And they searched out your wounds, your death-warrant tracing; And the merciful men, their religion enhancing, Stopped the red reaper, to give you a chance. Then you died on the prairie, and scorned all disgraces, Oh, Broncho that would not be broken of dancing. [467] A Group of Lyrics Leave-Taking WILL the world still live for you When I am gone? Will the straight garden poppy Still sprout blood from its green throat Before your feet? Will the five cleft petals of the campion Still be rose-colored, Like five murdered senses, for you? Will your trees still live, Thrust metallic bosses of leafage From the hill side in the summer light ; Will the leaves sway and grow darker, Rustle, swirl in the gales; Decay into gold and orange, Crinkle and shrivel, And fall silently at last On frosty grass? Will there be sun for you; The line of near hills Cut, as in thin blue steel, Against red haze? Will there be silence? [468] A Group of Lyrics Will not even the clean acrid sea Turn stale upon your lips? Will the world die for you As it dies for me? -Richard Aldington. An Old Conceit New-dressed MAY will not come again to me With bird on the green tree, And dandelion in sun: But when the winter’s done I shall behold as others have before The narrow door. Nor shall I hesitate Before that chastening gate; But just turn back to fling To the awakening spring (Feeling the earth-mole start and blindly stir In the deep heart of her) This one memorial rose To the reluctant snows, This singing lance of light Where arbutus is white, And go glad-hearted after pain to sleep— But not too deep For timothy and all friendly grasses When the first robin passes, To reach with love that seeks The faded glow of cheeks, [469] A Group of Lyrics The swift limbs’ laughing strength All the dear body’s length, And lift me once again Into the beat of rain, The burly clasp of bees, The reticence of trees, Until some sunrise the red-bird in the larch Feels his throat parch With unusual aching (When April’s making Where every orchard covers Brown and happy lovers) And I shall flame one morning into song, Dead, they thought, so long. —Willard Wattles. Magic Screen THE city misted in rain, dim wet flashes of light Strike through the dusk; vaguely thunders a train; The cabs rattle and slip over the glimmering street. Under the wheels and hooves and hurrying feet The darkly-shining pave Reaches into the night. On blackness color flames: purple and blurs of red Like fruits of faery bloom, Yellow soft as honey and gold, green as though crushed emeralds bled, Arctic blue in pale cold ribbons Lost in gloom.— Wind, and across the shaken lanterns The obscure shadows loom.	—Babette Deutsch. [470] A Group of Lyrics In the Next Yard OYES, you are very cunning, I can see that: Out there in the snow with your red cart And your wooly grey coat And those ridiculous Little grey leggings! Like a rabbit, A demure brownie. 0	yes, you are cunning; But do not think you will escape your father and mother And what your brothers are! I	know the pattern. It will surely have you— For all these elfish times in the snow— As commonplace as the others, Little grey rabbit.	—Helen Hoyt. The Nobility BEHIND blinking lids of banter, playing at butterfly, profundity digs his cave. Careless of her weak yellow gums, sorrow smiles like a toad and snarls an insipid ditty. Not unruefully, the aged night trees raise their petticoats; their skinny white knees protrude and flirt with the fireflies. The earth snores in his sleep, as the worms squirming in his brain weave a nightmare of glee. For a noble breath or two, scorn is god . . . The river plays on on his flute. The stupid mountains shrug their shoulders. The elephant moon goes, wagging his head. —Alfred Kreymborg. [471] A Group of Lyrics The Old Courtesan (After the Bronze by Auguste Rodin) SHE is old and ugly— Battered with years, Like an inn That life has deserted Long ago— Love once held revel in her heart; Youth once lay captive on those breasts; Now! She is old and ugly— Wrinkled with years, Like a grape That Life has squeezed out Over its cup— Time has pressed flat the fulness of her cheeks; Lust has sucked dry the sweetness of her lips ; Now! She is old and ugly— Yellow with years, Like a parchment That Life has scrawled over and over With villainous rhymes. —Alter Brody. [472] Young Spain By John R. Dos Passos THE señores were from Madrid? Indeed! The man’s voice was full of an awe of great distances. He was the village baker of Almorox, where we had gone on a Sunday excursion from Madrid; and we were standing on the scrubbed tile floor of his house, ceremoniously receiving wine and figs from his wife. The father of the friend who accompanied me had once lived in the same village as the baker’s father, and bought bread of him; hence the entertainment. This baker of Almorox was a tall man, with a soft moustache very black against his ash-pale face, who stood with his large head thrust far forward. He was smiling with pleasure at the presence of strangers in his house, while in a tone of shy deprecating courtesy he asked after my friend’s family. Don Fernando and Doña Ana and the Señorita were well? And little Carlos? Carlos was no longer little, answered my friend, and Doña Ana was dead. The baker’s wife had stood in the shadow looking from one face to another with a sort of wondering pleasure as we talked, but at this she came forward suddenly into the pale greenish-gold light that streamed through the door, holding a dark wine-bottle before her. There were tears in her eyes. No; she had never known any of them, she explained hastily—she had never been away from Almorox—but she had heard so much of their kindness and was sorry. ... It was terrible to lose a father or a mother. The tall baker shifted his feet uneasily, embarrassed by the sadness that seemed slipping over his guests, and suggested that we walk up the hill to the Hermitage; he would show the way. [473] Young Spain "But your work?" we asked. Ah, it did not matter. Strangers did not come every day to Almorox. He strode out of the door, wrapping a woolen muffler about his bare strongly moulded throat, and we followed him up the devious street of whitewashed houses that gave us glimpses through wide doors of dark tiled rooms with great black rafters overhead and courtyards where chickens pecked at the manure lodged between smooth worn flagstones. Still between whitewashed walls we struck out of the village into the deep black mud of the high road, and at last burst suddenly into the open country, where patches of sprouting grass shone vivid green against the gray and russet of broad rolling lands. At the top of the first hill stood the Hermitage—a small whitewashed chapel with a square three-storied tower; over the door was a relief of the Virgin, crowned, in worn lichened stone. The interior was very plain with a single heavily gilt altar, over which was a painted statue, stiff but full of a certain erect disdainful grace—again of the Virgin. The figure was dressed in a long lace gown, full of frills and ruffles, grey with dust and age. "La Virgen de la Cima," said the baker, pointing reverently with his thumb, after he had bent his knee before the altar. And as I glanced at the image a sudden resemblance struck me: the gown gave the Virgin a curiously conical look that somehow made me think of that conical black stone, the Bona Dea, that the Romans brought from Asia Minor. Here again was a good goddess, a bountiful one, more mother than virgin, despite her prudish frills. . . . But the man was ushering us out. "And there is no finer view than this in all Spain." With a broad sweep of his arm he took in the village below, with its waves of roofs that merged from green to maroon and deep crimson, broken suddenly by the open square in front of the church; and the gray towering church, scowling with strong lights and shadows on buttresses and pointed windows; and [474] John R. Dos Passos the brown fields faintly sheened with green, which gave place to the deep maroon of the turned earth of vineyards, and the shining silver where the wind ruffled the olive-orchards ; and beyond, the rolling hills that grew gradually flatter until they sank into the yellowish plain of Castile. As he made the gesture his fingers were stretched wide as if to grasp all this land he was showing. His flaccid cheeks were flushed as he turned to us; but we should see it in May, he was saying, in May when the wheat was thick in the fields, and there were flowers on the hills. Then the lands were beautiful and rich, in May. And he went on to tell us of the local feast, and the great processions of the Virgin. This year there were to be four days of the toros. So many bullfights were unusual in such a small village, he assured us. But they were rich in Almorox; the wine was the best in Castile. Four days of toros, he said again; and all the people of the country around would come to the fiestas, and there would be a great pilgrimage to this Hermitage of the Virgin ... As he talked in his slow deferential way, a little conscious of his volubility before strangers, there began to grow in my mind a picture of his view of the world. First came his family, the wife whose body lay beside his at night, who bore him children, the old withered parents who sat in the sun at his door, his memories of them when they had had strong rounded limbs like his, and of their parents sitting old and withered in the sun. Then his work, the heat of his ovens, the smell of bread cooking, the faces of neighbors who came to buy; and, outside, in the dim penumbra of things half real, of travellers’ tales, lay Madrid, where the king lived and where politicians wrote in the newspapers,—and Francia and all that was not Almorox . . . In him I seemed to see the generations wax and wane, like the years, strung on the thread of labor, of unending sweat and strain of muscles against the earth. It was all so mellow, so strangely aloof from the modern world of feverish change, [475] Young Spain this life of the peasants of Almorox. Everywhere roots striking into the infinite past. For before the Revolution, before the Moors, before the Romans, before the dark furtive traders, the Phoenicians, they were much the same, these Iberian village communities. Far away things changed, cities were founded, hard roads built, armies marched and fought and passed away; but in Almorox the foundations of life remained unchanged up to the present. New names and new languages had come. The Virgin had taken over the festivals and rituals of the old earth goddesses, and the deep mystical fervor of devotion. But always remained the love for the place, the strong anarchistic reliance on the individual man, the walking consciously or not, of the way beaten by generations of men who had tilled and loved and lain in the cherishing sun with no feeling of a reality outside of themselves, outside of the bare encompassing hills of their commune, except the God which was the synthesis of their souls and of their lives. Here lies the strength and the weakness of Spain. This intense individualism, born of a history whose fundamentals lie in isolated village communities—pueblos, as the Spaniards call them—over the changeless face of which, like grass over a field, events spring and mature and die, is the basic fact of Spanish life. No revolution has been strong enough to shake it. Invasion after invasion, of Goths, of Moors, of Christian ideas, of the fads and convictions of the Renaissance, have swept over the country, changing surface customs and modes of thought and speech, only to be metamorphosed into keeping with the changeless Iberian mind. And predominant in the Iberian mind is the thought La vida es sueño: "Life is a dream." Only the individual, or that part of life which is in the firm grasp of the individual, is real. The supreme expression of this lies in the two great figures that typify Spain for all time; Don Quixote and Sancho Panza. Don Quixote, the individualist who believed [476] John R. Dos Passos in the power of man’s soul over all things, whose desire included the whole world in himself. Sancho, the individualist to whom all the world was food for his belly. On the one hand we have the ecstatic figures for whom the power of the individual soul has no limits, in whose minds the universe is but one man standing before his reflection, God. These are the Loyolas, the Philip Seconds, the fervid ascetics like Juan de la Cruz, the originals of the glowing tortured faces in the portraits of El Greco. On the other hand are the jovial materialists like the Archpriest of Hita, culminating in the frantic, almost mystical sensuality of such an epic figure as Don Juan Tenorio. Through all Spanish history and art the threads of these two complementary characters can be traced, changing, combining, branching out, but ever in substance the same. Of this warp and woof have all the strange patterns of Spanish life been woven. II. In trying to hammer some sort of unified impression out of the scattered pictures of Spain in my mind, one of the first things I realize is that there are many Spains. Indeed every village hidden in the folds of the great barren hills, or shadowed by its massive church in the middle of one of the upland plains, every fertile huerta of the seacoast is a Spain. Iberia exists, and the strong Iberian characteristics; but Spain as a modern centralized nation is an illusion—perhaps a delusion; for the present atrophy, the desolating result-lessness of a century of revolution, may very well be due in large measure to the artificial imposition of centralized government on a land essentially centrifugal. In the first place there is the matter of language. Roughly four distinct languages are at present spoken in Spain: Castilian, the language of Madrid and the central uplands, the official language, spoken in the south in its Andalusian form; [477] Young Spain Gallego-Portuguese, spoken on the west coast; Basque, which does not even share the Latin descent of the others; and Catalan, a form of Provençal which, with its dialect, Val-encian, is spoken on the upper Mediterranean coast and in the Balearic Isles. Of course, under the influence of rail communication and a conscious effort to spread Castilian, the other languages, with the exception of Portuguese and Catalan, have lost vitality and died out in the larger towns; but the problem remains far different from that of the Italian dialects, since the Spanish languages have all, except Basque, a strong literary tradition. Added to the variety of language, there is an immense variety of topography in the different parts of Spain. The central plateaux, dominant in modern history (history being taken to mean the births and breedings of kings and queens and the doings of generals in armor), probably approximate the warmer Russian steppes in climate and vegetation. The west coast is in most respects a warmer and more fertile Wales. The southern huertas (arable river valleys) have rather the aspect of Egypt. The east coast from Valencia up is a continuation of the Mediterranean coast of France. It follows that, in this country where an hour’s train ride will take you from Siberian snow into African desert, unity of population is hardly to be expected. Here is probably the root of the tendency in Spanish art and thought to emphasize the differences between things. In painting, where the mind of a people is often more tangibly represented than anywhere else, we find one supreme example. El Greco, almost the caricature in his art of the Don Quixote type of mind, who, though a Greek by birth and a Venetian by training, became more Spanish than the Spaniards during his long life at Toledo, strove constantly to express the difference between the world of flesh and the world of spirit, between the body and the soul of man. More recently, the extreme characterization of Goya’s sketches and [478] John R. Dos Passos portraits, the intensifying of national types found in Zuloaga and the other painters who have been exploiting with such success the peculiarities—the picturesqueness—of Spanish faces and landscapes, seem to spring from this powerful sense of the separateness of things. In another way you can express this constant attempt to differentiate one individual from another as caricature. Spanish art is constantly on the edge of caricature. Given the ebullient fertility of the Spanish mind and its intense individualism, a constant slipping over into the grotesque is inevitable. And so it comes to be that the conscious or unconscious aim of their art is rather self-expression than beauty. Their image of reality is sharp and clear, but distorted. Burlesque and satire are never far away in their most serious moments. Not even the calmest and best ordered of Spanish minds can resist a tendency to excess of all sorts, to overelaboration, to grotesquerie, to deadening mannerism. All that is greatest in their art, indeed, lies on the borderland of the extravagant, where sublime things skim the thin ice of absurdity. The great epic, Don Quixote; such plays as Calderon’s La Vida es Sueño, such painting as El Greco’s Resurrection and Velasquez’s dwarfs, such buildings as the Escorial and the Alhambra—all among the universal masterpieces— are far indeed from the middle term of reasonable beauty. Hence their supreme strength. And for our generation, to which excess is a synonym for beauty, is added argumentative significance to the long tradition of Spanish art. Another characteristic, springing from the same fervid abundance, that links the Spanish tradition to ours of the presen day is the strangely impromptu character of much Spanish art production. The slightly ridiculous proverb that genius Consists of an infinite capacity for taking pains is well controverted. The creative flow of Spanish artists has always been so strong, so full of vitality that there has been no time for taking pains. Lope de Vega, with his two thousand odd [479] Young Spain plays—or was it twelve thousand?—is by no means an isolated instance. Perhaps the strong sense of individual validity, which makes Spain the most democratic country in Europe, sanctions the constant improvization, and accounts for the confident planlessness as common in Spanish architecture as in Spanish political thought. Here we meet the old stock characteristic, Spanish pride. This is a very real thing, and is merely the external shell of the fundamental trust in the individual and in nothing outside of him. Again El Greco is an example. As his painting progressed, grew more and more personal, he drew away from tangible reality, and, with all the dogmatic conviction of one whose faith in his own reality can sweep away the mountains of the visible world, expressed his own restless, almost sensual, spirituality in forms that flickered like white flames toward God. For the Spaniard, moreover, God is always, in essence, the proudest sublimation of man’s soul. The same spirit runs through the preachers of the early church and the works of Santa Teresa, a disguise of the frantic desire to express the self, the self, changeless and eternal, at all costs. From this comes the hard cruelty that flares forth luridly at times. A recent book by Miguel de Unamuno, Del Sentimiento Trágico de la Vida, expresses this fierce clinging to separateness from the universe by the phrase el hambre de inmortalidad, the hunger of immortality. This is the core of the individualism that lurks in all Spanish ideas, the conviction that only the individual soul is real. In the Spain of today these things are seen as through a glass, darkly. Since the famous and much gloated-over entrance of Ferdinand and Isabella into Granada, the history of Spain has been that of an attempt to fit a square peg in a round hole. In the great flare of the golden age, the age of [480] John R. Dos Passos ingots of Peru and of men of even greater worth, the disease worked beneath the surface. Since then the conflict has corroded into futility all the buoyant energies of the country. I mean the persistent attempt to centralize in thought, in art, in government, in religion, a nation whose every energy lies in the other direction. The result has been a deadlock, and the ensuing rust and numbing of all life and thought, so that a century of revolution seems to have brought Spain no nearer a solution of its problems. At the present day, when all is ripe for a new attempt to throw off the atrophy, a sort of despairing inaction causes the Spaniards to remain under a government of unbelievably corrupt and inefficient politicians. There seems no solution to the problem of a nation in which the centralized power and the separate communities work only to nullify each other. The attitude of Spain to the war is an outgrowth of this. The country is pretty evenly divided into Germanophiles and Frankophiles, as they are called, not from any broad convictions on world politics, but from the hope that the victory of one or the other will throw weight on the side of one of the contesting parties. The reactionaries, the clergy, and the ignorant priest-ridden classes—the high aristocracy and the lowest peasantry—are strongly pro-German, or rather, pro-Austrian. Perhaps the faint hope of a new Metternich sustains them. The liberals of all colors, the intelligenzia, and the munitions manufacturers, who have been growing very wealthy in the North, are fervidly pro-Ally. Then there is a further regional division: the Basque provinces, Portugal, Galicia and Catalonia, the portions of the peninsula that have most connection with the modern world, are pro-Ally; the central and southern parts pro-German. But the most important influence of the war on Spain is this. The cost of living is constantly rising, and labor is wretchedly underpaid. Meanwhile the governing classes plunder, the intellectual classes talk and prophesy and de- [481] Young Spain spair, and a few towns in the North, like Corunna, grow suddenly rich on munitions. But under the surface the moment comes nearer and nearer when the tension will snap. Famine is the mother of revolutions. The trouble is that the revolutionary classes have so many different aims. In Catalonia they want a republic and virtual autonomy from the rest of Spain. In Andalusia they want, very simply, food and decent wages. In Galicia they want to be let alone and allowed to grow rich in peace. Fear of failure is everywhere, a fear that any move may make matters worse, may lift again into the saddle the incubus of the clergy and the reactionaries. So Spain, hot with discussion, holds aloof from the war. On every side, however, in thought if not in fact, the ice of national stagnation is breaking. The war of ’98, which to us was merely an occasion for a display of the school history-book style of patriotism, combined with an amazing skill in sanitation, was to the Spanish people a great spiritual crisis. It was the first thorough unmasking of the hopeless atrophy of their political life. From ’98 indeed has sprung the present generation, a generation of men strangely sensitive and self-conscious, some despairing, some pressing on very boldly up the logical paths of Spanish thought—toward anarchism, toward a searing criticism of the modern world in general and Spain in particular. Gradually, laboriously, with unexampled devotion, these men are piecing together the tattered shreds of national consciousness. Not national consciousness wholly in the present capitalistic-patriotic sense, however, but something more fruitful, more local. The two most important novelists in the younger generation, Pio Barroja and Blasco Ibañez well illustrate this mood. The first, who very probably is one of the foremost writers of our time, has spent his life in delineating Spain against the background of the world today, exposing her weakness with frank pessimism. Barroja’s attitude has a certain affinity to the attitude toward America of the early Henry James, [482] John R. Dos Passos though as artists there is no comparison between them. The Spaniard has a sense of life, a bouyancy, a power to tell a story that make sickly beside them the pale artifices of the Anglo-American novelist. Far different, too, from James’s quiet dissent from ideas American is Barroja’s burning criticism of his country’s inaction. Through him Nietzsche has reached the present generation, and a worship of things Anglo-Saxon, of the efficient Roosevelt virtues, which sounds strangely in the ears of Americans used to reacting in the opposite direction from their red-blooded national ethics. Blasco Ibañez, a belated Zolaist of slightly lurid tendencies, attacks Spanish life from the opposite point of view, from that of his socialist’s vision of the world. He is less of an artist, but probably his ideas will be ultimately more fruitful than the old-fashioned cosmopolitanism and Anglo-mania of Barroja. In the Spanish poetry of the day there is much the same sense of purpose. Rubén Darío, the Nicaraguan who dominated the Spanish-speaking world for the past decade, was full of his call to the Spanish peoples to unite, to build a new ideal of life that would defeat what he called the Yanki ideal of dollars and steel. In his bold metrical inventions, in his continual breaking of the conventional chains of Spanish thought, he was the prophet of an era of solidarity for the Spanish peoples of the world, with a humaner literature and a humaner religion. Antonio Machado, writing his passionate love for the grey iron hills and the yellow plains of Castile, and for the dark reliant peasants who till their soil, has made some of his greatest poetry in attempts to stir his countrymen to realization and action. Throughout his strong repressed poems runs the plaint of the ancient glory of Castile, "fecund mother of captains in the old time, today bringing forth puny drill-sergeants." Another poet, Juan Ramón Jiménez, has introduced a prosody developed from the French vers librists which approximates in some measure the verse of Amy Lowell and Richard Aldington. He has substituted a vague, [483] Young Spain rather Celtic mood for the traditional clarity of Spanish verse, and a delicate irregular cadence for the heavy lilt of its ballad rhythms. He is the poet of Andalusia the gay, the center of the ruined dream of Moorish Spain, while Antonio Machado represents somber visionary Castile. And, in the same manner, each poet of modern Spain can be assigned to his province, to his pueblo. In literature the triumph of the commune over Madrid is near at hand. The regional character of Spanish music of the present generation is even more obvious. This is probably largely due to the varied character of the rich store of still unexploited folk-music, roughly of Celtic origin in the North and West, and of African in the South and Levant, which up to the present has found no genius strong enough to fuse it into a truly personal work of art. Spain is saturated with this native music. Even the light opera of the cheaper theatres in Madrid has, when the source is not muddied by imitation Viennese tinsel and syrup, moments of great charm and true musical value. Often in a trivial and ill put-together zarzuela appear almost unconscious traces of old thrilling motives handed down from the Moors or the Celt-Iberian mountaineers. Perhaps Spanish music is in the condition of German music before Beethoven. No one has yet appeared to collect the scattered strands into a great racial art. Among recent composers, neither Granados nor Albéniz have to my mind thoroughly mastered their material. They and probably Fallo and the other composers of the moment, who are so busily engaged in collecting and interpreting what they can of the stream of musical richness that flows past them, will be the stepping-stones for the genius who must follow to make of Spanish music a great and original expression. First, however, in Spanish music as in Spanish painting, one influence must be overcome: Paris. Paris has hitherto done one of two things to Spanish artists; it has subdued them entirely to the prevailing French mode, or it has turned them [484] John R. Dos Passos into mongers of the picturesque, of romantic Spain, for export purposes. There seem, in Spanish art as in American, few personalities strong enough to gain the technique of Paris without becoming as enslaved as Circe’s swine. The great vitality of Spanish painting in recent years is partly due to the fact that it has been an expression of local schools. Sorolla was a thoroughly Valencian painter before he went to Paris, and his best work is that which shows most the influence of the local tradition. In Zuloaga can be seen again and again the influence of his uncle Daniel, the Castilian ceramist. In the Basque painters represented by the brothers Zubiaurre, localism in style and technique becomes almost a mannerism. Indeed it is hard to realize how much good painting is being done in small isolated groups in Spain. Seville, Granada, Bilbao, Corunna, Barcelona, Valencia, have all their circles of extremely active painters; while Madrid is the palm of victory. There live all the thoroughly successful artists, and those the war has driven away from the lotus-trees of Paris. But even in the rather vulgar and cosmopolitan—in the worst sense—artistic circle of Madrid, the cult of the god Success and of the god Foreignness has nothing of the power and universality it enjoys in corresponding circles in America. Perhaps the reason is that a sincere inborn sense of art is part of the heritage of all classes of Spanish society. IV It was after a lecture at an exhibition of Basque painters in Madrid, where we had heard a wonderful old man, with eyes that burned out from under shaggy grizzled eyebrows, denounce in bitter stinging irony what he called the Europeanization of Spain. What they called progress, he had said, was merely an aping of the stupid commercialism of modern Europe. Better no education for the masses than education that would turn healthy peasants into crafty putty- [485] Young Spain skinned merchants; better a Spain swooning in her age-old apathy, than a Spain awakened to the brutal soulless trade-war of modern life ... I was walking with a young student of philosophy I had met by chance across the noisy board of a Spanish pension, discussing the exhibition we had just seen as a strangely meek setting for the fiery reactionary speech. I had remarked on the very "primitive" look much of the work of these young Basque painters had, shown by some in the almost affectionate technique, in the dainty caressing brush-work, in others by that inadequacy of the means at the painter’s disposal to express his idea, which made of so many of the pictures rather gloriously impressive failures. My friend was insisting, however, that the primitiveness, rather than the birth-pangs of a new view of the world, was nothing but the last affectation of an over-civilized tradition." "Spain," he said, "is the most civilized country in Europe. The growth of our civilization has never been interrupted by outside influence. The Phoenicians, the Romans—Spain’s influence on Rome was, I imagine, fully as great as Rome’s on Spain; think of the five Spanish emperors;—the Goths, the Moors;—all incidents, absorbed by the changeless Iberian spirit . . . Even Spanish Christianity," he continued, smiling, "is far more Spanish than it is Christian. Our life is one vast ritual. Our religion is part of it, that is all. And so are the bull-fights that so shock the English and Americans,—are they any more brutal, though, than fox-hunting and prizefights? And how full of tradition are they, our fiestas de toros; their ceremony reaches back to the hecatombs of the Homeric heroes, to the bull-worship of the Cretans and of so many of the Mediterranean cults, to the Roman games. Can civilization go further than to ritualize death as we have done? But our culture is too perfect, too stable. Life is choked by it." We stood still a moment in the shade of a yellowed lime-tree. My friend had stopped talking, and was looking with [486] John R. Dos Passos his usual bitter smile at a group of little boys with brown bare dusty legs who were intently playing bull-fight with sticks for swords and a piece of newspaper for the toreador’s scarlet cape. "It is you in America," he went on suddenly, "to whom the future belongs; you are so vigorous and vulgar and uncultured. Life has become once more the primal fight for bread. Of course the dollar is a complicated form of the food the cave man killed for and slunk after, and the means of combat are different, but it is as brutal. From that crude animal brutality comes all the vigor of life. We have none of it; we are too tired to have any thoughts; we have lived so much so long ago that now we are content with the very simple things,—the warmth of the sun and the colors of the hills and the flavor of bread and wine. All the rest is automatic, ritual." "But what about the strike?" I asked, referring to the one day’s general strike that had just been carried out with fair success throughout Spain, as a protest against the government’s apathy regarding the dangerous rise in the prices of food and fuel. He shrugged his shoulders. "That, and more," he said, "is new Spain, a prophecy, rather than a fact. Old Spain is still all-powerful." Later in the day I was walking through the main street of one of the clustered adobe villages that lie in the folds of the Castilian plain not far from Madrid. The lamps were just being lit in the little shops where the people lived and worked and sold their goods, and women with beautifully shaped pottery jars on their heads were coming home with water from the well. Suddenly I came out on an open plaza with trees from which the last leaves were falling through the greenish sunset light. The place was filled with the lilting music of a grind-organ and with a crunch of steps on the gravel as people danced. There were soldiers and servant- [487] Young Spain girls, and red-cheeked apprentice-boys with their sweethearts, and respectable shop-keepers, and their wives with mantillas over their gleaming black hair. All were dancing in and out among the slim tree-trunks, and the air was noisy with laughter and little cries of childlike unfeigned enjoyment. I thought of a cheap dancehall in America. How much healthier this seemed, in the open air, without restraint or hidden obscenities, this merrymaking of people who were so unaffectedly at ease in the world. Here was the gospel of Sancho Panza, I thought, the easy acceptance of life, the unashamed joy in food and color and the softness of women’s hair. But as I walked out of the village across the harsh plain of Castile, grey-green and violet under the deepening night, the memory came to me of the knight of the sorrowful countenance, Don Quixote, blunderingly trying to remould the world, pitifully sure of the power of his own ideal. And in these two Spain seemed to be manifest. Far indeed were they from the restless industrial world of joyless enforced labor and incessant goading war. And I	wondered to what purpose it would be, should Don Quixote again saddle Rosinante. [488] THE SEVEN ARTS Editor James Oppenheim Associate Editors Waldo Frank	Van Wyck Brooks Advisory Board Kahlil Gibran	Robert Frost Louis Untermeyer Robert Edmond Jones Edna Kenton	David Mannes Editorial In the pause of ominous foreboding days, In the strange darkening silence, I listen ... I listen to myself . I hear what is larger than myself, what is gigantic and terrible in strength, The approaching reverberations of footsteps and tongues quivering on the air, gathering and drawing close, The confused murmur of assembling voices, [489] The Seven Arts The guttural animal rumble of growing crowds, The suffocating, the inarticulate groans of peoples. The air grows sultry, the skies thicken, the shrill birds beat against the wind . When shall the clear thunder speak? When shall the lightning of holy revolt cleave asunder the prisons? When shall there sweep the envenomed earth and sky in shouted blasts the music of the storm? Where are you lagging, Isaiah of the factories? Where, O Joan of the slums? Where, O prophet of the proletariat? O	masters, come forth from the side-street or the mill-town And sweep into a divine symphony The dark mute music of multitude: Gather the heavy drops of rain—this man and that—this woman, that child— Into the releasing storm, into the clear-voiced storm, into the storm that lets our hearts out, our souls out, thun-der-trumpeting what we feel. Bright archangel of battle Ride on the northern winds of Revolution, Ride the blast from arisen Russia And girdle the world like a typhoon sucking the peoples into a column of war, A war against the war, A war against the swindling glory of war, A war against the divine rights of kings and states, of heroes and of presidents, A war against hate and holiness: A war for life, for the laughter of children and the love of women and men. [490] The Seven Arts How long, O how long, beloved race, How long, beloved multitudes, Shall you be drugged with the damned, the opiate fake of military music, And slay one another like beasts to make a blood-spectacle for the old men, To fatten with your deaths the Egotists who send you out to die? Seven million of our young are murdered dead in Europe, And the numbers of a great people are broken for the days of their life . How long shall you feed the cannon you do not own, And the States you do not run? How long shall you taste dumb agony for a myth and a creed and a lie? O	the hope of the world were dead, and we were doomed to the undoing of man, Were it not for thee, Russia, holy Russia, Thou glimpse of the splendid sun in the black battle-smoke, Thou shining health, thou virtue in the insane death-sham-bles! To thee, the leadership has passed. From America to thee has been handed the torch of freedom, Thou art the hope of the world, the asylum of the oppressed, The manger of the Future. Rise, ever higher, more splendid, Be as the divine dawn sending the rays of thy promised joy into the wilderness of madness, Call us with thy clear lips, Call us to the Day of Man, to the Planet of Humanity, Call us into thy triumphing Revolution Call up the magnificent storm which shall be a throat and a tongue for our dumb thick anguish, [491] The Seven Arts Which shall be a flaying terror to the thrones of kingdoms and republics, Which shall be a word of love in a world of hate, A sanity in madness. We march over the invisible edge of the precipice, We drop thousand by thousand into the abyss, We walk dumbly, like driven beasts, in lonely separation, in inarticulate rage— Under us rolls a growing murmur, an ascending rumble, an ominous groaning . . . We wait the Voice ... we wait the Storm . . . J.O. [492] Recollections of Samuel Butler By John Butler Yeats I KNEW Butler. In the year 1867-68 I was a pupil at Heatherleigh’s Art School, Newman Street, London, and Butler was there also. It is not true that Butler had talent. To be a painter after the manner of John Bellini was for years the passion of his life. It was vain; he had no talent. At the time I knew him he was beginning to see this and it was pathetic! We tried to comfort him and would have cheered him with false hopes. All the intellect in the world won’t make a painter if it is not the right kind of intellect. A Scotch friend of mine and his whom Butler loved because of his knowledge of music would sometimes say, "Yes, Mr. Butler, you are a dominie"—and he would chuckle slowly in his Scotch manner. Like a dominie he kept us all in order. We called each other briefly by our surnames without the prefix of the Mr.—Butler was always Mr. Butler. Once a daring citizen of London town ventured, "Have you been to the Alhambra, Butler?" He pronounced it "Al’ambra"—that gave Butler his opportunity. The Englishman in possession of all his aitches can always hold the many in check because of their deficiency in aitches. "Is there an aitch in the word?" said Butler. Never again did my poor friend venture, or for that matter any of us. The Irishman likes his equal and is, as every one admits, the best of comrades; the German likes his superior; but the Englishman likes to be with his inferior and is not comfortable in any other relation. He is sent to the public school [493] Recollections of Samuel Butler and the university by his anxious parents and guardians that he may acquire the superior manner. There are two sneers in England, the cockney variety which no one respects and the university and public school sneer which compels respect, even among foreigners. It impressed Goethe. The footman puts it on but overdoes it, so that at a glance we know it to be counterfeit. Butler was the politest, the most ceremonious of men, but the sneer was there and all the more palpable because so carefully veiled. We were art students and tried to be Bohemian, or would have done so had not Butler been one of us. There was a student whom he much liked; one day he took him in hand and in his most paternal manner admonished him that he must not use the word "chap." Butler was an Englishman through and through and an Englishman of "class." The Englishman of class will part with his faith, with his wife and children, with his money, even, or his reputation and be cheerful about it, but closer than his skin sticks to him his class conceit; and in his accent, his voice, his gestures, his phrases he carefully preserves all its insignia. Possessed of these he knows he may go anywhere and associate with anyone; it is a passport entitling him to a nobleman’s freedom. Every Englishman, gentle or simple, either by force or by patient groping will try for a sheltered spot where he may have his own thoughts and his own ways hampered by none. But the Englishman of class is freest of all; a policeman, even he, will hesitate to interfere with you if he knows that you are a gentleman. In his "Way of All Flesh," Butler describes English home life and he enables us to see that affection and sympathy do not form part of it. Butler, the product of that life, sets little importance on either affection or sympathy; and yet there never was a kinder man. Good nature was fundamental in his character and was, I think, the source of most of his writings and opinions. The English going about life in an intensely selfish way and doing this on principle are obliged to [494] John Butler Yeats have strict laws strictly enforced; yet outside these laws they claim and allow the utmost license of action and thought. It is their distinction among nations that they love personal liberty so much,—that is for themselves ; they are quite ready to enslave other people. With this love for personal freedom has grown up, side by side with it and as part and parcel of it, an immense appreciation of human nature itself. Against this appreciation Puritanism has vainly and indeed dolorously struggled. Butler’s good nature was due to his liking for human nature itself; hence his zeal against all the conventions and illusions and veiling "respectabilities" that would snatch from human nature its proper food. The continental nations may hate human nature and produce their Goyas, but such art among Englishmen excites only a lazy contempt. Notwithstanding their passion for law and rule, a necessary thing among people so selfishly bent on their own gains, the Englishman does not actually hate his neighbor, even though he keeps aloof from him. He has indeed a genial relish for the selfishness in his neighbor which is so strong in himself. Edmund Burke writes of "the good nature and integrity of this ancient people." The Dutch, being a freedom-loving people, have a similar good nature. Rembrandt and Shakespeare get artistic pleasure out of the ugly but with laughter, not as in Goya with a grin of hatred. Indeed, looking at some of Goya’s work, one is forced to believe that he hated even the people who looked at his pictures and wished through them to insult and offend all his friends,—a kind of disorderly impulse which in him and others prompts to the disgusting and obscene in art. Butler’s emancipated intellect had won for his soul and senses a freedom which he wished to share with others; he had as it were acquired a freedom to be on good terms with himself. To be sure, a Scotchman is on good terms with himself when he is conceited. Butler wanted people to be on good terms with their senses and appetites and everything else that goes into [495] Recollections of Samuel Butler our make-up as men, to all of which Scotch conceit is the enemy. For this he was always fighting, and he began to fight at Heatherleigh’s Art School. He found us, as he thought, enslaved by this or that convention or illusion and by his mockeries and his wit worked for our liberation. He always occupied one place in the school chosen so that he could be as close as possible to the model and might paint with small brushes his kind of John Bellini art. There he would stand very intent and mostly quite silent, intent also on our casual conversation, watchful for the moment when he could make some sally of wit that would crush his victim. He had thick eyebrows and grey eyes,—or were they light hazel? These eyes would sometimes look tired as he plied his hopeless task of learning how to paint. But the discovery of any mental slavery or insincerity among our band of students would bring a dangerous light into them, and he would say things that perhaps hurt very much men who were absolutely sincere, however mistaken. Then Butler, who respected, as he often told me, every kind of sincerity, would humble himself and make apologies that were not always accepted and in the grey eyes, like a little fire on a cold hearth, I would see a melting kindness that it must have been hard to resist. The virtuous are not always the generous, neither are they always as wise as Solomon. At that time I was a very busy student working from morning to night, otherwise I should have tried to see more of Butler. There is nothing so winning as a look of helpful kindness in a mocking face. Besides, he was a good deal my senior and seniority is attractive to ingenuous youth; and I was then ingenuous. I sometimes think I have lost all my opportunities; the chance of knowing Butler well was one of these. Slowly I have come to feel that affection for human nature which is at the root of all poetry and art, whether the poet be pessimist or optimist. Had I stayed much with Butler I should have learned my lesson almost at once. Matthew [496] John Butler Yeats Arnold’s "sweetness and light" was not much to his taste, and he cared nothing for the high ethics of Wordsworth. An affectionate mother, such as we have among the peasants of Ireland, where mother-love is a passion, does not want her children to be good half as much as she wants them to be happy. It was so Butler regarded poor, struggling, and deceived human nature. There was the source of his "good nature" and of his influence. In this he was pre-eminently English of the English and in this there was nothing of the system maker or the philanthropist. Nor was he a philosopher or anything else except a mere man touching and handling the concrete matters of everyday life. With tenderness of humor and a most real poetry he touched, healingly, all the sores of ailing humanity. Butler liked women but disapproved of marriage. He liked women because, as I heard him say, they are so good natured. They would laugh with him but never at him. Then they are obedient and teachable and the dominie within him liked pupils. His attitude toward them was a smiling indulgence. The charming women of those backward days were still in the Middle Ages, apologetic, almost penitential, as if they asked pardon for being so beautiful or so merry and engaging, and did not a bit mind if Butler regarded them as inferior, especially as toward them he was always kindly and fatherly and innocent. It is quite easy to see why Butler disliked marriage; it would have curtailed his freedom to follow out all his queer vagaries of Butlerian thought and inclination. This consideration does not affect the ordinary Englishman of coarser grain, tenacious of his ancient right to do what he likes with his own, his own being his wife and children and servants and "all that he possesses." The ordinary Englishman lives alone in his English home, lord and master of it, with his wife second in command. Butler, of course, could not so live; therefore to keep his liberty he dismissed forever the thought of a married home. Had he married I [497] Recollections of Samuel Butler have no doubt he would have chosen a helpmate not likely to dispute his supremacy. I knew Miss Savage, the model for his good woman in "The Way of All Flesh." She was a student at the art school and not very young, and she was lame; life had disciplined her. She was fair, with a roundish face and light blue eyes that were very sensitive and full of light; a small head, her features charmingly mobile and harmonious. She radiated goodness and sense. She kept herself very much to herself, yet all liked her, even though we never spoke to her. Butler soon discovered that she laughed easily; but as usual he was cautious. One day he consulted me as to whether he could with safety ask her a schoolboy riddle he had picked up somewhere, a schoolbody riddle in that, though quite innocent, it was not altogether nice. I don’t remember how I advised, only that they became fast friends. Though he avoided marriage, his flesh was weak. "I have a little needle-woman, a good little thing. I have given her a sewing machine. I go to see her." As he made his confession he retired backwards, bowing his head several times as in mockery of himself and acknowledgment of a sad necessity from which even he was not exempt. For it was given to him also to tread "The Way of All Flesh." It was always part of his philosophy that he should confess his sins, besides being a necessity to his social nature and one of his most engaging qualities. Though he professed to despise Greek plays he was a good classical scholar. Outside the classics he had read nothing except Shakespeare and "The Origin of Species" and the Bible. For him "The Origin of Species" was the book of books. If he took a fancy to a student he would watch him for a few days and then approach him with cautious ceremony— he was always ceremonious—and ask him if he had read the book and perhaps offer to lend it to him. I am proud to remember that he lent it to me. "The Origin of Species" had, as he told me, completely destroyed his belief in a per- [498] John Butler Yeats sonai God; so occasionally instead of the usual question he would ask the student if he believed in God. In this he did not confine himself to students. There was a nude model named Moseley who often sat to us at Heatherleigh’s. He liked this model, in whom he found a whimsical uprightness that appealed to his sense of things. Once in the deep silence of the class I heard him asking, "Moseley, do you believe in God?" Without altering a muscle or a change of expression, Moseley replied, "No, sir, don’t believe in old Bogey." The form of the answer was unexpected; its cheerful cockney impudence was beyond even Butler’s reach of courage. He retired in confusion, and we laughed. We liked a laugh at Butler’s expense. Besides, in those days most of us were orthodox; in fact had never given a thought to the question of Deity. But that fear kept them quiet, there were some valiant spirits who would have cried out against him, since then as well as now, in America as well as in England, an orthodox inertia was characteristic of artists. They do not go to church, they never give a thought to religion, but they are profoundly orthodox in a deep, untroubled somnolency. I remember that one man, a very successful student, did engage in controversy and was highly sentimental in a dandified, affected way. Butler’s reply was one word repeated several times—"Pooh!"; that ended it. I have no doubt that that gentleman still retains his orthodoxy. When a belief rests on nothing you cannot knock away its foundations. Butler’s father was a wealthy dean of the Church of England, and, I fancy, pompous and authoritative. He told me that his father never became excited unless the dinner was late. When he broke away from orthodoxy and announced his intention of becoming an artist instead of a clergyman, his family refused him all assistance. Nor is it true that his father helped him in his New Zealand venture. He himself told me that he managed to borrow from friends £10,000, and that he was more proud of that than of anything else in [499] Recollections of Samuel Butler his life. He stayed in New Zealand four years, after which a lucky turn on the market enabled him to return to England and repay the money, while keeping enough to support himself in his pursuit of art. He liked to tell of his New Zealand life and of his hatred of sheep. They were always getting lost, so that he said the word "sheep" would be found engraved on his heart. He did not know one of his horses from another or from anybody else’s horse, and said he was like the Lord, whose delight is not in the strength of a horse. Sam Butler’s desire for truth and his stripping away from life and belief all the veils of illusion was the characteristic of a man truly poetic. He and his pupil, G. B. Shaw, by their passion for sincerity, help the imaginative life. When Michael Angelo maintained that only the Italians understood art, Victoria Collona pointed out that the German pictures touched the feelings. "Yes," he replied, "because of the weakness of our sensibilities." Poetry and the imaginative life can only flourish where truth is of supreme moment; an education which contents itself with half-knowledge and halfthought will inevitably produce a crowd of sentimentalists and false poets and rhetoricians. The great artist and the great poet have rigorous minds. Michael Angelo said of those German pictures that they were only fit for "women, ecclesiastics and people of quality " After all a poet must believe, and without rigorous thinking there is no sense of belief. To know things thoroughly or not at all,—this was the habit of Butler’s mind, derived from his classical education, in which the whole stress is on the minutiae of scholarship. For instance, he told me that he never studied music till he was twenty-one years of age, after which he gave to it every moment he could spare. Yet he only cared for Händel, content that all the rest should be to him an unknown world. What he could not study thoroughly he would not study at all. In his eyes superficial knowledge was superficial ignorance and the mental habits engendered by it disastrous. [500] John Butler Yeats Among painters he valued chiefly those who, like John Bellini, are thorough to minuteness. Though he professed to despise style he was a precisian in words. At a restaurant which he and I frequented for our midday meal he met a man who said he never "used" hasty pudding. This application of the verb "use" was to him a source of endless amusement. I have heard him tell the story many times. I think he read Shakespeare continually. I know he read no other poetry, although he did glance once a little wistfully at Whitman,—"the catalogue man," he called him. All the same he was a genuine Englishman and brooded in the imaginative mood of a self-centered solitude which could not be shared with anyone, as the sympathetic Frenchman lives in the imaginative mood of an expansive existence which he would share with everyone. I remember the last time I saw Butler. I was sitting at breakfast, alone, in a lodging in an out of the way part of London, having come from Ireland the night before after an absence of seven or eight years. I saw him passing and in glad surprise at once raised the window, meaning to hail him. But I reflected sadly and changed my mind, closing the window and returning to my breakfast, as I thought: "God forbid that I should intrude myself uninvited on any Englishman." [501] A Painter’s Faith By Marsden Hartley THERE is just cause for wonder at the noticeable absence of critics in the field of painting, of individuals who are capable of some serious approach to the current tendencies in art. We have witnessed a very general failure to rise above the common or high-class reportorial level in this particular sphere. Why do so many people who write specifically about painting say so little that really relates to it? It is because most of them are journalists or men of letters who have made emotional excursions into this field, which is in most instances foreign to them; well-known literary artists, occasionally, intent upon varying their subject matter. We read Meier-Graefe, for instance, on the development of modern art, and we find his analogies more or less stimulating, but taken as a whole his work is unsatisfactory from an artist’s point of view: not much more than a sort of novel with art for its skeleton, or rather a handbook from which the untutored layman can gather superficial information about group and individual influences, a kind of verbal entertainment that is altogether wanting in true critical values. I have listened to lectures on art by people who were supposed to know about it, merely to see how much this type of critical study could satisfy the really artistic mind somewhat conversant with true relations, and I have found these lectures of but the slightest value, résumés compounded of wearisome and inappropriate detail. There is always an extreme lack of true definition, of true information, there is always too much of the amateur [502] Marsden Hartley spirit passing for popular knowledge among these individuals who might otherwise do so much to form public taste and appreciation. Thus we find that even the chatty Meier-Graefe stops without going any further than Cézanne. Is it possible that after writing two very heavy volumes upon the development of modern art, he has to remain silent on modern art itself, that he really feels he is not qualified to speak upon Cézanne and his successors; or does he assume possibly that there is nothing this side of Cézanne? How many writer people are there who really do understand what has taken place since then? I	have heard these characteristic remarks among the so-called art writers who write the regular notices for the daily journals—"You see I really don’t know anything about the subject, but I have to write;" or—"I don’t know anything about art, but I am reading up on it as much as possible so that I won’t appear too stupid; for they send me out and I have to write something." Their attitude is the same as if their subject were a fire or a murder: but either of the latter would be much more in their line, calling for nothing but a registration of the simplest of facts. Just why these people have to write upon art will never be clear. But because of this altogether trivial relationship to the theme of painting we find it difficult to take seriously at all what we read in our dailies, in every case the barest notation with heavily worded comment, having little or no reference to what is important in the particular pictures themselves. How can anyone take these individuals seriously when they actually have no opinion to offer, and must rely either upon humor or indignation to inspire them? If we turn to the pundits of criticism we find statements like this of Ruskin on Giotto:—"For all his use of opalescent warm color, Giotto is exactly like Turner, as in his swift ex-pressional power he is like Gainsborough!" Again, speaking of Turner’s Fighting Téméraire, he says: "Of all pictures of [503] A Painter’s Faith subjects not visibly involving human pain, this is, I believe, the most pathetic that was ever painted—no ruin was ever so affecting as this gliding of the vessel to her grave." Journalism of the first class certainly, but at the farthest stretch of the imagination how can one possibly think of Gainsborough or Turner in connection with any special quality of Giotto? As for the pathos of an aged ship, that belongs to poetry, as Coleridge has shown; sentiment of this kind has never had any proper place in painting. A far worthier type of appreciation in words is to be found, of course, in Pater’s passages on La Gioconda and Botticelli’s Birth of Venus. But these belong to a different realm, in which literature rises to a height independent of the pictures themselves by means of the suggestion that is in them, the power of suggestion being a finer alternative for crude and worthless description. We shall always dispute with the writer on art as to exactly what symbol is inherent in the presence of a rose in the hand or a tear upon the cheek, but we cannot quarrel when the matter is treated as sublimely as in the case of a literary artist like Pater. It is in the sphere of professed critical judgment that the literary authorities so often go astray. Thus between the entertaining type of writer like Meier-Graefe and the daily reporter there is no middle ground. The journalist is frank and says that he doesn’t know but that he must write; the other writes books that are well suited for reference purposes, but have scant bearing upon the actual truth in relation to pictures. Are there any critics who attempt seriously to approach the modern theme, who find it worth their while to go into modern aesthetics with anything like sincerity or real earnestness of attitude? Only two that I am aware of. There is the intelligent Leo Stein who seldom appears in print, but who makes an art of conversation on the subject; and there is Willard Huntington Wright, who has appeared extensively and certainly with intelligence also, both of these critical writers being very much at variance in theory, [504] Marsden Hartley but both full of discernment whatever one may think of their individual ideas. We are sure of both as being thoroughly inside the subject, this theme of modern art, for they are somehow painter people. I even suspect them both of having once, like George Moore, painted seriously themselves. Nevertheless there is a hopeful seriousness of interest developing in what is being done this side the sea, a rediscovery of native art of the sort that is occurring in all countries. The artist is being taught by means of war that there is no longer a conventional center of art, that the time-worn fetish of Paris as a necessity in his development has been dispensed with; and this is fortunate for the artist and for art in general. It is having its pronounced effect upon the creative powers of the individual in all countries, almost obliging him to create his own impulse upon his own soil; it is making the artist see that if he is really to create he must create irrespective of all that exists as convention in the mind. How will this affect the artist? He will learn first of all to be concerned with himself and what he puts forth of personality and of personal research will receive its character from his strict adherence to this principle, whether he proceeds by means of pervailing theories or by departure from them. The public will thus have no choice but to rely upon what he produces seriously as coming clearly from himself, from his own desire and labor. He will realize that it is not a trick, not a habit, not a trade—this modernity—and that with fashions it has nothing to do; that it is explicitly a part of our modern urge toward expression quite as much as the art of Corot and Millet were of Barbizon, as the art of Titian, Giorgione and Michael Angelo were of Italy; that he and his time bear the strictest relationship to one another and that through this relationship he can best build up his own original power. Unable to depend therefore upon the confessedly untutored lay writer or even the better class essayist to tell him his place, he will establish himself, and his place will be deter- [505] A Painter’s Faith mined in the regime of his day by precisely those qualities which he contributes to it. He will not rely too insistently upon idiosyncracy; the failure of this we have already seen, in the post-impressionists. The truth is that painters must sooner or later learn to express themselves in terms of pure language, they must learn that creation is the thing most expected of them, and, if possible, invention as well. Oddity in execution or idea is of the least importance. Artists have a more respectable service to perform than this dilettantist notion of beauty implies. Since the utter annihilation of sentimentality, of legend, of what we call poetry has taken place, a richer substance for expression has come to us by means of which the artist may express a larger, newer variety of matter, more relevant to our special need, our modernity. The war has disintegrated the art habit and in this fact lies the hope of art. Fads have lost what slight interest they possessed, the folly of imitation has been exposed. As a result of this, I like to think that we shall have a finer type of expression, a richer kind of personal quality. Every artist is his own maker, his own liberator; he it is that should be the first to criticise, destroy and reconstruct himself, he should find no mood convenient, no attitude comfortable. What the lay-writer says of him in praise or blame will not matter so much in the future; he will respect first and last only those who have found the time to share his theme, at least in mind, if not in experience, and the discerning public will free itself from the temporary influences of the confessedly untutored critic. The artist will gain its confidence by reason of his own sincerity and intelligence. It is probable, too, that in time criticism in the mode of Ruskin will utterly disappear and the Meier-Graefe type of critic will have found a fitter and truer successor, someone who, when he calls himself a critic, will prove a fairly clear title to the distinction and will not have to apologize for himself or for his occupation. [506] The Dreiser Bugaboo By H. L. Mencken DR. WILLIAM LYON PHELPS, the Lampson professor of English at Yale, opens his chapter on Mark Twain in his "Essays on Modern Novelists" with a humorous account of the critical imbecility which pursued Mark in his own country down to his last years. The favorite national critics of that era (and it extended to 1895, at the least) were wholly anaesthetic to the fact that he was a great artist. They admitted him, somewhat grudgingly, a certain low dexterity as a clown, but that he was an imaginative writer of the first rank, or even of the fifth rank, was something that, in their insanest moments, never so much as occurred to them. Phelps cites, in particular, an ass named Professor Richardson, whose "American Literature," it appears, "is still a standard work" and "a deservedly high authority"—apparently in colleges. In the 1892 edition of this magnum opus, Mark is dismissed with less than four lines, and ranked below Irving, Holmes and Lowell—nay, actually below Artemus Ward, Josh Billings and Petroleum V. Nasby! The thing is fabulous, fantastic—but nevertheless true. Lacking the "higher artistic or moral purpose of the greater humorists" (exempli gratia, Rabelais, Molière, Aristophanes!), Mark is put off by this Prof. Balderdash as a laborious buffoon . . . But stay! Do not laugh yet! Phelps himself, indignant at the stupidity, now proceeds to prove that Mark was really a great moralist, and more, a great optimist . . . Turn to "The Mysterious Stranger" and "What is Man?"! . . . College professors, alas, never learn anything. The ident- [507] The Dreiser Bugaboo ical pedagogue who achieved this nonsense about old Mark in 1910 now seeks to dispose of Theodore Dreiser in the precise manner of Richardson. That is to say, he essays to finish him by putting him into Coventry, by loftily passing him over. "Do not speak of him," said Kingsley of Heine; "he was a wicked man." Search the latest volume of the Phelps revelation, "The Advance of the English Novel," and you will find that Dreiser is not once mentioned in it. The late O. Henry is hailed as a genius who will have "abiding fame"; Henry Sydnor Harrison is hymned as "more than a clever novelist," nay, "a valuable ally of the angels" (the right-thinker complex! art as a form of snuffling!), and an obscure Pagliaccio named Charles D. Stewart is brought forward as "the American novelist most worthy to fill the particular vacancy caused by the death of Mark Twain"—but Dreiser is not even listed in the index. And where Phelps leads with his baton of birch most of the other drovers of rah-rah boys follow. I turn, for example, to "An Introduction to American Literature," by Henry S. Pancoast, A. M., L. H. D., dated 1912. There are kind words for Richard Harding Davis, for Amélie Rives, and even for Will N. Harben, but not a syllable for Dreiser. Again, there is "A History of American Literature," by Reuben Post Halleck, A.M., LL.D., dated 1911. Lew Wallace, Marietta Holley, Owen Wister and Augusta Evans Wilson have their hearings, but not Dreiser. Yet again, there is "A History of American Literature Since 1870," by Prof. Fred. Lewis Pattee, instructor in "the English language and literature" somewhere in Pennsylvania. Fred has praises for Marion Crawford, Margaret Deland and F. Hopkinson Smith, and polite bows for Richard Harding Davis and Robert W. Chambers, but from end to end of his fat tome I am unable to find the slightest mention of Dreiser. So much for one group of heroes of the new Dunciad. That it includes most of the acknowledged heavyweights of the craft—the Babbitts, Mores, Brownells and so on—goes with- [508] H. L. Mencken out saying; as Van Wyck Brooks has pointed out in The Seven Arts, these magnificoes are austerely above any consideration of the literature that is in being. The other group, more courageous and more honest, proceeds by direct attack; Dreiser is to be disposed of by a moral attentat. Its leaders are two more professors, Stuart P. Sherman and H. W. Boynton, and in its ranks march the lady critics of the newspapers with much shrill, falsetto clamor. Sherman is the only one of them who shows any intelligible reasoning. Boynton, as always, is a mere parroter of conventional phrases, and the objections of the ladies fade imperceptibly into a pious indignation which is indistinguishable from that of the professional suppressors of vice. What, then, is Sherman’s complaint? In brief, that Dreiser is a liar when he calls himself a realist; that he is actually a naturalist, and hence accursed. That "he has evaded the enterprise of representing human conduct, and confined himself to a representation of animal behavior." That he "imposes his own naturalistic philosophy" upon his characters, making them do what they ought not to do, and think what they ought not to think. That he "has just two things to tell us about Frank Cowperwood : that he has a rapacious appetite for money, and a rapacious appetite for women." That this alleged "theory of animal behavior" is not only incorrect, but immoral, and that "when one half the world attempts to assert it, the other half rises in battle." 1 Only a glance is needed to show the vacuity of all this irate flubdub. Dreiser, in point of fact, is scarcely more the realist or the naturalist, in any true sense, than H. G. Wells or the later George Moore, nor has he ever announced himself in either the one character or the other—if there be, in fact, any difference between them that anyone save a pigeon-holing pedagogue can discern. He is really something quite different, and, in his moments, something far more stately. His 1 The Nation, Dec. 2, 1915. [509] The Dreiser Bugaboo aim is not merely to record, but to translate and understand; the thing he exposes is not the empty event and act, but the endless mystery out of which it springs; his pictures have a passionate compassion in them that it is hard to separate from poetry. If this sense of the universal and inexplicable tragedy, if this vision of life as a seeking without a finding, if this adept summoning up of moving images, is mistaken by college professors for the empty, meticulous nastiness of Zola in "Pot-Bouille"—in Nietzsche’s phrase, for "the delight to stink"—then surely the folly of college professors, as vast as it seems, has been underestimated. What is the fact? The fact is that Dreiser’s attitude of mind, his manner of reaction to the phenomena he represents, the whole of his alleged "naturalistic philosophy," stems directly, not from Zola, Flaubert, Augier and the younger Dumas, but from the Greeks. In the midst of democratic cocksureness and Christian sentimentalism, of doctrinaire shallowness and professorial smugness, he stands for a point of view which at least has something honest and courageous about it; here, at all events, he is a realist. Let him put a motto to his books, and it might be: O	ye deathward-going tribes of men ! What do your lives mean except that they go to nothingness ? If you protest against that as too harsh for Christians and college professors, right-thinkers and forward-lookers, then you protest against "Oedipus Rex." As for the animal behavior prattle of the learned headmaster, it reveals on the one hand only the academic fondness for seizing upon high-sounding but empty phrases and using them to alarm the populace, and on the other hand, only the academic incapacity for observing facts correctly and reporting them honestly. The truth is, of course, that the behavior of such men as Cowperwood and Eugene Witla and of such women as Carrie Meeber and Jennie Gerhardt, as [510] H. L. Mencken Dreiser describes it, is no more merely animal than the behavior of such acknowledged and undoubted human beings as Dr. Woodrow Wilson and Dr. Jane Addams. The whole point of the story of Witla, to take the example which seems to concern the horrified watchmen most, is this: that his life is a bitter conflict between the animal in him and the aspiring soul, between the flesh and the spirit, between what is weak in him and what is strong, between what is base and what is noble. Moreover, the good, in the end, gets its hooks into the bad: as we part from Witla he is actually bathed in the tears of remorse, and resolved to be a correct and godfearing man. And what have we in "The Financier" and "The Titan"? A conflict, in the ego of Cowperwood, between aspiration and ambition, between the passion for beauty and the passion for power. Is either passion animal? To ask the question is to answer it. I	single out Dr. Sherman, not because his pompous syllogisms have any plausibility in fact or logic, but simply because he may well stand as archetype of the booming, indignant corrupter of criteria, the moralist turned critic. A glance at his paean to Arnold Bennett1 at once reveals the true gravamen of his objection to Dreiser. What offends him is not actually Dreiser’s shortcomings as an artist, but Dreiser’s shortcomings as a Christian and an American. In Bennett’s volumes of pseudo-philosophy—e.g., "The Plain Man and His Wife" and "The Feast of St. Friend"—he finds the intellectual victuals that are to his taste. Here we have a sweet commingling of virtuous conformity and complacent optimism, of sonorous platitude and easy certainty—here, in brief, we have the philosophy of the English middle classes—and here, by the same token, we have the sort of guff that the halfeducated of our own country can understand. It is the calm, superior numskullery that was Victorian; it is by Samuel Smiles out of Hannah More. The offense of Dreiser is that 1 The New York Evening Post, Dec. 31, 1915. [511] The Dreiser Bugaboo he has disdained this revelation and gone back to the Greeks. Lo, he reads poetry into "the appetite for women"—he rejects the Pauline doctrine that all love is below the diaphragm! He thinks of Ulysses, not as a mere heretic and criminal, but as a great artist. He sees the life of man, not as a simple theorem in Calvinism, but as a vast adventure, an enchantment, a mystery. It is no wonder that respectable schoolteachers are against him. . . . The comstockian attack upon "The ‘Genius’ " seems to have sprung out of the same muddled sense of Dreiser’s essential hostility to all that is safe and regular—of the danger in him to that mellowed Methodism which has become the national ethic. The book, in a way, was a direct challenge, for though it came to an end upon a note which even a Methodist might hear as sweet, there were provocations in detail. Dreiser, in fact, allowed his scorn to make off with his taste —and es ist nichts fürchtlicher als Einbildungskraft ohne Geschmack. The Comstocks arose to the bait a bit slowly, but none the less surely. Going through the volume with the terrible industry of a Sunday-school boy dredging up pearls of smut from the Old Testament, they achieved a list of no less than 89 alleged floutings of the code-75 described as lewd and 14 as profane. An inspection of these specifications affords mirth of a rare and lofty variety; nothing could more cruelly expose the inner chambers of the moral mind. When young Witla, fastening his best girl’s skate, is so overcome by the carnality of youth that he hugs her, it is set down as lewd. On page 51, having become an art student, he is fired by "a great, warm-tinted nude of Bouguereau"—lewd again. On page 70 he begins to draw from the figure, and his instructor cautions him that the female breast is round, not square—more lewdness. On page 151 he kisses his girl on mouth and neck and she cautions him: "Be careful! Mamma may come in"— still more. On page 161, having got rid of mamma, she yields "herself to him gladly, joyously" and he is greatly shocked [512] H. L. Mencken when she argues that an artist (she is by way of being a singer) had better not marry—lewdness doubly damned. On page 245 he and his bride, being ignorant, neglect the principles laid down by Dr. Sylvanus Stall in his great works on sex hygiene—lewdness most horrible ! But there is no need to proceed further. Every kiss, hug and tickle of the chin in the chronicle is laboriously snouted out, empanelled, exhibited. Every hint that Witla is no vestal, that he indulges his unchristian fleshliness, that he burns in the manner of I. Corinthians, VII, 9, is uncovered to the moral inquisition. On the side of profanity there is a less ardent pursuit of evidence, chiefly, I daresay, because their unearthing is less stimulating. (Besides, there is no law prohibiting profanity in books: the whole inquiry here is but so much lagniappe.) On page 408, describing a character called Daniel C. Sum-merfield, Dreiser says that the fellow is "very much given to swearing, more as a matter of habit than of foul intention," and then goes on to explain somewhat lamely that "no picture of him would be complete without the interpolation of his various expressions." They turn out to be God damn and Jesus Christ—three of the latter and five or six of the former. All go down; the pure in heart must be shielded from the knowledge of them. (But what of the immoral French? They call the English Goddams.) Also, three plain damns, eight hells, one my God, five by Gods, one go to the devil, one God Almighty and one plain God. Altogether, 31 specimens are listed. "The ‘Genius’ " runs to 350,000 words. The profanity thus works out to somewhat less than one word in 10,000 .... Alas, the Comstockian proboscis, feeling for such offendings, is not as alert as when uncovering more savoury delicacies. On page 191 I find an overlooked by God. On page 372 there are Oh, God, God curses her, and God strike her dead. On page 373 there are Ah, God, Oh, God, and three other invocations of God. On page 617 there is God help me. On page 720 there is as God is my judge. On [513] The Dreiser Bugaboo page 723 there is I’m no damned good .... But I begin to blush. When the Comstock Society began proceedings against "The ‘Genius,’ " a group of English novelists, including Arnold Bennett, H. G. Wells, W. L. George and Hugh Walpole, cabled an indignant caveat. This bestirred the Authors’ League of America to activity, and its executive committee issued a minute denouncing the business. Later a protest of American literati was circulated, and more than 400 signed, including such highly respectable authors as Winston Churchill, Percy Mackaye, Booth Tarkington and James Lane Allen, and such critics as Lawrence Gilman, Clayton Hamilton and James Huneker, and the editors of such journals as the Century, the Atlantic Monthly and the New Republic. Among my literary lumber is all the correspondence relating to this protest, not forgetting the letters of those who refused to sign, and some day I hope to publish it, that posterity may not lose the joy of an extremely diverting episode. Meanwhile, the case moves with stately dignity through the interminable corridors of jurisprudence, and the bulk of the briefs and exhibits that it throws off begins to rival the staggering bulk of "The ‘Genius’ " itself. In all this, of course, there is a certain savoury grotesquerie; the exposure of the Puritan mind makes life, for the moment, more agreeable. The danger of the combined comstockian professorial attack, to Dreiser as artist, is not that it will make a muss-Presbyterian of him, but that it will convert him into a professional revolutionary, spouting stale perunas for all the sorrows of the world. Here Greenwich Village pulls as Chautauqua pushes; already, indeed, the passionate skepticism that was his original philosophy begins to show signs of being contaminated by various so-called "radical" purposes. The danger is not one to be sniffed in. Dreiser, after all, is an American like the rest of us, and to be an American is to be burdened [514] H. L. Mencken by an ethical prepossession, to lean toward causes and remedies. Go through "The ‘Genius' " or "A Hoosier Holiday" carefully, and you will find disquieting indications of what might be called a democratic trend in thinking—that is, a trend toward short cuts, easy answers, glittering theories. He is bemused, off and on, by all the various poppycock of the age, from Christian Science to spiritism, and from the latest guesses in eschatology and epistemology to art pour l'art. A true American, he lacks a solid culture, and so he yields a bit to every wind that blows, to the inevitable damage of his representation of the eternal mystery that is man. Joseph Conrad, starting out from the same wondering ag-nostism, holds to it far more resolutely, and it is easy to see why. Conrad is, by birth and training, an aristocrat. He has the gift of emotional detachment. The lures of facile doctrine do not move him. In his irony there is a disdain which plays about even the ironist himself. Dreiser is a product of far different forces and traditions, and is capable of no such escapement. Struggle as he may to rid himself of the current superstitions, he can never quite achieve deliverance from the believing attitude of mind—the heritage of the Indiana hinterland. One half of the man’s brain, so to speak, wars with the other half. He is intelligent, he is thoughtful, he is a sound artist—but always there come moments when a dead hand falls upon him, and he is once more the Indiana peasant, snuffing absurdly over imbecile sentimentalities; giving a grave ear to quackeries, snorting and eye-rolling with the best of them. One generation spans too short a time to free the soul of man. Nietzsche, to the end of his days, remained a Prussian pastor’s son, and hence two-thirds a Puritan; he erected his war upon holiness, toward the end, into a sort of holy war. Kipling, the grandson of a Methodist preacher, reveals the tin-pot evangelist with increasing clarity as youth and its ribaldries pass away and he falls back upon his fundamentals. And that other English novelist who springs from the servants’ hall— [515] The Dreiser Bugaboo let us not be surprised or blame him if he sometimes writes like a bounder. As for Dreiser, as I hint politely, he is still, for all his achievement, in the transition stage between Christian Endeavor and civilization; between Warsaw, Indiana, and the Socratic grove; between being a good American and being a free man; and so he sometimes vacillates perilously between a moral sentimentalism and a somewhat extravagant revolt. "The ‘Genius’, " on the one hand, is almost a tract for rectitude, a Warning to the Young; its motto might be Scheut die Dirnen! And on the other hand, it is full of a laborious truculence that can be explained only by imagining the author as heroically determined to prove that he is a plain-spoken fellow and his own man, let the chips fall where they may. So, in spots, in "The Financier" and "The Titan," both of them far better books. There is an almost moral frenzy to expose and riddle what passes for morality among the stupid. The isolation of irony is never reached; the man is still a bit evangelical; his ideas are still novelties to him; he is as solemnly absurd in some of his floutings of the Code American as he is in his respect for Bouguereau, or in his flirtings with New Thought, or in his naive belief in the importance of novel-writing. . . . But his books remain, particularly his earlier books—and not all the ranting of the outraged orthodox will ever wipe them out. They were done in the stage of wonder, before self-consciousness began to creep in and corrupt it. The view of life that got into "Sister Carrie," the first of them, was not the product of a deliberate thinking out of Carrie’s problem. It simply got itself there by the force of the artistic passion behind it; its coherent statement had to wait for other and more reflective days. This complete rejection of ethical plan and purpose, this manifestation of what Nietzsche used to call moral innocence, is what brought up the guardians of the national tradition at the gallop, and created the Dreiser bugaboo [516] H. L. Mencken of today. All the rubber-stamp formulae of American fiction were thrown overboard in these earlier books; instead of reducing the inexplicable to the obvious, they lifted the obvious to the inexplicable; one could find in them no orderly chain of causes and effects, of rewards and punishments; they represented life as a phenomenon at once terrible and unintelligible, like a stroke of lightning. The prevailing criticism applied the moral litmus. They were not "good" ; ergo, they were "evil." The peril that Dreiser stands in is here. He may begin to act, if he is not careful, according to the costume forced on him. Unable to combat the orthodox valuation of his place and aim, he may seek a spiritual refuge in embracing it, and so arrange himself with the tripe-sellers of heterodoxy, and cry wares that differ from the other stock only in the bald fact that they are different. . . . Such a fall would grieve the judicious, of whom I have the honor to be one. [517] The Seven Arts Chronicle for August Le Feu" "Le Feu" by M. Henri Barbusse (Paris: Flammarion: 3fr. 50) is the loveliest, the most generous piece of prose fiction this war has produced. It is the one that compels our reverence most. For it is a work motivated by a great pity, pity for the nameless innumerable victims of war. It is the work of one who would purge human beings in all time of their love of war and of their worship of those who make it, by representing the infinite misery of the sufferers. It is a perfectly realized piece of art. I place it without hesitation beside "The Trojan Women" of Euripides. It is the book of one who has attained his spiritual stature through the war. It is the book of a spokesman of a generation come to itself through the war. It is a work that seems to prove once more that the generation awaited the conflict as the thing that would bring it human being, awaited it in weariness and disgust of the outworn foreign world into which it had been born. "L’Enfer", the novel that M. Barbusse wrote a few years ago, during the days when he was a good Parisian and editor of the bourgeois "Je sais tout", is the book of a man sick because he is condemned to a life improper to him. It is the book of a prisoner feverishly pacing his cell, seeking to gain some relief in attempting to adjust himself to his gaol. "Le Feu", the novel written after M. Barbusse had been dismissed from service after having participated in the fighting at Crouy and at Hill No. 119, is that of one who has been vouchsafed the grace of a great, a supreme experience. It was not simply the experience of sharing in the battle. It was of a higher order. It was of an order higher than that of the author of "Gaspard", the joyous satisfaction of finding France eternally youthful, eternally strong. It was rather the encountering of his fellows. It was having his fellows become poignantly real and vital to him. It was the experience of seeing about himself, there in the trenches, so many wonderful human visages, of coming to love his comrades, and becoming acquainted with pity for human kind. It was the achievement of a saving sense of unity with others, of an eagerness not only "to share man’s desperate toil, and share it whole" but to realize in himself all that had befallen his fellows in the war, to sum up in his own flesh the pitiful destinies of so many dumb, helpless men, and then to set it without himself for all the world to feel. And for that reason, he wrote his book. "A la mémoire des camarades tombés à coté de moi" runs the dedication. The book is indeed an act of devotion. Its meticulous realism, the bald, ungarnished notation of the episodes, the sharp, nervous, abrupt narrative, the style, "spoken" enough [518] The Seven Arts Chronicle to outrage academic sensibilities, are in themselves expressions of a great faithfulness. It is as if the man had felt that literary taste should conform to his matter, and not his matter to literary taste, that the setting forth of anything but the truth about his comrades, their way of life, their talk amongst themselves, their manner of experiencing, were the betrayal of a trust devolved upon him. It is for their sake that he is writing. But it is not for their sake alone. It is for the sake of the dead soldiers of all nations. It is for their sake, that the things that befell them should not have befallen in vain. It is perhaps this impulse of personal loyalty that sets the book apart from other great war novels, apart from "Le Debacle" and from "The Red Laugh." This is the book of a good comrade. And so, without apology, he sets the men of his squad, of all squads, before us, and conjures up about us the strange nightmare land in which they perished. It is a no-man’s land of terrible adventure, so sinister and oppressive that one wonders where on earth it may be, and by what ways men fared to it. It is a region like some circle of the Inferno, a region from which men look back on the days when they are still "in the ranks of the living." The old life is far off, sunk into the distance. It has become unsubstantial and helpless. Sometimes, it flickers for an instant, called up by a letter, a photograph, a memory. Then it vanishes again. All about, there are fields of viscous slime and blasted trees and foetid trenches under a menacing sky. Existence has reduced itself to a long dull expectancy, to a long inhuman fatigue, to the business of killing and escaping being killed. Desire has been numbed till there remain only the elemental wishes of surviving, of feed- ing, of sleeping. And yet, the men that are here are not soldiers and professional butchers. They are men taken from the quietest walks of life, peasants and laborers whom the madness of humankind has cast forth into this monstrous place, and who still bear their tragic fates as bravely as men have ever borne a tragedy. And we stand with them, amid the flaming projectiles and the suffocating stench of the trenches, amid the deluge of snow and rain that falls like an extinguishment upon life. And we go with them wherever they go. We go with the man who steals home secretly for an hour with his wife, and looks through the window into his house, and sees her sitting and smiling with a couple of strange soldiers, and sees the wife of a comrade but lately fallen laughing along with them, and knows that he, the living, is already dead. We go with the three off on a day’s furlough to some little provincial capital. "Ayant suivi le boulevard de la République, puis l’avenue Gambetta, nous débouchons sur la place du Commerce." And, with them, we see that life goes on as it once did for them, that others are happy and sit in cafés, and go arm in arm with women, and we tell ourselves that there are in the world two differing types of people—those who have to surrender their all, and those who profit by the others’ loss. And, with the wounded men crawling from the field, we cry "enough!" and hear only the rain of steel falling relentlessly, and know that war goes on, goes on without end, till there come "Out of the noise and the flame, Death, the most holy!" And yet, for all that long agony, the book bears great tidings. Over the last scene of the book, over the [519] The Seven Arts Chronicle deluged battlefield, the black sky opens for an instant. "Entre deux masses de nuées ténébreuses, un éclair tranquille en sort, et cette ligne de lumière, si resserrée, si endeuillée, si pauvre, qu’elle a l’air pensante, apporte tout de même la preuve que le soleil existe." For in the heart of the author, there was the assurance that the sun of righteousness does exist. He knew he was not alone in his hatred of war. In the men whom he had come to love, there had dawned and glowed a truth. Some there were, no doubt, who could still say "Guillaume, c’est une bête puante d’avoir voulu c’te guerre. Mais Napoléon, ça, c’est un grand homme!" But there were others to whom all military glory, all wars, all those who make them, had become hateful. There were others for whom one man stood out above all others brought to the front by the war, and that was Liebknecht. They had come to recognize the lies that had blinded the world so long, had come to hate those who say "Every race hates every other," and those who say "I thrive on war, and my belly fattens on it," and those who say "War has always been, and must always be" and those who say "I see no farther than the end of my own feet, and forbid you to see further." and those who say "Children come into the world stamped with a red or a blue flag," or those who say, "Shut your eyes and trust in God!" And so, we, too, have faith. Reading this book, we know for sure that "the future is in the hands of the thirty millions of slaves that were hurled upon each other by crime and wrong. We shall live to see the world changed by the alliance that will one day be established between those whose numbers and whose miseries are infinite!" P. R. PORTMANTEAU PLAYS It may be humiliating to our American pride that so many of our writers should elect to serve in their work as feeble mirrors of some European art, when a whole continent of life is here, ripe and urgent for expression. But the phenomenon is of importance only in view of the vogue that this sort of artistic sycophant enjoys among us. The prestige of the unfertile imitator is indeed a striking sign of our national complacency. Before the deep blasts of America’s articulation, his furbelows will, of course, be blown away. But biding the advent of that voice, it is the critic’s unpleasant duty to discredit him. A recent flagrant example comes to us in the guise of four one-act plays by Stuart Walker (Stewart and Kidd Co., $1.50 net). The little dramas form part of the repertory of the ambulant Portmanteau Theater of which Mr. Walker is the founder. His theater has prospered and only recently played to an enthusiastic clientele in New York where the charm of his stage-produc-tions and the featuring of the works of Lord Dunsany assured his success. Lord Dunsany is, himself, a dramatist of doubtful authenticity. The brilliant, melodramatic method of his plays suggests an at least spiritual decadence from the Irish Theater of Synge and Colum—a decadence in which the exotic influence of the French symbolist drama is perhaps palpable. But the plays of Mr. Walker are a refraction through at least two foreign atmospheres. They suggest a piece of carpentry built up by taking several foreign and mutually alien bits of furniture apart. They are a reconstruction of Maeter-linckian simplicity, Dunsanyan color and fairy-lore borrowed from the Brothers Grimm. And their one [520] The Seven Arts Chronicle contribution—the one thing in them that is American—is a fatuous and sentimental optimism. They are poorly written in a sort of self-con-scious jingle; they are meager in invention and one hears in them the unceasing and repellant clang of foreign idioms. All in all, it is to be regretted that a native of our lively continent who has seen so much of it should so insistently have advertised his lack of that personal reality which is the spark of good writing. LITERATURE IN THE UNMAKING There is about certain persons a deadening atmosphere. It may be hard to localize. They may act and look and talk like creatures of sound substance. But one goes away from them diminished, heart-sick, thirsty for clear air and the sun as if one had been dreaming in a charnel-house. There are, moreover, books of the same sort. And "Literature in the Making" by Joyce Kilmer (Harpers, $1.40) is one of them. It is hard to believe that merely the dominant note of ineptitude which pervades most of this book’s chapters could have brought about the sense of sacrilege and death that it exudes. Silliness is rather a part of life than of death. And ignorance may go with youth. The book is a series of literary interviews:—but Robert W. Chambers discoursing on "Genius", Kathleen Norris saying of Dickens, "I think I like him chiefly because he saw so clearly the joys of the poor", and Rex Beach proving how the motion-picture is cleaning up the novel should properly furnish pleasant reading. A series of conversations with writers so various as Booth Tarkington, George Barr McCutcheon, Charles Rann Kennedy, E. A. Robinson and Amy Lowell might well prove an in-digestable satura; but there should be nothing ghoulish about it. And not even the fact that the interviews were garnered from the Sunday Supplement of the New York Times can explain our feeling. Logically one is forced to the conclusion that something in Joyce Kilmer’s treatment of these subjects must be responsible for the pervasion of decrepitude and despair that the book brings. This is undoubtedly the case. There is nothing sinister in what Mr. Chambers says of the speed limitations of Flaubert; but there is something decidedly sinister in the spectacle of a critic seriously noting it. Arthur Guiterman’s advice to poets is merely fatuous,—but Mr. Kilmer’s authoritative report of it is terrifying. The wisdom of George Barr McCutcheon applied to fiction and magazines might have its place in any verbal circus; but a chapter devoted to it— in a book called "Literature in the Making—By Some of its Makers"— suggests a nightmarish perversion of the eternal verities. And the pursuance of one tone of voice on the part of the chronicler from Harry Leon Wilson to E. A. Robinson and from Fannie Hurst to Amy Lowell offers a picture of critical obtuseness which becomes sardonic indeed when one considers that it has been exhibited in authoritative places and published forth to the world by a reputable journal and a reputable house. Herein lies the vice of this book: that it was written seriously, printed seriously and doubtless is seriously read. This equation of reality sets in a different light the complacent follies which otherwise we might have laughed at. For at once, the condition underlying the spectacle is clear—a widespread and American condition—the condition [521] The Seven Arts Chronicle of a people with no sense of values society, would not Mr. Joyce Kilmer and without reverence for the truth be laughed into the limbo where his that lies in art. In any less supine dogmatic ignorance consigns him? The Provincetown Players In the prospectus of the Provincetown Players for their second Manhattan season lie reaffirmations of the creed that carried them through two spontaneously creative summer seasons at Provincetown and their uniquely successful first season in New York. "We have a theater because we want to do our own thing in our own way. . . . Our justification for existence must lie now, as it did when we began, in our own faith and impulse." Seeds of life, these. But lying with them, in an ever so slightly stressed page of quotations from the critics, lurks a tiny black seed that may make for decay. Perhaps it will die in their old Wharf Theater at Provincetown this summer, and the Provincetown Players will come back next fall, revivified, purged of human foibles, as firmly resolved to ignore professional criticism this year as last. Their theater was unique among Manhattan’s little theaters last year, for the Provincetown Players naively set about trying the untried experiment of conducting their first season in New York as simply and unpretentiously as they had managed their two summer seasons at Provincetown. As a matter of illuminating fact, they shifted their Playwrights’ Theater from an artists’ summer colony in an old fishing town to a Broadway-pierced city without disturbing its basic idea; the purely experimental production of unproduced plays by American playwrights before a more or less self-selected group of people interested in experiments more than in safely forecasted results. They dared to attempt to survive without a press agent, without publicity, without extending press privileges, without invitations to dramatic critics. With trust and hope they circularized a comparatively small group of New Yorkers, and garnered an audience as spontaneously responsive as their summer auditors. Intending to play two nights every two weeks, the surprisingly ready number of subscribers forced the extension of their fortnightly bill to four and then five nights, and with their opening week they closed their subscription books, modestly but adequately financed for the year. Still without a press agent and without publicity they put on their first bill in their improvised theater in Mac-dougal Street, of one act plays made up from their Provincetown repertoire. Its sincere production set a healthy standard, and sincerely and proudly amateur the Playwrights’ Theater continued on its way, unheralded, unsung by any but its own, inviting no comparisons with professional standards, and with no self-conscious and self-limiting eye cast at box office, audience, or critics. Therefore it came to pass that the Provincetown Players, ignoring the blessings of publicity and deliberately evading its curses, by the very brightness of their high exclusiveness, automatically invited it. The critics came down, endured novel difficulties to gain admission, were amused by an aloofness flowering so strangely in New York, and wrote pleasant [522] The Seven Arts Chronicle things about the little theater on Macdougal Street. It was inevitable, and it was inevitably gratifying. So the critics have a page in the prospectus of the Provincetown Players’ second season, a yielding to the perfume of praise which is only human, but which indicates a subtle change in attitude on the part of the Provincetown Players which, if precedent counts for anything, is too likely to make eventually for self-consciousness and semi-professionalism. It presages another thing as threatening to the fine amateur spirit which the Provincetown Players brought into New York, a change in the quality of its next year’s subscription audiences. For the audiences at the Playwrights’ Theater last winter were as interesting as the plays and players. It happened somehow that this group of subscribers, gathered from many diverse quarters, was a thing as young in spirit as the Playwrights’ Theater itself, and, realizing this, and trusting in its responsiveness to their ideals, the Players experimented with plays as freely as at the Wharf Theater, "producing their own thing in their own way" ; inviting many failures in their faith that out of unusual, dangerous, or frankly doubtful plays might come successes worth while, knowing always that honest experimentation is its own reward. This is, of course the only spirit which can keep a players’ workshop experimental, but, remaining that, it demands as much of the temper of its audiences and owes as much to it, as to the temper of its own working group. This sort of audience the Provincetown Players last year in some way divinely achieved. Their audiences stood faithfully by, through three successive bills that did not hold one success, giving the Players their fair chance for second wind, and so saw them through an entirely successful latter half year. In their prospectus the Provincetown Players quote from "prominent critics, actors, and producers," avowedly because "their expressions of approval may be of interest" to those whom they ask to subscribe for their coming season. Their last season’s subscribers were not gathered in so, and it is doubtful if those who are inspired to join this year from the faddist’s interest in favorable professional criticisms will have the same reactions to pure experiment, the same indifference to failures, or will see beyond the raggednesses of amateur production the idea for which an experimental playwright’s theater stands. They will be too apt to come, expecting successes graded according to professional standards, and they will not react comprehend-ingly to plays that are surface failures. Since a theater such as the Playwrights’ Theater demands a peculiarly plastic and responsive audience, it is surely not the height of wisdom to stress success, and ensnare thereby a too-expectant subscription list. For, if it is to remain a theater for experimenting with unknown and doubtful quantities, its successes will be inevitably over balanced by what, from the average point of view, are frankly failures. The blessings of publicity are as far-reaching as its curses, but they do not reach as far as little theaters which stand for the purely amateur and empirical. Perhaps nothing that has lasted a year in New York can pass on into another year with its ideal unchanged. Perhaps a theater whose artistic and financial success last year was achieved primarily because it definitely eschewed press agent and crit- [523] The Seven Arts Chronicle ics cannot face its second year with that same wise avoidance of professional criticism. Perhaps it is humanly impossible for the Province -town Players to preserve within themselves the same real indifference to outside criticism with whch they came into New York last year. By just so much as they value it, however, and are influenced consciously or unconsciously by it, they depart from the basic ideal on which the Wharf Theater at Provincetown was founded—a theater for playwrights, artists, and actors, avowedly experimental, inviting an audience interested in experiments rather than results, holding themselves serenely apart from the current cant of comment which blames or praises, too interested in the play for the play’s sake to be self-conscious or afraid. But, not inviting publicity, they have achieved it, and in their prospectus have accepted it. Their ideals may be rooted deep enough to survive the crucial test of this second and crucial year. If they do move through their second season here without swerving from their ideal policy to consider plays first, the audience last, and critics not at all, they will have wrought out of themselves one of the few miracles of dramatic history in America. Z. Photography Photography, which is the first and only important contribution, thus far, of science to the arts, finds its raison d'etre, like all media, in a complete uniqueness of means. This is an absolute unqualified objectivity. Unlike the other arts which are really anti-photographic, this objectivity is of the very essence of photography, its contribution and at the same time its limitation. And just as the majority of workers in other media have completely misunderstood the inherent qualities of their respective means, so photographers, with the possible exception of two or three, have had no conception of the photographic means. The full potential power of every medium is dependent upon the purity of its use, and all attempts at mixture end in such dead things as the color etching, the photographic painting and, in photography, the gum print, oil print, etc., in which the introduction of hand work and manipulation is merely the expression of an impotent desire to paint. It is this very lack of understanding and respect for their material, on the part of the photographers themselves, which directly accounts for the consequent lack of respect on the part of the intelligent public and the notion that photography is but a poor excuse for an inability to do anything else. The photographer’s problem, therefore, is to see clearly the limitations and at the same time the potential qualities of his medium, for it is precisely here that honesty no less than intensity of vision is the prerequisite of a living expression. This means a real respect for the thing in front of him, expressed in terms of chiaroscuro (color and photography having nothing in common) through a range of almost infinite tonal values which lie beyond the skill of the human hand. The fullest realization of this is accomplished without tricks of process or manipulation, through the use of straight photographic methods. It is in the organization of this objectivity that the photographer’s point of view [524] The Seven Arts Chronicle towards Life enters in, and where a formal conception born of the emotions, the intellect, or of both, is as inevitably necessary for him, before an exposure is made, as for the painter, before he puts brush to canvas. The objects may be organized to express the causes of which they are the effects, or they may be used as abstract forms, to create an emotion unrelated to the objectivity as such. This organization is evolved either by movement of the camera in relation to the objects themselves or through their actual arrangement, but here, as in everything, the expression is simply the measure of a vision, shallow or profound, as the case may be. Photography is only a new road from a different direction, but moving toward the common goal, which is Life. Notwithstanding the fact that the whole development of photography has been given to the world through "Camera Work" in a form uniquely beautiful as well as perfect in conception and presentation, there is no real consciousness, even among photographers, of what has actually happened : namely, that America has really been expressed in terms of America without the outside influence of Paris art-schools or their dilute offspring here. This development extends over the comparatively short period of sixty years, and there was no real movement until the years between 1895 and 1910, at which time an intense rebirth of enthusiasm and energy manifested itself all over the world. Moreover, this renaissance found its highest aesthetic achievement in America, where a small group of men and women worked with honest and sincere purpose, some instinctively and few consciously, but without any background of photographic or graphic formulae, much less any cut and dried ideas of what is Art and what isn’t ; this innocence was their real strength. Everything they wanted to say had to be worked out by their own experiments ; it was born of actual living. In the same way the creators of our skyscrapers had to face the similar circumstance of no precedent, and it was through that very necessity of evolving a new form, both in architecture and photography that the resulting expression was vitalized. Where in any medium has the tremendous energy and potential power of New York been more fully realized than in the purely direct photographs of Stieglitz? Where a more subtle feeling which is the reverse of all this, the quiet simplicity of life in the American small town, so sensitively suggested in the early work of Clarence White? Where in painting, more originality and penetration of vision than in the portraits of Steichen, Kasebier and Frank Eugene? Others, too, have given beauty to the world, but these workers, together with the great Scotchman, David Octavius Hill, whose portraits made in 1860 have never been surpassed, are the impor-tant factors of a living photographic tradition. They will be the masters no less for Europe than for America because by an intense interest in the life of which they were really a part, they reached through a national, to a universal expression. In spite of indifference, contempt and the assurance of little or no remuneration they went on, as others will do, even though their work seems doomed to a temporary obscurity. The thing they do remains the same ; it is a witness to the motive force that drives. The existence of a medium, after all, is its absolute justification, if as so many seem to think, it needs one, and all comparison of potentialities is useless and irrelevant. Whether a water-color is inferior to an oil, or whether [525] The Seven Arts Chronicle a drawing, an etching, or a photo-	gratitude everything through which graph is not as important as either, is	the spirit of man seeks to obtain ever inconsequent. To have to despise some-	fuller and more intense self-realiza- thing else is a sign of impotence. Let	tion. us rather accept joyously and with	Paul Strand. Music and Recruiting It was at the concert of June 20th, the first of those planned for this season by the Civic Orchestral Society, that Mr. Otto H. Kahn addressed the audience. The concert, as well as the entire series, had been advertised as "Patriotic." The adjective has of late lost something of its edge, its precision of meaning, and most of the people who attended the first concert doubtless speculated on the element that would distinguish this concert from others. To some, the word no doubt suggested that St. Nicholas Rink, where the concerts take place this year, would be festooned with the banners of the United States, of Britain and of France. To some, it foreshadowed the inclusion of certain patriotic airs in the exercises. To others, the word presented itself as the advertisement of the fact that the society had obtained the services of a Parisian conductor eager to include a good deal of French music on his programmes. To few, however, did it intimate the performance that was to take place. The guesses were accurate to a certain extent. The rink was draped with the banners of the United States, of Britain and of France. M. Pierre Monteaux did conduct an overture of Lalo, the symphonic fragment from Franck’s "Redemption," and the air from "Louise", conducted them incisively as he conducted the Third Leonore Overture badly. Two verses of the "Star-Spangled Banner" were sung by Miss Anna Case, becomingly draped in the folds of the American flag. It was only when, at the close of the intermission, there appeared in the conductor’s stand not M. Monteaux, but Mr. Otto H. Kahn, that the audience realized with a shock that there were intentions in the word "patriotism" which it had not as yet encountered. Mr. Otto H. Kahn made a speech. It was not a short speech. But it can be summed up in a few sentences. Mr. Otto H. Kahn congratulated the audience on the fact that art was still neutral, and expressed his delight that the conductor of the concerts of the Civic Orchestral Society was a "son of France." He expressed also his delight that the realm of music had not as yet been contaminated by the war, and announced that it was the intention of the Society (of which he is Treasurer) to demonstrate the connection between music and patriotism by introducing speeches on Patriotism and Art and other allied subjects into the course of each concert. He concluded by presenting to the audience Colonel Chadwick, U. S. A., the first speaker. Mr. Otto H. Kahn then descended from the stand, and Colonel Chadwick, U. S. A., neatly clad in khaki, ascended it, and made his speech on Art and Patriotism and other allied subjects. He reminded the audience that volunteering in New York City was lagging, that only a fraction of the quota had offered itself for [526] The Seven Arts Chronicle service. He was positive that everyone in the audience who was not himself fit for service knew some young man who was, and could bring pressure to bear on him. He could not recommend sufficiently the benefits of joining the army. It made, he said, all the good in you "come out." Because of the wages paid the soldiers the army today compared favorably with all other professions. In fact, simply because of the education and the training and the advantages it offered you, no other institution could rival it. And, best of all, those who joined the army Made the World Safe for Democracy, and enabled their Country to have at its disposal, after the war was over, a large body of trained men. Thereupon Colonel Chadwick, U. S. A., stepped down, and M. Mon-teaux resumed his place. The audience that heard those speeches was not Bought with German Gold. It was not even an assemblage of "slackers, traitors, and pacifists." It was quite a normal and representative gathering, as far as one could make out. Many of those who composed it, one can be sure, were convinced of the righteousness of this war, the justice of the draft, were ready to give their all to the prosecution of the business, no matter how terrible it seemed to them. And yet, there was little applause. There was applause neither for the speech of Otto H. Kahn, nor for Colonel Chadwick’s little contribution to Art and Patriotism and other Allied subjects. American audiences do not hiss. One has often cause to regret that they do not. And yet, they have their own fashion of signifying disapproval. They remain silent, be it from dislike of publicity, be it from timidity. So it was that night at St. Nicholas Rink. But one had only to observe the manner in which the auditors listened to the speeches, with heads bent over their laps, with eyes fixed on the floor, one had only to observe the disdainful smiles on the faces of those who watched the speakers, to listen to the remarks whispered all about one, to know what they felt. For what they knew and what they felt, what they would have said if they had spoken, were the words with which the mother, in the story that we all know, scolds her disobedient little son: "What you did isn’t bad, Willie. It’s worse than bad. It’s vulgar!" And they were right. The act of introducing recruiting speeches into the programme of a symphony concert is a contemptibly vulgar one. It is contemptibly vulgar from all points of view, from the point of view of those who favor this war as well as from the point of view of those who oppose it. It would have been quite as vulgar if the "lecture" had been the most brilliant of orations, and not the stupidest of recruiting speeches. It would have been vulgar even if there had not been statutory a law conscribing ten millions of men for military service. For it was without any doubt an action motivated by, and indirectly revealing, a brutal ignorance of values, or a brutal disregard for them. It was an action that could be perpetrated only by persons devoid of reverence both for the marvelous human beings who gave themselves in music, and for such of their own fellows who come in need to those great souls. Certainly, only one who lacked all grasp of the actual content of music would dare thrust himself upon the art, would dare to seek to force it to carry his will rather than that of the men who created it. Only such a one would even dream of daring to use [527] The Seven Arts Chronicle it for ends other than its own, and press recruits by playing Bach and César Franck. And only one who was quite ignorant of the impulse that takes people to music would consider standing between them and their refreshment. And yet that is what Mr. Kahn and those associated with him are quite prepared to do. They are willing to permit Bach and Beethoven and Franck and the rest to speak, so long as their speaking abets recruiting, so long as their speaking furnishes an excuse for drumming recruits. They are willing to permit their fellows, at least those who are able to afford their dollar or half-dollar or quarter-dollar, to obtain their consolation and nourishment, on condition that they submit themselves for twenty minutes during each concert to those thoughts that have made them most needful of the ministration of music. Much irreverence for human monuments and human rights has been displayed during the course of this war. Much of it has been barbarously cruel. But one doubts whether irreverence, whether ignorance of values and disregard of them have, during the entire course of the war, assumed a form quite as contemptible as the one they are assuming at the concerts of the Civic Orchestral Society. For the sake of those who still attach some glamor to it, Mr. Kahn and his associates ought to remove the word "Patriotic" from the advertisements of their concerts.	Paul Rosenfeld. Conspirators "Woe unto them that stand in our way in this hour of high resolutions!" I have been attending the trial of three of those who tried to stand in our way. The Government could scarcely have had victims more unfortunate for its own purposes in its desire to root out disloyalty. My three students were arrested as symbols of a vast conspiracy which was to involve the seditious teachings of professors in a great University and to trail back to German moneybags. At the end of the trial, the prosecutor, unable to discover professors or pro-Germans, was reduced, "as a Columbia graduate," to thanking God that his University was not responsible for such doctrines as these. In the haste to uncover a conspiracy, the Government agents had not waited for the students to commit a pragmatic crime. The manifesto urging people not to register had been seized in the printing shop. So the charge was the metaphysical one of "conspir- acy." To "conspire" you do not have to carry out your wicked purpose. You merely have to agree together to do something unlawful, and then have one of you make some gesture towards carrying it out. It is very subtle. Your wickedness seems to consist not so much in injuring the Government or causing anybody to disobey a law, but rather in obscurely hurting the feelings of Government by concertedly starting some such disobedient enterprise. The students actually never got their document into the hands of a single person who might be urged to violate the law. But the New York newspapers, the day after the seizure, printed the document, either in whole on in part, thus putting its seditious eloquence into the hands of thousands of young men of conscript age a week before registration day. In this gratuitous distribution, however, the newspapers were quite innocent of crime, for they were performing the [528] The Seven Arts Chronicle legal act of reporting a judicial proceeding. Pragmatically, they did the very crime—and with far more comprehensiveness and dispatch than the "conspirators" ever hoped for—which the latter faced two years in prison for merely hoping to do. Presumably, any one of the "conspirators" could have bought two thousand copies of the New York Herald, which printed the document in full,—could have cut out the manifesto and mailed it to two thousand men of registration age. He would then, with perfect legality, be personally accomplishing the very end which he was indicted for trying unsuccessfully to do. Such law and such grotesqueries belong to the stage of "Alice in Wonderland" rather than a modern American civilization. Yet a well-bred and democratic Government was found seriously pressing this metaphysical charge of "conspiracy," and a patriotic jury was found solemnly convicting the two youths, Phillips and Cat-tell,—Eleanor Parker having been acquitted at the direction of the judge. No conceivable human purpose was served, except that the Government whose feelings had been covertly insulted, and an archaic principle of English law which had been outraged, might receive appeasement, and that the functionaries whose business it is to furnish that appeasement might earn the reward of good and faithful servants. I think that people indicted for mystical crimes like this are entitled to be freed if they are techically innocent of the mystical crime. And since one cannot conspire alone, the intention of either one of the defendants to bring the seditious document within the law made them both technically innocent of conspiracy. All this the judge emphasized, stressing the need of acquittal if the testimony of Cattell’s parents and friends was to be believed. But the jury was of plain blunt men, brushing through the technicalities of the law, and deeming it no time, when we are all working to make the world safe for democracy, to countenance any such opinions or desires as these students held. It is unfair to the students to say that the defence tried to take advantage of technicalities. There is nothing cowardly in trying to avoid a perfectly real pragmatic punishment of a prison sentence for a merely metaphysical crime which a Government is trying to fasten on you, "as a warning to others." Phillips was brave enough in refusing personally to register, and thus making himself inevitably subject to the punishment his document urged others to risk. There is no need of making heroes out of Phillips, Cat-tell and Eleanor Parker. They are winning and rather clear-eyed people. They were idealistic and ingenuous to a fault. They must have been surprised at their capture by the Government as dangerous conspirators. But strenuous objections should be made to their punishment on the charge made. It was a most unpleasant experience to sit in the courtroom and hear the young prosecutor ridiculing their opinions and trying to stigmatize them as cravens and cowards. The newspapers docilely backed him up with their usual unfairness towards all who do not bow before the war-spirit. As this verdict stands, I think there is a stain on a Government which, in a reputedly democratic war, is willing to use legal mysticisms to punish idealistic young students who oppose its militaristic technique. Although the sentence was a minimum sentence, concession having been made to the upper-class status of the defendants, Government prosecutors and grand juries should not be encouraged to use the metaphysics of the law against [529] The Seven Arts Chronicle pacifists who cannot be charged with actual pragmatic crime. Juries should not be encouraged to convict on the basis of patriotic feelings when evidence beyond all reasonable doubt is absent. All these archaic concepts of political conspiracy and sedition that cluster around the idea of "lese-ma- jeste" a democratic government can afford, even in war-time, to allow to become corroded through neglect. They do not in any way protect the safety of the people, and they become, in war-time, the easiest instruments of oppression and spite. R. B. Communication In the June "Seven Arts Chronicle," Mr. Paul Rosenfeld wrote of the recent performances in New York of Liszt’s "Eine Faust Sinfonie" and Berlioz’s "Requiem." The performances in question were Dr. Muck’s conducting of the former at a Boston Symphony concert and Edgar Varese’s of the latter. Mr. Rosenfeld’s critical writing is generally worthy ; it has sanity and is unquestionably sincere. Occasionally we find him basing final judgments on insufficient acquaintance with works of art. And, in a sense, his remarks on these works of Liszt and Berlioz —which he feels were "recreated" by Dr. Muck and Mr. Varèse—smack of something of this kind. I am prompted to set these words down for but two reasons: first, to inform those who do not know them of the facts; second, because I am rendered "exceeding comfortless" by a critic of discrimination standing in awe before the Berlioz "Requiem." Mr. Rosenfeld, in speaking of the Liszt "Faust," says: "We, who had heard the ‘Faust’ Symphony only under Stransky." That sentence, with its undeniable sneer, should have been contributed to the Daniel Gregory Mason-Arthur Whiting Anti-Philharmonic drive in the New York Sunday Times last winter. That is where it belonged. Mr. Stransky’s reading of the "Faust" Symphony— I have heard him do it three times— is unforgettable. In my opinion, and I	am not alone, it quite surpasses Dr. Muck’s, the latter’s lacking in passion, in emotional fullness. Especially the "Gretchen" movement was devoid of a plastic freedom as Dr. Muck did it and its changing moods not smoothly shifted. As for the revised score which the Boston conductor found at "Wahnfried," the cuts are not significant and the transference of some bassoon recitatives was effected by Mr. Stransky long ago, though he never saw Liszt’s revised score. Realizing that Liszt thought of these passages in a tone-color foreign to the bassoon, though he set them down for it, Mr. Stransky gave them to the bass-clarinet. That is precisely what Liszt did when, years after he finished the symphony, he made a revision of the partitur! "Perhaps as the most classic artist who ever composed music"—Mr. Rosenfeld believes that of Berlioz; I shudder! Berlioz the verbose,—the bombastic, corruscatingly brilliant Berlioz, poverty-stricken in ideas— the most classic! No one denies that Berlioz wrote well and sonorously, but with power? No! In conversation one evening this winter, M. Ernest Bloch expressed the regret that Berlioz had been a musician. What a [530] The Seven Arts Chronicle splendid mathematician, philosopher, or essayist he would have made! But a musician, from an inspirational standpoint—M. Bloch agreed with me that Berlioz had failed. Invention — thematic material — ideas—call it what you will ! He was barren—and nothing is more barren than the "Requiem." Be not deceived by its "furious clangor of trumpets," its big brassy climaxes—they are not vital, they are theatric. If you grant their authenticity, you must do the same for the hopelessly banal finale of Abbé Liszt’s "Preludes." Liszt’s music, even in this commonplace instance, is a good tune. And we have all our life been searching for a really good tune in Berlioz. We did not hear the Varèse-Scranton Choral Society performance of the "Requiem" ; we make it our business to be among those not present when this tiresome music is dragged out once a decade. But we know this music very well and it pains us to have Mr. Rosenfeld attempt to tell us—unquestionably in all sincerity—that the line of Berlioz’s music can be compared only "with the lines of Egyptian sculpture." It makes us fear that one of these days he will write an essay on the delicate line of the 5/4 movement of Tschai-kowsky’s "Pathètique!" At that, Tschaikowsky had more to say— though we personally are not especially keen to listen to it—than did Hector Berlioz ! A. Walter Kramer. Author's Note.—It is regrettable, of course, that Berlioz must do without the regard of Messrs. Kramer and Bloch. But for those who hold him in esteem, it will be some consolation to remember that he counts among his fervent admirers a critic like Romain Rolland and a composer like Richard Strauss. [531] "The Masses" and American Rights THE latest incident in a series of bureaucratic infringements on the liberty of the press in the United States, is the suppression of the August Masses and the threatened indictment of its editors. This last number of the magazine, which contains criticisms of the war policy of the Administration, was denied the use of the mails by the Solicitor of the Post Office, on the ground that it violates "in spirit" the recently passed Espionage Act. The terms of the Espionage Act are sufficiently vague, affording an opportunity for illiberal bureaucratic construction under which any paper which ventures to oppose the war can be suppressed. But the practical difficulties of liberal journalism are made almost insuperable by the refusal of the Solicitor to specify the passages which are alleged to violate the law. The actions of the postal authorities are, by custom, not subject to review in any court of law; and it is thus possible for any periodical to be temporarily suppressed without legal determination of the facts of the case, and without the possibility of appeal in time to save the issue. The Post Office censorship thus established definitely refuses to pass in advance upon the contents of periodicals; it denies to such issues as it chooses the use of the mails; and for having attempted to mail such periodicals, the editors are put in jeopardy of a fine of not more than $5,000 or imprisonment for not more than five years, or both! It remains to be seen if public opinion—and Congress—will tolerate this bureaucratic attempt to abrogate the right, constitutionally guaranteed to the American people, of a free press. [532] Alfred A. Knopf announces a New Borzoi Book By James Oppenheim THE BOOK OF SELF "It combines .... the best qualities of seer and singer." New York Evening Post. "Of all the diverse and often discordant voices of modern American poetry, James Oppenheim is most consciously and comprehensively the voice of the New Age." Louisville Courier-Journal. "Mr. Oppenheim differs widely from the great run of contemporary poets in his possession both of a distinct and definitely personal style and a distinct and definitely personal message, which have their roots in a passionate sincerity and flower up into large and exceptionally vigorous life." New York Times. 12mo. Italian Boards. 280 pages. $1.50 net Borzoi Books are unusually interesting. You should ask your Bookseller to show them to you. But if you want a Catalogue address the publisher at 220 WEST FORTY-SECOND ST R E ET, N E W YO R K Open Door to the "Forbidden City," Peking, Where Manchu Troops Intrenched Themselves Against the Republic CHINA EMPIRE OR REPUBLIC Sees a dynasty go, a President come, and the reverse happen. But the fundamental daily life of the people follows its unbroken path. You who have the broad human interest and inquiring mind of the lover of the seven arts, must recognize rare treasure in the Orient. ASIA The new richly illustrated monthly of the American Asiatic Association, Weaves the background of the Far East’s long past into today’s story of the turning into modern ways. It is the only magazine of broad scope devoted to the Orient, published in this country. If you would extend your vision internationally in line with the new world position of the United States, ASIA is essential to you. American Asiatic Association, 280 Madison Ave., New York City. I enclose one dollar for the next four issues of ASIA, Journal of the American Asiatic Association. Name and Address............................. iv The Children’s School (Fourth Year) The aim of the school is to develop the personality of each child as basis for social sciousness. Classes in open-air rooms throughout the building For boys and girls from 2 to 81/2 years A large roof playground; carpentry shop; studio for modelling and drawing; auditorium for music and dancing. Particular attention to Science and spoken French. Special teachers for special subjects. Afternoon trips in connection with school work. Write for booklet Miss Margaret Naumburg 34 West Sixty-eighth Street New York NAIF COSTUMES OF ELUSIVE CHARM AT THE Exclusive flambeau 7 EAST 39th ST.	NEW YORK MARY ASQUITH PLAY BROKER PLAYS FOR PRODUCTION BOOKS AND PLAYS FOR PICTURES 1402 BROADWAY, NEW YORK AUTHORS! Special attention to beginners. Serials, short Stories, Articles, etc., marketed on commission. Terms, 10%. No charge for editing, revising, or typing work unless it is sold. Criticism (5,000 words or under) S1.00. Submit mss., or write for full particulars. WM. N. LABBERTON, Lit. Agt.. 569 West 150th St., New York City. Your Friends? PERHAPS the most interesting thing about a magazine, significant of its real strength or otherwise, is what its readers think and feel about it. The Seven Arts' readers are never indifferent; they either like it very much—or dislike it very much. There is no middle ground. You, yourself, for instance, feel very strongly about this magazine; but what do your friends think? Should it chance that some of your friends do not know The Seven Arts and would appreciate a magazine with which they will either agree or disagree thoroughly, we will gladly mail them a specimen copy. And we will sincerely thank you for sending us the names of those interested in this magazine for, although our family is growing splendidly, we warmly welcome each new member. V for forty years. And out of its plans grew an inhuman machine—terrible in perfection, terrible in power, terrible in its challenge to the democratic faith in the capacity of men to govern themselves. Potsdam’s plans are to be overthrown, not by a million minute men that rise up over night, nor by the valor of good intentions. But by other plans as thoughtfully conceived, as painstakingly developed, and as brilliantly executed. As Potsdam thinks, so Germany acts. As America thinks, so America acts. To think straight and far just now is to contribute to the vitality of American public opinion—our motive power, the source of our action. Herbert Hoover says that the best balanced organ of liberal thought in America today is The New Republic ___________.Tear off and mail today to The New Republic, 421 West 21st Street, New York City For the attached dollar	Name ....................................... bill send a four-months Acquaintance Subscrip-	Address ..................................... tion to: (Open to New Subscribers Only) ............................................ THE SAMOVAR Six East Thirty-Sixth Street Open All Summer Luncheon—a la carte Afternoon Tea A wonderful Dinner at One Dollar per cover MISS RIORDAN INDIVIDUALITY Costumes and interior decorations made of decorated textiles possess distinct individuality and charm. They are dainty, artistic and absolutely vogue. Please write for information. EMILY ROCKWOOD DECORATOR OF TEXTILES 291 Fifth Ave. New York INDEX OF ADVERTISERS \ Page ART GALLERIES Frederick Keppel &amp; Co......................................i BOOK-SELLERS Brentanos ..........................................................i INTERIOR DECORATORS Emily Rockwood ..............................................vii Flambeau Weavers ..........................................v COSTUMES Bertha Holley ....................................................ii LITERARY AGENCIES Mary Asquith ....................................................v William N. Labberton ....................................v PERIODICALS The Writer’s Bulletin ......................................vii The New Republic............................................vi American Asiatic Association........................iv PUBLISHERS Henry Holt &amp; Co................................................iii Horace Holley ..................................................i Alfred A. Knopf ..............................................iv Liberty Publishing Assoc................................i Polish Book Importing Co..............Cover Porter E. Sargent ..........................................vii TEA ROOMS Samovar Tea Room ........................................vii SCHOOLS American Schools’ Association........................ii The Children’s School......................................v TUTORS Tutor, Care The Seven Arts............................vii Sargent's handbook American Private Schools, 1917 3d Edition, revised and enlarged, new features A Guidebook for Parents A Compendium for Educators A critical and discriminating account of the Private Schools as they are, written without fear or favor. Indispensable for Parents, Educators, College Officials and all interested in Secondary Education. New Introductory Chapters:  "Educational Advance in 1916," "Educational Literature of 1916"; "Measuring Intelligence," by Prof. R. M. Yerkes of Harvard University; "Choosing a Camp," by Morton Snyder of Newark Academy; "Vocational Guidance," by F. C. Woodman of Morristown School. 672 pages, round corners, crimson silk cloth, gold stamped, $2.50. Our Educational Information Bureau supplements the Handbook in furnishing unprejudiced and reliable Counsel to Parents. Write us. No Fee. A Handbook of New England Descriptive of Town and Country along the Routes of Automobile Travel. A Humanized Baedeker, a Year Book, a Gazetteer, a Guide Book. The only book that presents New England as a whole. Introductory Chapters on Geology, Flora, Architecture, etc. Directories and Appendices. New 1917 Edition, enlarged and improved. 900 pages, with Illustrations and Maps. Round corners, crimson silk cloth, gold stamped, $2.50. Limp crimson leather, $3.00. Circulars and Sample Pages on Request. PORTER E. SARGENT 50 Congress St.	BOSTON, MASS. THE WRITER'S BULLETIN AND LITERARY REVIEW Helps You Write, Re-Write and Sell. Includes a Monthly, Up-to-Date List of Manuscript Markets $1.50 a Year. Foreign and Canadian. $1.75. Single Copies, 15c. No Writer Can Afford to be Without a Copy on His Desk Issued Monthly by The Bulletin Publishing Company 32 Union Square, East	New York City Experienced teacher and tutor, young man of refinement, desires position as resident or visiting TUTOR Available for summer or winter. Excellent references. May be interviewed in New York. Address Tutor, Care of Seven Arts. vii Note to Advertisers The Philip Goodman Company, Publishers of "Bottoms Up," by George Jean Nathan, inserted a quarter-page advertisement in the June issue of The Seven Arts. "Bottoms Up" was the Goodman Company’s first book ; both it and the company itself were practically unknown to either the trade or to the book-buying public. Yet The Seven Arts brought these results. June 21, 1917 New York City. The Seven Arts Publishing Co., 132 Madison Ave., New York City. Gentlemen :— I	am sure you will be interested to know that our advertisement in The Seven Arts has brought us the most gratifying results. It just so happened that your publication carrying the ad in question appeared before any other publication, and with electric effect we heard from book stores all over the country. Whether or not this was the result of a consumer demand we cannot say, but nevertheless The Seven Arts’ dollars-and-cents value was made clear by the fact that those very inquiries came in before any other publication carried the advertisement. Sincerely, The Philip Goodman Co. (Signed) Howard Deiz POLITICAL HISTORY POLAND E.H.LEWINSKI-CORWIN The thrilling story of Poland, from the era when Poland’s confines stretched northward to the Baltic, through the formation of the Polish Republic, the Cossack Wars, to the tragedy of Poland’s extinction, and the Polish question of the present war, is told in this new book. It is accurate, scholarly, yet an intense throbbing expression of Polish national life, of Poland’s rights to unfettered existence. Every American voicing President Wilson’s ringing plea for "a united, independent and autonomous Poland" should read it. 644 Pages, Profusely Illustrated with 268 Pictures and 14 Maps Handsomely Bound in Cloth, $3.00; by mail, $3.15 Limited de Luxe Edition (Ooze leather bound), $7.00; by mail, $7.25 For sale at all bookstores or direct from the publishers POLISH BOOK IMPORTING COMPANY, Inc. 83 Second Avenue, New York