The Egoist , made Published on the 1st of each month AN INDIVIDUALIST REVIEW Formerly the NEW FREEWOMAN No. 10.—Vol. II, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 1st, 1915. Sixpence. Editor: Harriet Shaw Weaver. Assistant Editor: Richard Aldington. Contributing Editor: , DORA MARSDEN, B.A. CONTENTS. page Views and Comments. ....... 149 Passing Paris. By Madame Ciolkowska .... 151 French Poems. By Charles Grolleau .... 152 Translations of Russian Fiction. By M. Montagu-Nathan 152 Poems and Fragments of Sappho. Translated by Edward Storer......... 153 Cubimpression and After. By Huntly Carter . . . 155 Une Femme est un État de Notre Âme . . . 156 The Ghosts of an Old House. By John Gould Fletcher . 157 page Two Poems. By Marianne Moore ..... 158 Woodcut of Richard Aldington. By Raoul Kristian . 159 "Der Sturm." By Alec W. G. Randall . . . .159 Laurent Tailhade. By Richard Aldington, with woodcut by Raoul Kristian ........ 159 Inconsiderable Imbecilities ...... 161 A Playntyve Ballade. By Richard Aldington . . . 161 To Alexander Berkman. By Alice Groff . . . 162 Correspondence ........ 162 VIEWS AND COMMENTS By Dora Marsden IT is probable that Mr. Lloyd George's mind was fixed more upon the "racket and clatter" than the conscription-controversy itself, when he supported his plea for less of the former by a picture of the Government intent upon the nice numerical calculation which, presumably, was to settle its fate. For, however much such a picture may tend to mitigate the " noise," it lends darkness rather than light to the controversy itself. The necessity for a prompt and systematic organizing of the community on a fighting-basis is not dependent on the number of individuals of military age —let their number be more or less—who while adamant to every verbal threat and persuasion are likely to prove vulnerable under threat of physical violence. The community at the present time has no choice as to whether it shall adopt a fighting-basis or no, and the question »s to whether society shall shape itself primarily to accommodate military requirements is not at issue. The storm in the tea-cup created by opposition to " conscription " turns upon what is scarcely more than a point of etiquette in the manner of conducting the work of re-organization. The question is whether the government responsible for the re-organization from a peace to a fighting one are to get on with their business in a straightforward manner, or whether they shall proceed to obtain the services which every one knows they can and must obtain by means of a painful and blarneying rhetoric, a large financial outlay, considerable individual unfairness and a sustained atmopshere of upbraiding, uncertainty and unrest. It would be a pity if this fact about the nature of conscription, i.e., that it is an affair of etiquette and not of " numbers," " facts," ' principles " and the like, is not kept clearly in sight; it should have a soothing influence on minds ready to leap giddily to visions of revolutions. * * * * The presence of a controversy of such a nature at such a time allows of one, and only one explanation: a government has been faced with responsibilities which it is too timorous to shoulder. They dare swear by the desired ends but tremble to adopt the necessary means, and to save themselves they call the people into the consultation. It is certain that means which appear too drastic for the government to accept responsibility will be too drastic to win unanimity if laid before a whole community. So—a controversy: talk: in war-time, and the outward appearance of a " disaffected " people while actually there exists the minimum of disaffection. The development of such a situation would damn any government even were no further proof of incapacity forthcoming. The consideration that they may have sought to exploit an affair of windy terminology into a semblance of seriousness in order to have in the people a scapegoat ready to offer up should military matters go seriously wrong would only go to prove that they possess the craft which disguises weakness rather than strength. A government which understood what constitutes the elements of their strength would have affirmed their claims upon the service of the people at the outset. They would not have condoned even an apparent laying of the subject open to discussion. Only when a people is " disaffected " and inclined to hold that their place in the State is not worth the cost of maintaining, could a government hold that such a question as conscription is open to debate: and it would then be the kind of discussion which a sane government would fear and shun. * * * * As it turns out, the war has revealed that there is no genuine disaffection among the people. Rarely has there been shown more whole-hearted unanimity than that with which the English people have affirmed that the Empire is worth preserving at all costs. Whatever the Government have left undone, the people at least have expected and been ready for conscription the " thing " if not for conscription the " name "—conscription the " thing " meaning that men are liable for training or military service or connected services when and as the Government see fit. And against that, no man in the country has had anything to say by as much as a syllable. The most obdurate of " slackers " ends by saying that "If they want him they can send for him," and one must agree that if they cannot send for him they don't particularly want him. No one has an argument against the Government's right to conscribe services equally, and if the Government had given specific form to such rights as they did to matters such as deferment of payments and the like, in the first days of the war, they would have passed into effect without comment, and practical sense would have recognized in them a necessary piece of eleventh hour legislation. Had they done so, a wrangle as to whether a man's services should be Voluntary or Compulsory would now appear as sensible as a wrangle over the merits of the voluntary over the compulsory principle in Taxation or the Assessment of Punishment for crimes. In fact, the enforcement of equal responsibility for military service forms an exact parallel with the enforcement of inhibitions in personal conduct, such as " Thou shalt not kill " and " Thou shall not steal." Those inhibitions are not enforced and made compulsory because we all detest them: quite a large number of people indeed refrain from murder, personal violence and theft by preference; yet they do not on that account work up a holy wrath against the laws which make the inhibitions more certain by threat of penalties. They welcome the laws rather—and not primarily because they chime in with our preferences but because they counter the tendencies of those who have no such preferences. The compulsory regulations which are laws are not in antithesis to preferences and voluntary desires; they are intended to put stamina into such preferences as are considered of first importance: devices for putting *' First things First," and safeguarding these from the variation which belongs to all personal moods and preferences. About a government at any rate which appears to require to be taught its business in relation to such safeguards there is something odd—either sinister or imbecile. Apparently this government does require teaching, and the bandying of argument which they encourage is for all the world a replica of the rhetoric used among sentimental anarchists. The " clatter and racket " tolerated in connection with the first duty of the Government of a Paramount State is a faithful copy of the Babel which rises when those gentle believers in the faith that the beginning and end of things is words congregate together. Nor is the " clatter and racket " wholly unintelligible: it can be followed, given the clue. The Government having shirked its most serious function, and put its " advisability " out to debate, the people naturally, are not slow to try what they can do with the responsibility thus thrust upon them. They promptly begin to put up as many " Wills and Won'ts " as children who are consulted about what they shall eat and wear; though prompted perhaps by the sound English instinct that nothing which is really important is genuinely debatable, they at once switch the discussion on to matters which they know there is no harm and no profit save amusement—in discussing. Discussion about matters affecting the Defence of the Realm transforms itself into discussion upon the merits of the profile or family aspirations of a newspaper proprietor; while the circumstances which are mere accompaniments—though necessary ones—of the abandonment of affairs of first importance to popular discussion are worked into the foreground and transformed into melodramatic " Plots against the People's Freedom." Shirking responsibility for all important decisions is what constitutes the abdication of governing power which power devolves on those upon whom the onus of decision is laid. Accordingly, a weak government which thrusts such decisions upon popular opinion, automatically makes newspaper-proprietors the arbiters of the situation, since those who control the avenues by way of which popular opinion is most affected are controllers of popular opinion. Any powerful group of newspapers finds itself in a position to do what the government have run away from doing: reach a decision. The most powerful newspaper-owner by the Government's action is hoisted into a position of a dictator, an autocrat, Napoleonic-plotter, what not, since in the modestest gathering some one must go through a door first. The less powerful papers on the other hand, by no means reluctant to take a hand in the governing game, and relying on our tradition of a Free Press—a tradition based on the sound trite truth that a cat may look at a king, but forgetful of the equally sound but not so trite truth that a king may please himself as to the manner of retorting upon the cat—try to make the most of their position as second in control and by force of suggestion work up opposition and rebellion. Which is the state of affairs obtaining at the present time and to any observant eye what has happened in this instance as a consequence of a government foisting its responsibility nominally on Popular Opinion but practically on the Press, forms the completest refutation of all arguments, which would prove the desirability of leaving the question of national service to popular opinion and option. The net results are to divert popular energy away from all serious matters and work up strife and heat by concentrating attention on the incidental and unimportant. These results the Press by its very form is calculated to achieve. The assertiveness of the printed page, the hypnotizing influence of daily reference and reiteration can make the mole-hill hide the mountain until it becomes a provoking distraction to be reminded that there is any mountain. National service for military purposes which at the outset the people recognized as incumbent and in need of being made compulsory, is now beginning to be debated as bitterly as the question of participation in the war would have been had the matter been handed over to popular opinion; while the " national need " so-called is suspected of being a fake worked by a party who wish to acquire merit by the introduction of drastic measure* to end the war which can be won quite as easily without them. The " seriousness " of the situation is a pretence: a put-up job by " Pessimists " with intent to scare " Optimists," and get the better of their arguments. Everywhere suspicion and argument, where but for the government's " democratic " cowardice, there would have been single-hearted energy. It is the inevitable consequence of having people in positions which are too big for them: questions are thrust for settlement out of their pertinent sphere, and those upon whom they are thrust, far from being competent to settle them are themselves put off their balance and plunged into confusion. One wonders what Cromwell, when he cleared the House of Commons and locked the door and put the key in his pocket, would have had to say to the popular press. At his exploit, says history, " Not a dog barked." Perhaps the press like the canine world will recognize when it has met a master. READERS THE EGOIST ARE ASKED TO BECOME SUBSCRIBERS For Terms of Subscription see page 163 PASSING PARIS WITH a comprehensive though swift obituary (Un poète français tombé au Champ d'honneur: Charles Péguy; Payot et Cie, Paris, 60c), M. Paul Seippel completes previous studies of the most monumental of the many French authors sacrificed to the war, notably the more elaborate notice by M. René Johannet published some years ago. In his little brochure M. Seippel draws as excellent a portrait as one could wish of the man, while criticizing his work with concision and judgment. One seldom reads monographs as happy, the custom of biographers and critics generally being to write around rather than about their subjects. Charles Péguy was a kind of Daniel Defoe. Had he lived in the century of that propagandist he would certainly have got himself into trouble. As it was he sowed and reaped a plentiful harvest of enemies. " I have always taken everything seriously," said he, " and that has led me far." In days of the past this habit led to the stake; in these it leads to unpopularity. But if only you can attain a sufficient measure of it, unpopularity will be as effective in procuring renown as popularity and prove more gratifying! Charles Péguy had the satisfaction of experiencing this paradox. Péguy was the modern personification of the crusader. Of this bellicose Christian it has been said: " He puts holy water in his petrol." The result is something chaotic, contradictory, picturesque, restless and intense in his practical life, but entirely favourable to his art. The echo of Charles Péguy's propaganda was strictly local and temporary, his poetry alone will have a hold beyond his time and country. However, it is impossible to separate the poet from the pamphleteer, for every line of his work is steeped in his opinions, enthusiasms, censures and " humanitarian, idealistic, Christianity-impregnated socialism." There was a time when he associated his ideas to those of different sects and parties, but successive disillusions led to the inevitable and nobler isolation. Péguy soon learnt that egotisms were not less violent among the revolutionaries than among the capitalists, and that some of the citizens by whose side he had struggled were no more " souls "—-those " souls " who were to form his " city harmonious "—than the most rapacious financiers. He respected above all what the average Socialist seems to respect least, namely, labour, and abhorred a"bove all the deliberate bungler (saboteur): "We have known the honourableness of work exactly similar to that which in the Middle Ages governed the hand and the heart," wrote the son of the widow who earned the family bread by mending the cane chairs in the Cathedral of Orleans (where Péguy was born in the year 1873). " We have known this care carried out to perfection, equal in its entirety, equal down to the smallest detail. . . . In my childhood I saw cane-chairs mended in exactly the same spirit and with the same love as moved the same people when they carved their cathedrals. What is left of all this to-day? How is it that the most laborious people in the world, the only one perhaps who loved work for the sake of work, for the sake of working, has been turned into a people of deliberate bunglers; by what means has it been turned into this people who when in the workshop will exercise its whole pains not to do a stroke? " Péguy, recalls M. Seippel, hard worker of old France as he was, shunned no tasks, whatever they were. He would sweep his little shop opposite the Sorbonne (against whose big-bodies he so often directed his campaigns), and even the pavement in front of his shop. He would rise before dawn, leave his little country cottage and take the first train into town. He brought their proofs to his contributors himself, sometimes knocking at their doors before they were awake, and would then take them to the printers at Suresnes. He was naturally ascetic, like unto those mediaeval monks whose vows of poverty gave them the right to speak the truth to their contemporaries. Péguy seems to have thought that reform is only possible through a return to origins. " The beginning [of a movement] is mystic, it renders the idea in its beauty and purity, then follow politics which appropriate, corrupt and destroy it." He applied this theory both to Republicanism and to Roman Catholicism. His discovery encouraged his conversion, which took place towards his fortieth year (after his disillusions! ). It was the corollary to a natural tendency, for Péguy's work was an expression of the primitive in spirit and the archaic in form. But he was not in the slightest sense a pilferer of the past. He confessed to being of the fifteenth century and was as honest and original as the probity and genius of that age exacted from its craftsmen. Politically and artistically he was a franc-tireur. His Catholicism was of a rebellious character and excluded him from the nationalist body whose adherents comprise many who admit to incredulity in the dogmas of the Church while officially supporting it for the sake of the hierarchy and discipline they desire to see restored in their country. M. Seippel ends his admirable study with the circumstances of Péguy's death, the logical conclusion of his part in that life which " is always a battle, where there is always a crusade," as Péguy makes God say, a death according to his own ideal as expresseel in his poem " Eve "— Happy those who have died for a plot of earth. Happy those who have died in great battles Fallen on the ground with face turned to God. . . . Happy those who have died for home and hearth And the poor honour of the father's house. . . . Happy those who have died,—they have returned To the earth and the clay. Happy those who have died in a just war. Happy the ripe ears, the harvested corn. —on September 5, 1914, in that famous battle of the Marne in which the men of France summoned all and just those national qualities of which Péguy himself was at once the portrayer and the portrait. * * * * It is strange to see M. Henri Albert, the translator of Nietzsche's complete works, give the popular and erroneous rendering of the German word " ehrenvoll " in the last number of the Mercure, and which misconstruction has led the world to imagine that Germany was aspiring to a merely "honourable" peace, instead of the "peace full of honour" to which it considers itself entitled in reality. M. Jacques Copeau has translated, and published with the Nouvelle Revue Française, Mr. Glutton-Brock's observations on the war. * * * # M. Charles Grolleau, whose poetry appears for the first time in England in these pages, has on several occasions been the medium of English literature in France. His translation of Blake's Marriage of Heaven and Hell necessarity figures among literary tours de force and curiosities, and Oscar Wilde has found in him his most sensitive interpreter, one of the few who is not an Iscariot! For M. Grolleau belongs to that group of French erudites in English letters comprising M.Augustin Filon, M. Joseph Aynard, M. Théodore de Wyzewa, M. Edmond Pilon, M. Henry Davray, M. Jacques Copeau, andc, and among whom the recent death of M. Robert d'Humières has brought about a most regrettable fissure. M. Grolleau is not introduced here as the representative of any form of secessionistic departure, but as a poet of culture and spirituality. The immaterialism of his conceptions is such as often to escape the mental grasp of the reader, who is frequently called upon to strain the spheres in which his mind more usually evolves to reach within touch of the distant and unworldly domain of M. Grolleau's thought-vision. One often feels he leaves one far behind him. Like the late Charles Péguy and André Lafon. Charles Grolleau is a fervent Roman Catholic. As was the first of these he is a convert; unlike the second, rare poet though he was, he is also a mystic. André Lafon was a worshipper after the order of Francis Jammes. M. Grolleau's religion is more intellectual and transcends beyond the limited perpetual adoration of creation. His poems veil rather than define revelations of the most intimate character and of whose abstractions verbal expression can generally offer but the enigma, and seldom the key. Perceiving and creating—and are not perceptions and creations if not identical allied? —an independent sphere as this poet does he is, therefore, an independent in the most essential and elevated sense. By his side how small appear those who attain freedom merely through revolt instead of initiation and how these may envy him the unison he naturally achieves between forms so strict and inspirations so vast and intangible. To attempt to give it further, that is second-hand, precision might amount to the profanation by an indiscreet and irreverent trespasser of a secret chapel. Muriel Ciolkowska. FRENCH POEMS The following poems have been taken by permission of the author from L'Encens et la Myrrhe, by Charles Grolleau (E. Lethielleux, Paris, 1909): SILENCE Pour me donner à Vous quels mots sauraient Vous plaire? Ils se dérobent tous ou demeurent obscurs, Timides et transis, hélas! encore impurs D'avoir frôlé jadis les baisers de la terre. Nul ne pourrait enclore ainsi qu'un reliquaire Mon amour, ô Seigneur! si fragile pourtant, Et j'ai vu le plus doux même et le plus chantant, Le plus profond mourir devant votre Mystère. C'est pourquoi me voici, très pauvre, devant Vous, Balbutiant encore et cependant jaloux, 0 Verbe! d'être un peu l'humble écho de Vous-même. . . Et je sens dans mon cœur monter comme la mer, Plus tendre et plus puissant que les mots de la Chair, Un silence divin qui prie et qui Vous aime. QUIÉTUDE O courts moments d'oubli, légères matinées! On descend au jardin où des roses sont nées, Rire de l'aube après l'angoisse de la nuit. Il semble, tant est vague et pénétrant le bruit De ce chaste réveil du monde qu'on dérange La besogne invisible et féerique d'un Ange Dont la main de lumière ouvrait câlinement Les feuilles et les fleurs, et l'on va, lentement, Timide, heureux, naïf, l'âme presque pareille A ce jardin paisible et doux qui se réveille. La brume plane encore et cache l'horizon. C'est l'heure exquise où, l'aile ouverte, l'oraison Cherche, abeille du Ciel, quelle fleur de mystère S'ouvre pour son désir au mystique parterre. C'est l'enfance du jour, et sa neuve beauté S'offre, vivant miroir, à son Dieu reflété: Et, calme, et s'embaumant de tout ce qu'elle admire, La prière sur notre bouche est un sourire. O minutes d'amour, pourquoi vous envoler? Hélas! quand ils sont purs, nos rêves sont ailés, Nous voyons leur reflet dans une ombre incertaine, Mais leur troupe joyeuse est déjà très lointaine Quand nous tendons les mains pour les garder un peu . . . Et leur geste d'accueil est un geste d'adieu. Charles Grolleau. TRANSLATIONS OF RUSSIAN FICTION By M. Montagu-Nathan II ERE the first instalment of this article (voicing a complaint that ante-War translations of Russian classics had been grievously neglected) was in print, there appeared, in a weekly Review, two letters whose substance constitutes a timely endorsement of the said jeremiad. Both were from publishers, and both concerned Goncharof. The first publisher (bless him! ) protested that Goncharof's work is not, as had been held, entirely unknown in England, and expressed a pained surprise that the introduction of this author some twenty-one years ago, to English readers, by Mrs. Garnett, Mr. Gosse and himself,* should have done so little to popularise the work of the great Russian. The second correspondent announced a translation of " Oblomof," but ignored (either in the English or French sense of that word) the existence of any other translation of this author. Meanwhile, there has been a demonstration of the difficulty of eliciting information as to what translations do exist. The writer of this article learns from the pages of another Review that the " Memoirs of a Physician " by Vikenty Smielovich (Veressayef), a work that should appeal to respecters of Stockmann and admirers of " Limey " Schutzmacher, is, or has been obtainable in English, and is able to return the compliment by correcting the impression that Lyeskof is " entirely un-translated " (three of his tales, including the famous " Sealed Angel," having been done by Beatrix L. Tollemache), and by recalling that Mrs. Voynich long enough ago laid the monoglot under an obligation to her with three stories by Saltikof, one of them, the appendix to his " Pompadours and Pompadouresses." There is little need, however, for commentators to exhume these pioneer efforts. The publishers are rapidly resurrecting them and re-issuing them as novelties, endeavouring on occasion to justify the term by means of a parvenu preface. There is, on the other hand, a need for counsel as to the future. In undertaking a generous issue of contemporary Russian literature in an English dress, the publishers are assuming a rôle which involves certain responsibilities. It would be the easiest thing in the world to create a very unfavourable impression of the Russian Intellectual. If, therefore, the publishers are inclinéd to avoid the labour of ascertaining for themselves what is and what is not the sort of literature calculated to improve the present slender intellectual reciprocity between Briton and Slav, let them merely peruse the list of German translations, published with a view to satisfying that section of young Prussia which may be conveniently classed as the " Keen-on-Wedekind " set. One understands that the Russian vogue for the worst kind of decadent fiction has passed away, that the pornographic orgy which succeeded the twentieth-century Time of Troubles is but an unpleasant memory. One concludes at any rate, that the approaching Hun, prophetically invoked by Valéry Briussof, will wage destruction, for once in a way, where destruction would really be a boon. Far from triumphant, Ham will soon be vanquished. To a wise publisher, solicitous for the progress of Anglo-Russian relations, a word should suffice. If only the Sanin of Turgenef had remained the sole representative of that particular ilk! Let the publisher exercise discretion in his selection from Kuprin; let him remember that Sayitsef should be accorded a preference over Kamensky, who requires cautious handling, and let him allow the vernaculous Kouzmin to languish, taboo. There is scope enough in the field of the classics to keep translators busy for a generation. Considering the * A Common Story. London: William Heinemann. attention that has been given to Dostoievsky and Turgenef, not to mention Tolstoi, the comparative neglect of Gogol amounts to a phenomenon. Like Griboiedof, his precursor, whose immortal comedy The Misfortune of being too Clever " was issued last year by Mr. Nutt, he is represented in translation by his dramatic masterpiece, " The Inspector-General." But why has the British translator held aloof from the " Evenings on a Farm near Dikanka," and why have we been made to wait so long for " Mirgorod? " The Londoner, instead of puzzling out the plot of Rimsky-Korsakof s " A Night in May," might, in happier circumstances, have been so familiar with Gogol's story that the " cuts," administered by our operatic caterers to every work, long or short, would have exasperated, but would have failed to mystify him. The concert-goer is pleased with Moussorgsky's very popular " Gopak," but he ought to have been in a position to hail it as a welcome splash of local colour, the one thing lacking in Roudy Panko's vivid description of a summer's day in Little Russia. Why were the "Arabesques" passed over, and that incomparable item of nasal lore, " the Wandering Nose? " A public worthy of a translation of Maupassant's " Necklace " might surely have been given " The Great-Coat " of Gogol! Again, there is Ostrovsky. In the Edinburgh Review of July 1868, " The Storm " is mentioned as the most powerful of all his plays. It has been translated by the untiring Mrs. Garnett, but in a prefatorial note Mr. Gosse fears that " the people who like ' farcical comedy ' and social melodrama, and ' musical sketches ' will find ' The Storm ' deep, forbidding, and gloomy." Has " The Storm " ever been staged in London? Seemingly, the managers were frightened by Mr. Gosse's forebodings. Why, oh why, Mr. Gosse, did you not say that " The Storm " is the Epic of the Mother-in-law? The prototype of the young person in " Press-Cuttings," who approached a Poet-Laureate—defenceless at a garden-party—with the invitation, " Write me a sketch, old dear," might then have persuaded her entourage that Ostrovsky, like Shakespeare, deserved to be encouraged. But the author, whose studies of Moscow merchant society might have been expected to appeal to a nation of shop-keepers, remains unknown, and, with this one exception, untranslated. That there should exist a quite ample supply of translations of such fiction as that of Dmitri Merejkovsky is in the circumstances rather puzzling. Mr. Baring's description of this versatile and erudite litterateur as the equivalent of our Pater, warrants our regarding this row of volumes as indeed a windfall. By virtue of these, Messrs. Constable have earned a place in the front rank of pioneer publishers, and, into the bargain, a medal for valour. Aided by Mr Herbert Trench, they have given us the great Trilogy " The Fore-runner," " The Death of the Gods," and " Peter and Alexis." To the same firm we owe " Tolstoi as Man and Artist," and the comparative study of this author and that of " Crime and Punishment." The essay on " The Decadence of Modern Literature," and those on Pushkin, Gogol and Korolenko would be of greater service just now, one thinks, than the fourth volume of what one may call Merejkovsky's " Emperor and Galilean Series," namely, " Alexander I." In the promised " Russian Library," under the editorship of Mr. Graham, we shall hope to see Epicureanism deferred for a time, and pessimism, too. " Le Russe," says a biographer, " n'as pas de plus vif plaisir que de se moquer de lut-même." We have heard far too little of this Russian Laugh. The translators have shown us only his tears. Peasant Pottery Shop 41 Devonshire Street, Theobalds Road, W.C. (Close to Southampton Row) Interesting British and Continental: Peasant Pottery on sale: Brightly coloured plaited felt Rugs POEMS AND FRAGMENTS OF SAPPHO Translated by Edward Storer Sappho was born in the island of Lesbos about 612 b.c. Her name in her own language is " Psappha." She was a contemporary of Alkaios and Stesichoros. At some period of her life she was exiled from Lesbos. An inscription in the Parian Chronicle says: " When Aristokles reigned over the Athenians Sappho fled from Mitylene and sailed to Sicily." But it is through her own poems that we see most clearly into the beauty and tragedy of her life. She is there revealed to us as a woman of ardent nature, noble, delicate-minded, and fond of pleasure. That her poems were chiefly love-poems, and love-poems written to women, is clear even from the mutilated fragments which remain. Any other explanation destroys at once their art and their reality. Yet sedulous hypocrites are to be found to-day who will wilfully mistranslate and misconstrue in order to envelope the manners of antiquity in a retrospective and most absurd respectability. The grammarians of the old world say there were nine books of Sappho's poems. In addition to the fragments given here there are extant about another hundred very short fragments, sometimes of one or two words only and the " Song of the Nereids." The bibliography of the subject is vast. In English Dr. Wharton's Sappho is the best modern work. There are also excellent modern versions and exegeses in French, German, and Italian. LOVE POEMS AND FRAGMENTS I The Ode to Aphrodite RICHLY-THRONED goddess, O deathless Aphrodite, Daughter of Zeus, subtle and sacred one, Bear not my spirit down with too much suffering, But rather come to me as sometimes you have come, When my far prayer has reached your divine presence, And you have left for me your father's golden house, Drawn in your chariot shimmering like the dawn; Your fair fleet sparrows to herald you, whose wings, Luminous still with the glory of heaven, have flashed Radiance over earth. Then you have asked me, How fared my eager heart and all its strong hopes: " What would you do with love or have love do with you? Sappho, who treats you cruelly? She who avoids you Soon with desire shall burn, your gifts requiting Many times, yours to be whether she will or not." Goddess, come once again, free me from longing. Crown me with victory. O be my own ally. II To Atthis Atthis has not come back to me: truly I long to die. Many tears she wept at our parting, saying: " Sappho, how sad is our fate. I leave you unwillingly." To her I answered: " Go on your way happily and Do not forget me, for you know how I love you. But if you should forget, then I will remind you How fair and good were the things we shared together, How by my side you wove many garlands of violets and Sweet-smelling roses, and made of all kinds of flowers Delicate necklaces, how many a flask of the finest myrrh Such as a king might use you poured on your body, How then reclining you sipped the sweet drinks of your choice." III Atthis at Sardis Atthis, whom we both love, Mnasidika, dwells Far away in Sardis, but she often turns Hither her thoughts to us and to that beautiful life We lived together when she looked on you As on some far-famed goddess and Delighted in your songs especially But now among the Lydian women she Shines as sometimes the rosy-fingered moon Shines after dark above the stars and pours Over salt sea and myriad-flowered earth her light, While the fair dew is shed upon the roses and Delicate anthrisks and the blossoming melilote. How many restless thoughts recall to me The sterile Atthis and I long for the slender one. Sadness devours my soul. From far there comes to us The sound of her sharp cry, and it is not Unheard, for night the many-eared carries it To us across the sea that flows between. IV The moon has set and the Pleiades Have gone. It is midnight; the hours pass; and I Sleep alone. V The Cups of Gold Come, O Kyprian goddess, come with Delicate rare fingers, mix the Radiant nectar in the cups of Gold. VI To Anactoria (According to tradition) He seems like a god to me the man who is near you, Listening to your sweet voice and exquisite laughter That makes my heart so wildly beat in my breast. If I but see you for a moment, then all my words Leave me, my tongue is broken and a sudden fire Creeps through my blood. No longer can I see. My ears are full of noise. In all my body I Shudder and sweat. I am pale as the sun-scorched Grass. In my fury I seem like a dead woman, But I would dare . . . VII The Marsh Lily " Sappho, if you are content to remain there no more will I Love you. O rise and shine out upon us. Set free Your glorious strength from your bed, and then, casting off Your Chian robe, wash yourself like the marsh lily by The bank of the river. And Kleis will hand to you From your press a saffron robe and a peplum of purple." VIII So you hate me now, Atthis, and Turn towards Andromeda. IX I know that never again will Look upon the sunlight So wise a maid as you. X Who is this country girl with Clumsy ankles and rough dresses that Draws you towards her? XI Never was prouder Maid than Erinna. XII Love shakes my soul. So do the oak-trees on the mountain Shake in the wind. XIII Unless it be you love Another than me. XIV O my youth, my youth, who has you now? I shall never know you again. XV In Sicily (?) I loved you once, Atthis, long ago. XVI Two Friends Lato and Niobe were the tenderest friends. XVII Counsel If you would stay with us, then choose a younger love. A youth like yours is not for the old. XVIII Sleep in the bosom of Your tender friend. XIX I am full of longing and desire. OTHER POEMS AND FRAGMENTS I Inscription Here is the dust of Timias, who never saw Her wedding morning. Unto Persephone's Dim couch was Timias borne. All her companions Cut with new-sharpened knives Their hair for Timias' sake. II By the Seashore By Pelagon's tomb Meniskos, his father, laid His oars and net to show us how he died. III Death is evil because If it were good, the gods Also would die. IV Purple Earth As the shepherd's naked feet trample the hyacinths Upon the mountain-side until they stain the earth. V Sleep Through apple boughs the sighing winds go softly and From the tremulous leaves sleep seems to drip. VI Sweeter than the paktis, more Golden than gold. VII The Kretan Dancers The Kretan women dancing with delicate feet before The altar scatter the exquisite bloom of the grass. VIII He who is beautiful is good and soon He who is good will be beautiful. IX Kleis I have a lovely child, like a flower of gold, Kleis, Whom I would not sell for the wealth of all Lydia. X As the apple ripening on the bough, the furthermost Bough of all the tree, is never noticed by the gatherers, Or, being out of reach, is never plucked at all. XI The Stars of Night The stars of night gathered round the moon will veil their bright Faces when she grows full and lights everything with silver. XII The Adonia O Kytherea, delicate Adonis dies. O what to do now that Adonis dies. Beat your breasts, you maids, And rend your garments. XIII The Vision of Hermes . . . said Gongyla: "What will you tell your slaves?" "Foremost," I answered, " That Hermes appeared to me. Looking upon him, ' Master,' I said, ' I am broken and by the Goddess no longer take any delight in My riches. I long to die. Gladly I'd take my place In the far dewy field where once long ago you Brought Agamemnon, the son of Atreus.' "... XIV Night Night, you who gather in your lovely lap The things the shining dawn flung far and wide, The ewe-lamb you bring back, the straying goat, The child you lead unto its mother's side. XV Leda They say that long ago Leda Found near the irises A hidden egg. XVI Invocation Divine shell, Your song. XVII To a Poetess O Dika, dress your soft hair and weave garlands of fennel for your throat. For the Muses love her who gives grace to her beauty, and turn from the careless maid. XVIII The Nightingale Spring's messenger, the sweet-voiced nightingale. XIX Hesperus Fairest of all the stars. XX A River Gold pulse flowering on the banks. XXI Repose I lay my limbs upon a delicate couch. XXII I am well dowered by the violet-weaving Muses. CUBIMPRESSIONISM AND AFTER By Huntly Carter THE subject of Mr. A. J. Eddy's book, " Cubists and Post-Impressionism " (Grant Richards, 20s.), is so full of matter that I find a column short enough for the barest examination of the facts. The general theme is, all significant painters are impressionists and some are cubimpressionists. The title suggests an ordered development of the theories and practices of cubists and post-impressionists. This we do not get. What we get is a very large number of extracts with comments thereon. The author refers, somewhere, to his book as "an offhand comment upon what is now going on in the world of art." The extracts are mostly taken from the verbal and written utterances of leading extremists in painting. They are classified into Pre- and Post-Impressionist, Fauvre, Cubist, Futurist, and other groups, for the purpose. Such painters, it seems, have the bad habit of chattering about definitions and theories. They ignore the fact that these things are all very well in their place, but attempts by painters to make a verbal living and reputation out of them are wildly ridiculous. Especially when the painted theories of a certain school do not agree with the written ones. We know, as Mr. Eddy reminds us, that the Italian Futurist painters believe that all the realistic details within a given area should be crammed into a picture, while the Futurist poet believes in the use of the fewest and most indispensable words run on the famous non-stop system. Under the circumstances painters should be seen not heard. To the critic the kind of partnership embodied in Mr. Eddy's book is like enough to afford irritation. He is compelled to disentangle the author's definitions and theories from the painter's, and he is never sure that he is making a precise and correct division. Furthermore, he is compelled to meet the real difficulty residing in Mr. Eddy's statement that: Every department of human activity . . . speedily develops its own jargon and the tendency is for the jargon to become denser and denser and so more and more obscure its subject. As anyone may see for himself in the following explanation of Duchamp's " Nude Descending the Stairs," quoted by Mr. Eddy. " If you paint a girl coming downstairs, on any one step you will not show her moving. If you paint a girl on every step, like Burne-Jones with the ' Golden Stair,' you have a crowd and still no movement. But if you get the forms down to simplest and most essential, just swaying shoulders and hip and knee, bent head and springy sole—and then show them on every step and between all the steps, passing and always passing one into the next, you give the sense of movement." Which is one way of making a mouthful of the trifle (verbally speaking) that the painter is seeking to make an abstraction of the individualising features of a movement experienced by him in a moment of time. In this trifle resides the only possible theory and practice of art. The painter has experienced an art-movement, he has assimilated what he was able according to his motional capacity, and in turn provided that which others might assimilate according to their motional capacity. Or, the theory and practice may be put in the words of the Russian painter whom Mr. Eddy quotes as saying that he likes " Kandinsky's Improvisations," because in them the painter " has succeeded in conveying to me his own emotions." One can believe it on turning to the charming examples of Kandinsky's colour and design included with the twenty-three admirable colour reproductions in this book. Again, the theory and practice have been visited by the Italian Futurists. To them, " all that is within the vision, actual or imagined, of painter or sculptor, is a part of the picture or bust." Otherwise, a synthesis of many realistic details seen in an instant of time, is sought. Mr. Eddy comments on the various theories with perfect fairness, and naturally he gets in a word for his own definitions. " Art," says Mr. Eddy, " is delight in thought and symbol," and the proper method of art-production is " first to see, then to dream and then on the morrow to paint." He is describing Miller's method and adds, "this is the method of all the very great art the world has ever known." If so, then there has not been much " great art " about since Cézanne spent laborious years digging cube roots, " spheres and cones and cylinders " out of nature instead of flashing revelations out of himself. And one may reasonably assume that Van Gogh's attempt to melt a world of solids like wax in the fire of his intensity was a humbugging affair. Mr. Eddy falls a victim by the wayside of classification. Picasso is not a cubist, but an essentialist. Gleizes and Metzinger are not cubists, but fakers. Fergusson is not a fauvre, but a rhythmist. For the rest, Mr. Eddy's book is stimulating. It enables the reader to grasp some of the eternal qualities of art expressed by revolutionaries, Cubimpressionist and after. UNE FEMME EST UN ÉTAT DE NOTRE AME Peace WHAT is her life like? Christina's life, whom her aunts call Christa, and who has eyes like the crucified? What is her life like? Tell me! First, she wakes up, pushes back her light brown hair, goes to the washstand which smells of scented soap and tooth-paste, dips her charming face into the tepid water, soaps herself, washes the soap off and dries herself. And so on. Then breakfast. A trifle weary, she sits there resting from her rest. Forever the same cups, the same embroidered cloth, the same smell of tea. A comfortable well-ordered, smoothly running mechanism, this morning life. Then she goes here and there, takes a clean handkerchief, looks at it, to see that it has no holes, takes her little gold watch up carefully, opens and shuts boxes, thinking, " What beautiful things I have "... tidies a few things, puts them together or spreads them out. She carries her beloved flower-pots outside, herself, treating them as though they were little children, handling them gently, with loving care, and cutting off a faded leaf—no not quite faded, but still a trifle dried up—it will no longer be able to suck up water, and yet, it takes some away from the others. She then blows into the dough which has been left to rise and looks at it. All in order she thinks. So the morning goes by. Doors are perpetually opening and shutting and everything looks as though it never would be straight. But all at once, everything is bright and clean and you would never know that there had been a long stuffy night. The flower-pots are again standing in front of the plate-glass window and look as though there had been a warm summer shower. Everything breathes out freshness and health. This mood has been going on for thousands of days. Always this healthy, fresh orderliness. What time is it? How will the time pass till midday? It does pass. Then you sit in your place and take the cool table-napkin. Lovingly the father looks at his little daughter. It is like a rest to his eyes, from a life which weighs on him. This has gone on for thousands of days. It is like the watering of the flowers and the sunlight in the room which has been put in order. If it were not so Christine-? But it is! it is! And as certain as the night that follows day. There is a little talk—there is silence. What news is there? Somebody has been here, and she has been to see some one else. Always the same smell in the dining-room after meals. The father drinks his coffee and you can see that he is very fond of his little daughter. But how does he look at her? Does he yearn after her? Is she like Schubert's songs to him? Does he become a different being and feel himself happy? Is there perchance a sound of thanksgiving in his heart? By no means. His attitude is like this: " May you only keep well and happy and things go on like this in peace." No awaken er, no solver of ridelles is he! He is dumb, weighty life itself. It goes on. Does not stop to reflect. It goes on. Afternoon. The afternoon passes. The flowers bloom white and green in the window. A carriage goes by and thunders in the distance. You read a book. Like stars are the works of the poets. So infinitely far from us. And yet they sparkle. Your mother calls—your sisters- A brother comes in like a storm and hurries out into the unknown life that men lead, leaving behind him in the smoke of his cigarette, something of the freedom and lightness of his existence. Life spins itself away. You let it spin. And loving hearts around you see to the necessities of life. Evening. Light the lamps. When evening comes, And quiet the world and quiet the heart And from the clock upon the wall You hear the pendulum's loud swing That in the daytime made no sound— When once again the sun peeps out His gold light through the window sends. Before sleep comes again at night Once more do all things live and laugh. Therein lies peace for a man's heart. When evening comes." So sing the poets, who are so infinitely far from us— like the stars. Supper. There is talk—then silence. What news is there? " Aunt Mary has been here. She thinks Christa is looking fairly well. In the summer, she advises us-" ' ' They say Goluchowsky the Minister was at the theatre yesterday. Did you see him? " " No—what a pity. It would have interested me. Especially as it was a dull audience." " What is Goluchowsky Minister of? " " Foreign Affairs. You ought to have known that. What are you thinking about? Novels? " " The way Christa goes on with those flowers of hers! You ought to marry a gardener, Christa. Flowers at Christmas, flowers on your birthday. And all white. Coloured ones are much more beautiful. I grant you that in the air of a room--" " What do you mean by the air of a room? " " Why? What do I mean? Besides aunt Mary said that of all the " idées fixes " of the mind, looking after flowers was the most practicable. How strangely she expresses herself at times! " " Good-night, father." " Sleep well, my child." And again she goes to the washstand which smells of soap and tooth-paste. Into the cool bed with its warm coverings. Turn out the lights! The machinery of the day is at an end. His First Visit He walked slowly up and down in the little drawing-room with the green plants and the silk cushions. When Christa came in, he was quite calm, even nonchalant. As though he were in possession of a quite short but quite certain happiness. " You are there—you—you—you. . . .! " is the greeting of his heart. But now it is a question of saying something, Monsieur, of making a little conversation. How far should we get with the language of the heart? He had thought it out—a whole scene, like a dramatist: " I sit in a low armchair. She leans for a little against the window, trips up and down, and I impress on my brain each of her charming gentle movements. Then I say, ' This has been the most beautiful hour of my life.' She doesn't understand this at all. ' It has been very pleasant,' thinks she. So I picture the visit to myself, quite simply. What should hinder it from being carried out like this? " The imaginary story was enacted. Of course, like all stories, with little shades and variations. Christa was wearing a brooch representing a girl under a laurel tree, a bas-relief, modelled in dull grey silver. " It is like one of Oscar Rothy's, of Paris," said the man. "I am very fond of it. Why I don't know. " What kind of tree is that? " "A laurel tree. That combination of the tree of fame with the gentle soul of a woman. ..." This delicate little work of art gave him the impetus to raise himself by the strong beat of his wings, into the realm of beauty. Christa spread out her fine delicate wings and flew with him at a respectful distance. She became quite rosy with flying. " Where is he carrying me off to. . . .? " thought she. Suddenly he let himself down and looked into her sweet eyes. She closed her delicate wings together and came down again to earth, saying, " But now you must go." " It has been the most beautiful hour of my life," said he as in the story. " It has been very pleasant," thinks she, " like a little journey into the studio of Oscar Rothy in Paris. I wonder if the brooch is really by him? " The young man slowly leaves the little drawing-room with the green plants and the silk cushions. " My brooch is a little work of art," says Christa in the evening, at supper. " You see it is by Rothy of Paris," says her father. " Oh-" says the girl and feels quite embarrassed. As though he were standing in that quiet house and announcing " Like one of Rothy's of Paris! " His Poem (after an illness of Christa's). THE CONVALESCENT Poor child, how much she has suffered. Fain would she live and kuows not how, And so she goes on living away Quiet and healthy, serene and gay. In her eyes there lurks a shadow of pain. Like the half-dried tear of a child: She smiles like one who recovers, now And fain would like, but she knows not bow. Une Femme est un état de notre âme What is her life like? Christine's life, whom her aunts call Christa? What is her life like? Tell me. He is the poet of her silent life. She is what there is in him. How Nature goes on living day by day, till there comes one and says: " This is what you are! " What is the apple-tree which turns pink in the spring, if no poet sings: " There stands a little apple-tree in blossom." What is it after all? How should it not blossom when the spring-time is there? There it stands, brown and pink and goes on blossoming. What is it without its singer? What is its singer without it? It gives its bloom. And the poet gives in sweet sound, his sensation of this dumb blossoming. In like manner, the woman gives her dumb being. And he gives her in sweet sound, the sensation of her dumbness. Oh! poor and speechless woman. What art thou? Thou in his glance alone thy life shalt see. Thou art that thing he sings of thee. Should be not sing, then could'st thou never be! " Good-night, father." " Sleep well my child! " Then she stands in front of the broad marble wash-stand, which smells of soap and tooth-paste. Out of her fair brown hair she makes a little coil. And quick—into the cool bed with its warm coverings. Turn out the lights! The machinery of the day is at an end. Peter Altenberg. Translated by E. H. W. THE GHOSTS OF AN OLD HOUSE By John Gould Fletcher (Continued) old nursery, now my bedroom IN the tired face of the mirror There is a blue curtain reflected. If I could lift the reflection, Peer a little beyond, I would see A boy crying Because his sister is ill in another room And he has no one to play with: A boy listlessly scattering building blocks, And crying, Because no one will build for him the palace of Fairy Morgana. I cannot lift the curtain: It is stiff and frozen. attic Dust hangs clogged so thick The air has a dusty taste: Spider threads cling to my face, From the broad pine-beams. There is nothing living here, The house below might be quite empty, No sound comes from it. The old broken trunks and boxes, Cracked and dusty pictures, Legless chairs and shattered tables, Seem to be crying Softly in the stillness Because no one has brushed them. No one has any use for them, now, Yet I often wonder If these things are really dead: If the old trunks never open Letting out grey flapping things at twilight? If it is all as safe and dull As it seems? Why then is the stair so steep, Why is the doorway always locked, Why does nobody ever come? the calendar in the attic I wonder how long it has been Since this old calendar hung here, With my birthday date upon it, Nothing else—not a word of writing— Not a mark of any hand. Perhaps it was my father Who left it thus " For me to see. Perhaps my mother Smiled as she saw it: But in later years did "not smile. If I could tear it down From the wall Somehow I would be content. But I am afraid, as a little child, to touch it. the hoopskirt In the night when all are sleeping, Up here a tiny old dame comes tripping, Looking for her lost hoopskirt. My great-grand-aunt—I never saw her— Her ghost doesn't know me from another, She stalks up the attic stairs angrily. The dust sets her sneezing and coughing, By the trunk she is limping and hopping, But alas—the trunk is locked. What' s an old dame to do anyway, Must stay in a mouldy grave day by day, Or go to heaven out of style. In the night when all are snoring, The old lady makes a dreadful clatter, Going down the attic stairs. What was that? A ghost or a burglar? Oh, it was only the wind in the chimney, Yes, and the attic door that slammed. the yardstick Yardstick that measured out so many miles of cloth. Yardstick that covered me, I wonder do you hop of nights Out to the still hill-cemetery, And up and down go measuring A clayey grave for me? the little chair I know not why, when I saw the little chair, I suddenly desired to sit in it. I know not why, when I sat in the little chair, Everything changed, and life came back to me. I am convinced no one at all has grown up in the house, The break that I dreamed, itself was a dream and is broken. I will sit in the little chair and wait, Till the others come looking after me. And if it is after nightfall they will come, So much the better. For the little chair holds me as tightly as death; And rocking in it, I can hear it whisper strange things. in the dark corner I brush the dust from this old portrait: Yes, it is the same face, exactly, Why does it look at me still with such a look of hate? I brush the dust from a heap of magazines; Here there is all what you have written, All that you struggled long years and went down to darkness for. Oh God, to think what I am writing Will be ever as this! Oh God, to think that my own face May some day glare from this dust! the three oaks There are three ancient oaks, That grow near to each other. They lift their branches High, as beckoning, With outstretched arms, For some one to come and stand Under the canopy of their leaves. Once long ago I remember As I lay in the very centre, Between them: A rotten branch suddenly fell Near to me. I will not go back to those oaks: Their branches are too black for my liking. an oak Hoar mistletoe Hangs in clumps To the twisted boughs Of this lonely tree. Beneath its roots I often thought treasure was buried: For the roots had enclosed a circle. But when I dug beneath them, I could only find great black ants That attacked my hands. When at night I have the nightmare, I always see the eyes of ants Swarming from a mouldering box of gold. another oak Poison ivy crawls at its root, I dare not approach it, It has an air of hate. One would say a man had been hanged to its branches, It holds them in such a way. The moon gets tangled in it, A distant steeple seems to bark From its belfry to the sky. Something that no one ever loved, Is buried here: Some grey shape of deadly hate, Crawls on the back fence just beyond. Now I remember—once I went Out by the night too near this oak, And a red cat suddenly leapt From the dark and clawed my face. (To be continued) TWO POEMS TO A STEAM ROLLER The illustration Is nothing to you without the application. You lack half wit. You crush all the particles down Into close conformity, and then walk back and forth on them. Sparkling chips of rock Are crushed down to the level of the parent block. Were not " impersonal judgment in aesthetic Matters, a metaphysical impossibility," you Might fairly achieve It. As for butterflies, I can hardly conceive Of one's attending upon you, but to question The congruence of the complement is vain, if it exists. DILIGENCE IS TO MAGIC AS PROGRESS IS TO FLIGHT With an elephant to ride upon—" with rings on her fingers and bells on her toes," She shall outdistance calamity anywhere she goes. Speed is not in her mind inseparable from carpets. Locomotion arose In the shape of an elephant, she clambered up and chose To travel laboriously. So far as magic carpets are concerned, she knows That although the semblance of speed may attach to scarecrows Of aesthetic procedure, the substance of it is embodied in such of those Tough-grained animals as have outstripped man's whim to suppose Them ephemera, and have earned that fruit of their ability to endure blows, Which dubs them prosaic necessities—not curios. Marianne Moore. Richard Aldington by Raoul Kristian "DER STURM " By Alec W. G. Randall THOSE who believe that Art, like Religion, should be international, will be glad to know that certain periodicals and certain groups of young artists in Germany and Austria have steadily refused to submerge themselves in the welter of chauvinism which seems to have covered the Central Empires —and not those alone. The older generation of writers and artists seems at least to have acquiesced in a large measure; Richard Dehmel is apparently writing one war poem per day; Richard Strauss intends out-Wagnering Wagner in a grand new Kaiser-marseh. But even among the established writers, the classics, so to speak, there are remarkable exceptions; Arthur Schnitzler has appealed to reason against Lissauer's Hymn of Hate, and Stefan Georg's periodical, Blatter für die Kunst has resolved on a noble indifference to the European madness. Other periodicals adopting this policy are Die Weissen Blätter and Der Sturm. The first is a paper run by young artists and poets; the second is more distinctively an advanced art periodical, though its literary contents are by no means insignificant. Most people are familiar with its Cubist or Futurist front page. It corresponds, I suppose, to the Egoist in London and Les Soirées de Paris in Paris. Artists like Kandinsky and Severini have contributed to it; Guillaume Apollinaire has written criticism for it; René Schickele, one of the best known of the younger poets of Germany, has published several poems in Der Sturm. Here is one of them—a little model of simplicity and for that reason hard to render. PRAISE OF MY LOVER (Lobspeuch) How shall I know Whether it is you I love most? And yet I am sure It is you Who gives me most joy. Gladness comes From pure strength; It is kindled in my very blood. Then what maturity you have— Your skin, your hair. The very sound of your step. The next poem is from a less-known poet, Paul Bommersheim: POEM The fog draws closer and closer, Its walls grow and overshadow the world, Heavily. And the armies of it creep up nearer and nearer, The last grey branches fall and disappear; The world sinks slowly away from us, Leaf . . . by . . . leaf. And now we are alone—in solitary space. This is the hour of the great discovery. We come closer and closer together, And we hold one another by fiery hands, Glowing like stars. LAURENT TAILHADE By Richard Aldington THERE are reasons for presuming that the poetry of M. Laurent Tailhade will not be widely read, in England; he is a satirist; his work is not vast in bulk; and his French is not easy. The English nation is too gentlemanly to admire satire; it is also too prosperous. Punch entirely reflects the national taste in this respect, and we are all unwilling to welcome anything more bitter, more disdainful, or more obscene. The three qualities of bitterness, disdain and obscenity are essential to satiric writing— bitterness, which is a hatred of stupidity; disdain, which denounces its hatreds; obscenity, which satire uses to vilify its victims, to revolt us from meanness. On the whole the English do not like such writing, and fail to observe its value. Schools may admit the works of Aristophanes and Juvenal—with omissions—scholars dig into Petronius and Filelfo, poets admire Rabelais, but the English suspicion of satire prevents its proper appreciation. We may commend the mild scoldings of Swift and Pope, but satire in its real sense is entirely left to the more emotionalized Latins. The power of M. Laurent Tailhade is his Latin quality. He may elect Aristophanes as his master—his great book is called " Poèmes Aristophanesques "—but his true kin is Catullus and Martial, the fierce Latin epigrammatists, whose works lack neither bitterness, disdain, nor obscenity. Rabelais is the true follower of Aristophanes. Aristophanes is diffuse, turgid, Cyclopean; and so is Rabelais. Catullus and Martial are concentrated, clear, orderly; and so is M. Laurent Tailhade. He delights in formal accented verse, in artificial metrical constructions, like the ballade and the sonnet. His language, like that of Villon, is allusive and topical, but is used with Villon's sparseness and clarity. Perhaps Villon and Verlaine of all French writers have influenced him most. For them there was no playing with hatreds or loves; they are not of those " who were neither rebels nor yet of God's side, but for themselves alone "; they saw things clearly and made their choice—erroneously perhaps—but made it, and M. Tailhade is with them in this. He knows his likes and his dislikes perfectly well; he is not in the least afraid to voice his hatreds, and his speech is violent and direct. He calls a fool a fool, and if metrical exigencies permit he adds an opprobrious adjective. This forbidding prelude is intended as some sort of a preparation for the " Poèmes Aristophanesques," and not as a warning against them. It also means that I regard M. Tailhade's " Poèmes Aristophanesques " as by far the most valuable part of his work. The " Poèmes Elegiques," beautiful as some of them are, I omit as not of vital interest to English readers. The latter poems are valuable to those deeply interested in the Symboliste movement; but it was the " Poèmes Aristophanesques "—and especially that section entitled " Au Pays du Mufle "—which inspired a great living Frenchman to write that M. Tailhade is one of the truest glories of contemporary French literature. Naturally it is not easy to present such an author adequately and agreeably, the more so since the difficulty of the French necessitates, a close study on the part of the foreigner. The " Poèmes Aristophanesques " are divided into several sections, with characteristic titles, like " In the Land of the Mugs (Mufle)," " Eighteen Familiar Ballades to Exasperate the Mugs," " Certain Variations to Displease Divers Folk." "Le Mufle," "the Mugs," the bourgeois, are M. Tailhade's chief butt, though he uses literary and political satire with the same freedom. In his " Ballade Prémonitoire," set at the head of his book, he invokes his quatorzaines and his ballade, saying, Vous effarez le Mufle ivre de cant; Ce que j'écris n'est pas pour ces charognes. The English slang word " cant " will explain best to English readers the nature of the qualities which most arouse M. Tailhade's wrath. Laurent Tailhade by Raoul Kristian Nearly every one of the poems in " Au Pays du Mufle "is a chef-d'œuvre of irony and scorn, sometimes frivolous, sometimes merety contemptuous, but always effective. Take the first: Si tu veux, prenons un fiacre Vert comme un chant de hautbois. Nous ferons le simulacre Des gens urf (" bloods ") qui vont au Bois. Les taillis sont pleins de sources Fraîches sous les parasols; Viens! nous risquerons aux courses Quelques pieces de cent sols (sous). Allons-nous-en! L'Ombre est douce, Le ciel est bleu; sur la mousse Polyte (the " johnnies ") mâche du veau. andc. Apart from the admirable fooling of the poem by itself, it is a most amusing parody of Victor Hugo's " Un peu de Musique ": Si tu veux, faisons un rêve. Montons sur deux palefrois; Tu m'emmènes, je t'enlève. L'oiseau chante dans les bois. andc. After Hugo's pompous romanticism this blague of Tailhade's is extraordinarily ludicrous. And even Gautier is not spared. We all can remember " Les Arthurs qui vont au bois " in the poem about the obelisk. " Si tu veux, prenons un fiacre "—I suppose this would be called a " quartier " song; at any rate, it has most of the impudence and gaiety which are considered the exclusive possession of the " students." You have seen M. Tailhade satirizing the gens urf by imitating them; in " Vendredi-Saint " we have an ironic picture of the stupid, and the hypocritical religious: Trop de merluche et des lentilles copieuses— Seule réfection tolérée aux croyants— Enjolivent de certains rots édifiants La constipation des personnes pieuses. And so on—the hooded nuns getting into the omnibuses, the mournful air of the shops, the fat curates and the nasty little boys going to Sunday School, and—last irony of all—before these people who do not detect its irony a man is putting up an enormous poster: Concert spirituel à Tivoli Vaux-Hall. Thousands of pleasant people in Paris have endured the horrors of " Vendredi-Saint," and probably thousands have rebelled, but M. Laurent Tailhade was needed to fix the mood for ever in fourteen contemptuous lines. A superficial glance at these poems may send a reader away faintly annoyed with their writer, but the closer one studies them the more apparent are M. Tailhade's satiric ability and Latin concentration of disdain, his fine injustice. " Pécuchet tient la mappemonde," says he somewhere, and privately determines that even if Pécuchet does keep the map of the world he shall be shown up as the ridiculous, canting, pretentious person that he is. This bourgeois age—how some of us writhe beneath its vulgarity, daily afflicted with its nauseous pretences, its " popular preachers," its " books for the billion," its degrading morale. We live in a time— perhaps not so much worse than other times, but with everything on so much larger a scale—when nothing is desired except the stupid sensualities, which masquerade as " improvements " or " comfort." And more than the age of Tiberius, more than that of Francois I, the age needs to be told impolitely and unpleasantly of its loathsome qualities. M. Tailhade has begun this task, which others must finish; he has mocked in fierce or obscene phrases the character of the omnipotent bourgeois; he has told him emphatically just how small an animal he is. And who will wonder that the omnipotent bourgeois does not praise the works of M. Tailhade, will not, probably, open to him the door above which is written, " Aux grands hommes la Patrie récon-naisante," and tosses him aside with a " what-a-wicked-man " sort of expression. M. Tailhade is not sectarian in his denunciations. In " Vendredi-Saint " he derides the cant of the church; in " Sur Champ d'Or " he is just as wroth—not wroth, infinitely amused—with the ridiculous atheism of the small shopkeeper and his class. Certes, Monsieur Benoist approuve les gens qui Ont lu Voltaire et sont aux Jésuites adverses. Il pense. Il est idoine (apt) aux longues controverses. Il déprise le moine et le thériaki. Même il fut orateur d'une Loge Ecossaise. Il pense; there is along journey among books to travel before finding another example of such swift irony. And the erudite Monsieur Benoist, who " thinks " so originally, actually permits—he is so broad-minded— his daughter to communicate! But then " sa legitime croit en Dieu," and there is wine at eighty centimes the litre to be drunk in commemoration of this august event. Or Benoist, qui s'émeche et tourne au calotin, Montre quelque plaisir d'avoir vu, ce matin, L*hymen du Fils Unique et de sa " demoiselle." This poem is quoted in " Le Livre des Masques," with the remark that it deserves to be learnt by heart; it has a deadly raillery for the uneducated " atheist " who has not the courage of his doubt when it comes to the test of traversing conventions. In every one of the poems in " Au Pays du Mufle " some sottise, some " cant " is pilloried, or some ignorant pretension exposed. Though the characters are essen- tially particular and metropolitan, the types to which they belong are as universal as the bourgeois " civilization " which touches every part of the world. M. Tailhade's political and literary satire is somewhat more special. The poems on L'Affaire Dreyfus are a little confusing to anyone but a Frenchman, but the section of the poems, called " A travers les Groins," contains some verses which are amusing enough, whether the literary allusions are taken or not. In " Candidats à l'Immortalité " he sneers at the whole crowd of false poets: Les symbolistes, les simplistes, les romans, Ceux qui riments à soixante ans leurs pucelages Et ceux dont les neurasthéniques mucilages Pour Monsieur de Vogué sont emplies d'agrément; Frémine plus hideux que les têtes de l'Hydre, Et Vicaire pochard comme une pomme à cidre. Et ceux qui font des vers pour les cafés de nuit: Tous veulent sur leur'front le diadème esthète. Ces palmes dont la fleur améthyste leur duit Et l'orgueil des festins \ douze francs par tête. M. Tailhade has a high ideal of literature; he does not seek the diadème esthete himself, and knows well how to appreciate at their worth those who cultivate the arts with no higher ambition than to act as hero in " banquets at twelve francs a head." In his writings he has no other motive than to present what he believes to be the truth; however harsh his satire is, it is always deserved. During the time that he was writing his skits on the literary men of his period, M. Tailhade fought a great many duels with people who were aggrieved by his poems. On April 4, 1894, he was badly injured by the explosion of a bomb in a restaurant where he was dining. Since then M. Tailhade has given up his personal satire and has taken to prose. " They are works of an admirable style, of a turned and mannered eloquence, unique products of eloquence. M. Tailhade there shows himself as in his first verses, an indefatigable orator." INCONSIDERABLE IMBECILITIES (From.one number of the Times Literary Supplement) THE Times Literary Supplement has become duller than ever; even the lush fatuity of sentimental pedantry has now subsided into degenerated dulness; but however curious, as it were, and, true, we give a few of these jewels " of purest ray serene," even though, as it were, we cannot explain their origin save haply on the hypothesis that we " 'spects they growed." You recognise the style? Then, here goes. " There are few thinking people but realise . . . great war . . . death-agony . . . old order . . . birth-travail. Amid the present darkness and confusion men peer . . . neglected records of the past ... if haply . . . this war of the nations . . . (Etc, for two and a half columns.) This is a remarkable book which all should read. . . . It is extremely difficult for a Russian to obtain a true notion of our passions. ... As yet, however, struggles the twelfth hour of the night.—Stephen Graham. One passage, at least, of which more anon . . . it is a classic study of the forces which we must either destroy or perish. . . . She gives us a book which bears on every page the stamp of literal truth. Where are these gorgeous daggers now? The morals and tempers of the Company's servants left something to be desired. . . . (This does not refer to the Amalgamated Press Co.) In the present crash of worlds . . . Sir James Wilson's friends in Strathearn have kept their old grammar unim pared. (Good news for the Allies.) . . . the river Earn runs out into the Firth of Tay. The heart of the peasant, above all the heart of the petite femme de province. . . . (Culture.) municipium . . . civitas . . . comitatus . . . conjuratio . . . contadi . . . privilégia . . . Grandi Vassalli. . . Populus. . . . (More culture.) Why, for instance, do we hear nothing . . . of the perilous journeys of their merchants to the Fairs of Champagne, nothing of the Caorsini senesi in England, nothing of the campsores domini papœ, and next to nothing of the Arti? (Still more culture.) We do not think we have ever read anything to equal it even in Italian. (Supremest culture. ) . . . the pre-eminently Parisian talent of M. Abel Hermant. ... in the masculine qualities lying at the root of both there is an affinity bstween literature and journalism. (Obviously—in (he Times. This provocative statement . . . But a poem carries transports. . . . (We commend this discovery toH.M. War Office.) Just as we were, to have left enough, and, curiously, to have discarded enough, is the proof of Mr. Faber's art. They surrender that indefinable thing, personality, that inexplicable thing, poetry. It is always tempting to confront the past with the present. . . . gathered them by force and cunning beneath his banner for bloody onslaught, and to glut the lust of gain. For Attila and Wilhelm, any pretext might serve for war . . . Aetius and Joffre alike for the moment were too subtle to guess the brute simplicity of the hostile design . . . . . . the Visigoths, even as the Americans of to-day . . . In the field of biography many notable memoirs . . . The religious aspect of the war . . . . . . the land of Holmes and Lowell and of Emerson himself. ... so rich and fruitful a mind as that of Mr. Glover . . . As a poet should, she reports visions. . . . But she is, perhaps, happiest when her thought is most clear cut, as in the fancy beginning Like a swallow seems my Love, Thus would I her semblance pruv. (This is but a meagre choice; many rare and fragrant fruits of style and thought remain to be culled from this, andc, andc, andc.) A LAYNTYVE BALLADE WHEN Sappho sang " In the Isles of Greece," When Ibycus founded a new free verse, And Pindarus spun his golden fleece Of words that were golden and keen and terse; What said the critics—race perverse— "These fellows have no more bones than a squid, The race of poets grows worse and worse: Why don't they write as Homer did? " Virgil snivelled of delicate bees— That was great, for it filled his purse— But the world grew sick with a strange disease Which the Christians claimed they were sent to disperse; They invented rhymes and rhythms diverse, In queer acrostics their God they hid: Quoth the critics: " Poetry's on its hearse, Why in hell don't they write as Virgil did? " The devil take 'em, gabbling geese, May he take 'em cunningly in reverse, Plague 'em with boils and bees and fleas, In a seething cauldron their heads immerse! Pot-bellied pedlars, hear them rehearse The old gibes, false as a Brummagum quid: "The Imagists' faults are like thorns on furze, Why, WHY don't they write as Tennyson did? " ENVOY Prince, in the nineteen ninety three When the young men pen a rebellious screed, Their critics will boom like the booming seas: "Now why don't they write as the Imagists did? " Richard Aldington TO ALEXANDER BERKMAN You are an anarchist, you say, You repudiate government. You repudiate man-made law. What is government? The will of the most powerful social ego To a desired end. What is man-made law? The means of this social ego To this desired end. What is anarchy? The will of a social ego To a desired end. Anarchy is government When such social ego Becomes the most powerful social ego And attains this end. Anarchy is government—man-made law, tyranny, While repudiating government, man-made law, tyranny. You are an anarchist, you say? Alice Groff CORRESPONDENCE " THE WILL TO WILL " To the Editor, The Egoist. Madam.—I cannot fail to be gratified that Miss Marsden in her editorial " The Gentle Art of Appreciation " brings her philosophy almost to the point of mine, as set forth most briefly in my letters to The Egoist—" An Epidemic of Law" (March 2, 1914), " Miss Marsden and Anarchism " (October 15, 1914), " The Egoist's Employment of Words" (February 1, 1915), and " Miss Marsden on the ' I ' " (March 1, 1915). Miss Marsden strips the philosophy of Nietzsche of its sophistry in showing that the " Will to Power " is simply the will toward any desired end, and that power is willed simply as a means of attaining such end. and is not necessarily an end in itself. In mv letter " An Epidemic of Law " I have shown that law is only such means (of power) toward any desired social end—that it is simply the instinctive expression of the will of a group towards such end, and that the social ego instinctively uses the same means to get power toward any desired end that the individual ego does, viz. flattery, love, charm, nagging, physical violence, and what not. I agree with Miss Marsden that the lures of the will " are Images which can magnetize the vital power first to attention, then to action "; but am annoyed at her ignorance as to the very essence of modern scientific psychology, manifested in her assertion that of " this phenomenon . . . psychology reveals little trace." Miss Marsden analyses well the methods and processes of the will toward the attainment of its end in following passionately the lure of life through loss of the world, and even of life itself, for the individual ego. But why should images not be the " Supreme Good." " A True Table of Values," " The holding together of communities under an " " Art of Living," " A Science of Society "? Why should not " the intense form of feeling," " the new thing," " pleasure." etc., all have as definite and intense a part in the larger social experience as in the smaller individual one? Here is where Miss Marsden always falls into sophistry. She fails to realize what the Ego really is. She persists in restricting the name to an individual organism only. She steadfastly refuses to see that the Ego is a basic element in evolution that continually creates itself anew in larger and more highly evolved organization, from the jelly-fish to the most complex social unities. The social instinct is as " intense " as any other instinct in the Ego, and belongs quite as definitely to its " self-chosen passions and interests." And a social ego—moved by a common social instinct into absolute unity of will by a social image that magnetizes the vital power of such unity, is a collective " will to will," capable of following with the intensest passion its specialized image into " definiteness of sensation," " the new thing," " pleasure," and what not. The exercise of charm as well as of physical force is as legitimately consistent with " instinct," " vital impulsion," " passionate urge " in the will to an end of a group (a social ego), as of a human individual. The " will to will "—which is the life of the ego, in whatever form—involves the will to remove all obstacles to the attainment of the end desired; and this is as much an " instinct " in government (and also in anarchism so called) as in love. Hence physical force, flattery, nagging, charm, love, are all only' different forms of governing—dominating others, in our " will toward will," for the sake of sensation, the new thing, pleasure, etc.; and the exercise of all of these is as perfectly legitimate on the social as it is on the individual scale. Alice Groff. A CORRECTION To the Editor, The Egoist. Madam,—The point seems immaterial on the face of it, in reality it is one of many common errors for which a nation has long suffered and continues to suffer: would Mr. Montagu-Nathan bear in mind that Nijinski is a Polish and Aryan name and should, therefore, not be spelt with a final " y." C. M. WORD-WORSHIP AND COMPULSION To the Editor, The Egoist. Madam,—Miss Marsden often reminds me of Rousseau and his Contrat Social. She has the same habit of personifying abstractions and then telling stories about them as historic facts. " The Appre-ciatory System is extremely intelligent "and she relates its deeds as if it was a poodle, whereas it is only two words denoting a thought of Miss Marsden's about the habits of an indefinite number of undefined persons. "Ina verbalized world it is the precise purpose of words to undermine instinctive assessments," says Miss Marsden, and no doubt she uses them for that purpose herself: but I protest against such purpose being called precise. It deprives the words of what little preciseness they had when used (as they oftenest are) in clumsy efforts to express one's own " individual assessments." As I do not share Miss Marsden's faith in the power of Words to dissolve the self (my own self being quite insoluble in her Words), I do not object to her using them in any sense she likes, provided she tells me what these senses are (at least as long as there are any undisputed words left to do it with). So I accept " should " as meaning " is adapted to A's purpose as B sees it " (though it might almost as well mean " seventy-five millimetres "); and I won't even dissect the phrase " one has to coerce oneself," though it seems to me self-contradictory. "But I do object to Miss Marsden's definitions of democracy and conscription in The Egoist of August 1. Democracy is certainly not " a method of sparing the pride of the tyrannized by politeness." The tyrannized in this case are minorities, especially minorities of one. No one who speaks on acts in the name of democracy ever uses any politeness towards such, any more than other -ocracies do. Indeed democracy uses less, because " customary mode of behaviour " is usually mistaken for " principle " (a mistake which Miss Marsden herself expressly and deliberately makes); hence the majority sincerely believes the minority have bad principles. " The good of the community " is the pet formula of democracy, and gives the excuse for such a piece of tyranny as conscription. Miss Marsden. seeking an egoistic excuse for conscription, says "it is against no one's interest to be as efficient in self-defence as possible." Each man or woman is the best judge of his own interest. The particular kind of self-defence he prefers may be very different from the military kind. If I had learned to be an efficient torpedo-discharger, it would not help me much when my feud with the Mob reached bursting-point, for I would most likely have no torpedo. Miss Marsden forgets that the chief of all wars, the one to which all others are but as means to an end, is that of the individual against the mob. When that war reaches the killing stage, the mob is sure to win, as of course it always does win. What the individual can hope for is to delay his defeat. The bearing of this on the European War is that the delay is usually longer in Britain than in Germanv. Britain chastises minorities with whips, Germany does it with scorpions. Miss Marsden wants to welcome the biggest and most deadly scorpion. Conscription, thereby extinguishing the most rational motive for patriotism. Yah! Pro-German! C. Harpur. Nenthead, Cumberland. August 21, 1915. P.S.—The scorpion would not sting me. I am fifty and son-less. And as an enumerator in the National Register, I don't think it would sting any of my near neighbours; their boys have nearly all enlisted. DEMOCRACY AND MOVEMENTS To the Editor. The Egoist. Madam.—Miss Marsden's attitude to democracy is very despairing. Because " it has arrived and no longer has its way to fight " it should not be " discussed in the propagandist spirit," and " decriers are out of date." Well, then, let us be out-of-date, for I at least can no more accept democracy philosophically than I could toothache. Miss Marsden says democracy is only one way by which the governing few disguise their rule. It does not much matter to the small minorities who express their views in The Egoist whether the 15 million people who worry and bully them are acting spontaneously or are string-pulled by fifteen mysterious " Paramount Interests " in the background. A discussion in Belgium now whether Prussian brutality is due to the Slav element or the Teutonic element in Prussian blood, would have the same kind of Academic interest. But Miss Marsden wants practice to be guided by mere matters of wording. Those who are anxious to " re-adjust democracy " (and I suppose also those who are anxious to abolish it) must " use different arguments according as they are addressing Governors or Governed." Now Governors and Governed mean strong and weak. And since Miss Marsden insists so much on this verbal distinction, one must point out that everybody is both. There is no boundary line. Let us take alphabetic order to represent strength. Then M is stronger than N but weaker than L. Y is a " governor " to Z, a " governed " to every one else. Further to baffle Miss Marsden's simple classification, the order varies continually, so that in certain relations V can defy A, or B has to cringe to S. Miss Marsden's definition of a Movement as a form of mental standstill is true enough, and I ought to know, for I am a member of a good many faddist societies both in Manchester and London. But some kinds of standstill are essential to movement; for instance you can't invade without entrenching. Miss Marsden's over-estimate of Martyrs and Leaders, for example, seems to be an entrenchment. But she has sat in this particular trench about two years now; it is time she advanced. She thinks they " fall just short of the intellectual clearness which would enable them to direct their energies to purposes of their own." But they ham purposes of their own, namely converting the Jews, or spelling reform, or whatever the fad is. It looks almost as if Miss Marsden had fallen into the vulgar error of thinking this kind of purpose less " selfish " than the purposes of the would-be Napoleon or millionaire. In fact it is more so; the faddist aims direct at his purpose, the would-be Napoleon aims at a valuable tool which is so difficult of access that he will probably never have time to use it for a real purpose. I can hardly believe Miss Marsden really made such a mistake, when I look at the pile of Egoists on my shelves and reflect how much energy she has devoted to a purpose which is unmistakably a Belief or cause (and a very bad cause too). I am not going to insult her by saying her exertions are unselfish, but I protest she ought not to accuse other faddists of being; so. The fad is the self. I have about twenty, and I can't detect a scrap of unselfishness in any of them, especially not in the anti-Marsden one! September 16. 1915. Caldwell Harpur. BACK NUMBERS OF The New Freewoman and The Egoist CONTAINING Remy de Gourmont's novel, "The Horses of Diomedes " (Aug. 15th, 1913—March 1st, 1914), and James Joyce's "A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man " (Feb. 2nd, 1914—Sep. 1st, 1915). Unobtainable Elsewhere. Containing also prose by: Dora Marsden, Richard Aldington, Peter Altenburg (translated), H. Gaudier-Brzeska, Huntly Carter, Madame Ciolkowska, John Cournos, F. S. Flint, Remy de Gourmont (translated), Frances Gregg, Leigh Henry (music), Ford Madox Hueffer, R. W. Kauffman, Comte de Leautreamont (translated), Wyndham Lewis, Harold Monro, M. Montegu-Nathan (music), Ezra Pound, Benjamin Tucker, Allen Upward, Rebecca West, and many others. Poetry by: Richard Aldington, Skipwith Cannell, H.D., John Gould Fletcher, F. S. Flint, Robert Frost, Paul Fort (in French), D. H. Lawrence, Amy Lowell, Ezra Pound, J Rodker, May Sinclair, W. C. Williams, and others both English and French. To be obtained from the Publishing Office: OAKLEY HOUSE. BLOOMSBUPY STREET, LONDON, W.C. Price 6 1/2 d per copy (post) free); U.S.A. 15 cents. EDITORIAL. Letters, andc., intended for the Editor of The Egoist should be addressed to Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION. Yearly, 6/6; U.S.A. $1.60. Six months, 3/3; U.S.A. $ .80. Three months 1/9; U.S.A. S .40. Single copies 7d., post free to all countries. Cheques, postal and money orders, andc, should be payable to The New Freewoman, Ltd., and crossed " Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch." ADVERTISEMENT RATES. Per page £4. Quarter page £1 1s. Od. Per inch, single column, 4s. Half rates after first insertion. All advertisements must be prepaid. THE POETS' TRANSLATION SERIES THE object of the editors of this series is to present a number of translations of Greek and Latin poetry and prose, especially of those authors who are less frequently given in English. This literature has too long been the property of pedagogues, philologists, and professors. Its human qualities have been obscured by the wranglings of grammarians, who love it principally because to them it is so safe and so dead. THE POETS' TRANSLATION SERIES will appear first in "The Egoist" (starting September 1st) and will then be reprinted and issued as small pamphlets, simple and inexpensive, so that none will buy except to read. The translations will be done by poets whose interest in their authors will be neither conventional nor frigid. The translators will take no concern with glosses, notes, or any of the apparatus with which learning smothers beauty. They will endeavour to give the words of these Greek and Latin authors as simply and as clearly as may be. Where the text is confused, they will use the most characteristic version; where obscure, they will interpret. The first six pamphlets, when bound together, will form a small collection of unhackneyed poetry, too long buried under the dust of pedantic scholarship. They range over a period of two thousand years of literature—a proof of the amazing vitality of the Hellenic tradition. If this venture has the success its promotors look for, other similar and possibly larger pamphlets will be issued. 1. (Ready September) The complete poems (25) of Anyte of Tegea, now brought together in English for the first time: translated by Richard Aldington. (8 pages) 2d. net (2 1/2 d, post free). 2. (Ready October) An entirely new version of the poems and new fragments, together with the more important of the old fragments, of Sappho: translated by Edward Storer. (12 pages) 4d. net (4 1/2 d. post free). 3. (Ready November) Choruses from the " Iphigeneia in Aulis " of Euripides: translated by H. D. 4. A choice of the Latin poetry of the Italian Renaissance, many now translated for the first time, by Richard Aldington. 5. The Poems of Leonidas of Tarentum, now collected —and many translated for the first time in English: by James Whitall. 6. The " Mosella " of Ausonius, translated by F. S. Flint. All the pamphlets—except the first—will be twelve or sixteen pages long and cost 4d. net; 4 1/2 d. post free. The series of six 2s. net post free. The pamphlets will be issued monthly. To be obtained from: The Egoist, Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, W.C, or from Richard Aldington, 7 Christ Church Place, Hampstead, N.W. NOTICE The Editor is always glad to consider outside contributions, and they will be returned if accompanied by a stamped envelope. Contributions from abroad must be accompanied by English stamps or international coupons. No responsibility can be accepted for MSS. lost in transit. " Greenwich Village" A SEMI-MONTHLY. Subscription, Two Dollars and Fifty Cents a year. FOR SALE at the Anglo-American Exchange, 3 Northumberland Avenue, London, S.W. Edited and published by Guido Bruno, at 58 Washington Square, New York. THE LITTLE REVIEW Literature, Drama, Music, Art MARGARET C. ANDERSON, Editor The new monthly that has been called " the most unique journal in existence." THE LITTLE REVIEW is a magazine that believes in Life for Art's sake, in the Individual rather than in Incomplete People, in an Age of Imagination rather than of Reasonableness; a magazine interested in Past, Present, and Future, but particularly in the New Hellenism; a magazine written for Intelligent People who can Feel, whose philosophy is Applied Anarchism, whose policy is a Will to Splendour of Life, and whose function is—to express itself. One Year, U.S.A., $1.50; Canada, $1.65; Great Britain, 7/_ THE LITTLE REVIEW 917 Fine Arts Building, Chicago, U.S.A. Enclosed find Seven Shillings for one year's subscription, beginning........................... Name............................................................ Address......................................................... THE DRAMA A Quarterly devoted to the Development of a Wide and Intelligent Interest in Drama Each issue of THE DRAMA contains a translation of a complete play These plays, not otherwise accessible in English, represent especially the leading dramatists of the Continent THE DRAMA, in addition, devotes attention to modern stagecraft, new types of theatre building, organizations for drama reform, and all pertinent subjects Single copies, seventy-five cents Yearly Subscription, three dollars 736 MARQUETTE BUILDING, CHICAGO A Really Different Magazine The Phoenix MICHAEL MONAHAN, Editor Atlanta Constitution: — The Phoenix is Literature. The Argonaut: — All discerning persons read The Phoenix. New York Evening Post: — Very much alive, witty, honest, and frequently very Irish. Rochester Post Express:— To our thinking quite the most satisfying periodical of its kind. Troy Times: — Covers the field of literature and life with conjoined frankness and keenness that are captivating. San Francisco Chronicle: — As full of paradox as Bernard Shaw, but whatever his faults, he is never dull. Chigago Post: — One of the few editors whose personal moods it is in the least possible to share. Brooklyn Eagle: — Will be appreciated by those who know the difference between literature and advertising. Subscription - - One Dollar a Year To Canada and Foreign Countries - - - S 1.25 SOUTH NORWALK - CONN. U.S.A. SUBSCRIBE FOR A Magazine -- of Edited by HARRIET MONROE Verse One Year (12 Numbers) U.S.A. SI.50; Canada, SI.65; Great Britain, 7/- " The best Magazine—by far—in the English language/'—PADRAIC COLUM. Poetry publishes the best verse now being written in English, and its prose section contains brief articles on subjects connected with the art, also reviews of the new verse. Most of the Imagists represented in The Egoist of May 1st were first published in Poetry, which has introduced more new poets of importance than all the other American magazines combined, besides publishing the work of poets already distinguished. The only magazine devoted exclusively to this art. Subscribe at once—the April number begins Vol.VI. POETRY, 543 Cass Street, Chicago, U.S.A. Enclosed find Seven Shillings for one year's sub-cription, beginning.......................................______________ Name.................................................................................................. Address................................ Printed by Ballantyne, Hanson and Co. Ltd.. Tavistock Street, Covent Garden, W.C., and published by the Proprietors, The New Freewoman, Ltd., at Oakley House, Bloomsbüry Street, London, W.C. Poetry