The New Freewoman , made Published the 1st and 15th of each month. THE NEW FREEWOMAN AN INDIVIDUALIST REVIEW. No. 9 Vol. I. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 15th, 1913. Sixpence. Editor: DORA MARSDEN, B.A. CONTENTS. Page The Serious Artist. By 161 Ezra Pound. Views and Comments. 163 On Interference with the Environment. By Steven T. Byington. 167 Un Monologue Dirisoire. By Richard Aldington. 168 Page Serial Story— The Horses of Diomedes. By Remy de Gourmont.169 (Ch. 9).) The Swan. (Ch. 10). The Hands. Scented Leaves from a Chinese Jar. By Allen Upward. 172 Page Religio. 173 The Conversion of a Specialist. By D. M. Richardson. 174 Science of Society. By H. S. W. 175 Correspondence. 176 THE SERIOUS ARTIST. Bv Ezra Pound. I. It is curious that one should be asked to rewrite Sidney's "Defence of Poesy" in the year of grace 1913. During the intervening centuries, and before them, other centres of civilisation had decided that good art was a blessing and that bad art was criminal, and they had spent some time and thought in trying to find means whereby to distinguish the true art from the sham. But in England now, in the age of Gosse as in the age of Gossen we are asked if the arts are moral. We are asked to define the relation of the arts to economics, we are asked what position the arts are to hold in the ideal republic. And it is obviously the opinion of many people less objectionable than the Sydney Webbs that the arts had better not exist at all. I take no great pleasure in writing prose about aesthetic. I think one work of art is worth forty prefaces and as many apologia. Nevertheless I have been questioned earnestly and by a person certainly of good will. It is as if one said to me: what is the use of open spaces in this city, what is the use of rose-trees and why do you wish to plant trees and lay out parks and gardens? There are some who do not take delight in these things. The rose springs fairest from some buried Ceasar's throat and the dogwood with its flower of four petals (our dogwood, not the tree you call by that name) is grown from the heart of Aucassin, or perhaps this is only fancy. Let us pursue the matter in ethic. It is obvious that ethics are based on the nature of man, just as it is obvious that civics are based upon the nature of men when living together in groups. It is obvious that the good of the greatest number cannot be attained until we know in some sort of what that good must consist. In other words we must know what sort of an animal man is, before we can contrive his maximum happiness, or before we can decide what percentage of that happiness he can have without causing too great a percentage of unhappiness to those about him. The arts, literature, poesy, are a science, just as chemistry is a science. Their subject is man, mankind and the individual. The subject of chemistry is matter considered as to its composition. The arts give us a great percentage of the lasting and unassailable data regarding the nature of man, of immaterial man, of man considered as a thinking and sentient creature. They begin where the science of medicine leaves off or rather they overlap that science. The borders of the two arts overcross. From medicine we learn that man thrives best when duly washed, aired and sunned. From the arts we learn that man is whimsical, that one man differs from another. That men differ among themselves as leaves upon trees differ. That they do not resemble each other as do buttons cut by machine. From the arts also we learn in what ways man resembles and in what way he differs from certain other animals. We learn that certain men are often more akin to certain especial animals than they are to other men of different composition. We learn that all men do not desire the same things and that it would therefore be inequitable to give to all men two acres and a cow. It would be manifestly inequitable to treat the ostrich and the polar bear in the same fashion, granted that it is not unjust to have them pent up where you can treat them at all. An ethic based on a belief that men are different from what they are is manifestly stupid. It is stupid to apply such an ethic as it is to apply laws and morals designed for a nomadic tribe, or for a tribe in the state of barbarism, to a people crowded into the slums of a modern metropolis. Thus in the tribe it is well to beget children, for the more strong male children you have in the tribe the less likely you are to be bashed on the head by males of the neighbouring tribes, and the more female children the more rapidly the tribe will increase. Conversely it is a crime rather worse than murder to beget children in a slum, to beget children for whom no fitting provision is made, either as touching their physical or economic wellbeing. The increase not only afflicts the ch:ld born but the increasing number of the poor keeps down the wage. On this count the bishop of London, as an encourager of this sort of increase, is a criminal of a type rather lower and rather more detestable than the souteneur. I cite this as one example of inequity persisting because of a continued refusal to consider a code devised for one state of society, in its (the code's) relation to a different state of society. It is as if, in physics or engineering, we refused to consider a force designed to affect one mass, in its relation (i.e. the force's) to another mass wholly differing, or in some notable way differing, from the first mass. As inequities can exist because of refusals to consider the actualities of a law in relation to a social condition, so can inequities exist through refusal to consider the actualities of the composition of the masses, or of the individuals to which they are applied. If all men desired above everything else two acres and a cow, obviously the perfect state would be that state which gave to each man two acres and a cow. If any science save the arts were able more precisely to determine what the individual does actually desire, then that science would be of more use in providing the data for ethics. In like manner, if any sciences save medicine and chemistry were more able to determine what things were compatible with physical wellbeing, then those sciences would be of more value for providing the data of hygiene. This brings us to the immorality of bad art. Bad art is inaccurate art. It is art that makes false reports. If a scientist falsifies a report either deliberately or through negligence we consider him as cither a criminal or a bad scientist according to the enormity of his offence, and he is punished or despised accordingly. If he falsifies the reports of a maternity hospital in order to retain his position and get profit and advancement from the city board, he may escape detection. If he declines to make such falsification he may lose financial rewards, and in either case his baseness or his pluck may pass unknown and unnoticed save by a very few people. Nevertheless one does not have to argue his case. The layman knows soon enough on hearing it whether the physician is to be blamed or praised. If an artist falsifies his report as to the nature of man, as to his own nature, as to the nature of his ideal of the perfect, as to the nature of his ideal of this, that or the other, of god, if god exist, of the life force, of the nature of good and evil, if good and evil exist, of the force with which he believes or disbelieves that, that or the other, of the degree in which he suffers or is made glad; if the artist falsifies his reports on these matters or on any other matter in order that he may conform to the taste of his time, to the proprieties of a sovereign, to the conveniences of a preconceived code of ethics, then that artist lies. If he lies out of deliberate will to lie, if he lies out of carelessness, out of laziness, out of cowardice, out of any sort of negligence whatsoever, he nevertheless lies and he should be punished or despised in proportion to the seriousness of his offence. His offence is of the same nature as the physician's and according to his position and the nature of his lie he is responsible for future oppressions and for future misconceptions. Albeit his lies are known to only a few, or his truth-telling to only a few. Albeit he may pass without censure for one and without praise for the other. Albeit he can only be punished on the plane of his crime and by nothing save the contempt of those who know of his crime. Perhaps it is caddishness rather than crime. However there is perhaps nothing worse for a man than to know that he is a cur and to know that someone else, if only one person, knows it. We distinguish very clearly between the physician who is doing his best for a patient, who is using drugs in which he believes, or who is in a wilderness, let us say, where the patient can get no other medical aid. We distinguish, I say, very clearly between the failure of such a physician, and the act of that physician, who ignorant of the patient's disease, being in reach of more skilful physicians, deliberately denies an ignorance of which he is quite conscious, refuses to consult other physicians, tries to prevent the patient's having access to more skilful physicians, or deliberately tortures the patient for his own ends. One does not need to read black print to learn this ethical fact about physicians. Yet it lakes a deal of talking to convince a layman that bad art is "immoral." And that good art however "immoral" it is, is wholly a thing of virtue. Purely and 'simply that good art can not be immoral. By good art I mean art that bears true witness, I mean the art that is most precise. You can be wholly precise in representing a vagueness. You can be wholly a liar in pretending that the particular vagueness was precise in its outline. If you cannot understand this with regard to poetry, consider the matter in terms of painting. If you have forgotten my statement that the ails bear witness and define for us the inner nature and conditions of man, consider the Victory of Samo-thrace and the Taj of Agra. The man who carved the one and the man who designed the other may either or both of them have looked like an ape, or like two apes respectively. They may have looked like other apelike or swinelike men. We have the Victory and the Taj to witness that there was something within them differing from the contents of apes and of the other swinelike men. Thus we learn that humanity is a species or genus of animals capable of a variation that will produce the desire for a Taj or a Victory, and moreover capable of effecting that Taj or Victory in stone. We know from other testimony of the arts and from ourselves that the desire often overshoots the power of efficient presentation; we therefore conclude that other members of the race may have desired to effect a Taj or a Victory. We even suppose that men have desired to effect more beautiful things although few of us are capable pf forming any precise mental image of things, in their particular way, more beautiful than this statue or this building. So difficult is this that no one has yet been able to effect a restoration for the missing head of the Victory. At least no one has done so in stone, so far as I know. Doubtless many people have stood opposite the statue and made such heads in their imagination. As there are in medicine the art of diagnosis and the art of cure, so in the arts, so in the particular arts of poetry and of literature. There is the art of diagnosis and there is the art of cure. They call one the cult of ugliness and the other the cult of beauty. The cult of beauty is the hygiene, it is sun, air and the sea and the rain and the lake bathing. The cult of ugliness, Villon, Baudelaire, Corbiere, Beardsley are diagnosis. Flaubert is diagnosis. Satire, if we are to ride this metaphor to staggers, satire is surgery, insertions and amputations. Beauty in art reminds one what is worth while. I am not now speaking of shams. I mean beauty, not slither, not sentimentalising about beauty, not telling people that beauty is the proper and respectable thing. I mean beauty. You don't argue about an April wind, you feel bucked up when you meet it. You feel bucked up when you come on a swift moving-thought in Plato or on a fine line in a statue. Even this pother about gods reminds one that something is worth while. Satire reminds one that certain things are not worth while. It draws one to consider time wasted. The cult of beauty and the delineation of ugliness are not in mutual opposition. II. I have said that the arts give us our best data for determining what sort of creature man is. As our treatment of man must be determined by our knowledge or conception of what man is, the arts provide data for ethics. These data are sound and the data of generalising psychologists and social theoricians is usually unsound, for the serious artist is scientific and the theorist is usually empiric in the mediaeval fashion. That is to say a good biologist will make a reasonable number of observations of any given phenomenon before he draws a conclusion, thus we read such phrases as "over noo cultures from the secretions of the respiratory tracts of over 500 patients and 30 nurses and attendants." The results of each observation must be precise and no single observation must in itself be taken as determining a general law, although, after experiment, certain observations may be held as typical or normal. The serious artist is scientific in that he presents the image of his desire, of his hate, of his indifference as precisely that, as precisely the image of his own desire, hate or indifference. The more precise his record the more lasting and unassailable his work of art. The theorist, and we see this constantly illustrated by the English writers on sex, the theorist constantly proceeds as if his own case, his own limits and predilections were the typical case, or even as if it were the universal. He is constantly urging someone else to behave as he, the theorist, would like to behave. Now art never asks anybody to do anything, or to think anythig, or to be anything. It exists as the trees exist, you can admire, you can sit in the shade, you can pick bananas, you can cut firewood, you can do as you jolly well please. Also you are a fool to seek the kind of art you don't like. You are a fool to read classics because you are told to and not because you like them. You are a fool to aspire to good taste if you haven't naturally got it. If there is one place where it is idiotic to sham that place is before a work of art. Also you are a fool not to have an open mind, not to be eager to enjoy something you might enjoy but don't know how to. But it is not the artist's place to ask you to learn, or to defend his particular works of art, or to insist on your reading his books. Any artist who wants your particular admiration is, by just so much, the less artist. The desire to stand on the stage, the desire of plaudits has nothing to do with serious art. The serious artist may like to stand on the stage, he may, apart from his art, be any kind of imbecile you like, but the two things are not connected, at least they are not concentric. Lots of people who don't even pretend to be artists have the same desire to be slobbered over, by people with less brains than they have. The serious artist is usually, or is often as far from the aegrum vulgus as is the serious scientist. Nobody has heard of the abstract mathematicians who worked of the determinants that Marconi made use of in his computations for the wireless telegraph. The public, the public so dear to the journalistic heart, is far more concerned with the shareholders in the Marconi company. The permanent property, the property given to the race at large is precisely these data of the serious scientist and of the serious artist; of the scientist as touching the relations of abstract numbers, of molecular energy, of the composition of matter, etc.; of the serious artist, as touching the nature of man, of individuals. Men have ceased trying to conquer the world, and to acquire universal knowledge. Men still try to promote the ideal state. No perfect state will be founded on the theory, or on the working hypothesis that all men are alike. No science save the arts will give us the requisite data for learning in what ways men differ. The very fact that many men hate the arts is of value, for we are enabled by finding out what part of the arts they hate, to learn something of their nature. Usually when men say they hate the arts we find that they merely detest quackery and bad artists. In the case of a man's hating one art and not the others we may learn that he is of defective hearing or of defective intelligence. Thus an intelligent man may hate music or a good musician may detest very excellent authors. And all these things are very obvious. Among thinking and sentient people the bad artist is contemned as we would contemn a negligent physician or a sloppy, inaccurate scientist, and the serious artist is left in peace, or even supported and encouraged. In the fog and the outer darkness no measures are taken to distinguish between the serious and the unserious artist. The unserious artist being the commoner brand and greatly outnumbering the serious variety, and it being to the temporary and apparent advantage of the false artist to gain to rewards proper to the serious artist, it is natural that the unserious artist should do all in his power to obfuscate the lines of demarcation. Whenever one attempts to demonstrate the difference between serious and unserious work, one is told that "it is merely a technical discussion." It has rested at that—in England it has rested at that for more than three hundred years. The people would rather have patent medicines than scientific treatment. They will occasionally be told that art as art is not a violation of God's most holy laws. They will not have a specialist's opinion as to what art is good. They will not consider the "problem of style." They want "The value of art to life" and "Fundamental issues." As touching fundamental issues: The arts give us our data of psychology, of man as to his interiors, as to the ration of his thought to his emotions, etc., etc., etc. The touchstone of an art is its precision. This precision is of various and complicated sorts and only the specialist can determine whether certain works of art possess certain sorts of precision. I don't mean to say that any intelligent person cannot have more or less sound judgment as to whether a certain work of art is good or not. An intelligent person can usually tell whether or not a person is in good health. It is none the less true that it takes a skilful physician to make certain diagnoses or to discern the lurking disease beneath the appearance of vigour. It is no more possible to give in a few pages, full instructions for knowing a masterpiece than it would be to give full instructions for all medical diagnosis. (To be continued.) VIEWS AND COMMENTS. There can be not a shadow of doubt that whatever person or persons first applied the terms "Strike" or "Striking" to the species of industrial phenomena now observable in Dublin and elsewhere did the "workers" and all the poor in spirit—and pocket—a serious disservice. The folly of those who ask "What's in a name," is not far to seek, since the nearest approach to thinking effected by the majority of persons is nothing more than the making of a loose association bit ween the images which a given term may call up. Consider this term "Strike"—a truly tragic misnomer since the complete difference between the industrial lions and the corresponding baa-lambs is held to reside in the attitude which they respectively adopt towards the "Strike." Those who follow the "Strike" are the militant Army, the rebels who storm the rich men's citadels. All this, one must presume, because "striking" has in other connections the meaning of "hitting." But there is no hitting in a Strike, except in the inverted sense—it is the Strikers who are hit, by the police-batons no less than by the created circumstances. Which anyone who has been in a strike-area knows. The "Strike" is essentially a passive thing, almost somnolent in its passivity. It is a cessation from work, a very leisurely, ordinary, and prosaic affair which anyone may do at pleasure. There is nothing except the individual preference of the artist, or the energetic person to make a man work, providing he makes arrangements for the consequences. There is nothing unusual or extraordinary in not working. The extraordinary thing is that so many people work. Of course, work or play, men need to eat: the extraordinary thing to accomplish therefore would be for heretofore "workers" to cease work and still to eat. That is what the people against whom they are measuring themselves have accomplished in advance. The rich need not work and yet they have what they need. They have already possessed themselves of other men's products in abundance. That is the only way in which one may eat and yet not work. The rich believe this is the correct thing to do. They consider themselves of so much importance that they must get what tney can. They recognise no "what they ought." The "ought" is a virtue, and, rich as they are, they realise that virtues are luxuries which only the poor can afford. The poor can afford them because they see no impropriety in being poor. "So that virtue be upheld, let tneirmean persons fall," that is the creed of the poor. It fits like a hand into a glove into the creed of the rich, "That which upholds me is my virtue: virtues are those things which serve me." The rich man is in the happy position of approving of both sides—that is why the teachers and preachers come from the rich: they can be so genuine and strong in their exhortations with both kinds, their own, and that of the poor. The poor are malcontents. Their own creed won't work, and the other works too well. Nevertheless they still approve their own, and disapprove of that of the rich, and spend their time "arguing"—that futile process. They, the poor, attempt by this airy means to persuade the rich to adopt the poor man's creed; the rich are very well satisfied with the creed they nave. It is so useful, that they must needs forego the poor man's, which is so very effective as ornament. In vain therefore the poor try to convert the "predatory" into the "honest," taking no account of the fact that they bespeak honesty's benefits in a manner like those sick, who sell nostrums for health. Belfast and Dublin at the present moment give a very apt illustration of how the two creeds work, of the two sorts of people—the servers and the served, the yielders and the takers, those whose actions are controlled by their ideas and those whose actions are controlled by their wants, the associates of Mr. Larkin and those of Sir Edward Carson. Mr. Larkin is engaged in stating the "rights" of his case; Sir Edward Carson prepares to establish his right or wrong, and in the supremely effectual way. He recognises that the "rights" of the case are nothing: all depends on the strength of the defendants. Mr. Larkin understands an idea: Sir Edward Carson understands men. One relies on thought-mists: the other on trial by combat. The Carson kind of person, could we imagine him in a position analogous to that of Mr. Larkin, as for instance with a provisionless army in a hostile country, would solve it in the only genuine way—not by ideas but by power. The Dublin situation stands thus: Starving people: food in the city. To the Carson kind, no ideas are involved in such a situation. It resolves itself into a knowledge of facts and their relation: in this case—the quickest route to he bread-shops. The Larkinites would be smashing arguments what time the Carsonites would be smashing shop-fronts. The "workers" argue that they have a "moral right" to the products of their labour. But it is talk and moonshine. They do not believe it. If they do, their starving condition displays an extraordinary cowardice. If they consider such products theirs, why do they not possess themselves of them? We may not overlook the fact that to do so it would be necessary for them to make preparations sufficient to empower them to do it effectually. It is a fact however which for all except "born" servants goes without saying. The arming in Ulster, or anywhere where men and women have been in earnest illustrates the truism that ends imply means. W ritten in words these things are stupid. When a situation is genuine, either as in Ulster as a sport, or in Dublin as a dreaded necessity, no words should be required save to announce their completion. There exists at the present time a class of social thinkers, who, while despising the ways and works of the politicians, nevertheless make up an entire propaganda on expressions of despisings and criticisms of these "nithings." We are too well aware of the intellectual haplessness of such thinkers to be in any danger of imitating their quaint practice. What is unworthy is unworthy—even of consideration. The first reference therefore to a politician as such, in The New Freewoman, or to his works, is still to be made. If then, we mention the name of Sir Edward Carson, it will readily be beueved that such mention has no reference whatsover to that gentleman's connection with an empty parliamentarian question as to whether an Ulsterman's masters shall be situate in London or in Dublin when they turn on him the coercion-screw. We know that he can be assured they will do it equally well in either place and that he would be quite as profitably engaged if he were fighting to retain the right to swallow plum-stones. However, Sir Edward Carson, his "cause" apart, presents a biting commentary on the intelligence of these our times. He has taken its measure and proclaimed it nil. He thereupon proceeds to give a complete, fully illustrated demonstration of the nature of government, confident that these our people will be no whit the wiser. He is quite well aware that all the "lean kind," the "workers and the "women" will be quite as much at a loss to find a meaning for things at the end as at the beginning. That they will say, "We are armed only with stones and hammers, and he uses rifles. But we are imprisoned while he is free." He knows they will never fall upon the answer, which is "Because." They will never realise that rebels armed with stones will be clapped in prison, but that rebels armed with rifles will be treated with the respect due to such, and be invited to a conference; that the "wrong" adequately defended, for government swiftly becomes a "right," while all the "right" in the universe defended by pebbles and moral phrases weighs with them exactly the weight of the pebbles. Very properly, right being might. It is a fact much to be commiserated that the advising of the down-trodden is invariably assumed by the humanitarian and morally-minded—their deadliest enemies. It appears almost inevitable it should be so, since the normal brand of egoists will have little to gain from them and they are not sufficiently sensitive to be conscious of what they lose by them. It should not however be hopeless to expect the advent of some super-egoist—one sufficiently sensitive of the value of living power to be mortally offended by the forced companionship of the ineffectual. It should not be hopeless to expect that some delicately proud aristocrat, some poet, should be inconvenienced by the sight of wretchedness to the point of expounding the rich men's code, which is now the close possession of the rich. It cannot be that the lean ones will for ever be so sunk in virtue that they cannot understand facts when made clear to them; that the only way to abolish undue depredations is to abolish the non-predatory; that the poor are the cause of the rich; that when "everyone sees to it that he is a somebody, no one can be anybody" ; certainly one could not be a capitalist. From pointing out that it is "ideas" of honesty, property, right, order, law and what-not which clutter the path and entangle the feet of workers in the plight of the Dublin strikers, preventing them from securing their necessary bread, we pass to a consideration of "ideas" in general, any and all ideas. It appears that our remarks on the subject which appeared in these comments a month ago, and which to our mind were explicit and clear, have been quite misunderstood. It behoves us to be clearer and more explicit still. All ideas are bad: good, i.e., attractive ideas worse than the silly and repellant, because they win more attention and allegiance; ideas which are considered big are worse than those called little; and the least is too big exactly by its own size. Minds which evolve ideas are diseased; they are moving in the direction in which madness lies. An idea is a label with nothing to it: a preoccupation with nothing. The greatest idea in the world has as much value— and no more—in the life of men as there is in a game of draughts. It is amusing for the sport in the thing ,and it has the same amount of relevancy to the business of life. When men try to fit their lives into their ideas and identify themselves with them they are like chess players trying to become chessmen. When the teachers and preachers say, "Advance, Justice," and Mr. Smith steps forward, or "Forward, Liberty," and Mr. Jones goes forward, this metamorphosis has taken place. The single concepts are the different pieces; the general ideas are the organised games. In their totality they are "make-believe and mumming," and the further men get away from them the nearer they get to real things. A thought, i.e., an idea, is not a real thing: its existence is verbal, like that of a dragon or snark. When therefore Mr. Benj. B. Tucker challenges us, as he did in our last issue, to find him an idea born in America bigger than Proudhon's outlined Social Contract, we are inclined to give it up. It is a thing difficult to accomplish, for not only is Proudhon's idea "big " in itself, but it is of the kind which Americans, being young in social experiment, are likely to judge bigger still. It is, in fact, a very dragon, big and very impossible in everything except words. If we outlined a scheme for building a block of flats as high as St. Paul's with lily-stalks for materials, and carefully went into the joys of living therein, and assessed the penalty for occupants who damaged the joinery, may we say, We should consider we were doing something very similar to that which Proudhon does in outlining the social contract. It need not be asserted in the pages of The New Freewoman that we consider Proudhon was a blazing light in a dark age, but the passage quoted by Mr. Tucker, we think, shows him at his worst. If it were the boyish essay of a youth in his teens, with the instinct of the pedagogue, we should put a pencil through half of it as bombast and fustian. The halt left would consist of adjectives and prepositions. It is the kind of things which overpowers our mental digestion. We are aware that some of our American friends think that we quibble overmuch about terms, and we sympathise with them to the extent that in so doing we disturb a very amusing sport. There is nothing more amusing than rhetoric when one has the swing of it. It is as jolly and as chest-swelling as getting drunk, and without the consequences. However, this journal is not run in the interests of sport. We expect from it a return of definite advantages, of which not the least are life-data expressed in terms of the mobile. By being critical of the static, we at least create a void which in itself will force the production of a more accurate substitute. We point out that the entire commerce of any journal is wholly in terms, and writers who profler expressions in questionable media make matters as difficult as in business, traders would, who tendered doubtful coin. While handling the question of "ideas" it is worth while referring to "Temporary Opinion," their despised poor relation. It explains much, especially the fact that it is held in general disrepute. The reason it is held in bad odour by the common sense of men is usually held to be because of its "temporariness." A prejudice which is opinion made permanent wins greater respect, while in opinion etherialised still further, lifted high above Time and Space, we recognise the Idol Perfected, the Platonic idea. The truth of the matter is that the emphasis of disrespect has been allotted to the wrong partner in the couplet. It is not the lack of temporariness that offends, it is the fact that it is opinion. To be "of an opinion" is to be still in thte grip of an uncompleted process; it is to be "still thinking." Now to think is to hesitate; awaiting the verification of a fact. One half of the thinking process is to arrest action: to hold the thinker in hesitation, doubt and inaction, a deplorable condition for the common sense man. "Temporary opinion" therefore is disreputable because it points to a task begun and left incomplete. We think in order not to think. We think in order to know. The man who "opines " something in the presence of a person requiring facts is in low-esteem. A business firm says it requires a "man with ideas." It does nothing of the sort. It would pack him to the right-about in an hour's time. What it wants as opposed to what it says, is a man who already knows facts, or knows how to get them, and who can arrange a series of actions well in accord with them—a matter very different from "having ideas." Most people have had the misfortune to meet the "man with ideas," all complete with a century of suggestions founded on nothing—the happy guesser. He does not venture far within the precincts of the physical scientists; they know too much to suffer an interruption in the shape of an "I think," which a little work in the laboratory would turn into "I know." It is on the fringe of the mental and moral sciences that he finds his untrammelled hunting-ground. There, there exists little or nothing in the shape of definite knowledge to hamper him in his flights. He thinks himself into the empyrean in the course of a morning, and will "construct" a social commonwealth within the limits of a newspaper article. He is however falling somewhat out of esteem. If the Freewoman lives he will be as extinct as the dodo within a generation. We shall have gone far towards rounding the Verbal Age to finality when we recognise that there exists nothing save things and the relations between things, and that all words which purport to express anything other—any "thought"—avail for nothing but gratuitous illusion and irrevelance. The first thing of which we have any knowledge—the only thing of which we have first-hand knowledge—is the life within ourselves. We call it our soul, meaning thereby an individuated entity thrown out free by the stream of living energy. The soul is not a thought, and has nothing to do with thought. It is a "thing" as electricity running along a wire is a thing, with movements, consciousness, repulsions, attractions making excursions and returning to its shell through the apertures for entry and exit it has made; a thing which forages, feeds, dissipates or grows, by meant we can learn if we keep watch. It is this thing, a soul, which it is the province oi art as distinct from science, to make chart of. The difference between science and art is not a difference of method, but of subject matter. Art is the scientific spirit applied to soul, observing, collating, noting. The reason "art" so called, sprawls itself out in spectacular incompetence is because art does not know itself. It is in a position analogous to that in which science was, when astronomy was astrology, chemistry alchemy, and mathematics witchcraft, that is, when scientists looked at facts but with a preconceived idea, a thought, interpolated between facts and their intelligence of them. So inferior artists look at the soul—when they look at it at all— with a notion interposed between it and them. Moreover, artists no more than other men have escaped the tendency to look for, in soul, the same characteristics which the scientist found in "material" things, and not finding them, they have concocted them. Hence the concepts. A poet concerning himself with ideas is a sad spectacle; so ill-employed, busily propagating illusions. It is when we consider how little grip art has on the world's life that we comprehend the difference between the major and minor artists, a difference which has nothing to do with the length and profusion of their work, or their esteem with posterity, but simply with what is called their superior powers of creation. The meaning of "creative" is worth thinking over, since the creative artist can no more create his material than the scientist can create his. The creative artist is one in whom life beats strongly; whose emotions, instead of 'being so feeble that he is capable of mistaking them for something else, are so strong and defined that they secure their right description. Most men feel very little to which they would be capable of supplying articulate expression, and most poets are like most men. The major artists are major men, and their "works" are a consequence. They are the expression of an energy which is either unknown or known only in rare flashes to ordinary men. Their works "bear true witness." Being what they are in themselves, the difficulty Would be for them to produce "works" which were other; whereas the merely artistic are in the position of a witness who tries to make a clear statement from the shreds of an only half-heard tale. The difference as a consequence is one of truthfulness and sincerity. Their effect is not merely to describe the true, but by so doing to explode the false. Hence, art comes as a flail to a concept-based morality. Men will continue to jog along, higgledy-piggledy, hugger-mugger as they do, by the dim gleam of the artist which resides in us all, until the major artist arrives. He will make Iife clear—or clearer—because life in him glows clearly. There is one aspect of life which more than any other awaits the treatment of the Major Poet—the one quite inaccurately, to our mind, called Sex. The "Sex-psychologist" should be a poet, not a physical scientist. The meaning of all this confusion of sex can be read out of a strong heart. It will never be found in the retailment of the pathetic small pranks of the emotional mad. The matter awaits another Lucretius to unravel the nature of the thing we call Soul. It can be done. Anyone who has read the works of the sex pathologists, German and other, must after rallying from the shock of the appalling "terms"—far more terrifying than the things themselves—be struck by the fact that all and any of these "perversions" are incipient in a clear-eyed child not in her teens. It is question-begging to call the matter sex; it is an unrest and discontent in the soul itself; its diagnosis belongs neither to the scientist nor the doctor: it belongs to the poet. For which reason, there appears unwisdom in the attempt to make out a new sex-"type" in what is called 'the Uranian—a term of more than ambiguous content, as defined by those who use it. As we are concerned to break down the conception of "types into individuals, we canot be expected to look too friendlily upon an attempt to create another of doubtful accuracy. If it be friendship which Uranianism is meant to cover, friendship is the most normal thing in the world; felt or desired by men and women in proportion to their vigour and vitality. Friends need no propaganda on their behalf. They hold life's lucky-packets and are not slow to say so. If however it relates to a physiological idiosyncracy, it may be an advantage or disadvantage according to its possessor's power to turn it. In the happier case it is a matter for felicitation, and in the unhappy a matter for kindness which from most men and most women is forthcoming. If, finally, it means what a correspondent has called "gratuitous vice," it belongs to that category of life's unexplained facts, which await the knowledge of life only the great in heart, the major poet, can bring. The Uranian propagandists are very far from explicit: we wonder if they are conscious that they appear to use an in unwarranted way the happy fortune and repute of the first and second class in its more distinguished members, to cast a romantic glow over the unhappy plight of the third and the rest of the second. Indeed, it appears to be this kink in the character of the Uranian propaganda which offends the mind far more than anything in the least attractive features to be found in homo'sexuality. In any case, men and women should be counted qualified to bespeak their own emotions. We should learn the things of love and friendship from those who feel them, not as a propaganda or a plaint for protection from the police, but as the irrepressible expression of an emotion of which they are proud. The Discussion Circle. It is proposed to re-start the Discussion Circle, provided that sufficient support is forthcoming. A number of people have already agreed to co-operate, and it is hoped that others will give their help. The Provisional Committee wish to emphasize the fact that the continuance of the Circle must depend on the number of replies received in response to this notice. The Subscription for the year will be 3/6. Replies should be sent to the Hon. Sec. (pro. tern.), Miss G. Carter-Smith (" George Cusack "), 16, Fellows Road, South Hampstead, N.W., by November 1st, if possible. The following have expressed themselves willing to co-operate:— W. L. George, Esq., Miss M. E. G. Bradley, Mrs. Gallichan, Miss B. L. West, Mrs. Fowler Shone, Miss A. Butcher, J. Fowler Shone, Esq., Miss K. Holmes, G. F. Etchells, Esq. Miss F. Graham, Andrew Donaldson, Esq., Miss M. J. Cox, Miss H. M. Pulley, Mrs. Lafitte Collier, Miss G. Carter-Smith, W. Gerrare, Esq., Mrs. A. Drakoules, A. Hewson, Esq., Miss A. M. Bain, Mrs. M. Coralie Boord, Mrs. M. E. Daubeny, J. C. Flugel, Esq., Mrs. Leigh-Bennett, Mrs. Isabel Leatham, Mrs. H. Putz, A. G. Warren, Esq., Miss Theodora Bosanquet Miss Barbara Low, On Interference with the Environment. III.—CERTAIN CONFLICTS OF INTERSTS. I HAVE stated my belief that in order to get a workable and tolerably satisfactory social order we must recognize every man's claim to enjoy in unimpaired form those resources which the material world naturally offers him, and that where one is not allowed such enjoyment it is reasonable that one should make the interferer pay. To complete my statement 1 ought to add that it is equally necessary to recognize every man's claim to the liberty of removing such unfriendly manifestations of nature as he may meet with—destroying pestilent living things, removing obstructions in pathways, protecting his house and crops against floods, and, probably, clearing away such accumulations of inflammable matter as make the ground ready for the rapid spread of a forest fire. This opens an immediate prospect of conflict with my first statement. The most obvious conflict, perhaps, is in the matter of living things. Of course nobody but a Buddhist or a Hindu would object if by some inconceivable invention we could make a sudden end of all insects that suck human blood; but the British poultry-raiser wants liberty to exterminate the foxes from England as the wolves were exterminated, while the sportsman insists on preserving the breed of foxes as a resource for sport; the American forester feels the need of preventing beavers from multiplying lest they injure his forest, while the fur-trader and the admirer of nature's wonderful works would like to see a beaver-dam on every stream; above all, the general preservation of bird life is urgently necessary for the prosperity of agriculture, while most birds, especially of the most numerous species, are injurious to the agriculture of one or another individual. Nobody doubts that the bobolink is a blessing to the farmers of his summer home in New England, even leaving out of account his aesthetic value for a combination of strikingly beautiful plumage and supremely beautiful song; nobody doubts that he is a curse to the rice-fields of South Carolina at a season when he has neither fine feathers nor song. The South Carolina man's liberty to protect his rice-fields is exercised to the serious detriment of New England. Yet I do not see but that South Carolina must have this liberty. If New England wants to preserve the bobolinks, New England must find a way to make South Carolina willing not to shoot them. Since it is rather Utopian to expect that the population of South Carolina will in a body refrain from shooting out of motives of courtesy and neighbourliness, New England must devise some plan by which New England's interest shall be South Carolina's interests. It is unlucky that in this matter the most urgent problem is the most difficult. The far less important question of the preservation of quadrupedal wild life is much easier: let the man who wants to preserve deer have deer on his own estate—how he gets that estate, and on what terms he holds it, are questions aside from my present purpose—and let him put around his estate such fences as he is impelled to erect by the knowledge that if the deer trespass on his neighbour's farm the neighbour may shoot them or claim payment for the damage they have caused or both. Of course the field is easily open for thirty sportsmen to buy adjoining farms and treat all their homes as a single deer-preserve, or to pay a neighbour a hundred dollars a year for acting as a member of the preserving association if the neighbour does not on his own account care to; and I do not see why such an association should not even be allowed to put gates across public roads unless the deer's horns become a serious danger to the lives of people traversing those roads. As to beasts too small to be easily fenced in, they will usually keep up at least a moderate number where part of the population are friendly to them. Only, while the friend of squirrels certainly cannot be required to kill off the squirrels from his place, if he interferes with his neighbours killing them off he ought in reason to pay for such damage to the neighbours' corn as this interference may cause. So he will if he interferes with his neighbours breaking up their breeding-places, even though by breaking them up the neighbour would have made himself responsible for much damage to the works of the man who helped the squirrels. This last point becomes one of great importance in the case of mosquitoes. The only practical way to make war on mosquitoes is to destroy or poison all their breeding-places over a considerable area of country: to do so may be a hardship to the individual whose special line of agriculture or enjoyment of nature is interfered with, but if on that account he bars people from doing it there is no reason why he should not be made to pay a reasonable valuation of the damage caused to other individuals by the mosquitoes that would have been destroyed but for his protection. And this will surely bankrupt him. Of course, where human life is threatened—where the stag or boar of the game-preserve is of murderous temper and is not kept under restraint, or where the mosquitoes are habitual carriers of a deadly disease— anyone who can suppress the threatening beast may be expected to do so, and to reject any offered pecuniary substitute as insufficient. At least, if anyone chooses to do so it will be hard to make out that his action is unreasonable. Now how if instead of mosquitoes we have microbes, and if their breeding-place is in the human person? A is dangerous to those whom he meets because he has in his person the germs of a disease (call it scarlet fever) which may pass to these others. B undisputably has in his person a natural breeding-place for the germs of another disease (call it smallpox); if the germs get into his person and breed there, they may infect C; C believes that the chance of the germ's breeding in B's person can be greatly lessened by giving B a certain treatment; but B is unwilling to undergo this treatment, because it is distasteful to him, perhaps also because he fears bad incidental consequences from it, and perhaps also because he does not believe in its efficacy. C wants to defend himself against the germs that A and B might Dring; A and B reply that if they are not to have control of their own persons, in the narrowest sense of the term, they do not see where liberty is to begin. We can doubtless agree that the reckless disposal of the germs after they are separated from the body may be an aggression. the act of one who scatters tuberculosis germs on a sidewalk does not differ essentially, it would seem, from the act of one who drops arsenic into a spring from which drinking-water may be drawn, if the two are equally conscious of the probable consequences. Then I think it might be agreed that it is aggression for one to walk on a public street while he is involuntarily throwing off germs which will float in the air till they infect another, or while it is certain that flies which light on his skin will pick up germs suitable to infect the next person on whom the fly lights. But I do not think it is an aggression for one to run a risk of Incoming a breeding-place of germs. The interference with my health if my neighbour goes unvaccinated is in any case highly problematical; the interference with his person if I vaccinate him against his will is not problematical at all. We shall never get aggression mmimized by using force in resistance to the threat that a threat may sometime he made. It may be added that nothing is more desirable than the accumulation of unquestionable evidence on every aspect of the vaccination question, and that compulsory vaccination interferes with this by giving many people a motive to conceal the fact of non-vaccination and thus vitiate the statistics. And, while I am willing to agree that the statistics are already adequate to prove the efficiency of vaccination substantially as claimed by its friends, and that the allegation of bad incidental results from vaccination has not yet been sufficiently sustained, I think on the other hand that this matter of the incidental results of vaccination deserves more study than it has yet received. Also, while there are some people whom no evidence could convince, it is easily supposable that a larger percentage of the public would be convinced of the merits of vaccination if the evidence, which I am acknowledging to be adequate, were more obviously free from suspicion. For such reasons I wish it might become possible to collect statistics on vaccination free from the distorting influence of compulsory vaccination laws. The application to venereal disease seems clear enough. If one who knows that he bears the contagion exposes another person to it without warning that other person, it is an assault. Likewise, if the bearer of the contagion has reason to suspect its presence and wilfully neglects to obtain assurance. But this is no sufficient ground for precautionary interference with those who have no reason to suspect themselves. Another obvious conflict between the claim to retain natural resources and the claim to do away with natural disadvantages is in the case of land and water routes of travel. One wants a navigable channel from east to west, another wants a road from north to south uninterrupted by water. It will doubtless be undisputed, as it has been undisputed, that the maker of the new route should provide the necessary bridge for keeping open the old. Steven T. Byington. Un Monologue Dirisoire "I hale everything popular." —Callimachus. THE most unpleasant, discourteous and ignorant animal in the world is a middle-aged, middle, middle-class Englishwoman. Even the exact phrase "middle, middle-class" does not cover all the types; there are innumerable and offensive gradations. There is the naturally dowdy type which wears shabby black outside the house and an apron within. Its hats are sad-coloured. Its features hard, domestic; it would be cruel if it had any ability. 11 has the "love of home"—that incestuous passion for a kitchen, two parlours, four bedrooms, and the usual offices. It is largely the product of northern England, but may be seen also in London. Then there is the kind whose males -have a little more money. It is rather more insolent, not having spent so much time in the kitchen, and a little more in bed. The mouths of this kind are appalling to look at; the lines are those of drab sensuality and callousness. The eyes are dull, and the skin about them in wrinkled by unkindness not by laughter. Its clothes are much gaudier than those of the former kind. It resides chiefly in the country, and therefore plays golf, wears ugly boots, coloured knitted sweaters, and serge skirts with leather hems. It has a large appetite, and merely conventional scruples. This kind of woman is jealous of her daughters, and is horribly dreaded by girls who are found to be married without a license, and who have not enough courage or not enough affection to be indifferent to censure. Another kind is almost exactly like this, except that it has enough money to buy silk petticoats, and slurs instead of dropping its aitches. The types could be analysed to disgust; I only mentioned them because I came across distinct specimens of all three in the course of a short journey from Paris to a small country town in the south of England. Naturally, I had seen them all before, but they were of that class of phenomena with which one is acquainted from childhood. I suppose I must have suffered, or have seen others suffering, from them. I had come to take them for granted, to think that this glorious last product of what we call puritanism and of hard uninteresting sensuality was inevitable. The uneasiness and mistrust which result in a small country place from these sorts of women seemed to me almost a natural result of the presence of anything feminine. I regarded other women as rare exceptions. After six or seven months away I naturally looked at English things more critically. I cannot say that England itself, or anything English, struck me as particularly agreeable, though I do remember thinking that the Union Jack was a prettier colour than the French and Italian tricolours. To return to my muttons of women—my disgusted observations began at the Gare St. Lazare. I had carefully arrived there early to take a corner seat, as I still retain sufficient childishness to enjoy looking at the " landskip." Well, I didn't mind particularly when four females of the first kind I mentioned appropriated my seat which I had carefully reserved with an overcoat and a French novel—and the seats adjacent. Still, I thought they might have been a little less arbitrary with the poor ignorant foreigner—for I took care to foster by my speech the illusion of my appearance. As I say, that didn't matter; it was woman taking with a foul face what she should have won with a fair. What really offended me and drew my eyes from the "Recits d'un Chasseur" was the women themselves. God, those ignorant faces, the unintelligent dresses with the badge of some touring party upon it, the ugly hands and the inane conversation! I struggled hard to read, and then to remember what they said. I failed in both. I remember that one of them wanted to buy a footstool, but the others said they would wait for that till they got "home"— "home" pronounced in so oleaginous and aspirate-less a manner that I felt my flesh creep; "home," as if all for which they had dragged themselves from their little geometrical cases of brick and wood was to scuttle back to them like moulting crabs; "HOME," as if Jehovah had made it his Sinai instead of a desolation of vulgarities and stodge. They talked about "English money" and "French money" as if no one else had ever used them. Two argued about the coppers they owed each other in an invidious manner; the others discussed French food—" I shall be glad to ave a bit o real English fude." They spoke of the price of their tickets, the propensity of French waiters to swindling them (que le bon Dieu vous benisse, mes garcons!), of the other members of the party. They were moved to mirth when a male of the cortege passed down the corridor grinning over a bottle of bad whisky. Boose, a man —that was funny, that was great, that was a joke they liked. They never once mentioned the things in Paris which presumably they had gone forth for to see. O barbaroi, O gold-bug-ridden islanders, O rulers of the inner and of the outer seas, how I love to see you—for a very little while as I depart from you—on your elemental ocean ! Your old women, "entassees" like half-empty bags of potatoes, tie shawls above their heads and pretend to enjoy themselves. I hear the Kensingtonian voice saying " Oh ey saay. Eyve been lookin for you evrywere; eym so dread fly hungry." I hear the "gentleman of leisure" in his check cap, tweed trousers, fawn overcoat, and brown boots, say, as a wave comes spooming over, " Meyn? Of course, ey don't meyn it—love the water." I see my second type of middle, middle-class woman, calmly dispossessing a French lady and her maid of their seats on two iron stanchions. The French lady looks at me and I look at the French lady; we say with our eyes, "Ces betes d'Anglaises—mais c'est amusant 9a." I hear the whizz of the wind broken by the roar of champagne corks; the thud of the engine is lost in the clapping of forks and knives upon earthenware. The waiters chant, "Co beef an am," "Chickn n am." "Yessir." The ladies are not absent; I observe those with silk petticoats and merely slurred aitches; they do not spare the dead animals; la pudeur Britannique must be fed. When the wind blows their skirts, I notice that their ankles are thick. Twice I think women are men and men women. The purser comes around to distribute landing tickets; the personally conducted wax agitated for fear lest they should lose their shepherd. I suspect that you, old woman, are praying to John Wesley. I yearn for the dolce lingua di si. A vulgar Englishman in red hair asks me to drink to the * entent corjul." I reply in French and shake his hand to make him go away. He calls me "Mossoo." I feign not to understand him. O Muse of Laurent Tailhade that I could recount these things with your exquisite contempt! Shall I continue my recit du voyage? Would you hear how I bought a fellow with heavy weight of silver to convey me by a secret passage from the mob?—I sought a smoking carriage to escape the women, but I was still harrowed. "A couple" entered returning from Switzerland. The bride said "it" was lovely—the country I suppose—and said the hotels were "awful," and "you du get mixed with forrun money." And I changed trains and there were unspeakable women and racing men in check suits, white bowlers and bright cigarette cases. . . . It was only that white wine that saved my life. Richard Aldington. "The Horses of Diomedes." By Remy de Gourmont. (Translated by C. Sartoris,) IX.—THE SWAN. When she lifted one of her arms to stay the fan, one would have said " a swan from the depths of the water draws up and shakes his flexible and white neck." SLIGHTLY reclining in a bergere, Cyrene waited. Standing by, two or three very young men were looking at her, saying futile things with emotion. Her arms bare, her shoulders veiled with a black lace scarf, her bosom somewhat revealed, all her beautiful body emphasized by the suppleness of the flimsy stuffs, she let herself be inhaled, smiling, throwing her head back, one hand resting against her cheek, and under the lace her arm pit gleamed like the wing of a raven. Behind the adolescents' backs, hands were thrilled ; one of these adorers hitherto dumb, began to falter, his lips trembled, from being pale he became crimson. Cyrene said to him maternally : "Child you wished to pay me a compliment, it is paid. Give me my fan. There on the small table. Thank you. . . . No, open it. Fan me." Then, letting her arms drop and her lace scarf slip, she breathed deeply and her breasts swelled. When she lifted one of her arms to stay * the fan one would have said a swan, who from the depths of the water, draws up and shakes his flexible and white neck. From the threshold Diomedes and Pascase had witnessed the scene of adoration, and the complacencies of the idol. They advanced ; she rose to give her hand to Diomedes and at once drew him into a corner. — You know, Diomedes, I believe Cyran is coming. — Are you sure? — No, but Tanche promised me to bring him. And look at this telegram. She drew it from her bodice. — If it had fallen, said Diomedes whilst Elian's fan was making your heart expand, he would have thought . . . poor child ... he would have grieved. — I see him for the first time. — Precisely, if he knew you, you would no longer have the power to grieve him. — My friend, I should prefer to give him bliss. — Ah! Cyrene how I love you! Oh exquisite friend! — But, read. — "Think will come, all arranged decoration orphans." Goodness knows how miserly Tanche is! Explain. — Very simple. Orphanage. Chapel. Have offered ornaments and Sina decoration. Cyran evangelises the walls, angels, clouds, souls. — Redemption? — Yes. Our Lady of the Redemption. — Excellent vocable, but I meant atonement. — Of what? Repentance? I do not repent even of you. — Cyran does penance for two. — Poor Cyran. — Finish. — Well yes. I love him still. I love him and perhaps I have never loved anyone else. I remember in the last days, we wept one whole night. What peace! The little sentimental bourgeoise as you say .No my friend. It was pure, it was vast, it was high. . . .We were on a mountain. . . . He stayed there alone, after having spurned me from his side. . . . Why? He was frightened. He thought I was incapable of being sisterly. I loved him enough to sacrifice all to him. Yes, all, even lust. . . . Let him carry the burden of all the sins his abandon has made me commit ! — Do not say that, Cyrene, it is wrong. — It is wrong I do not deny it. But sometimes one really may curse those whom one still loves and who love you no more! — He has not forgotten you. — I know it, but he is still frightened. — Yes, and he is right. — I thought him right, I confess; but what can I do? My trade bores me, I despise man and men despise me, although they fear me and desire me; so I lean towards new souls. — And new bodies. — It is refreshing. — Your fan in Elian's hands, it was charming. — And innocent. — Cyrene, I know you. Elian will fall asleep here his head on your shoulder. Is it the same fan? — The same, said Cyrene laughing; the same and the same Cyrene. Diomedes not having answered, Cyrene resumed: — Here is the plot. Sina is coming, you will lead him to Cyran, you will conduct the conversation and be silent only when Cyran has accepted. There will be years of work, joy and almost a fortune in store for him. Stupid and vain, Sina will pay whatever I wish. So I shall be well avenged. By me and without his knowing it, Cyran will have acquired more glory and all the money that has failed him since he renounced painting portraits and small pictures. You approve? — Yes. You are beautiful. Gently putting her hands on his shoulders she kissed his brow. Pascase was roaming. Diomedes introduced him and Cyrene bestowed everything, accustomed to see only suppliants or lovers in the unknown. She said: — All that Diomedes arranges with Daniel. Then: — Ah! here is Tanche! Oh! all alone! — This Daniel? asked Pascase. — A Secretary. Tanche, with an uneasy look, was stroking his thin beard: — He is there, in a carriage, with Pellegrin, whom I fortunately met and who is watching him. At the last moment he felt a scruple. ... If Diomedes? — Diomedes I entreat you! — Diomedes was willing. Cyrene went round the room, having by chance taken the arm of Pascase, who drew himself up slightly intoxicated, proud and smiling. He recognised Elian whom he had met with Diomedes and gave him a little friendly nod. As new as he was, Elian quite rejoiced over it. And yet Cyrene, in the midst of gestures and of words exchanged, turned her head at every instant towards the door, a movement which made lovely shades pass over her neck and her shoulders. Her pale skin was somewhat suffused with emotion, her voice was low and softened; she seemed more beautiful than on other evenings, all eyes were fastened upon her with joy. Pascase without understanding and without thinking, was enraptured by the feeling of her arm trembling under his; he pressed it slightly so as to feel more acutely the tremors of her flesh. When they were at the other end of the drawing-room opposite the door, Cyran appeared. There was a great silence and a great awe, for everyone knew. Men, who were seated rose, came forward and behind them came some young women, troubled by the sight of the Master. He was recognised from his portraits. Brusquely releasing Pascase's arm Cyrene came forward, extending her hands, finding no words. Cyran stammered; — Dear friend, dear friend. Seated, he was soon surrounded, but he said nothing, casting suspicious eyes around, wiping his forehead. For an instant he was occupied smoothing a little carpet with his foot. At last he lifted his head, Diomedes was speaking to him of his frescoes. He answered seemingly happy, carried back to the gestures of a painter, his thumb moved forward as if crushing colour, or with agitated fingers, as if drawing a general effect, marking off details. At the third of his hacked sentences which were never finished, he felt at ease, that is to say alone. The audience having vanished he saw only painting and described it. His picture finished, he was silent and after a moment, having gazed long at Elian, asked him to sit for a head of Saint John the Baptist. Tanche took the blushing youth's address. — Never professional models, resumed Cyran. They know how to take the attitude that is true, but it is also what makes them so dangerous. Art is killed by the models. ... In Florence and everywhere, before Leonardo, one painted from wax dolls, especially the goldsmiths, . . Even that was better than the model by trade. A model is stupid and sanctimonious, especially the Italian. . . . The curled swarthiness, the long white beard, the Madonna with large lowered eyelids. . . . Parisian, the male models look like scoundrels and the female like wantons. Take people who pass, people who think, people who suffer. ... I fcund an admirable Madonna, a woman met on a ship. . . . She sobbed whilst rocking a tiny child in her arms. . . . "Ah ! Monsieur, his twin sister has just died and he, he is so frail I fear to lose him also." From her I painted the Madonna who weeps for the coming anguish but her tears hold a smile for the present life. She is admirable, admirable! There is the model: one gives an attitude, under the costume, and one copies. But it is the school of drawing! Art of to-day is terrific, the protected art. A few years past, Diomedes, who then frequented the studios, was able to identify all the pictures getting medals that year by the models who sat for them. A young Italian, called Giosuc, then celebrated, figured in twelve canvases, he had even been put in the midst of a view of Normandy. . . . So, he added, looking at Elian, this young man will come? He must come. He has eyes that love and dream! Elian was thinking of Cyrene: he worshipped her for having had at her house, this joy and this self exaltation. Cyrene and Diomedes were bringing in Sina, who had been found in the little card room where he willingly lost large sums with the air of distributing-gold to Roman clients. The three men stayed alone. The plot was achieved. Cyran was conquered. Meanwhile further on the crowd of adolescents and of young women had once more formed its circle around Cyrene. Women craved for her as much as men; they felt themselves in turn lovers or beloved near this creature to whom no voluptuousness was unknown. Kneeling at her side, Flavie was toying with the floating ribbons of her dress, her cheek sometimes resting on the knees of her friend or lifting towards tht black eyes her big innocent and fair ones. This scene which confused no one, moved the tender hearts of the youths. Pellegrin murmured some verses: "Reines des soirs anciens, amantes immortelles . . . Ces yeux ou la beauts s'enivre d'etre belle . . . Adorables caresses ou les gestes d'amour Sont doux comme des vagues et purs comme des plaintes . . . Fleurs dont le vent du soir a rapproche les levres. ..." At that moment, little Aurele with long childish hair, jealously seized Pellegrin's hand and drew him away. "Say some verses for me, but others. These are beautiful but I do not like them. A queen, an only queen. ... A queen and her king. . . . They went off, far, towards the small obscure rooms, under the sombre flowering of pale shrubberies. Elian, in turn, unnerved, sad and angry, withdrew. He met Pascase. — She is, said Pascase, truly beautiful. — She is diabolical, answered Elian. She is a harem. What a creature of love, a whole people of men and women would kneel as she passes. She is the flesh. — In her gaze there is a temptation, resumed Pascase. And all is temptation, around her, these young women perfumed with the ardent perfume of desire, these adolescents with their equivocal looks. One hardly knows. Elian smiled disdainfully: — I thought you a friend of the house? Pascase looked at the youth, understood, reddened and discovering Tanche, clung to him. He said innocently: — Strange house. — Strange? Wherefore? Customs of the day. No astonishment possible. Besides which Cyran is there. Cyran purifies everything, Cyran will purify everything. Ah! he is rising. We must go. Are you coming? Come. You look sinister. I am not at ease myself. It needs the candour of Cyran or the irony of Diomedes to bear patiently the odour of that pen of goats—and kids. Cyrene is ruining and debasing herself. . . . But if you wish to see someone suffer more than we do, look at Neobelle. . . There, that tall young girl who resembles Cyrene but taller still and more sumptuous. It is said she is her daughter, and Sina's. Paternity or adoption, she is. Sina, Marie-Neobelle de Sina. That name harms him. One thinks him a jew. He is a Syrian. It is perhaps worse. Xeobelie knows all and despises all. She has the innocence of the cross raised in the midst of the turpitudes and knaveries of the market-place. It is rumoured that she loves Diomedes, now Diomedes never talks but of the adventures, ideas and amours with which he is willing to toy, on things essential to him, he is silent: 1 suppose therefore Cyran went out having kissed Cyrene's hand with an air of affectionate ceremony; Tanche and Pascase also followed him out. X.—THE HANDS. It would be better to have kissed only pure hands. — At last, you deign to know I am here, and for you alone? —! Your mother, answered Diomedes, needed my words. — Do not call her that. It is painful to me. She is to me a suffering elder sister rather than a mother. . . You know well that I call her Cyrene as everyone does, as you do. Enough. And my letter? Diomedes was troubled. He mused rapidly: "Should he have read it? If yes, it is to late, if no, it is right." Neobelle's eyes betrayed nothing. they waited. Diomedes offered the letter, turned over and twisted on all its surfaces, on all its angles. "I look like a juggler," he thought. "Shall I swallow it or have it disappear through my hands?" He said: — Here it is. It is intact. Very pale, Neobelle answered coldly: — I thank you. One can confide in you. You are discreet. Diomedes understood, despised himself, then had a sense of anger: — I have been stupid. But why this game? Neobelle shrugged her beautiful shoulders slowly. — I do not know—I am bored. I thought you would have guessed. She held the letter between her somewhat contracted fingers. Diomedes wished to take it back: — No, it is too late. She folded it, made a narrow slip of it. — Where shall I put it? In my glove, it would make a Jump on my arm. It would be very ugly, wouldn't it my friend? No. On my bosom, there, on the very soft skin of my breast. And if it scratches me Diomedes, if presently I find the envelope stained with blood, I will send you the little hair shirt, the small relic. Is that the way to say it? I have a fragment of the blood-stained tunic of Sainte Prase. When I look at it in its tiny golden heart of antiquated form, I am not moved. But perhaps your soul is more sensitive? . . . Tell me now why have I not seen you for so long? Why have you been a bad friend Dio? She spoke in endearing and saddened tones, her whole beauty as if veiled in bitterness. Her magnificent body seemed to withdraw from the gaze, vanish, melt in a sorrowful radiancy. She had folded round her the black lace fallen from Cyrene's shoulders; her clear skin designed pink flowers through the transparent veil. Seated on a stool, close to her, Diomedes looked at her, unable to find words. He listened vaguely to the thin music of the waltzes that came through the portieres from the neighbouring drawing-room to die within their hearing. After a long silence, he answered realizing in his brain Neobelle's sentence: — I am not a bad friend, Neo, but weary from having plucked too many flowers without fragrance, I demur at spanning the river, at passing on to the other shore, on that shore whence come, I know it now, the perfumes which intoxicated my ignorance. When I started, in the early morning, the sun was laughing through the willows; there was dew on the grasses and already wasps in the fruits. It was a morning in August; it was my spring-time; I have known no other. I plucked daisies and gentians, and all the weakened flowerings of summers too hot, and I inhaled them with joy, but the fragrance which consoled me came from further, from far away. I must span the water, where is the boatman? And how return if the flower that I see and I crave for is but a delusion. — The airy Morgana on Lake Leman, said Neobelle. I have seen her, it is not very strange. But if you desired her really, Diomedes, the fairy, the flower or the flame, she would spring up before you with her real flesh of woman, flower or fairy. She would come to you. . . She would save you from spanning the river. . . She would spare the beatings of your heart—and of your fear. — I do not fear the river, Neo, I fear you. — No, Diomedes, you fear yourself. You are afraid of your desires, afraid that they should swell up, fantastic beasts, with jaws and nails; afraid of emotion; afraid of sentiment; afraid to live. — But I do live, and richly, I walk, I dream, I lend myself to fantasies. — You always lend yourself, that is it, you never give yourself. — To be free, to be free! — Free in the desert of your irrealisations! Free in the midst uf the sands, or amidst the dust of the sands, or amidst the dust of barren roads! Free and alone! — Alone? Yes I am alone. In all conversation I am alone, in all intimacy I am alone. I am alone when I touch the hand of a friend or the knees of a woman, alone when I speak, alone when I listen, and alone when I scream. It is true, but who then, if he thinks, does not live in eternal solitude? — You might perhaps love, my friend? said Neobelle softly. — The river! answered Diomedes. Always the river, wave or shadow in which one must throw oneself, naked. — Naked Dio! Quite naked, stripped of your little dreams, your little fantasies, your little sensations, your little irony. . . and thus unloaded you will easily reach the other shore, and there you will kneel down. — Kneel down? — Kneel down UKe a child. — Like a child! — Yes Dio, like a little child. I have never seen that in my surroundings. There are no prayers in the atmosphere I breathe. I have never heard any hymns but only the call of lust. . . The same must ring out in the night, in the wilds. Screams of the beasts, exhausted, ill and moaning. . . One does not know whether they moan for shame of pleasure. . . Is love then but one of the forms of contempt? — Ah! Neo, contempt plays an important part in love. Without it the majority of sensual meetings would be inexplicable. It is for man, such a pleasure to play the beast, to wallow in the litter of instinct, to enclose his ideal in the narrow limits of the sexual garden, to make of it a prison and only to lift his head up to eyes that he may read in them, the satisfaction of a forfeiture. . . But others cannot raise their head when the excess of shame entrances their nerves and they die there choked in their stupor. Beauty is no more than a promise of pleasure, it is nothing more than the playings of hands and lips, the immediate and banal joy of touching. Souls have become blind and there is no more infinite in the gaze of men or in the breasts of women. He was silent, then added: —You make me say what J think, Aeo. This is almost an avowal. Usually, I am silent, or if I speak, it is with indulgence, indulgence I need myself. And besides, to what purpose this confession and this anger? No, not anger. I do not wish to hate life. . . One must go out, one must walk; therefore, let us like the scenery of our wanderings; our love will perhaps make it beautiful. I have punned very ugly things by looking at them with innocence. Good-will sanctifies even the accomplishment of evil; there is more virtue in certain bad actions than in certain good works. . . And yet, it would be better to ignore it, it would have been to have closed one's eyes from time to time along the pathway. it would be better to have kissed but pure hands. — Look, here are my hands Dio ! And with the consciousness of her real candour, Neobelle tearing off her gloves extended her two pale hands to Diomedes' lips. Excited by his discourse, moved by the beauty of this chaste maiden, so ardently a woman and so coldly virginal, he kissed the proffered hands with more love than he had yet given to other flesh. Neobelle gazed at him with eyes passionate but calm. — Dost thou love my flesh, Dio? — Neo, I love thee! Standing and leaning over her, Diomedes searched her lips. She refused them and rose: — No, not the lips! Lips give; I will not give. . . And resisting Diomedes' efforts she said again: — I will not give, not yet, not yet. . . But all that does not give. . . Look, my arms! Look, my shoulders ! . . Ah! thou dost love my flesh Dio! Has it the savour of the infinite? Has it the savour of honey or of the firmament? Ah! Dio! Exalted, she laughed a passionate laugh. Her eyes were flashing, almost cruel. She seemed to offer herself with revolt, to fight in vain against her words and her gestures. Twice her hand clutched her bodice, nervously catching at the drapery. — The letter, the letter, Neo, the letter! She seized it, gave it to Diomedes. — Yes, read it now. Ah! there is blood, a little blood, a tiny drop of blood, an only drop. . . So I give thee my blood! Dio, what willst thou give me? — Myself, answered Diomedes simply. — Thou hast said it. Thou belongest to me. In a moment of exaltation, Diomedes lifted the letter to his lips and kissed the stain of blood. — Kiss also the wouna, Dio! And Neobelle, tearing open her bodice, offered her bared bosom to Diomedes' lips. But no sooner had she felt the too sensual caress, than she recoiled. Folding the black lace scarf round her shoulders, she fled. To be continued. Scented Leaves from a Chinese Jar. By Allex Upward. Kublai and the Linnet. It is told that the great emperor Kublai, listening one day in his garden, condescended to praise the song of the common brown linnet. Do thou, O highborn scholar, who mayest overlook these clumisly written trifles, be not less gracious than that great emperor, Kublai! The Acacia Leaves. The aged man, when he beheld winter approaching, counted the leaves as they lapsed from the acacia trees; while his son was talking of the spring. The Bitter Purple Willows. Meditating on the glory of illustrious lineage I lifted up my eyes and beheld the bitter purple willows growing round the tombs of the exalted Mings. The Commentator. After the celebrated commentator Yu had spent thirty years in meditation on the first paragraph of the Tao-Te-Ching, he was urged by an inquisitive Viceroy to begin to write. He remarked, "Indecent haste! How contrary to the precepts of the Tao-Te-Ching !" the conqueror. The great conqueror Khengiz, towards the close of his life, when he had subdued toe four corners of the world and slain more than a million men, encountered on the way an old woman who inquired of him, ''Canst thou tell me anything of a certain Khengiz?" the coral fisher. The coral fisher, who had been a long time beneath the water, rose to the surface with nothing in his hand but a spray of crimson seaweed. In answer to the master of the junk he said, "While I was in the world of fishes this miserable weed appeared to me more beautiful than coral." the crimson parrots. On the way I saw the parrots of dusty crimson feathers wrangling over a piece of flesh, but on account of the perfume of thy scented billet I was unable to hear their screams the devil-worshippers. Outside the Heavenly Kingdom, it is reported, dwell devil-worshippers who burn incense before the stake on which a sorcerer was formerly impaled. the diamond. The poet Wong, after he had delighted a company of mandarins at a feast, sat silent in the midst of his household. He explained, "The diamond only sparkles when it is in the light." the estuary. Some one complained to the Master, "After many lessons I do not fully understand your doctrine." In response the Master pointed to the tide in the mouth of the river, and asked, "How wide is the sea in this place?" the gold fish. Like a breath from a hoarded musk, Like the golden fins that move Where the tank's green shadows part— Living the flames out of the dusk— Are the lightning throbs of love In the passionate lover's heart. the intoxicated poet. A poet, having taken the bridle off his tongue, spoke thus: "More fragrant than tne heliotrope, which blooms all the year round, better than vermilion letters on tablets of sendal, are thy kisses, thou shy one !" the jonquils. I have heard that a certain princess, when she found that she had been married by a demon, wove a wreath of jonquils and sent it to the lover of former days. the luscious nectarine. In the season of drouth, when the sallow rice bowed down before the reaper's hook, the faithful lover, walking in the Garden of Friendship, plucked a luscious nectarine, and thinking of the beautiful betrothed he wished the marriage day were come. the marigold. Even as the seed of the marigold, carried by the wind, lodges on the roofs of palaces, and lights the air with flame-coloured blossoms, so may the childlike words of the insignificant poet confer honour on lofty and disdainful mandarins. the mermaid. The sailor boy who leant over the side of the Junk of Many Pearls, and combed the green tresses of the sea with his ivory fingers, believing that he had heard the voice of a mermaid, cast his body down between the waves. the middle kingdom. The emperors of fourteen dynasties, clad in robes of yellow silk embroidered with the Dragon, wearing gold diadems set with pearls and rubies, and seated on thrones of incomparable ivory, have ruled over the Middle Kingdom for four thousand years. the milky way. My mother taught me that every night a procession of junks carrying lanterns moves silently across the sky, and the water sprinkled from their paddles falls to the earth in the form of dew. I no longer believe that the stars are junks carrying lanterns, no longer that the dew is shaken from their oars. the night. In the hall of ebony there grows a tree with golden tassels. In the branches is a silver nest out of which come forth twelve squirrels. In the heart of the tree dwells a fiery snake; when the wind blows the boughs of the tree smite together, and the fiery snake leaps forth. the onion. The child who threw away leaf after leaf of the many-coated onion, to get to the sweet heart, found in the end that he had thrown away the heart itself. the pear tree. Han, the wise emperor, bade his son: "Look thou For merit where thou seest humility, As they who strip the pear-tree seek for fruit Upon the branches bending to the ground." the potter. A potter, who was creating the world, threw from him what seemed to him a useless lump of clay, and found that he had thrown away his left hand. the rose. When the delicious verses of Li Po were praised in the Court of Heaven an envious mandarin complained of the poet's scandalous life. The Divine Emperor, who was walking in his garden, held out a rose and asked him, "Do you smell the gardener's manure?" the sea-shell. To the passionate lover, whose sighs come back to him on every breeze, all the world is like a murmuring sea-shell the stupid kite. A kite, while devouring a skylark, complained, "Had I known that thy flesh was no sweeter than that of a sparrow I should have listened longer to thy delicious notes." the swallow tower. Amid a landscape flickering with poplars, and netted by a silver stream, the Swallow Tower stands in the haunts of the sun. The winds out of the four quarters of heaven come to sigh around it, the clouds forsake the zenith to bathe it with continuous kisses. Against its sun-worn walls a sea of orchards breaks in white foam; and from the battlements the birds that flit below are seen like fishes in a green moat. The windows of the Tower stand open day and night; the winged Guests come when they please, and hold communication with the unknown Keeper of the Tower. the tartar. When the victorious general, Ching Wu, Had overthrown the Tartars, and their chief Made captive, he reproached him bitterly For having gone to war without a cause. The Tartar answered : "Were our country yours, And China ours, you would make war on us." the windmill. The exquisite painter Ko-tsu was often reproached by an industrious friend for his fits of idleness. At last he excused himself by saying, "You are a watermill—a windmill can only grind when the wind blows." the turret. Millions of years ago, on another planet far off where different constellations hang, once a poet, forgetting sorrow, walked in summer along a white cliff high above the sea with a boy beside him. And the boy said, "There in that house, before I lost my father and fell into poverty, formerly I lived, and in that turret with its little window I passed happy hours." And as he listened the poet felt deep in his heart a mystic pain such as he had never felt in looking back upon the lost palaces of his own youth. Afterwards the boy was drowned at sea, and the heart of the poet was drowned in care; yet to the end of his troubled life he never saw in stone or picture, neither heard nor read of, a turret like that one, but over him there stole the same mystic sorrow, like the breath of flowers out of a hidden garden, like a chord of music from passionate harp-strings away in some immortal world. the word. The first time the emperor Han heard a certain Word he said, "It is strange." the second time he said, "It is divine." The third time he said, "Let the speaker be put to death." Religio, OR THE CHILD'S GUIDE TO Knowledge. What is a god? A god is an eternal state of mind. What is a faun? A faun is an elemental creature. What is a nymph? A nymph is an elemental creature. When is a god manifest? When the states of mind take form. When does a man become a god? When he enters one of these States of mind. What is the nature of the forms whereby a god is manifest? They are variable but retain certain distinguishing characteristics. Are all eternal states of mind gods? We consider them so to be. Are all durable states of mind gods? They are not. By what characteristic may we know the divine forms? By beauty. And if the presented forms are unbeautiful? They are demons. If they are grotesque? They may be well-minded genii. What are the kinds of knowledge? There are immediate knowledge and hearsay. Is hearsay of any value? Of some. What is the greatest hearsay? The greatest hearsay is the tradition of the gods. Of what use is this tradition? It tells us to be ready to look. In what manner do gods appear? Formed and formlessly. To what do they appear when formed? To the sense of vision. And when formless? To the sense of knowledge. May they when formed appear to anything save the sense of vision? We may gain a sense of their presence as if they were standing behind us. And in this case they may possess form? We may feel that they do possess form. Are there names for the gods? The gods have many names. It is by names that they are handled in the tradition. Is there harm in using these names? There is no harm in thinking of the gods by their names. How should one perceive a god, by his name? It is better to perceive a god by form, or by the sense of knowledge, and, after perceiving him thus, to consider his name or to "think what god it may be." Do we know the number of the gods? It would be rash to say that we do. A man should be content with a reasonable number. What are the gods of this rite? Apollo, and in some sense Helios, Diana in some of her phases, also the Cytberean goddess. To what other gods is it fitting, in harmony or in adjunction with these rites, to give incense? To Kore and to Demeter, also to lares and to oreiads and to certain elemental creatures. How is it fitting to please these lares and other creatures? It is fitting to please and to nourish them with flowers. Do they have need of such nutriment? It would be foolish to believe that they have, nevertheless it bodes well for us that they should be pleased to appear. Are these things so in the East? This rite is made for the West. The Conversion of a Specialist. DR. PAUL CARTON, assistant physician at the sanatorium for the treatment of consumptives at Brevaunes, near Paris, is one of those specialists who keep their mental elasticity in spite of the schools. For ten years he has been engaged in the "fight against BOOKS on all subjects, Secondhand, at Half-Prices. New, 25 per cent. Discount. Catalogue 761 free. State Wants, Books Bought.—Fovle, 121, Charing Cross Road, London. tuberculosis." For the first five, he pursued, with an increasing scepticism, the orthodox treatment—keeping his patients comparatively motionless and fattening them by every possible means. He observed that in the majority of cases the achievement of plethora did not avert the course of the disease. The very small minority of "cured" were those who in all probability, given decently favourable circumstances, would have got over their trouble without medical interference. His observation of the thousands of cases passing through his hands led him, at last, to a rough generalisation. He came to the conclusion that the majority of these people were arthritic, were in such a condition of exhaustion—through the inability of over-worked, over-stimulated, clogged and enfeebled stomach and liver, properly to "elaborate" the nourishment required by the system—that they were an easy prey to the comparatively harmless little bacillus which lives all round us, in the air we breathe, on the food we consume and every object we handle. Acting upon the conviction that "consumption" was a secondary symptom, he began attending to the digestive organs of his patients and left the lungs to take care of themselves. He believes that this general arthritic decrepitude of the system goes hand in hand with alimentary errors. Foremost in his list of these errors he places the consumption of pernicious foodstuffs, materials which make the system a " factory of acids." "It is heart-breaking," he cries, " to see how the present generation goes besides the mark in failing to see that digestive and bacterial lesions are the co-effects of vicious alimentation, based as it is upon fermented drinks, sugar and meat; one may realize how deplorable is this mistake when one considers that it has pricked on the treatment of tuberculosis to alimentary excesses which are nothing but the aggravating of the original cause of this disease, and which kill, I cannot too often repeat, every day more human beings than Koch's bacillus itself. The first proof that arthritism engenders tuberculosis is the obvious demineralization of the tuberculous; they became, thanks to the corrosive power of their acid secretions, dephosphatized and decalcified." Two considerations support Dr. Carton's general conclusion. The first is that an examination into the history of the "consumptive" yields, with slight variations, the same picture—hale and hearty grandparents who took meat and alcohol to the end of their days "without any injurious results—a little rheumatism at the end perhaps" (it must be noted that it was our grandparents who saw the beginning of every-day meat-eating for the many, and the beginning of the general availability of concentrated sugar), a second generation flagging in early middle-age and then the accumulated effect—the consumptive, with his "nervous," dyspeptic, neuritic, appendicitic brothers and sisters. The second consideration in favour of Dr. Carton's incrimination of dietetic errors, and in particular the three pernicious foodstuffs, as factors in the preparation of the soil for the "favourable reception of the bacillus of pulmonary tuberculosis is the remarkable way even an advanced case of this disease reacts to the exclusion of these three. Though hampered by parents and guardians and patients themselves, many of whom will not hear of a rational or even a "moderate" dietary, he is able to say, "I have a whole series of patients cured of ulcerated tuberculous patches of five or six years' standing by means of this apparently unsuitable" (i.e., vegetables, cereals, and fruits without either eggs, milk, cheese or butter) "dietary. Nor have thev discarded it on resuming their normal life." All this and very much more that is illuminating is set forth in two little brochures by Dr. Carton, recently translated into English, "Consumption Doomed" and "Some Popular Foodstuffs Exposed" (C. W. Daniel, 3, Amen Corner, if- net.) D. M. Richardson. The Science of Society. THE Science of Society,"* is a book to ponder over and inwardly digest. In it much is anticipated that has been advocated in later years by various brands of Social Reformers. Part I. is a study of Individualism; Part II. expounds the author's doctrine of Equitable Commerce. The author claims for his principles the standing of scientific truths, and is enthusiastic as to their efficacy for radically altering or bettering human conditions. He states that during a period of twenty years the principle of Equitable Commerce had been tested in experimental villages founded by his friend and inspirer, Mr. Josiah Warren, of Indiana. I will give the gist of the two parts very much in his own words. Part I., on the Sovereignty of the Individual as the True Constitution or Government, asserts that "the essential spirit and vital and fundamental principle of the three great modern movements—Protestantism, Democracy, and Socialism—is one and the same, the Supremacy of the Individual—a dogma essentially contumacious, revolutionary and antagonistic to the basis principles of all the older institutions of Society which make the individual subordinate to the Church, the State, and Society, respectively." "The basis of Protestantism is the doctrine of the paramount right of private judgment in matters of conscience, the basis of Democracy, that all governmental powers reside in, and are only delegated by, . . . the people —who are first individuals, and who then, by virtue only of the act of delegation become a people—that is a combined mass of individuals." The basis of Socalism, that "the individual has an inalienable right to that social position which his powers and natural organisation qualify him, and his tastes incline him, to fill, and consequently to that constitution or arrangement of the property relations, and other relations of Society, which will enable him to exercise that right." "The forms of society proposed by Socialism are the mere shell of the doctrine, —means to the end,—a platform upon which to place the individual in order that he may be enabled freely to exercise his own Individuality. . . Possibly it (the shell) is unfit for the habitation of anything else than despotism. It is possible even that Socialism may have mistaken its measures altogether, and that the whole system of association and combined interests and combined responsibilities proposed by it may be essentially antagonistic to the very ends proposed. . . The whole programme of Socialism may be abandoned or reversed, and yet Socialism remain in substance the same thing. What Socialism demands is the emancipation of the Individual from Social bondage." The issue therefore is "whether the naked, bald, unlimited principle of the Sovereignty of the. Individual in human government. . . be essentially good and true, or essentially vicious and false," and the remainder of Part I. upholds the doctrine, tracing Individuality as a fundamental principle in nature, pointing out that objects, and people, "bound together contrary to their nature must, and will, seek to rectify themselves by breaking the bonds which confine them, while those which come together by their natural affinities remain quiescent and content. Therefore let human system-makers beware !" In the author's view genuine Democracy is identical with the "no-government" doctrine, and he looks forward to the time when all human governments, such as flourish now. having dwindled continuously and peaceably, shall finally pass away, leaving the Individual (man, woman, and within limits, child) as First published in N'rw York, 1S51. Republishrd in New York. jSSS. Published in England, C, \Y. Daniel Ltd., 1913. the rightful Sovereign over his own conduct, with the limitation that his sovereignty is to be exercised at his own cost. To sum up :—" Men have for ages sought to discover the science of government, and lo ! here it is, that men cease totally to attempt to govern each otlicr at all! that they learn to know the consequences of their own acts, and that they arrange their relations with each other upon such a basis of science that the disagreeable consequences shall be assumed by the agent himself." Part II., dealing with the author's theory of Equitable Commerce, turns upon the doctrine of Cost. The Chapter on "Value distinguished from Cost" is perhaps the most useful and subtle in the book. A thing ought to bring what it is worth,' no proposition could be seemingly more innocent than that. . . But 'what a thing Is worth' is another expression for its Value, and the Value of a commodity is the degree of benefit which it confers upon the person who receives it. The Cost of it is, on the other hand, the degree of burden which the production of the commodity. . . imposed upon the person who produced it. . . The burden or cost may be very great and the benefit or value very little, or vice versa." In the case of an exchange it is the cost to the producer, not the benefit to the receiver which should determine the price. For example, "Suppose it cost me ten minutes' labour to concoct a pill which will save your life when nothing else will. . . It is clear that your life is worth more to you than your fortune, am I therefore entitled to demand the whole of your property? Clearly so, if it is right to take for a thing what it is worth, which is theoretically the highest ethics of trade." "In our existing commerce the vendor adjusts his price to what he supposes to be the value to the purchaser,— that is, to the degree of want in which the purchaser is found; never to what the commodity cost himself; thus interfering with what cannot concern him, except as a means of taking an undue advantage. The purchaser, on the other hand, offers a price based upon his knowledge or surmise of what the degree of want of the vendor may force him to consent to take. Hence the cannibalism of trade." "It is upon the value principle that all honourable trade professes to be conducted, until instances arise in which its oppressive action is so glaring. . . that those who carry it out are denounced as rogues and cheats, and in this manner a sort of conventional limit is placed upon the application of a principle which is equally the principle of every swindling transaction, and of what is called legitimate commerce." "In its infinite and all-pervading variety of applications this vicious principle is the source of the injustice, inequality of condition, and frightful pauperism and wretchedness which characterise the existing state of our so-called civilisation." Markets are manipulated to hold up the supply, and hence to send up the value, of a commodity, the cost of which to the producer may have been almost nil. Cost can be measured and standardised, Value cannot. "By Cost is meant the amount of labour bestowed upon production, that measure being again measured by the painfulness or repugnance of the labour itself." It remains to devise some method for comparing the relative repugnance of different kinds of labour. Each is to make his own estimate (and is to be trusted to do this honestly); all that is necessary is to agree upon a particular form of labour (e.g., in America, corn-raising is suggested), as a standard of comparison. From this we get the Labour Note as a form of equitable money; every man to be his own banker, and issue his own credit notes. Ordinary money fails as a standard of cost—it is too fluctuating and too scarce, and lends itself to the engineering of panics. The Labour Note system is worked out at some length. On the Cost Principal there will be no rent of land; and surplus capital (capital for which the owner has no present use) will be loaned without interest (except in so far as there is an element of risk), the owner merely sharing in the benefits which result to the whole community from baying it occupied in any enterprise conducted upon the Cost Principle. "It follows that whoever evinces the highest grades of inventing or organising talent will have the command, freely, of the requisite capital to aid his designs." Further application of the cost principle produces the unusual result that "menial labour,—whatever kinds of labour have the greatest amount of drudgery and which are therefore most repugnant—will be best paid, and pleasurable labour will be paid little." The drudgery will, of course, vary with the individual. "A superior natural talent renders labour easier, and consequently, upon the Cost Principle, reduces instead of augmenting the prices. Talent and skill (of a particular sort) now enable their possessors to subject the world as successfully as did prowess and physical manhood formerly. . . Contrary to what is now the case, the man (or woman) who can do the most work of any given kind in a given time and do it best, will work at the cheapest rate, and therefore will have the advantage in bidding for his favourite occupation, competition intervening to bring down the average of price to the lowest point for every article, but with none but beneficial results to anyone." It is maintained that the principles of Individuality and of Cost are not incompatible with the wages system. "What is wrong is the simple failure to do Equity. It is not that men are employed and paid, but that they are not paid justly, and that no measure of Justice or Equity has ever heretofore been known among men." Ana it is maintained that the Cost Principle places no bar on co-operation, or the economies of the large scale, but that it does away with all forms of profit-making. "In the large establishment the proprietor will realise no more in the form of pecuniary results than the humblest labourer employed by him, and not so much if he does not work so hard—taking into account all the elements of labour and repugnance, both physical and mental." His reward will lie in the fascination the work has for him, the desire for a leading position, and so on. The theories as to Cost read fascinatingly. They hinge on "Equity." Mr. Andrews admits that they can be put in practice only when men and women have a genuine desire for them; but their truth is not thereby affected—men and women are the sufferers from not acting in accordance with them. Be it noted that throughout the book "men" includes "women," for Mr. Andrews was a feminist of a thoroughgoing tvpe on account of his belief in Individuality. H. S. W. "Instead of Socialism," a small book by Mr. Charles Daniel (C. W. Daniel, Ltd.), contains, along with some rather sweeping assertions dubbed Laws of Nature, some acute criticisms of "government by consent" and the ballot-box fetish. H. S. W. Correspondence. Note to Correspondents— White quite willing to publish letters under noms lie plume, we tnake if a condition of publication that the name and address of each correspondent should be supplied to the Editor. — Ed. To the Editor of The New Freewomen. THE ORDER OE THE BROTHERS MINOR. Madam, The "Chancellor" of the Angel Club is, from his writing, a very intelligent man. As the unknown powers send but few intelligent men to this planet, I will say that he is one of the most intelligent men of our generation. I do not ask his name, for it is well that intelligence should remain impersonal and anonymous. I do not know that I care to retire to a free state. My natural cruelty permits me to take some pleasure in the antics of a capital. My means are scarcely sufficiently independent to permit me to retire to Mt. Athos or to an island in the Aegean, also I am, I dare say, without that wisdom which the Chancellor demands for admission to his order, nevertheless I petition him to consider a certain request, a request from another unfounded order, we may call it the Brothers Minor. He says in his article: "All thoughtful minds are now awake to the fact that we are being drawn into the shadow of another dark age." I cannot answer for all thoughtful minds, for I know only a few thoughtful people. I can only say that for so long as I can remember thinking at all, I can remember wanting some pyramid safer than that of Cheops wherein to preserve the things that I care for against the forces now manifest in the world. I have longed for some order more humane than the Benedictines who should preserve even the vestiges of our present light against that single force whereof the "ha'-penny" press and the present university and educational systems are but the symptoms of surface. I have longed to do, or to see done, for such an order, something of what St. Benedict and Cassiodorus did for the Benedictines of the sixth century of our era. Namely, to place the great works in their keeping and to enjoin upon them certain attentions. Nota!! It was only with regard to the pagan works, the works that did not fall under the system of instruction, that this precaution was of much use. I want an order to foster the arts as the church orders fostered painting. Naturally I do not want such an order to be academic, but the gods alone can avail it in that regard. Neither do I labour under the delusion that such an order would be all availing, or, beyond a certain point, even useful. In any case I ask the Chancellor of the Angel Club to consider taking such an order, in some measure for his accomplice, an order secular, in proportion as his order would seem to be monastic; an order of poor men who must for food's sake, as well as for art's sake, remain scattered abroad in the world. In so far as he cares for the truth, I would remind him that the mediaeval penalty for heresy was the stake. For modern heresy—and the only modern heresy is an uncontrollable propensity for telling the truth—the penalty is starvation, or at least forced and irregular fasting, which doth little good to the soul. I suggest that he add to his clubs proposed utilities; that he consider the subsidizing of artists, that is, of artists of recognizable value. If his club is a nation, he may as well have an "established church ": the church of Genius in Crucem. Ezra Pound. SYNDICALIST PROSTITUTION. Madam, There is certainly no objection to the formation of a trade-union of "sex-working women." It is understood that the majority of them are a frightfully under-paid lot; and if their union should reduce their employers' profits, it is understood that the present largeness of these profits is the cause of great and uncompensated evil If they should form a union and go into the usual routine of striking for higher wages and shorter hours, doing everything they could think of to block their employers' business utterly while the strike was on, and all the time taking great pains to keep down the number of apprentices entering their trade, they could count on the approval of a great many persons for whose sympathy the other trade-unions sigh in vain. But I doubt if they have the stuff in them to do it. One good result of the present fashion for discussing the prostitution question is that it makes known to the public some of the facts that specialist students have been gathering. And one of the things that we appear to have learned is that prostitution (taking the word in its generally accepted sense) is, in a society of the Europeo-American sort and in many others, the natural ultimate resource of the woman who is too feebleminded to hold any other job, without being quite feebleminded enough to be put in an asylum: that if we ever succeed in abolishing or greatly decreasing prostitution we shall find a notable addition to the Problem of the Unemployable. It is not denied that there are a good many prostitutes who are not of this type, but it would seem that these others are the round pegs that have unfortunately got into square holes, and that the really typical prostitute is the woman who never had stamina enough to take care of herself in any other wav. If this is so, if most of the profession are such weaklings to begin with, and if to this we super-add the enervating influence of the life itself, I think that their trade-union would easily fall a prey to its enemies in every conflict. To make an efficient trade-unionist it takes the ability to keep up a long, hard fight; and a trade cannot be unionized if too many of those who work at it lack this quality. I am very sorry, for there are few conceivable things that would please a larger part of the community than to have the prostitutes form a union and better themselves by regular union methods; but I think Mr. Swartz's plan will not be found workable. The alternative will still be—either something is done for them by others, or nothing is done for them. Most regrettable. Steven T. Bvington. "BEAUTY" AND THE HUMAN FORM. Madam, The editorial, "Concerning (he Beautiful," in Tin: New freewoman for September 1st is full of interest. Especially valuable is the stress laid upon the fact that abstract "Beauty" is an empty concept, and that what produces the effect of the beautiful varies with the variations in that particular need of the self or "soul." But is the insistence upon reposefulness, peace, quietness, calm, etc., in the description of the essential eftect of the beautiful, quite consistent with this? It is recognised that a-symmetry may give rise to it as well as symmetry, then why not vigour as easily as calm? In attempting to indicate the characteristics which seem essential to produce the experience of the beautiful, I think the Editor is right in insisting on the "harmonizing" quality, but this alone is hardly enough, and surely it ought not to be confused with "repose," etc. I think it is necessary to add "expressiveness,'' and we shall then at once find our greatest difficulties vanish. These being the only two necessary conditions, whatever is both harmonizing and expressive may induce the sense of the beautiful if our "self" be in the corresponding state of need. Therefore the effect both of harmonious vigour (or energy) and of expressive quiet m^y now be accounted for. (Examples of both are innumerable; but the first that occur to me are,—for harmonious vigour, the equestrian statue of Bartolommeo Colleoni at Venice, and for expressive calm, Michael Angelo's Lorenzo de' Medici at the tomb in Florence.) These two requirements of harmony and expressivness I think unconsciously underlie the rough general agreements as to certain things being able, or not, to give rise to the feeling. The nature of the broad quality I call "expressiveness" must here, for want of space, be gathered from the context. Of course, it varies with its medium. But, roughly, we might describe it as (he capacity for conveying a feeling of the essence, or self, or life-quality, of whatever is presented. Apart from these two necessary conditions (which are derived from the distinctive nature of that want of the soul whose satisfaction gives the sense of the beautiful), it seems impossible to lay down any exclusions whatever. Here we come into collision with the opinion that "the effect of the beautiful is unlikelv to be obtained from the human form," which is too distracting, not calm enough, etc. The source of this mistake, as it seems to me, is again the idea of repose, as a necessary condition. Once it is discarded, and the quality of expressiveness associated with that of harmony, we see why human beings, from time immemorial, have felt the beautiful in presence of the healthy human form. It would indeed be difficult to find any form more capable of these qualities, for the natural human body can do wonderfully just what is its business to do, that is, to express the self. Yet, with its almost inexhaustible capacity for varied expression of the varying self, it combines an extraordinary power of harmonious disposition. The Editor's illustration of the Madonnas is excellent here. They fail in giving the feeling of the beautiful, just when they are "good" Madonnas, because the "Madonna idea" involved an adverse condition, namely, "purity," the absence of human expressiveness. Their failure is not because they are in human form, but because they lack its natural expression. The human form, apart from this objection of deficiency in calm, is rather cold-shouldered as a mere "seductive associational" substitute for the beautiful, on the ground that women do not find "beauty" in men. As an argument that sex-interest is the only (and illusory) cause of the impression of beauty in the human form, this is surely inconclusive. To begin with, many perfectly normal women of sensitive mind do find the effect of the beautiful in harmonious examples of the forms of both sexes, and of course enormous numbers of men have done so, as far back as we have any records. Long ago, in the Freewoman (Vol. I., p. 62), the long devitalisation of the five senses in women was adduced to explain their comparative lack of achievement in arts, etc. Is it not possible that with the wider awakening of personality, and with freer experience, this hindrance may be removed, and that the proportion, of women may then equal that of men in this particular feeling also? And further, why should the expression of the more "harmonious" of even sex-characteristics themselves be denied their part in producing the effect of the beautiful? We cannot cut off or exclude all sex-feeling from the "soul" or self. To attempt to do so would be to deny that the self has any part in sex-love, however individual, which is surely a contradiction in terms. How then can we exclude these elements from all the possible needs of the soul for the sense of the beautiful? The Editor seems to me, both here and in the "Views and Comments" of August 15th, rather inclined to separate and banish the body, which is (at anyrate within present experience) an inseparable part of "personality," into an outer darkness. In "Views and Comments" (p. 84) it is written, "To be conscious of one's self as a person eliminates to a large extent the consciousness of oneself as a mere body." I do not ignore the word "mere," but, in human experience, is there such a thing as "consciousness of oneself as a mere bodv"? Is there any such thing as the "mere body," where personal feeling, however rudimentary, exists at all, as it does in the most elementary and least introspective human beings? Was not Blake wiser, in saying, "Man has no body distinct from his soul, for that called body is a portion of soul "? The popular impression that the development of personality or "mind," destroys the "beauty" of women, is purely superficial confusion Its origin lies in mistaking for personality anv merely one-sided development (of the intellect, for instance), or the living a one-sided life (and so producing the same result), which does destroy the harmony of the self and of its physique. One-sided development of life can thus destroy the effect of the beautifu' in women, just as it has done in many spheres of the modern life of men (desk-life, for example); but there is no lack of instance to show that the all-round development of genuine personality (as distinct from mere crammed braininess) intensifies the effect of the beautiful, as adding to expressiveness without sacrificing harmony. W. P. Arnold. [A reply to the above letter will appear in the coming issue.—Ed.] MISS PANKHURST AND PURITY. Madam, Miss Christabel Pankhurst is a classical example of the rule that persons inclined to physical violence have usually very banal and vulgar minds. Robespierre was one of the most violent persons in history, and one of the most commonplace. Experienced Socialists know well that the rowdiest persons are the least imaginative and open-minded. The suffragettes are one more example. I may say at once that I am, and always have been, a warm supporter of the suffragettes. I have always said that their disturbances would shake female conventionality and morality to their foundations, and lead to results undreamt of by any Pankhurst or Kenney. I support the Pankhursts in order that there may be no more Pankhursts. At the same time I am much interested to observe the essential tameness and commonness of their minds. The militants have done much to emancipate other women, but nothing 10 emancipate themselves. One great illustration of this is their deep reverence for man-made morality. They have been subtle enough to discover that laws are man-made; hence they denounce the law. But they are too simple to perceive that morality is also man-made. Miss Pankhurst imagines that "morality" is something established by "Nature," like the laws of physiology. She has not an inkling that "morality" is merely an ingenious device of male priests and woman-hating ascetics to keep women in their place. In the "Suffragette" of August 15th there is a most amusing article by Miss Pankhurst. She is dreadfully afraid that a cure for syphilis may have been discovered. The terrible thought presents itself to the mind of Miss Pankhurst that if salvarson proves a success, it will then be possible to "sin in safety." Miss Pankhurst consoles herself with the reflection that "Nature has willed that there should be no way of escape from this scourge except one, and that one the way of purity." Still she is evidently very ill at ease, and it will be a great relief to her if it turns out after all that it is not yet possible to "sin in safety." I fear, however, that Miss Pankhurst is doomed to disappointment sooner or later. Cures are now being found for almost all diseases. Ague and the plague, which were once the terror of everybody, are now unknown. Once, every second person was marked with small-pox; to-day we are surprised to meet with such marks. Diphtheria and tuberculosis will soon have been annihilated, and doctors are getting very hopeful about cancer. It is hardly likely that any Venereal disease will remain incurable, or even difficult to cure. In all probability they will be as obsolete as ague in two hundred years. An interesting precedent is theatre going. The theatre was bitterly assailed by our ancestors all over Europe, and their great excuse was that it spread the plague. In 1575 the Corporation of London absolutely prohibited the theatre, and alleged that as a reason. In 1577 the Rev. T. Willcockfi preached a sermon at St. Paul's Cross in a style remarkably like that of Miss Pankhurst. He said: "I understand plays are now forbidden because of the plague. I like the policy well, if it hold still; for a disease is but botched or patched up that is not cured in the cause; and the cause of plague is sin, if you look to it well; and the cause of sin are plays; therefore the cause of plague are plays." Yet to-day the plague is forgotten, and the wicked theatre-goer is able to "sin in safety." It may console Miss Pankhurst to reflect that all progress consists of increase in sin. There is not a single elegance or refinement of life which our ancestors did not denounce as a sin. I have mentioned the theatre, which the Puritans in England, and the Pope in Continental Europe, made every effort to exterminate. Within our own times pious people have been horrified at novel-reading and dancing. Many attempts have been made to suppress music and poetry. Music is still a sin among Mahomedans. Plaio wanted to prohibit music and poetry, and even the luxurious Ovid regarded music wiih suspicion. All such things were, of course, abominations 1o the Puritans. For instance, in 1579 Stephen Gosson published a book called "The School of Abuse, containing a Plesaunt Invective against Poets, Pipers, Plaiers, Jesters, and such-like Caterpillars of a Commonwealth." Probably the most genuine reform of our time is the cutting down of the birth-rate; yet this has everywhere been assailed by priests and moralists as a sin. Contraceptives have been bitterly denounced because they enable people to enjoy themselves and yet escape the misery of having too large families. There is not a thing worth having in life which has not been abhorred as a sin. I would also point out in passing that Miss Pankhurst and persons of her temperament greatly exaggerate the risk of venereal disease. These diseases, like all others, are far more dangerous to some persons than others. Whooping-cough is a deadly scourge to many people; to others it is a trivial complaint; others, like myself, never take it although often exposed to it. It is exactly the same with the venereal diseases. Many women pass their whole lives in prostitution, and remain strong, healthy, and beautiful. The life of Ninon de Lenclos is well known. She was a prostitute till nearly seventy years of age; then she retired and kept a salon, which was frequented by the royalty and aristocracy of France. Ninon lived in an age when syphilis was a greater scourge than it is to-day; yet she retained her youth and beauty longer than any other woman mentioned in history. She died at the age of ninety. Excitable persons also make a much greater fuss about the miseries of prostitutes than about those of many other people who suffer quite as much. All observers are agreed that nothing will induce a prostitute to become a wage slave. Most of them have tried it. Sometimes prostitutes marry, but they are very hard to please. I remember a very honest and industrious carpenter who married a prostitute, but she soon left him, explaining to her friends that she could not live with a man who picked his teeth with his fork. One of the most vivid pictures ever drawn of the life of a prostitute is to be found in "My Century Plant," by Lois Waisbrooker. Mrs. Waisbrooker was a pioneer of the American woman suffrage movement, but she soon got disgusted with the prudish crowd, and spent the rest of her long life studying the sex question. She got confidential letters from innumerable people, and at the age of seventy she published one of the most remarkable collections in the world of real information about the facts of sexual life. One of her correspondents was a lady who had spent some time in a house of prostitution in order to earn money for her aged parents, and she described her experience as follows: "I found the devil not half as black as he had been painted. Instead of coarse, brutal men I found the gay, the polished and the cultured, all kind, and seemingly loving. I was petted, flattered, caressed, and, as I am telling all, there I first learned what it is to be a woman. I had lived three years with a husband, and afterwards had a lover for about two years, but "I waked up all over, and gained the health that had not been mine since marrying. Had there been nothing to complain of but the sexual life I could have remained there contented at that time. But there was too much wine, and nobody was living their best. There was no high aspiration to make anything of life but a pleasure. It was no longer the lion I feared, but the ass that I despised—so I packed trunks and went back to the shop as the least of two evils." I think people like Miss Christabel Pankhurst would be wise if they said a little more about wage slavery and a little less about white slavery. R. B. Kerr. THE DANGERS OF MARRIAGE. Madam, I am sorry to trouble you so soon again, but I feel that I must take back some of the harsh things I lately wrote you about Miss Christabel Pankhurst. She is really developing wonderfully ; her stay in France is doing her great good. We have always been accustomed to think of her as a heroic but somewhat tedious Joan of Arc. Now she is fast developing into a delightful female Rabelais. There is no one else we can quite compare her with, for the spiciest pieces of Llautus have come down to us in very incomplete form. Ovid and Boccaccio have a certain delicacy which hesitates to mention many things. Unfortunately, Miss Pankhurst has not Rabelais' enormous fun and capacity for laughter. Rabelais would have sniggered immensely while quoting the opinions of a number of eminent doctors, but Miss Pankhurst can do it without a smile. I fear the readers of "The Suffragette" are too innocent to enjoy Miss Pankhurst thoroughly. She is one of those authors who are best appreciated by the most initiated. By far the most delightful thing Miss Pankhurst has yet done is her article on "Chastity and the Health of Men," in "The Suffragette" of September 5th. In that article she informs us that "Nature has supplied an innocent means of relief for men," and she tells us quite clearly what means she refers to. One is glad to know that Miss Pankhurst thinks that men need a means of relief. The Christian church and the moralists of all nations have been fighting that idea for ages; so most men will be very thankful to Miss Pankhurst for her broad and charitable views. Miss Pankhurst does not give a very full description of the "innocent means of relief" she recommends; she merely informs us that it consists of "an involuntary emission during sleep." I may explain that this emission is always accompanied by intensely voluptuous dreams, which are of an extremely Pagan character. Good young men, I understand, have particularly shocking dreams. Hitherto most men have been rather ashamed of such dreams, and many have suffered perfect agonies of soul on account of them. It will be delightful to them to be assured by Miss Pankhurst that they have never been wicked sinners after all. I fear, however, that there are many men who could never be content with the means of happiness recommended by Miss Pankhurst. That was absolutely proved by the Early Christian ascetics. They believed that unchastity was the most awful of sins, and that it inevitably hurled them into the depths of hell. They believed they were surrounded by devils, luring them on to unchastity. To overcome these temptings, they went for days without food, or lived on some vegetable almost devoid of nourishment. They fled to the desert, and lived for many vears without ever seeing a woman. But in a number of cases it was all in vain. Many were constantly falling. Origen castrated himself, in despair of otherwise remaining chaste. St. Augustine was the son of a holy mother, St. Monica, and from earliest childhood he was brought up in the fear of hell, and a belief in the awfulness of sin. He prayed and struggled, but could not resist unchastity. "Make me chaste—but not yet," was his cry to God. It was only at the age of thirty-three that he was able, after twenty years of dissipation, to control his desires. Luther had a large experience in the confessional, in addition to his own experience. He wrote a book, "On the Marriage State," in which he expressed himself as follows: "So little as it stands in my power that I should not have the form of a man, so little is it in my power to remain without a woman. Further, so little as it stands in your power that you should not have the form of a woman, so little is it possible for you to remain without a man. Since this is not a matter of free will or advice, but a necessary natural thing: what is man must have a woman, what is woman a man." It is impossible to make sweeping assertions on such a subject for men and women vary infinitely. It is evident, however from the above facts that the doctors quoted by Miss Pankhurst have not read much history. R. B. Kerr. SALVATIONISM. Madam, May I briefly reply to your correspondent "Tiens Ferme"? First let me say that I never use the terms Ladies or Gentlemen. Then for " Tiens Ferme " to say that Freewomen are born not made is not very encouraging. Is it not possible that some of them might have evolved from the many movements that attract the intelligent woman? Women everywhere are educating themselves to-day, and are breaking down superstition and prejudice and raising themselves above the mental standard they were born in. I apologise for using the familiar and vulgar word, friend. I did not realise that I was addressing one of the Intellectuals or I would have been mere respectful. Twice the Editor is held up as an authority, and a formidable one at that. I am sure that she must be amused. I remember that she has also dealt with other things referred to in this letter. She wrote on Agriculture versus the Machine, she has dealt with Thrift and Pauperism in a general way and has shown some contempt for authorities and leaders, but I do not think that she ever advocated the land for the men and house-work for the women. It is suggested that the healthy should be pitied. I do pity them; they work too willingly, and think too little. While they are strong, nothing matters so long as they have the right to work and the right to live. Perhaps if they were less willing to keep the useless, things would be easier for the unhealthy. They might 9ee that it would be better to do away with the system of capitalism than keep killing off its victims. It would be a very unpleasant thing to do away with the unhealthy, and there is no need to fear that there will be any attempt to do it. If I failed to give reasons for some statements it was because I thought that it was generally known that the prominent women in The New Freewoman were suffragettes in the early days of the militant movement. What has happened before may happen again, and there is reason that it should, considering that The New Freewoman is known to excite some antagonism in that quarter. I have forfeited a good deal by being a rebel, but I have much satisfaction in knowing that I have fought a little and have suffered in the fight. Rebels get a poor living, but so do domestic servants, especially when they happen to be both. R. G. THE HOUSE OF MY FRIENDS. Madam, Allow me to congratulate you. The note struck by Mr. Kanffmann in his essay, "The House of my Friends," is one for which I have long waited. I speak for a great number of my cpuntrymen when I say that we have long feared the influence of older culture. We fear the incursions of European knowledge. Our local institutions are menaced. Our local language, the Pennsylvania Dietch, is in danger of extinction, and the true patriots have been forced to preserve its body in a dictionary. We must consider the danger to which local feeling is exposed when all the villiages speak a language of general civilisation and one in which literature already exists. If we are to allow the circulation of a common tongue, one in which foreign books are constantly being published, will it not finally destroy that spirit of intolerance which has long kept virgin the plains of Indiana and the mountains of Vermont; that spirit of intolerance against which such aethists as Flaubert, Tourgenev, and Galdos have broken themselves in vain. If foreign literature is permitted to enter the country what will, become of the Schwenckfveldter faith? What more effective barrier to the circulation of dangerous ideas than to have our local language, as Mr. Kanffmann suggests? If each State is permitted to use a local phonetic, if the King's English, that relic of a faded and over-cultured society, can only be prohibited, if each locality can only be given up to its local idiom, we shall soon see an end of this pernicious traffic of ideas and of the subversive arts, of painting, and of effigy (both contrary to the Mosaic law). We shall see the re-establishment of a peasantry such as shall again make possible an age af faith. And above all we shall gain that true provincialism, that oscuro-inchiaro without which we cannot wholly prevent ourselves from the effects of foreign thought and discovery. The first step is the establishment of the Murhkn langwidg with its own patentud fonetick, protectud by the gulorious staars and stripes. Deidtriscii Pheffenschneeder. P.S.—For the benefit of ignorant Europeans, let me remind the reader that there already exist in America a vast number of dialects or languages, and that the only obstacle to a complete segregation of local intolerance would be swept gloriously away by the banishment of the perniciously uniform orthography now in use. AN AMERICAN COMMENT. Madam, In America there is no Freewoman, nor anything comparable with it. Here Feminism seems to have developed along the lines of Suffragism only, and strict adherence to a single "ism" usually engenders narrowness. But the lack of such an exponent of broad feminine enfranchisement is mitigated bv the courage and frankness of "Harper's Weekly," under the editorship of Norman Hapgood. This regenerated and rejuvenated publication is opening its columns to articles that deal with the profoundest problems of sex aand treat them rationally, and the editor has just published a statement that the policy of the periodical will not be determined by the supposed needs of the fourteen-year-old girl. From time immemorial we have kept all literature and art down to the level of what the most conservative people think the "young girl" should be permitted to read, hear and see; and we have all stupidly acquiesced in this intellectual emasculation, quite regardless of the fact that the average girl at that period of life cannot be hired, cajoled, or driven to read any literature that deals with the social problem. It is time that we broke away from the leading strings of an imaginary and fictitious requirement, and Mr. Hapgood's declaration of independence is most refreshingly welcome. No person who realises the significance of having this influential magazine as an open forum for the expression of ideas which in so many editorial sanctums are taboo can afford to be ignorant of its work. Somewhat as a delicious surprise, it must be confessed, to some of us who, having no faith in political action and holding the electoral privilege in low esteem, have always looked upon woman's struggle for the franchise as misdirected enregy, comes the courageous stand of Mrs. Stanton Blatch upon the morality of certain plays that deal with the sex problem and the so-called social evil. In New York recently a couple of plays ("The Lurre" and "The Fight," both containing scenes from a house of prostitution) have been denounced as immoral by the police, and the managers haled into court, where the magistrate, who had witnessed performances of the plays, expressed a similar view. The pieces were temporarily suppressed, pending action by the grand jury, to which the charges were referred; but before that body had passed upon them, both plays were remodelled, expurgated, etc., to such an extent that the police withdrew their objection and permitted performances to be resumed. Bavard Veiller, author of "The Fight," admits that he has butchered his play, but avers that he could not avoid doing it if he complied with the requirements of the police department. Now the brothel scenes have been eliminated from both plays, and these scenes are what gave offence to the police and others who condemned such theatrical performances as immoral. In the meantime a special performance of "The Lure" was given to the newspaper men and their friends, who filled the theatre. After the performance the leading man in the cast asked for a rising vote from the audience as to whether the play taught a wholesome moral lesson and would be a warning to young girls who might witness it. The news columns of the papers stated that ninety-eight per cent, of the audience rose in the affirmative. When an expression of opinion of the women alone was asked for, all but two of those present voted the play safe and salutary. Then Mrs. Blatch, who was among the guests, made a strong speech in favour of the play, stating that it would serve to warn innocent girls of the dangers that lurk in their path and to familiarise them with facts which they only too rarely have the opportunity to learn from any other reliable and friendly source. Now, the significant feature of the affair is that, in spite of this almost unanimous personal approval of the newspaper writers of the city, the play continues to get practically universal condemnation in the editorial columns of the daily press. This is the most glaring and unscrupulous exhibition of hypocrisy that New Yorkers have had the privilege of witnessing. That all motion picture films and most theatrical performances are kept down to the intelligence of children, and especially, as intimated above, to the supposed moral erquirements of the young girl, has long been a matter of common knowledge; but many of us have suspected that it was because -of the low order of intelligence of the managers themselves and that some of them, at least, and many editors, honestly believed that nobody was capable of understanding anything more stimulating to the mind or wanted anything requiring more intellectuai effort for its comprehension than the inane and stupid rot that is served to the patrons of such places of alleged amusement. Now, however, the truth is laid bare, and we know that practically every editorial writer on the daily press— in New York, at any rate—privately believes in the efficacy and wisdom of free expression on the stage, yet publicly advocates the suppression of such plays as attempt to discuss a question that is of paramount importance to all human beings, and to young girls in particular. Of course the explanation is that the managers of the newspapers fear the disapproval of the conservative element among their patrons. But the avalanche of letters, condemning the suppression of such plays, which the newspapers have received from the public, many of which letters have been printed among a few of the opposite kind, forces the conviction that the aforesaid conservative element is no longer of such overwhelming proportions. I is notoriously true that people continue to fear dangers that no longer menace them, and this is no less emphatically the case with the power of public opinion. The way to test the strength of reactionary opposition is to defy it, to smoke it out; and, when this is done, it is often discovered that we have been fearing a phantom—a force that may once have been real and threatening but which has vanished. But the citadel of conservatism has been reinforced by Professor Hugo Muensterberg, of Harvard I'niversity, who comes forward in an article in a Sunday newspaper, lending the power of his scientific psychology to the conspiracy of silence, strongly buttressing with cool logic the theory that ignorance is safety. While admitting that the so-called brothel play might give young girls an effective warning against the danger of falling into the hands of the "white slavers," Professor Muensterberg maintains that that is a negligible danger, since the forcible detention of unwilling victims of cadets and procuresses is so rare as to constitute an insignificant proportion of the cases of the downfall of women. He further contends that, since plays in which brothel scenes occur can act as a prophylactic against that form of social disease only in which criminal methods are resorted to, to offer them as a form of instruction in sexual matters so as to protect youth against sexual mistakes in general is to commit a serious error, inasmuch as psychology shows us that the effect is just the opposite. In other words, the innocent youth of both sexes have their sex natures prematurely, unnecessarily, and morbidly aroused by witnessing such exhibitions and by reading such literature as the popular magazines are offering on that subject. He distinctly says that "instruction itself must become a source of stimulation, which unnecessarily creates the desire for improper conduct." There are no reliable statistics available either to prove or to disprove Professor Muensterberg's statement as to the prevalence of actual white slavery. Since we do really know of certain unquestionable cases that have been prosecuted in the courts, and of many unexplained disappearances of girls that point ominously to such a conclusion, people who are not blinded by abstract theories of psychology greatly fear that he underestimates the gravity of that phase of the problem. It must be admitted, on the other hand, that there is a great deal of loos? and hysterical talk about white slavery that applies that epithet to all means of recruiting the ranks of sex-working women, which means are in a great majority of cases noninvasive, even if not wholly irreprehensible. When women are actually abducted, detained against their will, and forced to labour for the profit of their abductors or anyone else, the crime is second only to murder, and measures for its prevention and punishment should be as effective and severe, in proportion, as those we employ in capital cases. If society is not adequately protected against such criminals, it should at once take proper steps to remedy the deficiency. The fatal flaw in Professor Mueiwerberg's logic, however, is that he apparently assumes that girls and boys have, outside of literature, the drama, and horn instruction, no means of acquiring sexual knowledge. Now the main contention of those advocates (whom the Professor so vigorously assails) of early and complete instruction in all that pertains to the relations of the sexes is that all children sooner or later learn these things from their associates; that the information thus obtained is usually distorted, exaggerated, unreliable, and misleading; and, finally, that, being supposedly taboo and obtained surreptitiously, it inevitably arouses curiosity, stimulates interest in the matter, and morbidly excites the latent instincts of sex. This consideration is real and vital, and, in ignoring it, Professor Muensterberg permits his main argument to be irremediably vitiated. Finallv, his article, which is directed against all open discussion of such matters, is published in a family newspaper that goes into thousands of homes—a newspaper, moreover, whose patrons have come to regard as excluding all matter its virtuous editors consider not "fit to print"—thus completely ignoring his main thesis and wantonly violating his own precepts. Can one trust the sincerity of even this self-styled "conscientious psychologist "? To my old friend Tucker's playful anticipations, I can only say, Why not? It is not so very long since certain Paris and New York newspapers contained such advertisements—veiled, it is true, but very thinly. And I am not at all sure that that method of publicity is even now wholly suppressed. I cannot be shamed into preferring hypocrisy to frankness. I note that Floyd Dell's "Women as World Builders" is receiving some appreciative comment on this side of the water. Clarence Lee Swartz. — Note. — EDITORIAL. Letters, &amp;c, intended for the Editor should be personally addressed : Ainsdale, England. PUBLICATION. All business communications relative to the publication of The New Freewoman should be addressed, and all cheques, postal and money orders, &amp;c, made payable to The New Freewoman Ltd., Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C., and should be crossed " Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch." Terms of Subscription.—Yearly, 14/- (U.S.A. 3 dollars 50 cents); Six Months, 7/- (U.S.A., 1 dollar 75 cents); Three Months, 3/6 (U.S.A., 90 cents). Single Copies 7d., post free to any address in the Postal Union. ADVERTISEMENTS. All orders, letters, &amp;c, concerning advertisements should be addressed to the Advertisement Manager, The New Freewoman, Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. Poetry A Magazine of Verse. Endeavours to publish the best poems now written in English ; Reviews and discusses new books and verse: Promotes in every possible way the interests of the art. If you believe that this art, like painting, sculpture, music, and architecture, requires and deserves public recognition and support, subscribe. POETRY, 543, Cass Street, Chicago, U.S.A. Send Poetry for one year (Si.50 enclosed) beginning_to Name_____________ Address___ THE Canzoni of Arnaut Daniel Translated by EZRA POUND. With text and an introduction by him and fac similes of the original music and transpositions made by Walter Morse Rummel. A limited edition. Write for prospectus. THE RALPH FLETCHER SEYMOUR CO., Publishers, 1025 Fine Art Bldg. Chicago, U.S.A. ---1 The Divine Mystery. A READING in the History of Christianity down to the Time of Christ. By ALLEN UPWARD, AUTHOR of THE NEW WORD. The author's New Word is the only work on science and religion that has ever been accepted by both sides. In the present volume the history of religion is presented as the history of science. The story of the Virgin Mother, though only an episode in the narration, will be read with especial interest by reformers of the relation between the sexes. Garden City Press, Letchworth. Price 10s. 6d. // is requested that the work may be ordered through a Bookseller. READERS of the New Freewoman are asked to become SUBSCRIBERS. This is the most effectual way of helping the Paper. SUBSCRIPTIONS must be sent to Miss HARRIET SHAW WEAVER, Oakley House Bloomsbury Street, London, W.G. All Cheques, Money Orders and Postal Orders should be crossed "Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch," and made payable to The New Freewoman Ltd. For Terms of Subscription see page 179.