The Egoist , made Published Monthly The Egoist No. 7.—Vol. IV. AUGUST 1917. Sixpence. Editor: HARRIET SHAW WEAVER Assistant Editor: T. S. ELIOT Contributing Editor: Dora Marsden CONTENTS PAGE Lingual Psychology—XI. A Theory of Knowledge: Part I. By D. Marsden.....97 From a Castle in Ireland. By Arthur Symons . . 102 The Noh and the Image. By T. S. Eliot . . .102 Arnold Dolmetsoh. By Ezra Pound .... 104 PAGE Battle-field. By Richard Aldington .... 105 Passing Paris. By Madame Ciolkowska . . . 105 Serial Story—Tarr. By Wyndham Lewis . . . 106 Miss Zoe. By A. Huxley......109 The Unseen Attendant. By B. Durak . . .110 Correspondence . . . ... . .110 XI. A THEORY OF KNOWLEDGE PARTI By D. Marsden I (1) WHEN we seek to assess the value of any new synthesis we turn to the wealth (or dearth) of corollaries which can be shown to be explicit in it and to the manner in which these affect and transform related problems. Now when we apply a test of this kind to the theory that language plays a rôle which is spiritually and intellectually creative, and, inasmuch as it does, gives birth to all intellectual phenomena, we find that its implications are so vast that they affect not only every speculation of philosophy and science, but the underlying conceptions of philosophy and science themselves. Inevitably so, since there can be no species of inquiry into which intellect does not enter. Inquiry itself as well as specific forms of inquiry would therefore demand reinterpretation in face of it. Were existing interpretations above reproach this would indeed be a dubious benefit. That they are not so, however, the accepted "mysteriousness" of existence is adequate testimony. In all cases, existing interpretations fork out into dilemmas, and it is just at the juncture where they prove most wayward that the consequences of the synthesis proposed would most pertinently bear. (2) We have already shown how this theory throws light upon causative action, and consequently upon those practical constructive activities which spring directly from it; also in a consideration of the soul we have shown how the theory affects certain more vaguely apprehended aspects of our conceptual and imaginative life; while later we hope to show how the complex conceptions called memory and will are reduced by it to more basic elements. But the theory's transforming power is most strikingly shown in the manner in which it bears upon the mystery of the intellect and the processes of knowledge bound up with intellect. In this regard not only does the theory seem to promise a contradiction-proof theory of knowledge by rendering reality, truth, error, opinion, and belief strictly definable, but it shows on what grounds our entire conception is in need of reformation. Not only so, but it further shows the direction which a reformed conception would take. (3) The problem of knowledge is notoriously thorny. So much indeed have the difficulties of the subject seemed to overtax the capacities of the intellect that certain modern attempts to furnish a satisfying theory have taken the line that the intellect is inherently incapable of dealing with them; while psychology—whose major problem it is—has unceremoniously excluded their consideration from its province and has left it to metaphysics to supply a harbourage: in which twilight sanctuary the subject has been regarded as a toy for the philosopher or a jest for science. (4) Nevertheless, no other philosophic question has quite the vitality of this one, and in regard to it, one hypothesis rapidly succeeds another. Within the limits of this century almost—young as it is—the theories associated with the names of James and Bergson have claimed and received a hearing. A sense of genuine urgency appears to be forcing this question before all others to a decisive issue. This growing sense of urgency springs not only from a steadily increasing conviction that the type of knowledge which objective science offers falls short of supplying intellectual satisfaction, but also from a slow apprehension of the fact that the body of scientific knowledge instead of giving increased steadiness to the whole by its accretions, tends rather towards a more accentuated state of inequilibrium. More and more does the entire edifice, coherent locally as it is, yet seem destitute of basis, and efforts to pierce down to an intellectually satisfying foundation only serve to emphasize the fact that the structure, like the prophet's coffin, is suspended in mid-air without any logical—not to say visible—means of support. (5) There is abroad then an inarticulate apprehen- ##98 sion that objective science is being driven to undertake some kind of stocktaking as to the meaning of its efforts. We have grown familiar with this kind of attitude in relation to philosophy: an attitude which usually expresses itself in the assertion that philosophy must transform itself into a science. It will now, we believe, become necessary to familiarize ourselves with the demand that objective science shall get itself a sound, logically presentable basis: a desirable end which will be reached only when scientists have squarely faced the import which the problem of knowledge has for science, and have set about regulating science's procedure in accordance. For these reasons, to name no others, knowledge and its characteristics have entered the realm of questions which are practical, and in that sense demand solution. (6) For those readers who have followed the partial enunciation already given of our conception of philosophy, the main features of the theory of knowledge implicit in it, and the rôle which it allocates to the intellect, will already be fairly clear. All knowledge, whether we are considering it item by item or in bulk, is the product of the intellect. It is created by submitting sensory images to the intellectual processes, and the ordinary power of the intellect inasmuch as it is competent to create a "known" image will, when rightly applied, be competent to unravel knowledge's general character as well as its detailed processes. On the other hand, the phenomenon called intellect is itself not a simple—that is to say, a fundamental—affair. The intellect represents a complex activity which is capable of being described in terms of simpler elements, and by an explanation of the intellect nothing more is meant than just its reduction to these more elemental terms. (7) These latter we shall here indicate under a threefold division in which the first two will comprise certain broad, deep-seated characteristics of the vital stream common to all forms of life, intellectual or other; while the third is an innovating element springing directly from a modification of physical structure which has appeared only as recently as Man. Tabulated, the three operating factors of the intellect stand thus: 1. The efflorescent power of life-forms and its characteristics. 2. The adjustatory power of life-forms and its characteristics. 3. Life's newly emerged power to create symbols, and by the employment of these a consequent power to effect an ingenious exploitation of the preceding two. Of these three factors we shall consider the first only in any detail: this because the second is largely implicated in the first, while the third has already been treated of in other connexions. II (8) By the efflorescent characteristic of life we indicate the fact that the vital stream, as this embodies itself in specific life-forms, invariably "blossoms" into imagery which we describe as sensory. So inevitable is this sensory blooming that we might indeed define a life-form as a body which exercises just this function. The images are described as sensory because they spring, as from a root, from the senses—that is to say, from the systems into which every life-form or self is organized upon its outer surface. (9) Because they so spring all such imagery is fashioned in strict accordance with the character of the surface-organization of the body apprehensive of it. Inasmuch as this organization varies, the characteristics of the imagery vary. If it comprises a single uniform system the sense-images will be limited to a single corresponding pattern. If, for instance, the surface-organization of the vital body be of this low grade, its sense-imagery will be made up of diffused elemental images of touch merely. If, on the other hand, it comprises several differing systems, the sensory images will be numerous and varied in accordance. If on the body's surface there is an eye, an ear, a nose, a mouth, and a general surface of varying sensibility as there is in all the higher animals, including Man, the sensory garden will have a wealth and richness of flowering proportionate to these same. And if, moreover, such a highly endowed life-form become interested—as Man has become— in the source and origin of the imagery enfolding him, and probes into the structure of his own sense-organs, he will be able to detect there the principles upon which these produce their effects; and if he accentuates these principles still further, as he does by making and applying what he calls instruments, he will be able to increase his sensory productivity in noteworthy measure; a microscope or a telescope will supply the instance. (10) Instruments then are just accentuations of the organized sense-systems situated upon the human body's surface. Essentially the sense-organs and their appropriate instruments form one single indivisible unit. A sense-organ plus its appropriate instrument is precisely that same sense enlarged, and the effect of the two in conjunction is simply an intensified efflorescent wealth of the sensory garden: which garden, thus originated, is itself no other than the external world. Of every aspect, therefore, of which the world is possessed it is so in virtue of the sensory organization of the living unit which is conscious of it. Any study of any of the world's aspects is nothing other than the study of the properties of the student's own sense-organs. (11) We have just now claimed instruments to be an integral part of the sense-organs they assist. Now instruments take so important a place in modern science that the latter is recognized as resolving itself into a study of the properties of its instruments. A great mathematician, for instance—the late Henri Poincaré—has thus defined the province of geometry: " Faire de la géométrie c'est étudier les propriétés de nos instruments," and the remark might well be extended to the other sciences. But if, as we hold, the instrument makes one with the sense-organ it assists, then modern science will be more accurately described as the study of the characteristics of the vital mechanism as. this shapes itself in the sense-organs of the scientists themselves. Hence, in order to reverse an entrenched and scientifically unquestioned tendency of our mental habits, we have described the effects—the world in short—under which these same sensory-characteristics exhibit themselves as the senses' efflorescence. (12) Accordingly to such a view of its function science will have as many branches as the sensory world has qualities. These qualities will necessarily be limited by the number of sense-organs we possess, but they will, no doubt, seem more numerous because they can exist as complex effects of two or more of the said senses. There will thus be sciences connected with the sense-organs responsible for images' spatial and temporal qualities, with those responsible for their qualities of form, colour, and number, their audibility, temperature, movement, and the like: a goodly number, all growing vastly in intricacy and subtlety as the quality of the instruments by which the raw senses are reinforced is raised. (13) From this point onwards let us be understood to speak rather of the activities of scientists than of science. At present these activities are concerned with marking down out of the welter of qualitative differences observable in the "world" one aspect only. The scientist has noted—as has every one else—that this flowering of the senses does not, like the flowering of an ordinary garden, offer a static effect. The panorama does not take body and then petrify and remain. The "show" moves incessantly. One composite exhibit dissolves perpetually into another, and the observer—the scientist himself —whose own structure has endowed the scene with its every detail, looks on at the changing scene—a mightily interested spectator. For he is not unmoved by it. It is not all one to him what this dissolving landscape shall dissolve into. Its every detail indeed is fraught for him with significance: and by that we mean that its every detail must receive a retort from him upon its character in the shape of a deflection: an adjustment: a reactionary movement contributed by his own body. What specific form this retort will take will depend upon its relation to the body's own well-being. Necessarily so, since judged as it is solely by this relationship many images are inimical and require either to be converted in form or excluded. Others again are advantageous and require to be encouraged and prolonged. Hence to these adjustatory bodily motions attaches the term significance. They represent what the sensory image means, in terms of its own spontaneous movements, for the organism. Into every image which exists for sense this significance enters. (14) What proportion of the total sensory effect belongs to the adjustment, and what to the spatialized factor, it is exceedingly difficult to say. It is certain that the share due to the former is very large: far larger probably than we ordinarily assume. We do indeed possess a basis of calculation as to its amount in our power to enact the imaginary (i.e. adjustatory) image independently of the sensory image related to it, though calculation remains difficult in the present conditions for observation owing to the highly varying degrees of similitude which the imaginary form bears to the sensory on different occasions. It seems indeed that when likeness between the two is at its highest the two varieties actually coalesce. Take, for instance, images of contact. On the imaginary plane most of us have experienced the sense of contact and felt the sharp pang of pain which ensues when we almost run into a solid object. Instances are said to exist in which such pains persist for days. We can hear of cases, too, where men actually die of diseases they do not possess, but which they have been led to imagine they possessed. With imaginary odours, also, similitude can be very great. An image of a scent connected with a remembered scene will waft across one with a force and distinction very difficult indeed to differentiate from the actual. And so with other senses. (15) The explanation perhaps is that at the crucial moment when the inner movements actually adjust themselves to a spatialized image the dividing-line is obliterated so that the essential meaning of adjustment is that the inner movements actually join on to the outer end to end in a cone-like arrangement, and in that coincident position assume control of them and deflect them in the organism's interest. This is, of course, in the cases where the sensory image to which the adjustment is appropriate is actually present. In such circumstances, the adjustatory movements are naturally stimulated to the utmost. Where, however, there is only a symbolic stimulus, and the adjustative movements form an imaginary image pure and simple, it is only rarely, comparatively speaking, that adjustments can re-enact themselves so utterly and completely. When this actually does happen, it is either for the briefest moment of time only, or it is when the enactment has taken place under highly agitating attendant circumstances and the nerves and muscles are overstrung and have lost temporarily their perfect resilience and hence their exquisite balance. An extreme case is furnished in the nerve-damaged condition of a person who suffers from hallucination. The nerves are unable to show that normal swiftness of recovery which means everything for the well-being of the organism. It seems, then, probable that the overexaggerated idea relative to the differences in kind between the sensory and imaginary images is referable to the gap caused by the normal incompleteness of the adjustment which is stimulated only by a symbol as compared with the wholly complete adjustment by which the sensory stimulus must be met. (16) The subject which we had entered upon (par. 13) prior to this digression upon the kinship of adjustatory images to their sensory counterparts was the arbitrary limitations which scientists have imposed on their own labours. To that we have now to return. That aspect of images to the study of which science limits itself is one of the observable sense-properties of images, like that of their shape, colour, or number. It is the property which pertains to the order in which the images succeed one another. This order is steady and uniform. In virtue of it a given image under given attendant conditions will be replaced by a strictly foretellable successor. Conversely, of an image which exists the conditions which have preceded it admit of being asserted with a like confidence. Nowhere is there caprice. The world-order is fixed. If in any field caprice seems to hold it is because science is at that point behindhand with its work. It is true that as observation is aided by instruments ever more and more precise the conditions supposedly representing this fixed antecedent quantum tend to shrink, but not, we are told, because the order is breaking, but because under more accurate observation the conditions supremely essential dissociate themselves from others mistakenly accounted essential, but actually irrelevant. (17) It is then to the marking down and the subsequent utilization of this steady order of succession that scientists confine themselves. They address this one question to sensory images: "What produces (or negates) what?" Their findings in this connexion they tender under the name of laws. Now in view of the inimicality for the organism of certain sensory images the command over the flow of imagery which results from these activities of science is exceedingly useful. They obviously invest the organism with power to interfere with and control the order of external events, and the relation of the organism to its enveloping imagery being that of one against the world, to know how to prevent or to enforce the appearance of the world-items presents Man with the power requisite if he is to maintain himself in the rôle of master in this single-handed contest. In proportion as the ingeniousness of instruments rolls back the boundaries of Man's external world the scientist does not fail to reduce all new-won territory to Man's control. It supports Man as master of an ever-widening world. Of objective science's utility within these limits no question can arise. (18) The objection which obtrudes itself upon philosophy and upon every scientist who is not merely one of science's journeymen is of another kind. It is this: Do these findings of science, useful and interesting as they are, constitute an answer to the question which all the while dwells at the back of the scientist's mind: the question which more than all else keeps his curiosity sharp and feeds that strong impulse towards satisfaction which renders him tireless? Does the scientist find himself planted in the way of arriving at that sort of intellectual satisfaction he actually desires, or does he not rather find himself in the position of one who has—almost unawares— become immersed in activities which are useful and interesting, but which serve, according to his temperament, either as an irritant or a soporific to that more fundamental interest? Is it only by accident that the scientist has found himself transformed into the world's hodman: or perhaps one should rather say, the world's foreman mechanic? This rôle of useful world-citizen is not quite that in which he set out and in which he for so long continued when, for instance, our forefathers had his kind put out of the ## way as far too curious to be safe. In the rôle of utility-man does he not feel himself somewhat diminished? This may, of course, be ignored as his mere vanity, but is there not involved something deeper than vanity? Is there any substance in the contention that the labour which the stating of antecedent conditions of external events involves leaves him no energy over with which to inquire into that bigger question which formed his original interest, i.e. What is that underlying antecedent fact which determines that these detailed uniformities shall obtain? What antecedent fact is it which fixes the fixity of events? Why do those precise conditions— which the scientist so interminably pursues—yield these results rather than others? What is the basis of the world's uniformity? And finally: Why is the world-order as wax under the human hand f We think there is very solid substance indeed, and that the scientist continues to be blind to the fact only because he is secretly buoyed up by the hope that if he slogs along conscientiously with his work, one day, suddenly, he will light upon the fact which will illumine this master-question. (19) In this hope he has been encouraged by the belief that already his labour had put in the fixed basis of knowledge's structure: a belief, however, in which he has been disappointed. The fixed bases which he had regarded as established for all time have crumbled and seem likely to become mere interesting survivals. In place of a harmonious edifice of knowledge systematically growing stronger and statelier, he has to face rather disintegration. His laws, neither of space nor of time, remain steady, and scientific speculation grown top-heavy with new additions shows strain and tilts ominously. In short, the pursuit of interesting irrelevancies, formerly so engaging in its promise of being able to lead to the desired goal, begins to be recognized as committed to a route which necessarily leads away from it. (20) It is not a mystery why this should be. The present condition of science is directly explainable from the fact that modern science assumed its existent bases haphazard. What we mean is this: the instrument which enables Man to obtain his scientific facts and which makes him, alone among organisms, a scientist is: the power of words. The labour of science is logical, root and branch. Its basis should, therefore, conform to logical principles. It should embody a sound logical division. But modern science did not at its start provide—nor has it since attempted to provide—knowledge with a logical basis. Had it done so, it would have become aware that the world plus the organism form one: a universe: an Ego; and if a competent logic differentiates them—as it will certainly require to do—it will do so after a pattern which will prevent this fact of their unity being lost sight of. As a consequence every subsequent item of knowledge, simple or complex, will by the form in which it is couched exhibit the fact of this unity. But science at its inception did not seek to make its basic classification logically sound. It simply looked out upon the total complex of sensory effects and fixed its attentions upon those which chanced to fascinate it most. These chanced to be those of astronomy: that is to say, the external world in its most accentuated external relation. Out of its observations in connexion with such imagery, it constructed the pillar designed to support all knowledge's later superstructure. Now by the character of its present findings scientists are being apprised of the fact that this pillar is not self-supporting, and if they are willing to grasp the significance of their own experience, they will see the necessity of submitting to a discipline which consists in bringing their minds back from the remote heavens and fixing them upon the characteristics of their own sensory organization and the sensory potency which acts outwards from the living body. (21) Hitherto the scientist has been altogether hypnotized by his own sensory effects. The "world" has been to him All. The world's form-giver: its observer: the scientist himself: he has furtively sidled into his accounts in the guise of a negligible cipher which, by a mysterious "somehow," has been privileged to sit at the show's centre and wonderingly look on. Like a simple and unspoilt child the scientist has looked out in excitement upon a scene, unconscious of what he himself was contributing to it. But with him as with a child a time comes when self-consciousness supervenes upon mere consciousness, and there are signs that that time is now. In short, in his future theories and speculations concerning the cosmic scheme the scientist is in the process of being compelled to place alongside the negative element—the world—of which alone he has hitherto taken account, the positive element which resides in his own sensory mechanism. He is being compelled to furnish himself with a theory of knowledge. III (22) We have gone at considerable length into the first, the efflorescent, element involved in the processes of intellect, tout we can pass over the second, the adjustatory, element much more quickly as some account of it has obviously been given in that of the first. (It is to be noted that both these characteristics are being regarded as composed of complex movements which produce the effect of images.) We have already referred to the vast display of sensory images in the case of organisms of complex sensory organization, but we have now to refer to this as grudging compared with the lavish output of adjustatory images, which are incomparably more numerous. That is their first characteristic difference. (23) We emphasized, too, the fact that in the succession of sensory images a full and fixed total of antecedent conditions had to be assembled before change—desired or undesired—took place. But with the adjustatory image, such exigency relative to antecedent conditions does not exist; on the contrary, so far from this being so, any single aspect of the antecedent conditions will cause one image to fructify into another. The second characteristic difference is that the conditions relative to the succession of one image upon another are widely different. (24) It is not difficult to suggest reasons for both these differences. The necessity for swift adjustment which the inimicality of many sensory images lays upon the organism results in a proneness and readiness to make ample response to an image at the barest suggestion of the image's advent. As far as adjustment is concerned, the organism prefers to take no risks; and it ensures itself against them at the cost of an incalculably high expenditure of energy in internal "unnecessary" adjustments. While the world's sensory details fall back upon the organism in their apparently independent multiplicity, the latter, acting over against this multiplicity as a unit and on this lavish scale, becomes literally personified movement. Its motile reactions are forthcoming for less than the changing of a breath. Now it appears that in the evolution of life activity brings its own reward, for it is precisely this proneness to respond to abbreviated sensory stimuli upon which the human organism has been able to seize in the production of its unique achievement—the intellect. (25) Which brings us to the innovating factor: the occasioning cause: of the intellectual process. In principle the latter is an exploitation of the economy of stimulus made possible by the over-readiness of the organism to furnish significant adjustments. The operative agency in the exploiting process we call a symbol, and the first characteristic of a symbol is that it accentuates abbreviation of stimulus to the utmost limit consonant with the securing of the desired responsive image. Its second characteristic ## is that the stimulus which it uses, abbreviated as it is, does not form part of the spatialized image whose adjustatory (or imaginary) image it desires to call up. It comprises rather an aspect artificially imposed upon the spatialized image, so that in the entire absence of the latter its adjustatory correspondent is always available. This artificial association is a prime essential of the symbol. By means of it the spatial relations originally existing between the stimulus and its adjustment are reversed, the seat of origin of the stimulus being completely changed: which brings us to the symbol's third characteristic, i.e. that whereas the original stimulus had its place in the world external to the organic structure, the symbolic stimulus originates directly from the organism itself. Stimulus and adjustment alike are thus situate in the same domain. (26) The stages by which these revolutionizing spatial reversals of stimuli are effected are as follows: They find their base in a modification of the human structure which enables Man to produce from witkin himself a replica—an imitation—of the vocal aspect of external phenomena. This organically reproduced replica is competent to produce the adjustment to the image as a whole, just as the genuine aspect of the image is. As, however, the distinctive vocal characteristics of external objects is strictly limited, while the organism's powers of producing deferentiations vocally are unlimited, the next stage is to superimpose an organically produced vocal label upon the external object. This is done by establishing an invariable conjunction between the appearance of the spatialized image and that of the artificial organically produced vocal form. By making the two inseparable in point of time, the sensory image and the artificial vocal form at length constitute an indivisable whole, and the latter—artificial as it is—nevertheless has become an integral part of the spatialized image. Hence, it is empowered to act as a partial aspect of that image and is competent upon production to assemble the organic adjustment to the spatialized image as a whole: that is, to produce the image's imaginary or conceptual counterpart. It is this vocal form which constitutes a word, and a word is preeminently a symbol: archetype of every variety of symbol. So are symbols comparable to fuses, exceedingly simple to make and use, innocuous, capable of being lit at the pleasure of the organism, yet competent to explode the whole mine of conceptual imagery. (27) The archetypes of all symbols are words. So: by means of words the external world is very adroitly and systematically divested of its monopoly in the production of the adjustative movements within the organism. Its conceptual counterparts are made contingent upon the most highly abbreviated vocal (or written) forms of stimulation, and these are organically controlled. They can assume form divorced from the exigeant and inexorable order of the world's flow and in an atmosphere of security and leisure: a fact of incalculable import in the experimental excursions of science. (28) What connexion does all this make with the processes of intellect? This: In the processes we have outlined we have shown how a new order of images—based upon but independent of the older sensory order—has established itself. Thus there are two orders. Between these two there exist various points of distinction, but their chief distinction resides in the order and the rate of flow under which their respective imagery changes. In the older order the flow is grudging, demanding its full price; in the new the flow is of an almost incredible swiftness because image yields to image upon the slenderest pretext. Both orders change and move, but the one only at the instance of standardized conditions; the other at the instance of conditions of which, in the symbol, the "very least possible" has been erected into a standard. (29) Accordingly, men apprehend something definite in relation to both these orders of change. They are aware that they can control the one by controlling the activity of their hands, and the other by controlling the play of their speech. The reins are thus held over both orders of images, and inasmuch as Man is intellectual he aims at interweaving the two. This precisely is the intellectual process: to overlay the one with the other in order to infect the older and slower-moving with the direction, and something of the speed, of the newer. And he finds he can. He finds that the two orders are related: that their differences are of degree rather than of kind. What the method is which he follows we have already indicated in speaking of the advent of causal activity. We have remarked that the scientist marks down any sensory feature to which he attaches import, but the significance of the remark will depend upon the meaning which we attach to the activity of marking down. What we mean by such phrases as to mark down, to take note of, to attend to, and the like, is to clamp a symbol upon the sensory aspect to which they relate. By so doing, all that is significant in the sensory image is rendered available for repetitive enactment in the conceptual sphere, so that the activities of the future may be mortgaged in its interests. Thus are new habits of reacting upon the sensory image furrowed in. (30) Now when the scientist has marked down any sensory phenomenon he has intellectualized it: woven it in with its conceptual counterpart. From having merely cognized the form he has re-cognized it, and rendered it subsequently recognizable; from its being merely sensed he has rendered it known. Hence: to define to know—" To know anything whatsoever is to be possessed of the symbol by means of which its conceptual image is created"; "An image is known as distinct from being sensed when at the moment of its enactment the experiencing organism is already in possession of the symbol by means of which its conceptual image is formed." (To be continued) NOTICE In the September number of The Egoist will appear the first of a series of six articles, "Elizabethan Classicists," by Mr. Ezra Pound. Mr. T. S. Eliot will write later on a series of articles on Elizabethan Drama. POETS' TRANSLATION SERIES 1. (Ready) The complete poems (25) of Anyte of Tegea, now brought together in English for the first time: translated by Richard Aldington. (8 pages) 2d. net (3d. post free). 2. (Ready) An entirely new version of the poems and new fragments, together with the more important of the old fragments, of Sappho: translated by Edward Storer. (12 pages) 4d. net (5d. post free). 3. (Ready) Choruses from the " Iphigenia in Aulis " of Euripides: translated by H. D. 6d. net (7d. post free). 4. (Ready) A choice of the Latin poetry of the Italian Renaissance, many now translated for the first time, by Richard Aldington. 4d. net (5d. post free). 5. (Ready) The Poems of Leonidas of Tarentum, now collected —and many translated for the first time in English—by James Whitall. 6d. net (7d. post free). 6. (Ready) The "Mosella " of Ausonius, translated by F. S. Flint. 6d. net (7d. post free). All the pamphlets—except the first—are twelve to twenty-eight pages long and cost 4d. or 6d. net; 5d. or 7d. post free. The series of six 2s. net post free. To be obtained from: The Egoist, Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, W.C. The Second Series is unavoidably postponed. FROM A CASTLE IN IRELAND By Arthur Symons IN the mysterious castle, lost among trees that start up suddenly around it, out of a land of green meadows and grey stones, where I have been so delightfully living through the difficult month of August, London, and books, and one's daily habits seem scarcely appreciable; too far away on the other side of this mountainous land enclosing one within the circle of its own magic. It is a castle of dreams, where, in the morning, I climb the winding staircase in the tower, creep through the secret passage, and find myself in the vast deserted room above the chapel, which is my retiring-room for meditation; or following the winding staircase, come out on the battlements, where I can look widely across Galway, to the hills. In the evening my host plays Vittoria and Palestrina on the organ, in the half darkness of the hall, and I wander between the pillars of black marble, hearing the many voices rising into the dome: Vittoria, the many lamentable human voices, crying on the sins of the world, the vanity of pleasant sins; Palestrina, an exultation and a triumph, in which the many voices of white souls go up ardently into heaven. In the afternoon we drive through a Strange land, which has the desolation of ancient and dwindling things; a grey land, into which human life comes rarely, and with a certain primitive savagery. As we drive seawards, the stone walls closing in the woods dwindle into low, roughly heaped hedges of unmortared stones, over which only an occasional cluster of trees lifts itself; and the trees strain wildly in the air, writhing away from the side of the sea, where the winds from the Atlantic have blown upon them, and transfixed them in an eternity of flight from an eternal flagellation.—-As far as one can see, as far as the blue, barren mountains which rise up against the horizon, there are these endless tracts of harsh meadowland, marked into squares by the stone hedges, and themselves heaped with rocks and stones, lying about like some grey fungus growth. Not a sign of human life is to be seen; at long intervals we pass a cabin, whitewashed, thatched roughly, with stopped-up windows, and a half-closed door, from behind which a grey-haired old woman will gaze at you with her steady, melancholy eyes. A few peasants pass on the road, moving sombrely, without speaking; the men, for the most part, touch their hats, without change of expression; the women, drawing their shawls about their faces, merely look at you, with a slow, scrutinizing air, more indMerent than curious. The women walk bare-footed, and with the admirable grace and straightness of all who go with bare feet. I remember, in the curve of a rocky field, some little way in from the road, seeing a young woman, wearing a blue bodice, a red petticoat, and a grey shawl, carrying a tin pail on her head, with that straight, flexible movement of the body, that slow and formal grace, of Eastern women who have carried pitchers from the well. Occasionally a fierce old man, on a horse, wearing the old costume, that odd, precise kind of dress-coat, passes you with a surly scowl; or a company of tinkers (the Irish gipsies, one might call them) trail past, huddled like crouching beasts on their little, rough, open carts, driving a herd of donkeys before them. As we get nearer the village by the sea, the cabins become larger and more frequent; and just before reaching it, we pass a ruined castle, impregnably built on a green mound, looking over the water to the quay, where the thin black masts of a few vessels rise motionless against the little whitewashed houses. The road goes down a steep hill, and turns sharply, in the midst of the grey village, with its thatched and ragged roofs. The doors all stand open, the upper windows are drawn half down, and from some of them I see a dishevelled dark head, the hair and eyes of a gipsy (one could well have fancied), looking down on the road and the passers-by. As the road rises again, we see the blue mountains, coming nearer to us, and the place where, one knows, is Galway Bay, lying too low for any flash of the waters. Now we are quite near the sea, and in front of the house we are to visit (you will hear all about it in M. Bourget's next nouvelle), a brown mass of colour comes suddenly into the dull green and grey of the fields, and one smells the seaweed lying there in the pools. I find all this bareness, greyness, monotony, solitude, at once primitive and fantastical, curiously attractive; giving just the same kind of relief from the fat luxurious English landscape that these gaunt, nervous, long-chinned peasants give from the red and rolling sleepiness of the English villager. And there is a quite national vivacity and variety of mood in the skies here, in the restless atmosphere, the humorous exaggerations of the sun and rain. To-day is a typical Irish day, soft, warm, grey, with intervals of rain and fine weather; I can see a sort of soft mist of rain, blown loosely about between the trees of the park, the clouds an almost luminous grey, the sun shining through them; at their darkest, scarcely darker than the Irish stone of which the castle is built. Driving, the other day, we passed a large pool among the rocks, in the midst of those meadows flowering with stones; the sky was black with the rain that was falling upon the hills, and the afternoon sun shone against the deep blackness of the sky, and the shadowed, blackness of the water. I have never seen such coloured darkness as this water; green passing into slate, slate into purple, purple into dead black. And it was all luminous, floating there in the harbour of the grass like a tideless sea. Then there is the infinite variety of the mountains, sloping in uneven lines around almost the whole horizon. They are as variable as the clouds, and, while you look at them, have changed from a purple darkness to a luminous and tender green, and then into a lifeless grey; and seem to float towards you and drift away from you, like the clouds. Among these solid and shifting things, in this castle which is at once so ancient a reality, and so essential a dream, I feel myself to be in some danger of loosening the tightness of my hold upon external things, of forgoing many delectable pleasures, of forgetting many things that I have passionately learnt in cities. If I lived here too long I should forget that I live in London and remember that I am a Cornishman. THE NOH AND THE IMAGE I HOPE that in a few years we shall have another edition of these plays,* an edition of Fenollosa's notes separately, and an edition of the plays separately. Then the importance of the plays as literature, and in their present translation as English literature, will be more evident. This edition is necessarily, and in the best sense, a textbook; it has, therefore, excited reviewers to dwell on its informative character, rather than on its intrinsic value: they have made the book appear a service to literature, like a good doctor's thesis, rather than as literature itself. Translation is valuable by a double power of fertilizing a literature: by importing new elements which may be assimilated, and by restoring the essentials which have been forgotten in traditional literary method. There occurs, in the process, a happy fusion between the spirit of the original and the mind of the translator; the result is not exoticism but rejuvenation. I have no direct knowledge of how much in these Noh plays is Noh, and how much * Noh, or Accomplishment. A Study of the Classical Stage of Japan. By Ernest Fenollosa and Ezra Pound. MacmUlan, 1916. 7s. 6d. net. ## is Fenollosa, and how much is Pound. But I think that I have found a test, which so far as it goes is trustworthy. I find that when the writing is most like Mr. Pound it also presents the appearance of being most faithful to the original. The first play, for instance, which is one of the least interesting, is the one which is most remote from the idiom of Mr. Pound. The Times, in a serious review of the book, found in the following passage a "not unpleasant reminder" of the Well of the Saints: Tsure. I say they were very fine prayers. I will not come back without a struggle. Shite. I've a sad heart to see you looking up to Buddha, you who left me alone, I diving in the black rivers of hell. Will soft prayers be a comfort to you? The semi-comic "fine," the infinitive after "I've a sad heart," and the Celtic present participle serve here only as a distraction. One feels that the original is not rendered because the translation is not English. I have no prejudice against the Irish drama, although I think that a large part of its popularity is due to tricks of idiom, just as I suspect that the reputation of Irish girls for beauty is due to their being called "colleens." But I should not read the Epistles of St. Paul in the language of Eobert Burns, and I prefer the Noh in English. And Mr. Pound has no need of these accessories, for when he translates into English (and the Irish lapses are only occasional) he not only produces very fine poetry, but seems to bring us much nearer to the Japanese. The ghosts of the dead lovers who were never united: Tangled, we are entangled. Whose fault was it, dear? tangled up as the grass patterns are tangled in this coarse cloth, or as the little Mushi that lives on and chirrups in dried seaweed. We do not know where are to-day our tears in the undergrowth of this eternal wilderness. We neither wake nor sleep, and passing our nights in a sorrow which is in the end a vision, what are these scenes of spring to us? this thinking in sleep of some one who has no thought of you, is it more than a dream? and yet surely it is the natural way of love. In our hearts there is much and in our bodies nothing, and we do nothing at all, and only the waters of the river of tears flow quickly. Here, I believe, has occurred that happy fusion of original and translator of which I spoke. And most of the translation is quite as good. Furthermore, I observe that although the Celtic suggestion is offensive, an occasional suggestion of Mr. Pound's other sources—of his Provençal mood, or his Anglo-Saxon mood—give rather an added charm. Anglo-Saxon, almost alliterative verse: There is nothing here but this cave in the field's midst. To-day's wind moves in the pines; A wild place, unlit, and unfilled. Slightly Provençal echo: "She whom I left in the city?" thought Narihira. But in the long tale, Monogatari. . . . But I set out to discuss the Noh and the Image. Mr. Pound remarks that the plays are at their best an image (p. 65), and therein consists their unity. But the unity of the image is surely the unity of Prometheus, if not to any great extent that of any other Greek drama; it is also the unity of certain cantos of Dante. The peculiarity of the Noh is that the focus of interest, and centre of construction, is the scene on the stage. In reading Hamlet, for instance, there is a perfectly clear image of a frosty night, at the beginning; in Macbeth there is a clear image of the castle at nightfall where the swallows breed. We imagine these, however, as they would be in reality; in reading the Noh, we have not so much help from our imagination, for the image we wish to form is the image on the stage. But in seeing the Noh, I imagine we have more help for our imagination. The note on "Awoi No Uye " tells us that Awoi, her struggles, sickness, and death are represented by a red, flowered kimono, folded once lengthwise, and laid at the front edge of the stage. The English stage is merely a substitute for the reality we imagine; but the red kimono is not a substitute in this sense; it is itself important. The more symbolical drama is, the more we need the actual stage. The European stage does not stimulate the imagination; the Japanese does. And as every gesture is of great importance, so we need to remember that the text is not the play. In general, we may say that the less "realistic" literature is, the more visual it must be. In reading Pride and Prejudice or The Wings of a Dove we hardly need to visualize at all; in reading Dante we need to visualize all the time. Dreams, to be real, must be seen. When we speak of the Noh as dreamlike, we do not imply any attenuation of emotion, nor imply that the emotions of dreams are essentially different from the emotions of waking. The emotions are very few, and are the same over all the world; love and battle are the themes of Noh; but the ways of approaching these emotions are diverse. The Japanese method is inverse to that with which we are familiar. The phantom-psychology of Orestes and Macbeth is as good as that of Awoi; but the method of making the ghost real is different. In the former cases the ghost is given in the mind of the possessed; in the latter case the mind of the sufferer is inferred from the reality of the ghost. The ghost is enacted, the dreaming or feverish Awoi is represented by the "red kimono." In fact, it is only ghosts that are actual; the world of active passions is observed through the veil of another world. But these passions are just as real, though we see them in retrospect, as in Kagekiyo, or by inference, as in Kakitsubata. Kagekiyo, the old blind hermit, dreams of the exploits of his youth: He thought, how easy this killing. He rushed with his spear-haft gripped under his arm. He cried out, "I am Kagekiyo of the Heike." He rushed on to take them. He pierced through the helmet vizards of Miyanoya. Miyanoya fled twice, and again; and Kagekiyo cried: "You shall not escape me!" He leaped and wrenched off his helmet. " Eya! " The vizard broke and remained in his hand, and Miyanoya still fled afar, and afar, and he looked back, crying in terror, " How terrible, how heavy your arm! "And Kagekiyo called at him," How tough the shaft of your neck is!" And they both laughed out over the battle, and went off each his own way. Then the chorus, in a lament almost Greek: These were the days of old, but, oh, to tell them! to be telling them over now in his wretched condition. There is nothing tenuous about this. The "image" character of Noh makes the play brief. It also prevents rhetoric. And another consequence is that the dialogue is never conversation. (Perhaps this is another objection to making the personages talk like Irish peasants.) Nevertheless the plays are real plays, with real personalities. We do not forget "Changeful Tsunemasa, full of the universal unstillness," who was "loved by the Emperor when he was a boy, but was killed in the old days at the battle of the West Seas." He is as permanent as the youthful Thea3tetus. Kumasaka is as real. So are the ghost lovers, with as fine a strangeness in their way as any lovers of Webster or Ford: Kiri, hatari, cho, cho, Kiri, hatari, cho, cho, The cricket sews on at his old rags, With all the new grass in the field; sho, Churr, isho, like the whirr of a loom: churr. in their cricket song—a remarkable triumph of translator's skill: it is certainly English, and it is certainly new in English. T. S. E. ## ARNOLD DOLMETSCH By Ezra Pound IT was better to dig up the bas-reliefs of Assurbanipal's hunting than to have done an equal amount of Royal Academy sculpture. There are times when archaeology is almost equal to creation, or when a resurrection is equally creative or even more creative than invention. Few contemporary composers have given more to to-day's music than has Arnold Dolmetsch. His first realization was that music made for the old instruments could not be rendered on the piano. This proposition is exceedingly simple. You may play the notes of a violin solo on a piano or a banjo, but it will not be the same music. You may play the notes written for clavichord and harpsichord on the piano, or the pianola, but you will not make the same music. The first necessity, if one were to hear the old sounds, was a reconstruction of instruments, a multiplication of reconstructions; and this, as every educated person well knows, Arnold Dolmetsch has effected. The next step was the removal of general misunderstandings of the old musical notation. This Mr. Dolmetsch has also triumphantly done in his Interpretation of the Music of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Centuries (Novello, London, and H. W. Gray Co., New York). Not only this, but he has opened the way for a reconciliation between musicians and "the intelligent." This last act is extremely important; the reconstruction of old music is an activity which might end in itself. A possible re-fusion of intelligence with that other curious thing commonly known as "musical intelligence" contains many possibilities for the future; for the immediate future, the part of it chiefly concerning us and our mortal enjoyments. All people have terms of abuse. Among artists and literati it is customary to excuse a man's stupidity by saying "He is a musician." Among musicians they say "Oh, that is a singer," implying depths of ignorance inconceivable to all but musicians. Dolmetsch strikes at the root of the trouble by showing how music has been written, more and more, for the stupid; how the notation or rather the notators have gradually ceased to trust to, or to expect, intelligence on the part of interpreters; with the result that the whole major structure of music, of a piece of music, is obscured; the incidental elements, the detail show on the score equally with the cardinal contentions of the composer. The neophyte is taught notes one by one, is taught scales. In the old way he would have been given the main structural points, he would have played the bare form of the piece, and gradually have filled in with the details. There is more in Dolmetsch's "Section 14,on Divisions," than in a long course of practice and exercises; more I mean for the intelligent person to whom the mysteries of music have always seemed rather a jumble; a sort of pseudo-psychism practised by, and practicable for, people otherwise mentally inefficient. I cannot demonstrate all this on a page. If Dolmetsch would write a shilling manual, simply dogma, leaving out his proofs and his explanations, and if people would use it on children and on themselves, we might have an almost immediate improvement, for a big book travels slowly, and few have the patience to understand anything, though many will obey a command. The technical points I can scarcely go into, but they are there in Dolmetsch's book for musicians, and for those who have unsatisfied curiosities about music. The general reflections stirred by his writing I may, however, set down. First: It seems to me that in music, as in the other arts, beginning in the eighteenth century, and growing a poison from which we are not yet free, greater rigidity in matters of minutiae has forced a break-up of the large forms; has destroyed the sense of main form. Compare academic detail in one school of painting, and minute particularization about light and colour in another. Any work of art is a compound of freedom and order. It is perfectly obvious that art hangs between chaos on one side and mechanics on the other. A pedantic insistence on detail tends to drive out "major form." A firm hold on major form makes for a freedom of detail. In painting men intent on minutiae gradually lost the sense of form and form-combination. An attempt to restore this sense is branded as "revolution." It is revolution in the philological sense of the term. The old way of music, teaching a man that a piece of music was a structure, certain main forms filled in with certain decorations, stimulated his intelligence, spurred on his constructive faculty. You might play the same lute-piece as many others, but you thought about playing it differently (i.e. with different notes), of playing it better. In a sense that is true of any performer, but the contemporary way of approach lays stress on having a memory like a phonograph; the reflex-centres are as highly thought of as is the main conception. Thematic invention has departed. Naturally the best musicians escape the contagion, a few good artists in any period always do escape, whatever contagion may be prevalent. In any age also, a few learned men must always support the poet against the music-teacher; the artist who creates against the machine for the vending of pictures; the inventive writer against the institutions of publishing and distribution. The modus is exceedingly simple. Some one must know that the fashion of the last forty years is not the eternal law of the art, whatever art it may be. The heretic, the disturber, the genius, is the real person, the person stubborn in his intelligent instinct or protected by some trick of nature, some providential blindness, or deafness even, which prevents him from being duped by a fashion; some stubbornness, some unsocial surliness which prevents him from pretending to be duped, from pretending to acquiesce. When I, for emphasis, say above, "providential blindness or deafness," one must remember that in the case of the artist—if there be some such trick played on him by nature for the preservation of art, the blindness or deafness or whatever apparent protective insensitiveness there may be—there is always a compensating sensitiveness or hyper-sensitiveness, enforced it maybe by some voluntary or half-voluntary concentration, which keeps him interested, absorbed in the art. Nature and humanity will never in the long run be bilked by the music-teacher and the academician. They, nature and humanity, abhor an unreasoning setness; haste is also in their abomination. There also the artist scores, for the "most brilliant," the most apparently sudden great artist is always a plodder. He alone can afford to wait. The singer of late nineteenth-century ballads must get through with his job at once: ditto for the actor, for the successful society portraitist. In nothing has invention been slower than in the notation of music; it took centuries to find even a Notker, a Gui d'Arezzo. To-day the man who desires to comprehend first and make his noise afterward comes upon the idiotic mess of unexplained, unexplainable scale-playing. The days when a consort arranged itself while you waited your turn at the barber's appear purely legendary. Our ears are passive before the onslaught of gramophones and ## pianolas. By persuading ourselves that we do not hear two-thirds of their abominable grind, we persuade ourselves that we take pleasure in the remainder of what they narrate. We feign a deafness which we have not, instead of developing our faculty for the finer perception of sound. We pride ourselves on having exact transcripts of Arabic and Japanese and Zulu and Malay music; we take a sentimental pleasure in being reminded (in spite of the drone and wheeze, in spite of shriek and squeak), that we once heard the voice of Chaliapine. And as for the structure of music! . . . We turn to the printed page; the eye is confused by the multitude of ornamental notes and trappings, lost in the maze; each note is written as importantly as any other. And "Modern" music is so much a fuzz, a thing of blobs and of splotches—sometimes beautiful, and probably the best of it is more beautiful to those who know exactly what fixed lines it avoids. But the structure of music? . . "Technicalities" ... "Artists don't enjoy their art as much as people who just enjoy it without trying to understand." That last quotation is one of the prize pieces of buncombe that the last generation indulged in. There is no comparison between the artist's enjoyment and the enjoyment of the layman. Only the artist can know this, for he is an artist in his own art and layman in all the rest, thus he can get some sense of proportion. He knows the difference between enthusiasm with vague half-comprehension, and enthusiasm plus an exact understanding. If the expert rejects 95 per cent, of all examples of an art presented to him, he has more pleasure in the remainder than the layman can get from the lot with vague and omnivorous liking. What we know of any art is mostly what some master has taught us. We may not know him in the flesh, but the masterwork, and only the masterwork discontents us with mediocrity, or rather, it clarifies our discontentment; we may have suspected that something was wrong, been uninterested, worried, found the thing dull; the masterwork diagnoses it. Dolmetsch has also made a fine diagnosis. He has incidentally thrown a side-light on metric, he has said suggestive things about silence d'articulation, about the freedoms of the old music. When I say suggestive, I do not mean that we are to get a jargon out of these things, to use for artistic controversy; but there is enough in them to prevent fools from interfering with, or carping at, rhythms achieved by the artist in his own way. Art is a departure from fixed positions; felicitous departure from a norm. It is a fight against mechanics. In music the trouble may well have begun with an attempt to write music for the insensitive and the blockhead. If we are to regain a thematic sense, or a sense of thematic invention or of structure, if we are to have new music, or to have the old music beautifully played; if we are to have a clearer comprehension of what we do hear, we may owe a good deal to Mr. Dolmetsch. BATTLE-FIELD THE wind is piercing chill And blows fine grains of snow Over this shell-rent ground; Every house in sight Is smashed and desolate. But in this fruitless land, Thorny with wire, And foul with rotting clothes and sacks The crosses flourish— Ci-gît, ci-gît, ci-gît . . . "Ci-gît 1 soldat Allemand, Priez pour lui." Richard Aldington PASSING PARIS EACH of the countries engaged in this war owes posterity a book of the nature of George Duhamel's Vie des Martyrs (1914-1916), the account of a doctor's experiences in base-hospitals and dressing-stations on the French front. It is a story of appalling sufferings told by one capable of showing their mental and physical significance, whose compassion surpasses that usually granted the medical man, and whose power of expression is distinctive of a very great writer. Those who know the French lower classes under all aspects and have yet preserved an outsider's judgment are inclined to think them better able to endure suffering than happiness. This is common to mankind in general, but the French are peculiarly courageous under physical trial, and make a greater evolution when passing from one state to the other. In misfortune they often acquire an impressive nobility of attitude. The Oriental, without an equal for endurance, preserves a relative equanimity, varying little in proportion to the circumstances affecting him. One cannot say that any nationality is poor in courage, but the Frenchman seems to be almost at home in suffering. In everyday life he appears to be more at ease when a little uncomfortable. Given the choice, he does not appreciate comfort, does not know what to do with it when he has it. The French peasant won't allow that illness can have grip of him, is ashamed of it and considers bed exclusively for sleep or its next stage, death. We all know that in France an arm-chair is a rarity, totally unfamiliar to the humble, and I have been in houses—houses occupied by the so-called "rich"—where a cushion could not be found. Compared with the hard French, the English, Americans, and Germans pamper themselves. In Anglo-Saxon countries progress has included an increase in material advantages or in what is termed comfort. In France it has not brought improvements of that order. It is unwise to be an invalid in France. If the surgery and hygienic measures in French hospitals certainly strive to keep ahead of the times, nothing whatever, or next to nothing, is attempted to ameborate conditions bringing "comfort" to the patients. I have come to the conclusion that the French don't care about it. They understand luxury better. And a people indulging in luxuries are not necessarily bad sufferers, as our forefathers have proved. The French regime is excellent training for actual physical pain when its turn comes. M. Duhamel's patients are typical of the national gift for patience, resignation, and self-control in the throes of bodily distress. Many people will not have the strength to suffer with them. Who can help to prepare a youth for the amputation of his second leg? Who can attend those daily dressings and the accompanying screams? Who can console those who are but one wound, one intolerable agony? Who can remain for hours alone in a small room with living, groaning putrefaction? Who can hear those artless, childlike remarks of Lerondeau's without being too deeply moved? Who, especially, can visit that hospital near Verdun where sleep was impossible for a week and more owing to the deficiency in doctors and the number of wounded piled up on the floor in their blood and excrements, where the one who suffered least was also a martyr, the unfortunate scribe who for three days and three nights remained anchored to his thankless task, in a permanent draught, prey to indispensable and idiotizing clerical work, until driven nearly mad from having incessantly ticketed with names and figures the wretchedness which came there? ## Those who can keep up with this will compare the narrative with Le Feu. M. Duhamel's book is also a portrait gallery, but the portraits are quite differently handled. Preference will generally go to Vie des Martyrs for its concision, finish, communicativeness. The author is of the family of "unanimists" (the title is wanting in the article like Mort de Quelqu'un by Jules Eomains). One chapter, one page is not more striking than another in this collection of phases and features in suffering. They help us, who have not been so constantly in the company of life's chief problem, just a little, no doubt, to form an "exacter, stricter, more pathetic idea of suffering and death," an exercise M. Duhamel considers indispensable to all. And they bring tragedy at its very noblest to the modern literature of France because the faculty for rendering it is equal to the motive. Both books, M. Duhamel's and M. Barbusse's, with all the rest in their train, remain nevertheless inadequate tributes to the war's suffering. For they are so exclusively taken up with one class that an impression is conveyed that heroism is confined to that class only. And yet thousands of officers; the Brindejonc des Moulinais and Guynemers by the score; the young Dukes des Cars and de Bohan by the tenfold; the three sons of General de Castelnau; Comte Bobert d'Humières, nobleman and writer, with the three hundred and more poets who have died for their country, are numerous types in their class, as typical of it as are the peasants and other humble, piously tended by Georges Duhamel and no less piously listened to by Henri Barbusse, in theirs. That the uneducated outnumber the educated in the army does not mean that their heroism is superior, and perhaps time and events will show which is the most persevering. From such records as Le Feu and Vie des Martyrs posterity will gather either that the war was fought by the lowly alone or that France's heroism was peculiar to its proletariat. In a certain passage M. Barbusse goes out of his way to give emphasis, intentionally or not, to this opinion; M. François de la Guérinière alone, in La Kultur Déchaînée, mentions the case of a young nobleman who finds safe quarters for his valet while preferring the front for himself. It is time some one drew out of their obscurity those who have, somewhat unjustly, been sacrificed to the obscure so-called. Perhaps an unliterary orderly will some day make good the omission. Muriel Ciolkowska P.S. Mr. Bicciotto Canudo, whose book, La Ville sans Chef, was reviewed in the series "The French Word in Modern Prose" (The Egoist, August 1916), has distinguished himself a second time as an officer of Italian nationality, fighting in the French Army on the Greek Front; and M. Alexandre Mercereau is in hospital as a consequence of wilful exposure to danger. TARR* By Wyndham Lewis PABT VI: HOLOCAUSTS CHAPTEB VI FIVE days after this, in the morning, Otto Kreisler mounted the steps of the police-station of a small town near the German frontier. He was going to give himself up. Bitzenko had pictured his principal, in the event of his succeeding against Soltyk, seeking rapidly by * Tarr started in the issue of April 1916. train the German frontier, disguised in some extraordinary manner. Had the case been suggested to him of a man in this position without sufficient money in his pocket to buy a ticket, he would then have imagined a melodramatic figure hurrying through France, dodging and dogged by the police, defying a thousand perils. Whether Kreisler were still under the spell of the Bussian or not, this was the course, more or less, he took. He could be trusted not to go near Paris. That city dominated all his maledictions. The police disturbing the last act of his sanguinary farce was a similar contretemps to Soltyk's fingers in his throat. At the last moment everything had begun to go wrong. He had not prepared for it, because, as though from cunning, the world had shown no tendency up till then to interfere. Soltyk had died when his back was turned, so to speak. He got the contrary of comfort out of the thought that he could claim to have done the deed. The police had rushed in and broken things off short, swept everything away, ended the banquet in a brutal raid. A deep sore, a shocked and dislocated feeling remained in Kreisler's mind. He had been hurried so much! He had never needed leisure, breathing space, so much. The disaster of Soltyk's death was raw on him! Had he been given time— only a little time—he might have put that to rights. (This sinister regret could only imply a possible mutilation of the corpse.) A dead man has no feeling. He can be treated as an object and hustled away. But a living man needs time!—time! Does not a living man need so much time to develop his movements, to lord it with his thoughtful body, to unroll his will? Time is what he needs! As a tramp being hustled away from a café protests, at each jerk the waiter gives him, that he is a human being, probably a free human being—yes, probably free; so Kreisler complained to his fate that he was a living man, that he required time—that above all it was time he needed—to settle his affairs and withdraw from life. But his fate was a harsh Prussian gendarme. He whined and blustered to no effect. He was superstitious as well in the usual way about this decease. In his spiritless and brooding tramp he questioned if it were not he that had died and not Soltyk, and if it were not his ghost that was now wandering off nowhere in particular. One franc and a great many coppers remained to him. As he jumped from field to road and road to field again, in his flight, they rose and fell in a little leaden wave in his pocket, breaking dully on his thigh. This little wave rose and fell many times, till he began. to wait for it, and its monotonous grace. It was like a sigh. It heaved and clashed down in a foiled way. He spent the money that evening on a meal in a village. The night was dry and was passed in an empty barge. Next day, at four in the afternoon, he arrived at Meaux. Here he exchanged his entire wardrobe for a very shabby workman's outfit, gaining seven francs and fifty centimes on the exchange. He caught the early train for Bheims, travelling thirty-five kilometres of his journey at a sou a kilometre, got a meal near the station, and took another ticket to Verdun. Believing himself nearer the frontier than he actually was, he set out on foot. At the next large town, Pontlieux, he had too hearty a meal. He had exhausted his stock of money long before the frontier was reached. For two days he had eaten hardly anything; and tramped on in a dogged and careless spirit. The nearness of the German frontier began to rise like a wall in front of him. This question had to be answered: Did he want to cross it after all? His answer was to mount the steps of the local gendarmerie. His Prussian severity of countenance, now that he was dressed in every point like a vagabond, without ## hat and his hair disordered, five days' beard on his chin—this sternness of the German warrior gave him the appearance of a scowling ruffian. The agent on duty, who barred his passage brutally before the door of the inner office, scowling too, classed him as a depraved cut-throat vagabond, and considered his voluntary entrance into the police-station as an act not only highly suspicious and unaccountable in itself, but of the last insolence. "Qu'est-ce qu'il te faut?" "Voir le commissaire," returned Kreisler. "Tu ne peux pas le voir. Il n'y est pas." A few more laconic sentences followed, the agent reiterating sulkily that the magistrate was not there. But he was eyeing Kreisler doubtfully and turning something over in his mind. The day before, two Germans had been arrested in the neighbourgood as spies, and were now locked up in this building until further evidence should be collected on the affair. It is extremely imprudent for a German to loiter on the frontier on entering France. It is much wiser for him to push on at once—neither looking to right nor left—pretending especially not to notice hills, unnatural military-looking protuberances, ramparts, etc.—to hurry on as rapidly as possible to the interior. But the two men in question were carpenters by profession, and both carried huge foot-rules in their pockets. The local authorities on this discovery were in a state of the deepest consternation. They shut them up, with their implements, in the most inaccessible depths of the local police-station. And it was in the doorway of this building—all the intermittant inhabitants of which were in a state of hysterical speculation, that Kreisler had presented himself. The agent, who had recognized a German by his accent and manner, at last turned and disappeared through the door, telling him to wait. He reappeared with several superiors. All of them crowded in the doorway and surveyed Kreisler blankly. One asked in a voice of triumphant suspicion: "And what are you doing there, my good fellow?" "I had tuel, and killed the man; I have walked for more days-" "Yes, we know all about that!" "So you had a duel, eh?" asked another, and they all laughed with nervous suddenness at the picture of this vagabond defending his honour at twenty paces. " Well, is that all you have to say? " "I would eat." "Yes! your two friends inside also have big appetites. But come to the point. Have you anything to tell us about your compatriots inside there?" Since his throttling by Soltyk, Kreisler had changed. He knew he was beaten. There was nothing to do but to die. His body ran to the German frontier as a chicken's does down a yard, headless, from the block. Kreisler did not understand the official. He muttered that he was hungry. He could hardly stand. Leaning his shoulder against the wall, he stood with his eyes on the ground. He was making himself at home! "What a nerve!" "Va t'en! If you don't want to tell us anything, clear out. Be quick about it! A pretty lot of trouble you cursed Germans are giving us. You'll none of you speak when it comes to the point. You all stand staring like boobies. But that won't pay here. Off you go!" They all turned back into the office, and slammed the door. The agent stood before it again, looking truculently at Kreisler. He said: "Passez votre chemin! Don't stand gaping there!" Then, giving him a shake, he hustled him to the top of the steps. A parting shove sent him staggering down into the road. Kreisler walked on for a little. Eventually, in a quiet square, near the entrance to the town, he fell on a bench, drew his legs up and went to sleep, at ten o'clock, the town lethargically retiring, all its legs moving slowly, like a spent insect, heavily boarding itself in, an agent came gradually along the square. Kreisler's visit to the police-station was not known to this one. He stopped opposite the sleeping Kreisler, surveying him with lawful indignation. "En voilà un joli gigolo!" He swayed energetically up to him. "Eh! le copain! Tu voudrais coucher à la belle étoile?" He shook him. "Oh, là! Tu ne peux pas dormir ici! Houp! Dépêches-toi. Mets-toi debout!" Kreisler responded only by a tired movement as though to bury his skull in the bench. A more violent jerk rolled him on the ground. He woke up and protested in German, with a sort of dull asperity. He got on to his feet. At the sound of the familiar gutturals of the neighbouring Empire, the agent became differently angry. Kreisler stood there, muttering partly in German and partly in French; he was very tired. He was telling bitterly of his attempt to get into the police-station, and of his inhospitable reception. The agent understood several words of German—notably "ja" and "lager beer" and "essen." The consequence was that he always thought he understood more than was really said in that language. However much might be actually intended on any given occasion by the words of that profound and teeming tongue, it could never equal in scope, intensity, and meaning what he heard. So he was convinced that Kreisler was threatening an invasion, and scoffed loudly in reply. He understood Kreisler to assert that the town in which they stood would soon belong to Germany, and that he would then sleep not on a bench, but in the best bed their dirty little hole of a village could offer. He approached him threateningly. And eventually the functionary distinctly heard himself apostrophized as a "sneaking 'flic,'" a "dirty peeler." At that he laid his hand on Kreisler's collar, and threw him in the direction of the police-station. He had miscalculated the distance. Kreisler, weak for want of food, fell at his feet; but, getting up, scuffled a short time. Then, it occurring to him that here was an unhoped-for way of getting a dinner, and being lodged after all in the bureau de police, he suddenly became passive and complaisant. Arrived at the police-station—with several revolts against the brutal handling to which he was subjected —he was met at the door by the same inhospitable man. Exasperated beyond measure at this unwelcome guest turning up again, the man sent his comrade into the office to report, while he held Kreisler. He held him as a restive horse is held, and jerked him several times against the wall, as if he had been showing signs of resistance. Two men, one that he had formerly seen, came and looked at him. No effort was made to discover if he were really at fault or not. By this time they were quite convinced that he was a desperate character, and if not a spy, then anyway a murderer, although they were inclined to regard him as a criminal mystery. At all events they no longer could question his right to a night's lodging. Kreisler was led to a cell, given some bread and water at his urgent request, and left alone. On the following morning he was taken up before the commissaire de police. When Kreisler was brought in, this gentleman had just finished cross-examining for the fifteenth time the two German carpenters who were retained as spies. They were not let alone for an instant. They would be dragged out of their cells three times in the course of an afternoon, as often as a new and brilliant idea should ## strike one of the numerous staff of the police-station. They would be confronted with their foot-rules, and watched in breathless silence; or be keenly cross-questioned, confused and contradicted as to the exact hour at which they had lunched the day before their arrest. The commissaire was perspiring all over with the intensity of his last effort to detect something. Kresiler was led in, and prevented from finishing any sentence or of becoming in any way intelligible during a quarter of an hour by the furious interruptions of the enraged officer. At last he succeeded in asserting that he was quite unacquainted with the two carpenters; moreover, that all he needed was food; that he had decided to give himself up and await the decision of the Paris authorities as regards the deed. If they were not going to take any action, he would return to Paris—at least, as soon as he had received a certain letter; and he gave his address. The commissiare considered him with exhausted animosity and he was sent back to his cell. He slept the greater part of the day, but the next he spent nervous and awake. In the afternoon a full confirmation of his story reached the authorities. It was likely that the following morning he would be sent to Paris. It meant, then, that he was going to be tried as a kind of murderer. He could not allege complete accident. The thought of Paris, the vociferous courts, the ennuis of a criminal case about this affair, so thoroughly ended and boringly out of date, disturbed him extremely. Then the Russian— he would have to see him again. Kreisler felt that he was being terribly worried once more. Sorrow for himself bowed him down. This journey to Paris resembled his crossing of the German frontier. He had felt that it was impossible to see his father. That represented an effort he would do anything to avoid. Resentment against his parent had vanished. It was this that made a meeting so difficult. It was a stranger, with an ill will that had survived lus own, awaiting him. Noise, piercing noise, effort, awaited him revengefully. He knew exactly what his father would do and say. If there had been a single item that he could not forecast!—But there was not the least item. Paris was the same. The energy and obstinacy of the rest of the world, the world that would question him and drag him about, these frightened him as something mad. Bitzenko appealed most to this new-born timidity. Bitzenko was like some favourite dish a man has one day eaten too much of, and will never be able again to enjoy, or even support. On the other hand, he became quite used to his cell. His mind was sick, and this room had a clinical severity. It had all the economical elements of a place in which a human operation might be performed. He became fond of it as patients get an appetite for the leanness of convalescent life. He lay on his bed. He turned over the shell of many empty and depressing hours he had lived. He took particular pleasure in these listless concave shapes. His "good times" were avoided. Days spent with his present stepmother, before his father knew her, gave him a particularly numbing and nondescript feeling. He sat up, listening to the noises from the neighbouring rooms and corridors. It began to sound to him like one steady preparation for his removal. Steps bustled about getting this ready and getting that ready. The police-station had cost him some trouble to enter. But they had been attracted to each other from the start. Something in the form of an illicit attachment now existed between them. Buildings are female. There is no such thing as a male building. This practical and pretentious small modern edifice was having its romance. Otto Kreisler was its romance. It was now warning him. It echoed sharply and insistently the feet of its policemen. After his evening meal he took up his bed in his arms and placed it on the opposite side of the cell, under the window. He sat there for some time as though resting after this effort. The muttering of two children on a doorstep in the street below came to him on the evening light with melodramatic stops and emptiness. It bore with it an image, like an old picture, bituminous and with a graceful, queer formality. It fixed itself before him like a mirage. He watched it muttering. He began slowly drawing off his boots. He took out the laces, and tied them together for greater strength. Then he tore several strips off his shirt, and made a short cord of them. He went through these actions deliberately and deftly, as though it were a routine and daily happening. He measured the drop from the bar of the ventilator, calculating the necessary length of cord, like a boy preparing the accessories of some game. It was only a game, too. He realized what these proceedings meant, but shunned the idea that it was serious. Just as an unmoral man with a disinclination to write a necessary letter takes up the pen, resolving to begin it merely and writes more and more until it is, in fact, completed, so Kreisler proceeded with his task. Standing on his bed, he attached the cord to the ventilator. He tested its strength by holding it some inches from the top, and then, his shoulders hunched, swaying his whole weight languidly on it for a moment. Adjusting the noose, he smoothed his hair back after he had slipped it over his head. He made as though to kick the bed away, playfully, then stood still, staring in front of him. The last moment must be one of realization. He was not a coward. His caution was due to his mistrust of some streaks of him, the sex streak the powerfullest. A sort of heavy confusion burst up as he withdrew the restraint. It reminded him of Soltyk's hands on this throat. The same throttling feeling returned. The blood bulged in his head. He felt dizzy; it was the Soltyk struggle over again. But, as with Soltyk, he did not resist. He gently worked the bed outwards from under him, giving it a last steady shove. He hung, gradually choking, the last thing he was conscious of, his tongue. The discovery of his body caused a deep-felt indignation among the staff at the police-station. They remembered the persistence with which this unprincipled and equivocal vagrant (as which they still regarded him) had attempted to get into the building. And it was clear to their minds that his sole purpose had been to hang himself on their premises. He had mystified them from the first. Now their vague suspicions were bitterly confirmed, and had taken an unpardonable form. Each man felt that this corpse had personally insulted and made a fool of him. They thrust it savagely into the earth, with vexed and disgusted faces. Herr Kreisler paid without comment what was claimed by the landlord in Paris for his son's room; and writing to the authorities at the frontier town about the burial, paid exactly the sum demanded by this town for disposing of the body. CHAPTER VII The sight of Bertha's twistings and turnings, her undignified rigmarole, had irritated Anastasya. This was why she had brutally announced, as though to cut short all that, that Kreisler's behaviour was due simply to the fact that he fancied himself in love with her, Anastasya. "He was not worrying about Fràulein Lunken. He was in love with me;" the statement amounted to that. There was no disdainful repudiation or self-reference in her statement; only a piece of information. ## Bertha's intuitions and simplifications had not been without basis. This "hostile version" had contained a certain amount of hostile intention. But Anastasya had another reason for this immodest explicitness. She personally liked Kreisler. The spectacle of Bertha excusing herself, and in the process putting Kreisler in a more absurd and unsatisfactory light, annoyed her extremely. How could Tarr consort with Bertha,she questioned? Her aristocratic woman's sense did not appreciate the taste for a slut, a miss or a suburban queen. The apache, the coster girl, fisher-lass, all that had character, oh, yes. Her romanticism, in fact, was of the same order as Butcher's only better. Two days after the duel she met Tarr in the street. They agreed to meet at Lejeune's for dinner. The table at which she had first come across Kreisler was where they sat. "You knew Soltyk, didn't you " he asked her. "Yes. It was a terrible affair. Poor Soltyk!" She looked at Tarr doubtfully. A certain queer astonishment in her face struck Tarr. It was the only sign of movement beneath. She spoke with a businesslike calm about his death. There was no sign of feeling or search for feeling. She refused to regard herself as the "woman in the affair." She knew people referred to her as that. Soltyk possessed a rather ridiculous importance, being dead; a cadaveric severity in the meaning of the image, Soltyk, for her. The fact was bigger than the person. He was like a boy in his father's clothes. Kreisler, on the other hand, she abominated. To have killed, he to have killed!—and to have killed some one she knew! It was a hostile act to bring death so near her. She knew it was hostile. She hoped he might never come back to Paris. She did not want to meet Kreisler. But these feelings were not allowed to transpire. She recognized them as personal. She was so fastidious that she refrained from using them in discussing the affair when they would have given a suspect readiness and "sincerity" to her expression. She rather went to the other extreme. "They say Soltyk was not killed in a duel," Tarr continued. "Kreisler is to be charged with murder, or at least manslaughter." "Yes, I have heard that Kreisler shot him before he was ready or something-" "I heard that he was shot when he was unarmed. There was no duel at all." "Oh, that is not the version I have heard." She did not seem revengeful about her friend. "I was Kreisler's second for half an hour," Tarr said in a minute. "How do you mean, for half an hour?" She was undemonstrative but polite. "I happened to be there, and was asked to help him until somebody else could be found. I did not suspect him, I may say, of meaning to go to such lengths." "What was the reason of it all—do you know?" "According to Kreisler, they had done some smacking earlier in the day-" "Yes. Herr Kreisler met Soltyk and myself. I think that Soltyk then was a little in the wrong." "I dare say." Tarr's sympathies were all with Kreisler. He had never been attracted by Poles, and as such rather than a Bussian he thought of Soltyk. Deep square races he preferred. And Kreisler was a clumsy and degenerate atavism bringing a peculiarity into too elastic life. Some of Tarr's absurd friendliness for Bertha flowed over on to her fellow-countryman. Had Anastasya more of a hand in the duel than he would naturally believe? Her indifference to Soltyk's death, and her favouring Kreisler, almost pointed to something unusual. Kreisler's ways were still mysterious! That was all they said about the duel. As they were finishing the meal, after turning her head towards the entrance door, Anastasya remarked, with mock concern: "There is your fiancée. She seems rather upset." Tarr looked towards the door. Bertha's white face was close up against one of the narrow panes, above the lace curtain. There were four and a half feet of window on either side of the door. There were so many objects and lights in the front well of the shop that her face would not be much noticed in the corner it had chosen. Her eyes were round, vacant, and dark, the features very white and heavy, the mouth steadily open in painful lines. As he looked the face drew gradually away, and then disappeared into the melodramatic night. It was a large trapped fly on the pane. It withdrew with a glutinous, sweet slowness. The heavy white jowl seemed pulling itself out of some fluid trap where it had been caught like a weighty body. Tarr knew how the pasty flesh would nestle against the furs, the shoulders swing, the legs move just as much as was necessary for progress, with no movement of the hips. Everything about her in the chilly night would give an impression of warmth and system. The sleek cloth fitting the square shoulders tightly, the underclothes carefully tight as well, the breath from her nostrils the slight steam from a contented machine. He caught Anastasya's eye and smiled. "Your fiancée is pretty," she said, pretending that was the answer to the smile. "She's not my fiancée. But she's a pretty girl." "Oh, I understood you were engaged-" "Ko." "It's no good," he thought. But he must spare Bertha in future such discomforting sights. (To be continued) MISS ZOE EIGHT months ago I went to see my friend Miss Zoe. Middle-aged, but enlightened, advanced to the extent that she once almost carried her belief in free love out of the academic sphere and into the practical—middle-aged and battered by the experiences of a somewhat painful life, she now spends the chronic leisure of ill-health in talking, talking ceaselessly about and about. We were speaking of the character of the Americans (our conversations were usually in the manner of the old school of French criticism). She said, I remember: "Philadelphia is as bad as Berlin." I raised my eyebrows. Miss Zoe turned and made as though she were dropping the ash of her cigarette into the grate, and in a voice of assumed off-handedness added explanatorily: "Homosexuality; not to mention crimes of erotic violence." "Exactly," I said, "like the music of Strauss." To-day, after all this time, I went again to see Miss Zoe. We were talking about the Nature of Music, or the Universal Bhythm. At any rate we had got to operas. ". . . and Salome,"! said, " what of that?" "Horrible," answered Miss Zoe, "like an obscene outrage. "The Americans, too," continued Miss Zoe; "in Philadelphia, for instance, they are just as bad as in Berlin." A. Huxley THE UNSEEN ATTENDANT LITTLE flax flowers, give your life and your up-holding stem in silken soft threads to keep his body rested. Soothe away the pain with cool gentleness. O spring flower, lean over from your crystal glass. Exhale your perfume in a little breath; enter the channels of his senses, and through his brain spread your narcotic yet remembering happiness. The curtain blows and waves inwards with the continuous movement of tall grass. It is the wind of an urgent passage. What desire is so insistant, so restrained? The patterned folds curve and uncurve like embracing arms, encircling and unconstraining. As the rose-fire of the hidden sun dawning over a winter sea, there comes to you the love that is enflaming, enlightening. God, dissolve this removed body of mine, that it may fluidly, impalpably come between the Beloved and devastating pain. May my heart beat warm and cherishing under the hands that hurt. Let the useless effulgence of my hair strangle the breath of discouragement—muffle the hint of despair. B. Durak CORRESPONDENCE THE GREAT SEX SPIRAL A CRITICISM OF MISS MARSDEN'S "LINGUAL PSYCHOLOGY" * To the Editor, The Egoist Madam,—Miss Marsden speaks of a miraculous change that is to come over philosophy, a change in all ways parallel to that which came over objective science in Bacon's time. Such changes have as their basis a domination of female psychology over an outworn male psychology. My thesis is an attempt to substantiate and elucidate this theorem. To understand what is to follow it should be stated that by "male psychology" and "female psychology" I do not mean necessarily a psychology limited to men on the one hand, or to women on the other. I mean two essential aspects of the one thing, psychology, either of which may become predominant at any given period in any given field, and govern all activities in that field for the time being. But though influencing both sexes, it will be typified none the less by an identity with male or female sense-experience as the case may be. I now go on to a direct study of Miss Marsden's thesis. A failure to gauge rightly the nature of the problem is apparent from the beginning. The unacknowledged primary purpose of Miss Marsden's thesis is the engendering of life in a sterile philosophy. This she would do by re-establishing a vitalizing force, analysis, and a clear-cut point of action on which the processes of analysis are to work, by a proper definition of philosophy's subject-matter. But this is not Miss Marsden's conscious objective, that being quite definitely the practical reward to be derived from a straightforward definition in clear terms of philosophy's subject-matter. It is the brilliant success of this latter conception, which should be the third step in her argument, that has dimmed for her the perception of the problem as a whole which, to restate it, is: (1) The rekmdling of life in a sterile philosophy by (2) the engendering action of analysis on a (3) redefined subject-matter. * A previous letter on this subject from the same correspondent appeared in the April number of The Egoist. Had the larger aspect been kept in view the following reasoning could not have been avoided. Life, in the realm of thought as in all other realms of activity, is the first essential, and to maintain life two things are necessary—which, I repeat, Miss Marsden has taken into consideration but without realizing their full significance: a male and a female element: an engendering force and a definite point of action. Accepting "philosophy" as "psychology," through this species of activity as through all others sex must cleave to the bottom if life is to be maintained in it. Each of these elements is the essentially active core of the two major subdivisions of psychology itself. It is the union of these elements, each separately contributed, that gives life to the whole. For if this be not so from whence is philosophy to get its two essential elements? Had the thinker been alive to these primary subdivisions of her problem in equal proportion she would not have failed to take stock of the strongly suggestive fact that the philosophies she criticizes are entirely those of men in an age dominated by male thought, and that she herself is a woman living in a scientific age, an age, therefore, essentially female as I hope to show. She would not have failed to see the necessity, therefore, of defining the traditional "philosophy" of which she speaks not as "psychology," but as "male psychology." She would not have made the mistake—which lays all her main conclusions open to question—of using a single term psychology to express two things completely dissimilar: male psychology and female psychology. Taking up her argument from its beginning, the oversight which so strongly influences all subsequent reasoning is discovered in the initial step. Granted that philosophy is psychology, Miss Marsden defines it further as censor of the universal symbolizing function—all symbols debouch into speech; therefore, "lingual psychology." If this be so, of course philosophy can have been so defined from the beginning, and it is justifiable to criticize philosophy already written—its ways and means—solely as to whether or not it has properly fulfilled its function as censor. Being censor of the universal symbolizing function philosophy is then the censor of art, religion, objective science, politics, practical affairs, etc., and that only. But in this case philosophy takes its place under the other activities mentioned, whose terms debouch into it, merely as their servant, overlaying the terms they have elaborated, and so arriving at its "truths" by intersection of loci: the "truth" being the place where several sense experiences of differing sorts coincide. For this "truth" philosophy invents then a conventionalized speech term, and its function in this case—although it invents terms, or rather transposes them from the different sense-languages into a kind of Esperanto—is truly that of censor. Even should it take upon itself the co-ordination of isolated perceptions—this with that: to take from here in order to give there—what it takes from religion to give to objective science, and what from objective science to art—since it invents nothing it would still remain a censor. Thus the definition still holds. But as censor, philosophy must, of course, have its ore from which to extract the metal, or there can be no metal: its material must be sense-experiences taken from art, religion, objective science, what not—or the philosophical function will lag. In such a case nothing can, of course, be taken a priori simply because in a science of terms termlessness does not exist, though it may exist elsewhere. This cannot be otherwise, for if a sense-experience exists it must have a term, and to say it can have none is then, I agree, most certainly a contradiction. By a censor nothing can be censored a priori, it must be apprehended first. Naturally then, with such a definition of philosophy, "apriorism" and "agnosticism" become totally meaningless sounds. But is it justifiable so to define philosophy or, more in particular, written philosophy? Would it not have been wiser to have given some such definition as the following: "Philosophy is that symbolizing activity which accurately adjusts to all sense-experience conventionalized speech terms"? By "conventionalized" I mean a speech term that shall stand for the sense-experience per se, and not for the subject apprehended: the isolated object that caused it. If one does not say "conventionalized," he includes the art of literature in his definition. Such a definition puts philosophy side by side with all the other symbolizing functions, not over them, nor under them, but on a par with them, at the same time escaping the necessity of limiting it to the function of censor. As long as philosophy remains a censor all Miss Marsden contends for is true, but as soon as philosophy would enter the lists beside art, religion, or whatever it may be, as soon as it would enter a realm that might be designated speculative, her definition no longer holds. It is in this realm that all written philosophy, the "philosophy" of the past, lies. Written philosophy does not come under her definition. What Miss Marsden has done is simply to formulate a definition that does not include written philosophy, and then to throw written philosophy out of consideration because it does not come under her definition. But to formulate a definition that excludes speculative philosophy would be as foolish as to frame a definition that would limit philosophy entirely to speculation into unexplored fields—where it now lies floundering. Within the boundedness of Miss Marsden's definition fully half of philosophical inquiry will be found, and this, it is safe to say, is the field of female psychology. The definition at fault would be no more than a useful limitation of the field had it not been arrogantly applied to the whole instead of to that part of the field which concerns it. It now becomes necessary to digress for a few paragraphs in order to establish firmly the reality of a division of the field into the male and female elements, to point out exactly in what this difference lies and to show how the two psychologies arise, and how reality—depending on sense-experience—differs for the two sexes. This difference is transient, it exists only while sex lasts to enkindle life; it may even appear at first superficial, but it is all the difference there is, and between its two extremes lies every conceivable activity of thought. It is in their apperception of reality that the divergence between male and female psychology lies. I think it is fairly safe to say that male psychology is characterized by an inability to concede reality to fact. This has arisen no doubt from the universal lack of attachment between the male and an objective world—to the earth under his feet— since the male, aside from his extremely simple sex function, is wholly unnecessary to objective life: the only life which his sense perceives. He can never be even certain that his child is his own. From this may arise some of the feeling a man has for his mother, for in her at least is a connexion with the earth, if only a passive one, though even here he cannot be certain that his mother is his own, for being without the use of mind or senses at his own birth he can have no direct knowledge of it. Thus man's only positive connexion with the earth is in the fleeting sex function. When not in pursuit of the female man has absolutely no necessity to exist. But this chase can never lead to satisfaction in the catch, never to objective satisfaction, since as soon as the catch is made the objective is removed and nothing remains but to make another catch of the same kind. Among the highly specialized bees we know that the drone performs his function once and is destroyed, as would certainly be the case with man if strict physical economy pertained. Thus the male pursuit leads only to further pursuit, that is, not toward the earth, but away from it—not to concreteness, but to further hunting, to star-gazing, to idleness. On this fundamental basis rests male psychology; it cannot but remain agnostic in a concrete world; it is extremely simple. It is well established that primitive man—that is the tribesman—when not busied with women and when free to perform his own will is either hunting, fighting, loafing, or drunk. Man will only work when forced to do so, or when inveigled into it by a woman, or at least by a predominant female psychology. Whatever work he does do is not for results, which can mean nothing to him, but for the drunkenness there is in it. Soyez ivre! If he find no drunkenness in his work it is empty for him. Female psychology, on the other hand, is characterized by a trend not away from, but toward the earth, toward concreteness, since by her experience the reality of fact is firmly established for her. Her pursuit of the male results not in further chase, at least not in the immediate necessity for further chase, but to definite physical results that connect her indisputably and firmly with the earth at her feet by an unalterable chain, every link of which is concrete. Woman is physically essential to the maintenance of a physical life by a complicated and long-drawn-out process. Thus reality—depending on sense-experience—is very different for the male and female. In neither case can one sex concede the reality of the experience that underlies the psychology of the other, since the completely opposed sense-experience of the male on the one hand and the female on the other cannot enter the other's consciousness. Either sex must hold to its own psychology or relinquish its sense of reality. For either sex the other's psychology must always be taken a priori. To the female mind male psychology (philosophy), which is agnostic, due to his experience, has no reality in her experience. To the female mind such a psychology (philosophy) will always remain a meaningless symbol—a negative attracting her attack. It is now necessary to realize in a fuller manner than heretofore that there is no reason why of the two psychologies one or the other may not at any time become predominant, though as long as there is a vigorous life in the realm of thought it is essential that both poles be firmly established. But the point will have to wait. Miss Marsden's difficulties can be seen now, perhaps a little more clearly, as can also her achievements. Instead of recognizing the first element in her argument to be the re-establishment of life in a sterile "philosophy," sterile because entirely male, by bending all her energies to the setting up of a vigorous female side—thus establishing a male and female psychology in vigorous opposition—she has tried to "solve" philosophy: that is, she has tried to deny reality to male psychology because it is not female psychology; she has tried to blend the two sexual concepts in her search for reality. Could she succeed, only one thing would result: death. But her failure is only a repetition of a similar male tendency repeated through the ages: an attempt to "solve" agnosticism by what amounts to nothing more than an attempt to obliterate the difference between the sexes, but which results in establishing them in their disparateness more firmly than ever. It is from either side merely a misconception of the problem in hand. Perhaps Miss Marsden's difficulties can be made clearer by a reference to a similar but differently turned illustration from the male side. In Sex and Character, Weininger claiming for man a soul, denying it for woman, means just this: man philosophically or psychologically denies the earth, woman proclaims it. To improve man's position and to save* him from the inevitable charge of futility—since his use on earth is so slight—Weininger borrows the worn-out term "soul," with which he proceeds to endow man, meanwhile disparaging woman's practical symbolization. But his most palpable error (as Miss Marsden has herself pointed out) is that in his eagerness to make out a case for man he deliberately perverts and transposes facts. Man is the vague generalizer, woman the concrete thinker, and not the reverse as he imagined. Man is the indulger in henids, and woman the enemy of henids. Weininger's great and far-reaching and indestructible service (as it is Miss Marsden's also) is that he recognizes the psychologic field to be divided into reciprocal halves, the cleavage running roughly with the division into sex. But having established the fundamental divergence between the sexes, and having discovered a certain trend toward a physical convergence, a blurring of the two, he seeks to discover a third gender as the type to be approached. This proved the despair of his genius. William Carlos Williams Rutherford, New Jersey, U.S.A. Peasant Pottery Shop 41 Devonshire Street, Theobald's Road, W.C. (Close to Southampton Row) Interesting British and Continental: Peasant Pottery on sale: Brightly coloured plaited felt Rugs ##POETRY Magazine of Edited by HARRIET MONROE yene One Year (12 Numbers) U.S.A. $1.50; Canada, $1.65; Great Britain, 7/- "The Best Magazine — by far—in the English language."—PADRAIC COLUM. Poetry publishes the best verse now being written in English, and its prose section contains brief articles on subjects connected with the art, also reviews of the new verse. It has introduced more new poets of importance than all the other American magazines combined, besides publishing the work of poets already distinguished. Subscribe at once—the April number began Vol. VIII. POETRY, 543 Cass Street, Chicago, U.S.A. Enclosed find Seven Shillings for one year's subscription, beginning............................................................................. Name .._..........................._............................................................................-.................- Address.....................-......._......................................-................-............-..................... EDITORIAL Letters, etc., intended for the Editor of The Egoist should be addressed to Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION. Yearly, 6/6; U.S.A. $1.60. Six months, 3/3; U.S.A. $ .80. Three months, 1/9; U.S.A. $ .40. Single copies 7d., post free to all countries. Cheques, postal and money orders, etc., should be payable to The Egoist, Limited, and crossed " Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch." ADVERTISEMENT RATES. Per page £4. Quarter page £1 Is. Od. Per inch single column, 4s. Half rates after first insertion. All advertisements must be prepaid. A PORTRAIT OF THE ARTIST AS A YOUNG MAN By JAMES JOYCE (6s. net; postage 4d.) PRUFROCK By T. S. ELIOT (Is. net; postage, Id.) Please send me_ _for which I enclose_ Name_ Address_ Orders, accompanied by Remittance, should be sent to the publishers, » THE EGOIST, Limited, Oakley House, Bloomsbury St., London, W.C. The Little Review MARGARET C. ANDERSON, Editor EZRA POUND, London Editor Each number of THE LITTLE REVIEW contains matter of permanent value, and the bound volumes will form an anthology of contemporary verse and prose. May: Jodindranath Mawhor's Occupation, by EZRA POUND June: Seven Poems by WILLIAM BUTLER YEATS July: Poems by T. S. ELIOT August t A Series of Poems by WILLIAM BUTLER YEATS September  Inferior Religions, by WYNDHAM LEWIS Contributions by WYNDHAM LEWIS appear in all of the numbers Yearly Subscription, U.S .A., $1.50; Canada, $1.65; Great Britain and other Countries, 7/- THE LITTLE REVIEW 31 West 14th Street, New York City, U.S.A. Enclosed find Seven Shillings for one year's subscription, beginning.................. Name.................................. Address................................ English and European Subscriptions receivable at the London Office of THE LITTLE REVIEW, 5 Holland Place Chambers, London, W.8 THE POETRY JOURNAL EDITORS EDMUND R. BROWN BLANCHE SHOEMAKER WAGSTAFF If you are a reader of poetry, this is the one magazine you cannot afford to miss. Every issue contains twenty to thirty pages of new poetry; important reviews of new books of verse; selections—in the Counsellors' Tavern— from the poetic opinion of all time; selections from new volumes; lists of all new books and magazine articles on poetry; and poems of distinction in the current magazines selected for The Poetry Journal by William Stanley Braithwaite. In making a selection of poetry to print, the Editors are not restricted by considerations of subject, school, or length. Complete plays, long narrative poems, odes, and shorter pieces of all kinds and of all schools are published. The Poetry Journal represents an anthology of the best verse produced by modern poets, and is a complete record of the poetic renaissance. Monthly. Fifteen cents a copy. $1.50 per year Canada |1.62. Foreign 51.74 Published by THE FOUR SEAS COMPANY 67 Cornhill, Boston, U.S.A. For Sale at the Poetry Bookshop, London. Printed at The Complete Press, West Norwood, and published by the Proprietors, The Egoist, Limited, at Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C.##