The Crisis The CRISIS THE AMERICAN NEGRO'S RECORD IN THE GREAT WORLD WAR LOYALTY VALOR ACHIEVEMENT ONE DOLLAR A YEAR MAY 1919 TEN CENTS A COPY The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People is a militant, virile organization fighting consistently and persistently against Lynching, Peonage, "Jim-Crowism," Disfranchisement and Prejudice of every sort. On April 1st we numbered 190 Branches with over 50,000 Members. By June 22-29, the date of our Tenth Anniversary Conference in Cleveland, Ohio, we want One Hundred Thousand Members. The campaign is now on under the slogan: "We Are Coming, Father Abraham, One Hundred Thousand Strong!" Whatever your race, age or sex, if you believe in genuine democracy you should be a member of the National Association. One Dollar a Year Makes You a Member. Two Dollars a Year Makes You a Member and Brings You TH E CRISIS. Larger Contributions Are Earnestly Requested in Proportion to Your Means and Interest in the Work. If the colored man is to receive his share of democracy, we need your help now! Fill out and send in the coupon today I Date 1919. The Crisis is sent without further charge to members paying two dollars or more OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Treasurer, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. SIR: I enclose $ in payment of membership dues for one year in the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, with the stipulation that one dollar of any amount remitted herewith in excess of one dollar is for one year's subscription to TH E CRISIS. Name Street City and State NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK NATIONAL OFFICERS EXECUTIVE OFFICERS President Chairman of the Board MOORFIELD STOREY ' MARY WHITE OVINGTON Vice-Presidents O. G. VILLARD , Treasurer ARCHIBALD H. GRIMKE DR. W E. B. Du BOIS. Director of Publica-REV JOH N HAYNES HOLMES cations and Research BISHOP JOHN HURST JOHN R. SHILLADY . Secretary CAPT ARTHUR B. SPINGARN JAMES WELDON J OHNSON , Field Secretary OSWAL D GARRISO N VILLARD WALTER F. WHITE Assistant Secretary FIRST WAR HISTORY NUMBER - EDITION 100,000 THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY AND COPYRIGHTED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CON DUCTED BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER Vol. 18—No. 1 MAY, 1919 Whole No. 103 PICTURES Page COVER. Drawing. By Lorenzo Harris. NEEDHAM ROBERTS 15 RED CROSS NURSES, CAMP GRANT 22 A SESSION OF THE PAN-AFRICAN CONGRESS 32 ARTICLES PREJUDICE. A Poem. Georgia Douglas Johnson 14 DOCUMENTS OF THE WAR. Collected by W. E. Burghardt Du Bois 16 THE NATIONAL URBAN LEAGUE. Lillian A. Turner 25 DEPARTMENTS OPINION 7 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 23 THE LOOKING GLASS 27 THE HORIZON 33 THE JUNE ISSUE The June CRISIS will contain a supplement with a complete history of the Negro Soldier in the World War. It will be a revelation. Order your copies early. The July CRISIS will be Education Number. The August CRISIS will be Labor Number. TEN CENTS A COPY ; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANGE OF ADDRESS ; The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPTS and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned Entered as second class matter November 2. 1910, at the post office at New York, New York, under the Act of March 3, 1879. 4 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER National Training School DURHAM, NORTH CAROLINA A School for the Training of Colored Young Men and Women for Service Though it is young in history, the Institution feels a just pride in the work thus far accomplished, for its graduates are already tilling many responsible positions, thus demonstrating the aim of the school to train men and women for useful citizenship. DEPARTMENTS ALREADY ESTABLISHED The Grammar School The Teacher Training Department The Academy The Divinity School The School of Arts and Science! The Commercial Department The Department of Music The Department of Home Economics The Department of Social Service In Equipment and Teaching Force it is Not Surpassed by Any School for the Training of Colored Youth in the South. THE FALL TERM OPENED OCTOBER 1, 1918. For further information and Catalog, address President James E. Shepard, Durham, North Carolina Wilberforce University Wilberforce, Ohio SUMMER SCHOOL Sixth Annual Session June 16 to July 26,1919 Special arrangements have been made to maintain the same high excellence in instruction force and work done. All of the equipment, buildings and grounds will be at the disposal of the, Summer School. Fees and all expenses low. Full credit toward certificates, diplomas and degrees will be given for Summer School work. The Faculty for the Summer Session will be members of the University Faculty augmented by specialists along various lines. Courses will be offered in Education, Psychology, English, Mathematics. History, Geography, Drawing, Business, Physical Education, Music; also in Physics, Chemistry, Ethics, Sociology, French, German and Latin. Further there will be courses in Vocational Study, Domestic Science, Domestic Art and Millinery. Additional courses will be offered as there may arise demands. W. S. SCARBOROUGH, President of the University. GILBERT H. JONES. Director of the Summer Session For full particulars write the Director. The Cheyney Training School for Teachers CHEYNEY, PENNA. A normal school of high grade for young colored men and women of good abilities, who desire to prepare themselves to be teachers. Courses include the regular academic and professional subjects, and special departments in domestic art, domestic science, manual training and agriculture. Board and tuition $125. Next regular term begins Thursday, September 18,1919. Summer school for teachers in active service, four weeks beginning July I. Board and tuition for the month $20.00. For further particulars and catalog write Leslie Pinckney Hill, Principal, Cheyney, Penna. Mention The Crisis. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 5 Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with Manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-nine years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the south, Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. THE FLORIDA A. &amp; M. COLLEGE Tallahassee, Florida Offers long and short courses in Mechanic Arts, in Home Economics in Agriculture, in Education and in Science. For Catalog Address NATHAN B. YOUNG, President P. O. DRAWER 524 1870 CLARK UNIVERSITY 1917 SOUTH ATLANTA GEORGIA Most beautiful campus of 70 acres, commodious buildings with modern conveniences. High Scholarship — Talented Faculty — Well equipped library and laboratories—Literary societies—Athletics—-Co-educational— Expenses very low. - $100 per year of eight months will pay tuition, board, room, etc. Comfortable dormitories with steam heat and gas light. COURSES OF STUDY Domestic Science for girls, cooking, sewing, dressmaking and embroidery. Pre-Academy—7th and 8th grades. Academy—Four years with diploma. Pre-Medical—Two years above academy. College—Four years leading to A. B. degree. Normal—Five years above grades with diploma. First Semester opened October 2, 1918. HARRY ANDREWS KING, President. BEREAN MANUAL TRAINING AND INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL South College Ave. and N. 19th Street Phila., Pa. Fall Term and Twentieth Year opened Tuesday, October 1, 1918. Domestic Art, Industrial Art, Mechanical Art, Commercial and English. Sessions both day and evening. Age, sex or previous training no bar if applicant has good character. Years of honorable records and worthy traditions our trade-mark. Helpfulness our object. Efficiency our aim. Write or visit the School now. MATTHEW ANDERSON, Principal 1926 S. College Ave. Phila., Pa. MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA. College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information, address JOHN HOPE, President. FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President BIDDLE UNIVERSITY CHARLOTTE, N. C. Blddle University, operated under the auspices of the Northern Presbyterian Church, has four Departments—High School, Arts and Sciences Theological and Industrial. The completion of a Grammar School course is the requirement for entrance to the first rear of the High School. The School of Arts and Sciences offers two courses of study, the Classical and the Scientific. In the scientific, German is substituted for Greek or Latin. The entrance requirement for the Freshman Class is 15 units of High School work. The Theological Department offers two courses, each consisting of three years. The first is purely English. Greek and Hebrew are taught in the others. All students in the High School Dept. are required to take trades in the Industrial Dept. For further Information, address President H. L. McCrorey, Charlotte. N. C. Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Christian influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College Preparatory, Normal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Nurse Training, Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. First Semester began October 1, 1918. For further information address W. A. FOUNTAIN, President BISHOP J. S. FLIPPER, Chairman Trustee Board. Mention The Crisis. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Fall Term Began September 18, 1918. For information address President R. W. Mc GRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gathered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M.	 W. DOGAN, President COLEMAN COLLEGE GIBSLAND, LA. Supported by Baptist State Woman's Home Mission Society of Chicago and Boston and A. B. H . Society of New York. Students from six different states. Graduates ex empted on first grade by Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma. O.	 L. COLEMAN, President THE A. &amp; T. COLLEGE SUMMER SCHOOL THE TWENTIETH ANNUAL SESSION will begin June 16th, and continue for six weeks. In addition to the courses for teach ers of academic subjects, strong courses will be given for teachers of Agriculture, Manual Training, Domestic Art, Rama and Basketry. The following noted institutions are represented on the faculty: Harvard Columbia Cornell Chicago Howard Union Atlanta Fisk Drexel Ins. Hampton Ins. Myrtilla Minor Normal School Armour Institute of Technology Ithaca Conservatory of Music Pratt Institute A. &amp; T. College Summer School Bulletins are sent on request Every modern sanitary convenience can be found in the commodious dormitories. Bath rooms with showers and tubs are situated on every floor. For	 further information address PREST. DUDLEY A.and T. Summer School GREENSBORO, N. C. The Slater Industrial and State Normal School For Colored Youth of Both Sexes WINSTON-SALEM, N. C. I.	 Offering Standard Courses In Academic Subjects In Industrial and Vocational Subjects, In Education. II.	 Graduates receive the Teachers' Certificate. III.	 Located amid the foothills of the mountain section of Western North Carolina and the health conditions are ideal. IV.	 Accommodations excellent and expenses moderate. For further information communicate with S. G. ATKINS, Principal SLATER STATE NORMAL SCHOOL, Winston-Salem, N . C. Lincoln University Beginning September 22, 1919, the requirement for admission to the Theological Department will be graduation from _a College of Liberal Arts. Young Men wishing to prepare for the Ministry in a Seminary, all whose resources will henceforth be devoted to the education of the adequately trained alone, are invited to write to President, John B. Rendall Lincoln University P. 0., Pennsylvania. Summer School at the West Virginia Collegiate Institute June 16 to July 25 For	 further information address BYRD PRILLERMAN, President Institute, West Virginia. Bell Phone Spruce 1924 30-Day System Position Derrick Shorthand School Chads' Building 1435 Chestnut Street PHILADELPHIA Enroll Immediately to Hold Place in Class Send	 for Enrollment Blank and full information Day and Evening Classes NOTE—W e are already enrolling Summer Students and would advise all who desire to take Special Summer Course to send in application A T ONC E as places will be at a premium. Educational Institutions Continued on page 38? Mention the CRISIS. THE CRISIS Vol. 18-No. 1 MAY, 1919 Whole No. 103 Opinion of W. E. B. DuBois M Y MISSION I WEN T to Paris because today the destinies of mankind center there. Make no mistake as to this, my readers. Podunk may easily persuade itself that only Podunk matters and that nothing is going on in New York. The South Sea Islander may live ignorant and careless of London. Some Americans may think that Europe does not count, and a few Negroes may argue vociferously that the Negro problem is a domestic matter, to be settled in Richmond and New Orleans. But all these careless thinkers are wrong. The destinies of mankind for a hundred years to come are being settled today in a small room of the Hotel Crillon by four unobtrusive gentlemen who glance out speculatively now and then to Cleopatra's Needle on the Place de la Concorde. You need not believe this if you do not want to. They do not care what you believe. They have the POWER . They are settling the world's problems and you can believe what you choose as long as they control the ARMIES and NAVIES, the world supply of CAPITAL and the PRESS. Other folks of the world who think, believe and act;—THIRTY-TWONATIONS, PEOPLES and RACES, hav permanent headquarters in Paris. Not simply England, Italy and the Great Powers are there, but all the little nations; not simply little nations, but little groups who want to be nations, like the Letts and Finns, the Armenians and Jugo-Slavs, Irish and Ukrainians. Not only groups, but races have come—Jews, Indians, Arabs and All-Asia. Great churches, like the Greek Orthodox and the Roman Catholic, are watching on the ground. Great organizations, like the American Peace Society, the League to Enforce Peace, the American Federation of Labor, the Woman's Suffrage Association and a hundred others are represented in Paris today. In fine, not a single great, serious movement or idea in Government, Politics, Philanthropy or Industry in the civilized world has omitted to send and keep in Paris its Eyes and Ears and Fingers! And yet some American Negroes actually asked WH Y I went to help represent the Negro world in Africa and America and the Islands of the Sea. But why did I not explain my reasons and mission before going? Because I am not a fool. Because I knew perfectly well that any movement to bring the attention of the world to the Negro problem at this crisis would be stopped the moment the Great Powers heard of it. When, therefore, I was suddenly informed of a chance to go to France as a newspaper correspondent, I did not talk —I went. What did I do when I got there? First, there were certain things that I did NOT do. I did not hold an anti-lynching meeting on the Boulevard des Italiens. I would to God I 7 THE could have, but I knew that France is still under martial law,—that no meeting can be held today in France, anywhere or at any time, without the consent of the Government; no newspaper can publish a line without the consent of the Censor and no individual can stay in France unless the French consent. But it did not follow that because I could not do everything I could do nothing. I first went to the American Peace Commission and said frankly and openly: "I want to call a Pan-African Congress in Paris." The Captain to whom I spoke smiled and shook his head. "Impossible," he said, and added: "The French Government would not permit it." "Then," said I innocently: "It's up to me to get French consent!" "It is!" he answered, and he looked relieved. With the American Secret Service at my heels I then turned to the French Government. There are six colored deputies in the French Parliament and one is an under-secretary in the War Department. "Of course, we can have a Pan-African Congress," he said — "I'll see Clemenceau." He saw Clemenceau, and there was a week's pause. Clemenceau saw Pichon, and there was another pause. Meantime, our State Department chuckled and announced that there would be no Congress and refused Negroes passports. England followed suit and refused to allow the Secretary of the Aborigines Protection Society even to visit Paris, while the South African natives were not allowed to sail. But there are six Negroes in the French House and Clemenceau needs their votes. There were 280,000 black African troops in the war before whom France stands with uncovered head. The net result was that Clemenceau, Prime Minister of France, gave us permission to hold the Pan-African Congress in Paris. CRISIS What could a Pan-African Congress do? It could not agitate the Negro problem in any particular country, except in so far as that problem could be plausibly shown to be part of the problem of the future of Africa. The problem of the future of Africa was a difficult and delicate question before the Peace Conference —so difficult and so delicate that the Conference was disposed to welcome advice and co-operation. If the Negroes of the world could have maintained in Paris during the entire sitting of the Peace Conference a central headquarters with experts, clerks and helpers, they could have settled the future of Africa at a cost of less than $10,000. As it was the Congress cost $750. Yet with this meagre sum a Congress of fifty-eight delegates, representing sixteen different Negro groups, was assembled. This Congress passed resolutions which the entire press of the world has approved, despite the fact that these resolutions had two paragraphs of tremendous significance to us: Wherever persons of African descent are civilized and able to meet the tests of surrounding culture, they shall be accorded the same rights as their fellow citizens; they shall not be denied on account of race or color a voice in their own Government, justice before the courts and economic and social equality according to ability and desert. Whenever it is proven that African natives are not receiving just treat ment at the hands of any State or that any State deliberately excludes its civilized citizens or subjects of Negro descent from its body politic and cultural, it shall be the duty of the League of Nations to bring the mat ter to the attention of the civilized world. Precisely the same principles are being demanded today by the Jews OPINION and the Japanese. And despite the enormous significance of these de mands, Colonel House of the American Peace Commission received me and assured me that he wished these resolutions presented to the Peace Conference. Lloyd George wrote me that he would give our demands "his careful consideration." The French Premier offered to arrange an audi ence for the President and Secretary of the Conference. Portugal and Belgium, great colonial powers, offered complete co-operation. The League for the Rights of Man, which freed Dreyfus, appointed a special commission to hear not only of the African, but the facts as to the American Negro problem. We got, in fact, the ear of the civilized world and if it had been possible to stay longer and organize more thoroughly and spread the truth,— what might not have been accomplished ? As it was, we have organized the "Pan-African Congress" as a permanent body, with M . Diagne as president and myself as secretary, and we plan an international quarterly BLACK REVIEW to be issued in English, French and possibly in Spanish and Portuguese. The world-fight for black rights is on! ROBERT R. MOTON NEITHER R. R. Moton nor W. E. B. DuBois had the slightest idea that the other was planning to sail for France, December 1, until they met in Washington on a quest for passports, November 30. They sailed together on the Orizaba and frankly discussed their agreements and disagreements. When they reached France, each went about his own business. Dr. Moton was sent by the President of the United States and the Secretary of War to see and talk to Negro troops. Dr. DuBois was sent by the N. A. A. C. P. and THE CRISIS to gather the historical facts concerning Negro troops and to call a Pan-African Congress. On the night before Dr. Moton started out a colored man of national reputation and unquestioned integrity who had been in France six months took him aside and told him frankly the situation: the rampant American prejudice against black troops and officers and the bitter resentment of the victims. Dr. Moton's letters gave him every opportunity. A special Army Order preceded him, which read: Dr. R. R. Moton, President of Tuskegee University, will be present in the Divisional area for the next few days. The Division Commander directs that commanding officers render all possible assistance in any visit or inspection Dr. Moton desires to make. They will also see that he is accorded every opportunity to make any observation he may wish to make. What did Dr. Moton do? He rushed around as fast as possible. He took with him and had at his elbow every moment that evil genius of the Negro race, Thomas Jesse Jones, a white man. Dr. Moton took no time to investigate or inquire. He made a few speeches, of which one is reported by a hearer as follows: The address delivered by Dr. Moton to the men consisted of one or two jokes by a colored preacher, the assurance that the people at home were proud of them and the manner in which they should act upon their return to the United States, dwelling almost entirely upon the phrase "Not to be arrogant." After he had spoken to the men the Major informed the officers that Dr. Moton desired to hold secret conference with them. All officers congregated in the office. After being presented to the officers Dr. Moton stated that he had been sent to France by President Wilson and Mr. Baker for the purpose of speaking to the colored troops. He also stated that he had just left Paris where he had been in conference with President Wilson and had asked the President his views as to the practical application of democracy toward the colored man in the United States, but ending by saying: "I was very much pleased with his reply; but, gentlemen, I cannot quote the President." After Dr. Moton finished his talk no opportunity was given to the officers to inform him of the conditions that had existed in France, and he did not seek any information relative to same from any of the officers after the conference ended. Dr. Moton then returned to Paris and met Colonel House, General Pershing and others. Colonel House told the writer that he urged Dr. Moton to remain in Paris and that if he would, Colonel House would give him an opportunity to appear in person before the Peace Conference to speak for the black world. Dr. Moton refused to stay, but promised to return. He then went to England and secured an audience with Lloyd George, A LEAGUE OF NATIONS is Prime Minister of England. The destiny of the black race today is in the hands of England and the destiny of England is in the hands of Lloyd national power to curb the anti-George. Yet, Dr. Moton did not keep Negro policy of the his appointment; but rushed to catch his boat in order to be present at the Tuskegee Conference. He sailed, with Thomas Jesse Jones still watching him, and did not return to Paris or to the Pan-African Congress, which he said he favored and promised to support. No one questions the personal integrity of Robert Russa Moton or his kindly disposition, but no one, friend or foe, can look these facts in the face and not feel bitter disappointment. CRISIS TO MR. EMMETT SCOTT THE Negro world and you will bear us witness that THE CRISIS and its Editor has given you loyal and unselfish co-operation, even at the cost of suspicion and criticism. We have done this, FIRST, because the war demanded, and had a right to demand, unswerving loyalty and unity on the part of the Nation and its constituent groups; and, SECONDLY, because we believed that you were doing all that was possible under very difficult circumstances. A visit to Europe has, however, revealed to the Editor a state of affairs in regard to Negro troops which is simply astounding! Some of these facts we are publishing this month and others we shall reveal later. Meantime, we are withholding judgment in your case and simply asking you publicly three questions: 1. Did you know the treatment which black troops were receiving in France? 2. If you did NOT know, why did you not find out? 3. If you DID know, what did you do about it? THE LEAGUE OF NATIONS absolutely necessary to the salvation of the Negro race. Unless we have some super- United States and South Africa, we are doomed eventually to fight for our rights. The proposed internation will have overwhelming influences around it which will oppose the doctrines of "race" antagonism and inferiority. It will from the beginning recognize Negro nations. It will be open to the larger influences of civilization and culture which are ineffective in the United States because of the prevailing barbarism of the ruling classes in the South and their overwhelming polit OPINION ical power. What we cannot accomplish before the choked conscience of America, we have an infinitely better chance to accomplish before the organized Public Opinion of the World. Peace for us is not simply Peace from impossible. Mr. C. G. Woodson, EditorWars like the The  relief of past, butJournal from the spectre of the Great War of Races which will be absolutely inevitable unless the selfish nations of white civilization are curbed by a Great World Congress in which black and white and yellow sit and speak and act. The refusal to adopt the Japanese race equality amendment is deplorable, but it is an argument for and not against a Nation of Nations. It is the Beginning of a mighty End. HISTORY MOST American Negroes do not realize that the imperative duty of the moment is to fix in history the status of our Negro troops. Already sub 1. That the truth concerning Negroestle influences are preparingthis a fatal in war attack. It is repeated openly among influential persons: "The black laborers did well—the black privates can fight—but the Negro officer is a failure." This is not true and the facts exist to disprove it, but they must be marshalled with historical vision and scientific accuracy. Sensing this some months ago, the Revolution of the Twentieth National Association for the Century." Advancement of Colored People commissioned Dr. DuBois to prepare a history and appropriated $2,000 toward the expense. Dr. DuBois immediately sought to associate with him — not as subordinates, but on terms of full equality — a board of three or four editors and a large consulting board of colored men. It immediately developed that co-operation was impossible. A white man, Mr. F. P. Stockbridge of New York, had already planned and was preparing a popular history and had secured the co-operation of Mr. Emmett Scott and others. Neither he nor Mr. Scott wished to change their plans and neither would accept co-operation, except upon terms which we deemed impossible. Mr. C. G. Woodson, Editor of The Journal of Negro History, refused to co-operate except as Editor-in-Chief. Unity being thus plainly impossible, Dr. DuBois disposed to drop the project as far as he was personally concerned and leave the work to others. The Executive Officers of the N . A . A. C. P., however, thought it best for Dr. DuBois to proceed to France and look over the field especially with regard to a Pan-African Congress and the facts obtainable there concerning Negro troops. The result of this trip is that we are convinced: 1. That the truth concerning Negroes in this war must be told impartially and entirely. 2. That no person in official position dare tell the whole truth. 3. That notwithstanding the unfortunate duplication of effort and multiplying of histories, i t is the plain duty of the N . A . A . C. P. and THE CRISIS to compile and publish a complete history of "The Negro in the Revolution of the Twentieth Century." Such a history is, therefore, projected in three volumes, preceded by a brief forecast. The forecast will be issued as a supplement to the June CRISIS. It will be a short but complete history of the Negro in the war. It will be followed this year by Volume I of the full history; Volumes II and III will appear in 1920 and 1921. Every reader of THE CRISIS is asked to help in the compilation of this history. Please write us immediately and let us know what co-operation we may expect. THE CRISIS RAPE THE charge of rape against colored Americans was invented by the white South after Reconstruction to excuse mob violence. No such wholesale charge was dreamed of in slavery days and during the war black men were often the sole protection of white women. After the war, when murder and mob violence was the recognized method of re-enslaving blacks, it was discovered that it was only necessary to add a charge of rape to justify before the North and Europe any treatment of Negroes. The custom became widespread. In vain have Negroes and their friends protested that in less than one-quarter of the cases of lynching Negroes has rape been even alleged as an excuse. And in the alleged cases guilt has not been even probable in the vast majority of cases. We do not for a moment deny or seek to deny that Negroes are guilty of rape and of other horrible crimes. What we do deny and what the facts overwhelmingly prove is that as a race they are less guilty of such crimes of violence than any other group similarly oppressed by poverty and compulsory ignorance. Today the nasty and absolutely false charge returns to justify the outrageous treatment of Negroes by Americans in France. What is the truth ? I have written to twenty-one Mayors of towns and cities in all parts of France where Negro troops have been quartered asking them as to the conduct of black troops. These are some of their replies: Montmorillon (Vienne) "They have earned our high re gard by their discipline and their faultless behavior." Le Mans (Sarthe) "They have been accused of no crimes or misdemeanors." St. Die (Vosges) "Very excellent conduct." Bourbonne les Bains (Haute-Marne) "Pleasant remembrances and irreproachable conduct." Liverdun (Meurthe-et-Moselle) "Excellent conduct — no complaints." Rayon l'Etape (Vosges) "Fine character and exquisite courtesy." Fresne (Haute-Marne) "No complaints concerning their conduct." Domfront (Orne) "Won the esteem and sympathy of all the population." Marbache (Meurthe et Moselle) "No complaint — well disciplined." Bordeaux (Gironde) "No unfavorable comments." Serqueux (Haute-Marne) "Well-conducted-—no crimes." Chamberey (Savoie) "Proud to welcome them." Brest (Finistere) "Not qualified to give information." St. Nazaire (Loire Inferieure) "Cannot give any information." Docelles (Vosges) "Good conduct, good discipline and fine spirit." Couptrain (Mayenne) "Perfect propriety without complaint." Gezoncourt (Meurthe-et-Moselle) "No complaint as to conduct or morals." Frouard (Meurthe-et-Moselle) "Well-regulated conduct." We have, too, official figures covering the Ninety-second Division, consisting of Negro troops, with largely Negro company officers. Only ONE soldier of the Ninety-second Division in France was convicted of rape, while TWO others were convicted of intent to rape. It is doubtful if another Division OPINION of the U. S. Army in France has a better record. What was the real animus back of this wholesale accusation? It was the fact that many Americans would rather have lost the war than to see a black soldier talking to a white woman. For instance, the Mayor of Bar-sur-Aube issued this Order, on June 26, 1918: According to orders given by American Military authorities, it is strongly recommended that no French women receive visits from colored soldiers or talk tvith them on the streets. On the other hand, what is the official American opinion of Negro troops? General Pershing in his address to the Ninety-second Division at Le Mans, France, January 29, 1919, said: "The Ninety-second Division has, without a doubt, been a success in its work at the front, and I desire to compliment the officers and men upon the discipline and morale which has existed in this command during its stay in France." Brigadier-General Hay, 184th Brigade, Ninety-second Division, said: "I have been with colored troops for twenty-five years, and I have never seen a better soldier." Captain Willis, Supply Officer, 365th Infantry, said: "The troops of the Ninety-second Division are the best disciplined and best saluting soldiers I have seen in France." Brigadier-General Sherburne said: "The Brigade Commander wishes to record in General Orders the entire satisfaction it has given him to have commanded the first brigade of Negro Artillery ever organized. This satisfaction is due to the excellent record the men have made." Allen J. Greer, Colonel, General Staff, signs this order of General Ballou: "Five months ago today the Ninety -second Division landed in France. "After seven weeks of training it took over a Sector in the Front Line and since that time some portion of the Division has been practically continuously under fire. "It participated in the last battle of the War with creditable success, continually pressing the attack against highly organized defensive works. It advanced successfully on the first day of the battle, attaining its objectives and capturing poisoners. This in the face of determined opposition by an alert enemy and against rifle, machine guns and artillery fire. The issue of the second day's battle, was rendered indecisive by the order to cease firing at eleven a. m., ivhen the Armistice became effective." A report from the officer in charge of Leave Area, November 6, 1918, says: "Nothing but the highest praise can be given the colored soldier for the manner in which he conducted himself while in France. He conducted himself in a gentlemanly manner in every sector in which the Division operated, and won for himself the love and commendation of the French people." RETURNING SOLDIERS are returning from war! TH E CRISIS and tens of thousands of black men were drafted into a great struggle. For bleeding France and what she means and has meant and will mean to us and humanity and against the threat of German race arrogance, we fought gladly and to the last drop of blood; for America and her highest ideals, we fought in far-off hope; for the dominant southern oligarchy entrenched in Washington, we fought in bitter resignation. For the America that represents and gloats in lynching, disfranchisement, caste, brutality and devilish insult— TH E CRISIS for this, in the hateful upturning and mixing of things, we were forced by vindictive fate to fight, also. But today we return! We return from the slavery of uniform which the world's madness demanded us to don to the freedom of civil garb. We stand again to look America squarely in the face and call a spade a spade. We sing: This country of ours, despite all its better souls have done and dreamed, is yet a shameful land. It lynches. And lynching is barbarism of a degree of contemptible nastiness unparalleled in human history. Yet. for fifty years we have lynched two Negroes a week, and we have kept this up right through the war. It disfranchises its own citizens. Disfranchisement is the deliberate theft and robbery of the only protection of poor against rich and black against white. The land that disfranchises its citizens and calls itself a democracy lies and knows it lies. It encourages ignorance. It has never really tried to educate the Negro. A dominant minority does not want Negroes educated. It wants servants, dogs, whores and monkeys. And when this land allows a reactionary group by its stolen political power to force as many black folk into these categories as it possibly can, it cries in contemptible hypocrisy : "They threaten us with degener acy ; they cannot be educated." It steals from us. It organizes industry to cheat us. It cheats us out of our land; it cheats us out of our labor. It confiscates our savings. It reduces our wages. It raises our rent. It steals our profit. It taxes us without representation. It keeps us consistently and universally poor, and then feeds us on charity and derides our poverty. It insults us. It has organized a nation-wide and latterly a world-wide propaganda of deliberate and continuous insult and defamation of black blood wherever found. It decrees that it shall not be possible in travel nor residence, work nor play, education nor instruction for a black man to exist without tacit or open acknowledgment of his inferiority to the dirtiest white dog. And it looks upon any attempt to question or even discuss this dogma as arrogance, unwarranted assumption and treason. This is the country to which we Soldiers of Democracy return. This is the fatherland for which we fought! But it is our fatherland. It was right for us to fight. The faults of our country are our faults. Under similar circumstances, we would fight again. But by the God of Heaven, we are cowards and jackasses if now that that war is over, we do not marshal every ounce of our brain and brawn to fight a sterner, longer, more unbending battle against the forces of hell in our own land. We return. We return from fighting. We return fighting. Make way for Democracy! We saved it in France, and by the Great Jehovah, we will save it in the United States of America, or know the reason why. PREJUDICE GEORGIA DOUGLAS JOHNSON These fell miasmic rings of mist, with ghoulish menace bound, Their noose-horizons tightening my little world around, They still the throbbing will to sing, to dance, to speed away, And fling the soul insurgent back into its shell of clay: Beneath these crusted silences a seething Etna lies, The fire of whose furnaces may sleep but never dies! NEEDHAM ROBERTS, 369th U. S. INFANTRY, FORMERLY 15TH N. Y. N, G., DECORATED WITH THE CROIX DE GUERRE, WITH PALM, AND WEARING TWO SERVICE STRIPES AND TWO WOUND STRIPES. 15 DOCUMENTS OF THE WAR COLLECTED   BY   W. E. BURGHARDT DUBOIS THE following documents have come into the hands of the Editor. He has absolute proof of their authenticity. The first document was sent out last August at the request of the American Army by the French Committee which is the official means of communication between the American forces and the French. It represents American and not French opinion and we have been informed that when the French Ministry heard of the distribution of this document among the Prefects and Sous-Prefects of France, they ordered such copies to be collected and burned. MISSION MILITAIRE FRANÇAISE près l'Armée Américaine. Le 7 août 1918. CONFIDENTIEL AU SUJET DES TROUPES NOIRES AMERICAINES 1°. Il importe que les Officiers Français appelés à exercer un commandement sur les troupes noires américaines, ou à vivre à leur contact, aient une notion exacte de la situation des nègres aux ETATS-UNIS. Les considérations exposées dans la note suivante devraient donc leur être communiquées, et il y a un intérêt considérable, à ce qu'elles soient connues et largement diffuses. Il appartiendra mémo aux Autorités Militaires Françaises, de renseigner à ce sujet par l'intermédiaire des Autorités civiles, les populations françaises des cantonncmonts de troupes américaines de couleur. 2°. Le point de vue américain sur la "question nègre" peut paraître discutable à bien des esprits français. Mais il ne nous appartient pas, à nous Français, de discuter ce que certains appellent un "préjudice." L'opinion Américaine est unanime sur la "question noire," et n'admettrait pas la discussion. Le nombre élevé de nègres aux ETATS-UNIS (15 millions environ) créérait pour la race blanche de la République un danger de dégénérescence si une séparation inexorable n'était faite entre noirs et blancs. Comme ce danger n'existe pas pour la race française, le public français s'est habitué à traiter familièrement le "noir" et à être très indulgent à son égard. Cette indulgence et cette familiarité blessent profendément les Américains. Ils les considèrent comme une atteinte à leurs dogmes nationaux. Ils craignent que le contact des Français n'inspirent aux noirs américains des prétentions qu'ils considèrent comme intolérables. Il est indispensable que tous  les  efforts soient faits pour éviter FRENCH MILITARY MISSION Stationed with the American Army August 7, 1918. SECRET INFORMATION CONCERNING BLACK AMERICAN TROOPS 1. It is important for French officers who have been called upon to exercise command over black American troops, or to live in close contact with them, to have an exact idea of the position occupied by Negroes in the United States. The information set forth in the following communication ought to be given to these officers and it is to their interest to have these matters known and widely disseminated. It will devolve likewise on the French Military Authorities, through the medium of the Civil Authorities, to give information on this subject to the French population residing in the cantonments occupied by American colored troops. 2. The American attitude upon the Negro question may seem a matter for discussion to many French minds. But we French are not in our province if we undertake to discuss what some call "prejudice." American opinion is unanimous on the "color question" and does not admit of any discussion. The increasing number of Negroes in the United States (about 15,000,000) would create for the white race in the Republic a menace of degeneracy were it not that an impassable gulf has been made between them. As this danger does not exist for the French race, the French public has become accustomed to treating the Negro with familiarity and indulgence. This indulgence and this familiarity are matters of grievous concern to the Ameri-cans. They consider them an affront to their national policy. They are afraid that contact with the French will inspire in black Americans aspirations which to them 16 DOCUMENTS OF THE WAR 17 d'indisposer profondément l'opinion américaine. Bien que citoyen des ETATS UNIS, l'homme de couleur est considéré par l'Américain Blanc comme un être inférieur avec lequel on ne peut avoir que des relations d'affaires ou de service. On lui reproche une certaine inintelligence, son indiscrétion, son manque de conscience civique ou professionnelle, sa familiarité. Les vices du nègre sont un danger constant pour l'Américain, qui doit les réprimer sévèrement. Par exemple, les troupes noires Américaines en France ont donné lieu, à elles seules, à autant de plaintes pour tentatives de viol, que tout le reste de l'Armée, et cependant, on ne nous a envoyé comme soldats qu'une élite au point de vue physique et moral, car le déchet, à l'incorporation a été énorme. CONCLUSION 1°. Il faut éviter toute intimité trop grande d'officiers français avec des officiers noirs, avec lesquels, on peut être correct et aimable, mais qu'on ne peut traiter sur le même pied que des officiers blancs Américains sans blesser profondément ces derniers. Il ne faut pas partager leur table et éviter le serrement de mains et les conversations ou fréquentations en dehors du service. 2°. Il ne faut pas vanter d'une manière exagérée les troupes noires américains, surtout devant des Américains. Reconnaître leurs qualités et leurs services, mais en termes modérés conformes à la stricte réalité. 3°. Tâcher d'obtenir des populations des cantonnements qu'elle ne gâtent pas les nègres. Les Américains sont indignés de toute intimité PUBLIQUE de femme blanche avec des noirs. Ils ont élevé récemment des véhémentes protestations contre une gravure de la "Vie Parisienne" intitulée "l'Enfant du Dessert" représentant une femme en cabinet particulier avec un nègre. Les familiarités des blanches avec les noirs sont, du reste, profondément regrettées de nos coloniaux expérimentés qui y voient une perte considérable du prestige de la race blanche. L'autorité militaire ne peut intervenir directement dans cette question, mais elle peut influer sur les populations par les Autorités civiles. (Signé) LINARD. [the whites] appear intolerable. It is of the utmost importance that every effort be made to avoid profoundly estranging American opinion. Although a citizen of the United States, the black man is regarded by the white American as an inferior being with whom relations of business or service only arc possible. The black is constantly being censured for his want of intelligence and discretion, his lack of civic and professional conscience and for his tendency toward undue familiarity. The vices of the Negro are a constant menace to the American who has to repress them sternly. For instance, the black American troops in France have, by themselves, given rise to as many complaints for attempted rape as all the rest of the army. And yet the [black American] soldiers sent us have been the choicest with respect to physique and morals, for the number disqualified at the time of mobilization was enormous. CONCLUSION 1. We must prevent the rise of any pronounced degree of intimacy between French officers and black officers. We may be courteous and amiable with these last, but we cannot deal with them on the same plane as with the white American officers without deeply wounding the latter. We must not eat with them, must not shake hands or seek to talk or meet with them outside of the requirements of military service. 2. We must not commend too highly the black American troops, particularly in the presence of [white] Americans. It is all right to recognize their good qualities and their services, but only in moderate terms, strictly in keeping with the truth. 3. Make a point of keeping the native cantonment population from "spoiling" the Negroes. [White] Americans become greatly incensed at any public expression of intimacy between white women with black men. They have recently uttered violent protestsi against a picture in the "Vie Parisienne" entitled "The Child of the Desert" which shows a [white] woman in a "cabinet particulier" with a Negro. Fa miliarity on the part of white women with black men is furthermore a source of profound regret to our experienced colonials who see in it an over-weening menace to the prestige of the white race. Military authority cannot intervene 18 THE CRISIS directly in this question, but it can through the civil authorities exercise some influence on the population. The following document is a specimen of the numerous and continuous requests made by white commanders of colored regiments to get rid of colored officers. It will be noted that at the date this document was sent Colored officers had had very little chance to prove their efficiency. G.	 H. G., A. E. F. 8/25/1918 11440-A124 Headquarters 372nd Infantry S.	 P. 179, France August 24, 1918. From: The Commanding Officer, 372nd Infantry. To: The Commanding General, American E.	 F. Subject:	 Replacement of Colored Officers by White Officers. 1. Request that colored officers of this regiment be replaced by white officers for the following reasons: First: The racial distinctions which are recognized in civilian life naturally continue to be recognized in the military life and present a formidable barrier to the existence of that feeling of comradeship which is essential to mutual confidence and esprit de corp. Second: With a few exceptions there is a characteristic tendency among the colored officers to neglect the welfare of their men and to perform their duties in a perfunctory manner. They are lacking in initiative. These defects entail a constant supervision and attention to petty details by battalion commanders and other senior officers which distract their attention from their wider September 4, 1918—To Commandingduties; with harmful results. General, A. E. F„ France. 2. To facilitate the desired readjustment of officer personnel it is recommended, A. That no colored officers be forwarded to this regiment as replacements, or otherwise. B. That officers removed upon recommendation of efficiency boards be promptly replaced by white officers of like grade. But, if white officers are not available as replacements; white officers of lower grades be forwarded instead. C. That the opportunity be afforded to transfer the remaining colored combat officer personnel to labor organizations or to replacement units for other colored combat organizations according to their suitability. 3. Reference letter No. 616-3s written by Commanding General, 157th D. I. on the subject August 21, 1918, and forwarded to your office through military channels. (Signed)	 Herschel Tupes, Colonel, 372nd Infantry. Received A . G. O. 26th Aug., 1918, G.	 H. Q., A. E. F. 1st Ind. [Endorsement.] G. H. Q., A. E. F., France, August 28, 1918 —To Commanding Officer, 372nd Infantry, A.	 E. F. 1.	 Returned. 2.	 Paragraph two is approved. 3. You will submit by special courier requisition for white officers to replace officers relieved upon the recommendation of efficiency board. 4. You will submit list of names of officers that you recommend to be transferred to labor organization or to replacement units for other colored combat organizations; stating in each case the qualifications of the officers recommended. By	 command of General Pershing: (Signed) W. P. Bennett, Adjutant General. 2nd Ind. [Endorsement.] Hg. 372nd Infantry, S. P., 179, France, 1. Requisition in compliance with par. 3, 1st. Ind. is enclosed herewith. Special attention is invited to the filling of two original vacancies by app. * * * THE following letter was sent contrary to military regulations to a U. S. Senator by the man who was Chief of Staff of the colored Ninety-second Division; in other words, by the man who more than any DOCUMENTS OF THE WAR other single person was responsible for the morale and efficiency of this Division. We shall prove later that every essential statement made in this letter against Negro troops is either false or misleading. Headquarters VI Army Corps American Expeditionary Forces Dec. 6, 1918. M y Dear Senator: Now that a reorganization of the army is in prospect, and as all officers of the temporary forces have been asked if they desire to remain in the regular army, I think I ought to bring a matter to your attention that is of vital importance not only from a military point of view but from that which all Southerners have. I refer to the question of Negro officers and Negro troops. I have been Chief of Staff of the 92nd (Colored) Division since its organization, and shall remain on such duty until it starts its movement in a few days back to the United States, when I go to the 6th Corps as the Chief of the Operation Section of that unit. M y position has been such that I can speak from intimate knowledge and what I have to say is based on facts which I know fully and not from secondhand information. To start with: all company officers of infantry, machine guns and engineers were Negroes; as were also most of the artillery lieutenants and many of the doctors. Gradually as their incompetence became perfectly evident to all, the engineers and artillerymen, were replaced by white officers. They remained with the infantry until the end, and also with a few exceptions with the machine guns. The record of the division is one which will probably never be given full publicity, but the bare facts are about as follows. We came to France in June, were given seven weeks in training area instead of the four weeks in training area usually allotted, then went to a quiet sector of the front. From there we went to the Argonne and in the offensive starting there on September 26, had one regiment in the line, attached to the 38th French Corps. They failed there in all their missions, laid down and sneaked to the rear, until they were withdrawn. Thirty of the officers of this regiment alone were reported either for cowardice or failure to prevent their men from retreating— and this against very little opposition. The French and our white field officers did' all that could possibly have been done; but the troops were impossible. One of our majors commanding a battalion said "The men are rank cowards there is no other word for it." Next we were withdrawn to another de fensive sector where we remained until the armistice; having some minor engagements against any enemy who had no offensive intentions. During our career, counting the time in America, we have had about thirty cases of rape, among which was one where twenty-two men at Camp Grant raped one woman, and we have had eight (I believe) reported in France with about fifteen attempts besides. There have been any number of self-inflicted wounds, among others one captain. There have been numerous accidental shootings, several murders, and also several cases of patrols or sentinels shooting at each other. And at the same time, so strict had been the supervision and training that many officers passing through our areas would remark that our men actually had the outer marks of better discipline than the other divisions. They were punctillious about saluting, their appearance was excellent. They kept their animals and equipment in good condition. General Bullard, commanding our Second Army, asked me my estimate and I said they could do anything but fight. They have in fact been dangerous to no one except themselves and women. In these organizations where we have white company officers, namely the artillery and engineers, we have had only one case of rape. The undoubted truth is that the Colored officers neither control nor care to control the men. They themselves have been engaged very largely in the pursuit of French women, it being their first opportunity to meet white women who did not treat them as servants. During the entire time we have been operating there has never been a single operation conducted by a colored officer, where his report did not have to be investigated by some field officer to find out what the real facts were. Accuracy and ability to describe facts is lacking in all, and most of them are just plain liars in addition. The foregoing is just to give you an insight into the facts. Should any effort be made to have Negro officers, or for that THE CRISIS 20 matter Negro troops, the career of this division should be asked for; and every officer who has been a field officer of the 92nd Division should be summoned before the Committee to give his experience and opinions. Their statements, based on a year's experience should certainly carry a great deal of weight, and all of them state the same thing, only varying in extremes. With best wishes, I am Sincerely yours, (Signed) Allen J . Greer, Colonel, General Staff, U. S. A . Hon. Kenneth D. McKellar, United States Senate, Washington, D. C. * * * THE following letter written by a Negro officer to an American friend illustrates the temper and difficulties of the situation in France. 19 Feb., 1919. I have been hoping that you would be able to drop in on us here before our departure. We are slated to leave here at 4 A . M . on the 21st supposedly aboard the Aquitania. It was my desire to talk with you about the offer to officers and men i n the A . E . F . to attend a school in France or England. I made application and was shown the endorsement by the Regt. Commander, that the offer did not apply to transient officers. The knowledge was obtained from a teleg ram received from Hdq. One of our officers went to the Commanding General of this Camp to obtain a copy of the telegram which could not be or was not produced. Capt. went in person to the General and requested permission to attend stating that he volunteered for service, left his practise and family at a sacrifice and that he thought the Govt, owed it to him to give him a chance and attend school here. The General took his name and the Organization to which he belongs promi sing to let him hear from him, but as yet nothing has been done. This Camp is pract ically a penal institution and prejudice against us is very strong. Some day there is likely to be some grave disturbance here. The conditions are simply awful : mud everywhere, leaky tents and barracks and lack of sufficient and proper toilets. The men are worked quite hard, some at night and others in the day, rain or shine. As a consequence there are quite a number of sick men in our organization. Since our arrival here, the roads have been improved quite a bit (due to the work of the 92nd div.) and you do not have to wade in ankle deep mud. Board walks here to nearly all the tents and barracks. There is so much talk about the rotten conditions that the Camp Officials are making feverish efforts to be ready for the proposed inquiry. The work of each organization is graded by the Camp Officer in Charge of details, and if not satisfactory, the organization may be placed at the bottom of the sailing list or removed temporarily. Commanding Officers of separate units or regiments are practically helpless and if they complain too much against the treatment accorded them, are kept here until the Commanding General sees fit to let them go. I am beginning to wonder whether it will ever be possible for me to see an American (white) without wishing that he were in his Satanic Majesty's private domain. I must pray long and earnestly that hatred of my fellow man be removed f r om my heart and that I can truthfully lay claim to bei ng a Christian. NOTES THE following instances of color discrimination are taken at random from, among numbers of similar cases. This memorandum was sent to the Commanding Officer, 367th Infantry: 1. Company " D " of your organization has been designated by the Central Embarkation Office as a coaling detail for U. S. S. Virginia. 2. This detail with all officers and men will report at Naval Surgeon's Office, foot of Rue de Siam, Brest, at 8:30 a. m., February 9, 1919. Detail will march from camp not later than 7 a. m. 3. All equipment and officers' hand baggage will be taken. You will arrange for truck with Camp Transportation Officer Building No. 2, Camp Headquarters. Truck will be furnished at 5 a. m. 4. All embarkation regulation will be followed. The detail will be checked aboard the vessel by an officer from the Central Embarkation Office. The detail will not return to camp. By Command of Brig . General Butler, L . S. SCHMIDT, Major A. G., Adjutant. DOCUMENTS OF THE WAR There was an order issued from the Central Embarkation Office to the effect that when troops were designated as a coaling detail, they would go on board with all regulations for embarkation completed and would not return to camp, but would proceed to the United States on board the ship that they had coaled. When the Executive Officer of the Virginia discovered that these troops were Colored, he requested Admiral Halstead to have these Colored troops taken off board, after having coaled the vessel, as it was a precedent in the navy that no Colored troops had ever traveled on board of a United States battleship. This request was then sent by Admiral Halstead to the Central Embarkation Office, and the Colored Troops were placed on board a tug and sent back to Brest. When they arrived in Brest, it was late at night, they had no orders as to where to proceed, were without a place to stay and	 anything to eat. Before leaving the ship the Colored com manding officer of the troops received the following letter from the officer under whom the men worked: U. S. S. Virginia, Brest,	 France, 11 February, 1919. 1. I take pleasure in commending you and the officers and men under your command in connection with the coaling of this ship, and at the same time wish to express my appreciation of the good conduct and the high state of discipline of your command. H. J . ZIEGMINE, Captain V. S. Navy, Commanding. * * * During November, 1918, Colored Artillery officers were in school at Vannes; a number of dances was given by the French ladies which were called the Franco-American dances. These dances were given for char ity and a fee was charged for admission. The Colored Officers, who composed what was known as the 167th Brigade Detachment, attended several of these dances, and were entertained by and danced with the French ladies of the town. The matter was then brought to the attention of General Horn, who	 was in command of the school, whereupon he issued an order that no officer of the 167th Brigade Detachment would be permitted to attend a dance where a fee was charged. The 167th Brigade Detachment was composed entirely of Colored officers, so that the order referred only to them, but had no effect upon the white officers who were in attendance at the school. * * * Headquarters, Area "D, " January 25, 1919. MEMORANDUM To C. O. 367th Infantry: White officers desiring: meals in their quarters will have their orderlies report to Lieutenant Williams at the Tent adjoining Area Headquarters for cards to present at Officers' Mess. Al l colored officers will mess at Officers' Mess in D-17. F. M. CRAWFORD, First Lieutenant Infantry, Area "D." =i= * * HEADQUARTERS FORWARDING CAM P AMERICAN EMBARKATION CENTER A.	 P. O. 766, A. E. F. January 21, 1919. Memorandum: No. 229, E. O. To Al l Organizations: 1. For your information and guidance. Program Reference Visit of General Pershing, 9:30 A. M. Arrive Forwarding Camp. Al l troops possible, except Colored, to be under arms. Formation to be as designated by General Longan. Only necessary supply work and police work to be performed up to time troops are dismissed in order that they may prepare for reception of General Pershing. As soon as dismissed men to get into working clothes and to go to their respective tasks in order that Commander-in-Chief may see construction going on. (Work of altering' dry delousing plant not to be interrupted). Colored troops who are not at work to be in their quarters or at their tents By command of BRIGADIER-GENERAL LONGAN. RICHARD I. LEVY, Major, C.A.C., U.S.A. Camp, Adjutant. WILL every Negro officer and soldier who reads these documents make himself a committee of one to see that the Editor of TH E CRISIS receives documents, diaries and information such as will enable THE CRISIS history of the war to be complete, true and unanswerable? RED CROSS NURSES, BASE HOSPITAL. CAMP GRANT. ILLINOIS. 22 National Association for the Advancement of Colored-People. ANTI-LYNCHING CONFERENCE MAY 5-6 A T the meeting of the Anti-Lynching Committee, held in Boston, last November, at Mr. Moorfield Storey's office, it was voted that the committee arrange for a conference to be held in the spring to protest to the country at large against the crime of lynching and to consider what means might be taken to put a stop to it. The committee was unanimous in its opinion that something must be done to awaken the people of America to the nation's lawlessness and to its acquiescence in this lawlessness. For equally important with a knowledge of the grim barbarity of lynching is the knowledge that this crime is never punished. The committee accordingly made arrangements for a national conference to attack lynch law and to decide upon such measures as should be taken to bring it to an end. The Conference will be held in New York, on May fifth and sixth. It will open with a mass meeting in Carnegie Hall on the evening of May fifth, to be addressed by no less distinguished a person than Charles Evans Hughes. The following day, morning and afternoon sessions will be held at the Association of the Bar of the City of New York. During these two meetings practical plans will be discussed and committees appointed to deal with the suppression of lynching. On the evening of the sixth a second mass meeting will be held at Ethical Culture Hall. We print in full the call and the names of the signers. The response from statesmen, legislators, lawyers, judges, educators, and religious leaders, has been very gratifying. It shows conclusively that something tangible will be done. Among those who have issued this call are eight governors and ex-governors, including the present Governor of Georgia, and the Hon. Emmet O'Neal, ex-Governor of Alabama, but here is the call with its signers: NATIONAL CONFERENCE ON LYNCHING THE prevalence in many states of the spirit which tolerates lynching, accompanied too often with inhuman cruelty, and the inability or unwillingness of the public authorities to punish the persons who are guilty of this crime, threaten very seriously the future peace of the nation. Not only is lynching a denial of the right secured by law to every man of a fair trial before an established court in case he is charged with crime, not only does it brutalize the communities which suffer it by breeding a spirit of lawlessness and cruelty in the young people who see barbarities unpunished and uncondemned, not only does it terrorize important bodies of our citizens, but it inevitably leads the people whose rights are thus trampled upon to leave the regions where their lives, their families and their property are in danger, and move to others where they can find peace and protection, thus disturbing the labor situation all over the country. It also blots our fair fame as a nation, for we cannot claim to be civilized until our laws are respected and enforced and our citizens secured against the hideous cruelties of which we are constantly furnishing fresh examples. It is time that we should wake to the need of action, and that public opinion, irresistible when aroused, should be enlisted against this barbarism in our midst. To this end we invite our fellow-citizens to attend or send delegates to a convention which will be held in New York City, on the Fifth and Sixth of May, Nineteen Hundred and Nineteen, in order to take concerted action against lynching and lawlessness wherever found, and to consider what measures should be adopted to abate them. It is hoped that the whole country will I be represented and that the action taken may be backed by a powerful public opinion of law-abiding men and women. 23 THE CRISIS HENRY J, ALLEN SIMEON E. BALDWIN LEVI L. BARBOUR GEORGE GORDON BATTLE J. R. BINGHAM CHARLES J. BONAPARTE EMMET D. BOYLE DESHA BRECKENRIDGE HORACE J. BRIDGES EDWARD OSGOOD BROWN N . MURRAY BUTLER GEORGE L. CADY ARTHUR CAPPER MRS. SHEARS CARNOVALLE ORRIN N. CARTER MOSES EDWIN CLAPP WILLIAM F. COCHRAN STOUGHTON COOLEY WILLIAM T. CROSS D. W. DAVIS JOSEPH H . DEFREES WILLIAM H. DELACY JAMES H . DILLARD HUGH M . DORSEY EDWARD F. DUNNE LEONIDAS C. DYER CHARLES W. ELIOT QUINCY EWING SAMUEL S. FELS WILLIAM H. FLEMING LEE K. FRANKEL THOMAS F. GAILOR L . F. C. GARVIN J. CARDINAL GIBBONS JAMES P. GOODRICH GEORGE GRAY DAVID II. GREER PERCY STICKNEY GRANT ARCHIBALD II. GRIMKE JOHN D. HAMMOND LILY HARDY HAMMOND JUDSON HARMON J. R. HAWKINS W. ASHBIE HAWKINS CHARLES EVANS HUGHES WILLIAM II. HUNLEY J. B. HUTTON EMERSON C. HARRINGTON EDMUND J, TAMES JAM S WELDON JOHNSON DAVID STARR JORDAN HENRY CHURCHILL KING JAMES H. KIRKLAND JULIA C. LATHROP WILLIAM H. LEWIS ADOLPH LEWISOHN MEN.B . LINDSEY MARTIN W. LI TTLETON OWEN R. LOVEJOY JAMES R. MACCOLL CHARLES S. MACFARLAND J. MEDILL MCCORMICK WILLIAM F. MCDOWELL FAYETTE A. MCKENZIE ROBERT MCMURDY JULIAN W. MACK MARTIN B. MADDEN LOUI S MARSHALL JOHN G. MILBURN JOHN MITCHELL ADELBERT MOOT WM. FELLOWES MORGAN CHARLES NAGEL EMMET O'NEAL THOMAS MOTT OSBORNE MARY WHITE OVINGTON GEORGE T. PAGE A. MITCHELL PALMER PHILIP G. PEABODY GEORGE WHARTON PEPPER ALBERT E. PILLSBURY LOU IS F. POST JACKSON H . RALSTON FREDERICK F. REESE LESSING ROSENTHAL ELIHU ROOT JOHN A. RYAN W M . JAY SCHIEFFELIN JACOB H . SCHIFF ANN A HOWARD SHAW ALBION W. SMALL BOLTON SMITH WENDELL P. STAFFORD MOORFIELD STOREY A. T. STOVALL CHARLES H . STRONG CHARLES H . STUDIN MARY B TALBERT BOOTH TARKINGTON GRAHAM TAYLOR ROBERT H. TERRELL CHARLES F. THWING WORTH M . TIPPY H. ST. GEORGE TUCKER HENRY VAN DYKE WILLIAM II. WADHAM MADAME C. J. WALKER W M . ENGLISH WALLING FRANK P. WALSH W . D. WEATHERFORD BENJAMIN IDE WHEELER BUTLER R. WILSON JACK C. WILSON MAR Y E. WILSON JOHN BRADLEY WINSLOW JOHN H. WINTERBOTHAM STEPHEN S. WISE L. HOULINGSWORTH WOOD CHARLES ZUEBLIN CLEVELAND CONFERENCE JUNE 21-29 THE year 1919 marks the Tenth Anniversary of the N. A. A. C. P. This important event will be celebrated at a conference in Cleveland, to be held June 21 20. The Association and the Cleveland Branch are working- upon the program, which should appear in full in the June CRISIS. It will unquestionably be much the most important conference that the Association has ever held and one of the most important conferences of the year. The opening day, Saturday, will be for the assigning of delegates and visitors to their respective homes. The conference will open formally with a mass meeting Sunday afternoon. However, a number of the churches have arranged to have speakers in their pulpits on Sunday morning and evening. The white churches are deeply interested in learning of our cause. On Monday we shall get to work, and morning and afternoon will be given up to reports and discussions. There are so many things we need to thresh out among ourselves, and so many important matters that we need to put before the delegates and visitors. Evenings will be given up to great mass meetings. The Industrial phase of the Negro question, Education, Anti-Lynching, The Negro Soldier, will be among the matters considered. We hope that all interested in the proposed conference will plan, if possible, to attend. Branches will send delegates, but we also want many visitors. This will end the MEMBERSHIP DRIVE for ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND MEMBERS. We plan to have a splendid rally when the branches come in with their quotas. That should be the crowning point of our gathering. Full particulars of the drive are printed in the Branch Bulletin for March. Will not all CRISIS readers, if they are not already Branch members, at once get in touch with the Branch nearest to them and join in this movement for democracy in America? THE SHUBUTA LYNCHINGS On Friday night, December 20, four Negroes—Andrew Clark, age 15; Major Clark, age 20; Maggie Howze, age 20; and Alma Howze, age 16, were taken from the little jail at Shubuta, Mississippi, and lynched on a bridge which spans the Chickasawha River near the town. They were suspected of having murdered a Dr. E. L. Johnston, whom the papers stated was "a wealthy retired dentist." These were the meagre facts as given in the press dispatches. The real facts in the case are as follows: Instead of being an old man Dr. Johnson was thirty-five years of age, a failure at his profession and living at the time of the lynchings on his father's farm where he had with him Maggie Howze whom he had seduced and who was about to bear him a child. On the same farm were Maggie's sister Alma, also a victim of Johnson, and two colored boys, Major and Andrew Clark who were working out a debt of their father's to the Johnsons. Major Clark began going with Maggie and they planned to marry. Dr. Johnson, hearing of this quarreled violently with Major Clark telling him to leave his woman alone. Matters were at this point when the doctor was killed early one morning near his barn. It is common gossip about Shubuta that the murder was committed by a white man who had his grudge against Johnson and who felt he could safely kill the dentist and have the blame fall on the Negro. A t any rate, after subjecting the boy to extreme torture, a confession was secured from Major that he had committed the murder. A t this preparations for the lynching began. Major and Andrew Clark, Maggie and Alma Howze had all been arrested. After Major's "confession" they were taken to Shubuta for trial and placed in a little jail there. The mob secured the keys of the jail from the deputy sheriff in charge of the place without trouble, took out the prisoners, and drove them to the place chosen for their execution, a little covered bridge over the Chickasawha River. Four ropes were produced and four ends were tied to a girder on the under side of the bridge, while the other four ends were made into nooses and fastened securely around the necks of the four Negroes, who were standing on the bridge. Up to the last moment the Negroes protested their innocence and begged the mob not to lynch them. Just as they were about to be killed, Maggie Howze screamed and fought, crying out, "I ain't guilty of killing the doctor and you ought'nt to kill me." In order to silence her cries one of the members of the mob seized a monkey wrench and struck her in the mouth with it, knocking her teeth out. She was also hit across the head with the same instrument, cutting a long gash. The four Negroes, when the ropes had been securely fastened about their necks, were taken bodily by the mob and thrown over the side of the bridge. The younger girl and the two boys were killed instantly. Maggie Howze, however, who was a strong and vigorous young woman, twice caught herself on the side of the bridge, thus necessitating her being thrown over the bridge three times. The third time this was done, she died. In the town the next clay, members of the mob told laughingly of how hard it had been to kill "that big black Jersey woman." The older girl of twenty was to have become a mother in four months, while the younger was to have given birth to a child in two weeks. This sixteen-year-old prospective mother was killed on Friday night and at the time of her burial on Sunday afternoon her unborn baby had not died— one could detect its movements within her womb. A press despatch from Shubuta the day after the lynching took place reads as follows : "The theory is advanced that the lynchers acted because of the fact that the next term of the court was not due to be convened until next March. It is hinted that the idea of the county being forced to care for and feed four self-confessed assassins of a leading citizen might have aroused the passion of the mob." We add to this account of an American lynching in 1919 an extract from Ambassador Sharp's account of German lynchings in 1917: "At Ham I was told by the mother of six children that her husband and two daughters, one of the age of fifteen and the other eighteen, had been carried away by the Germans at the time of their evacuation of the town, and upon remonstrating she had been told that as an alternative she might find their bodies in the canal in the rear of her home. The same woman informed that out of that town's population several hundred people had been compelled to accompany the Germans, nearly half of whom were women and girls above fifteen years of age." THE NATIONAL URBAN LEAGUE LILLIAN A. TURNER AMERICA is very much engaged now with the discussion of the contribution to Democracy made by its various groups and agencies during the Great War . The Negro's contribution holds undisputed place in the country's record of achievement. In that record of effort and energy expended toward the successful termination of the war there can be enumerated several social agencies—in peace times devoting their THE CRISIS forces to race betterment. The National Urban League is one of these agencies and has worked principally for development of opportunity for the urban Negro in the thirty cities where it has branch organizations. The League was organized eight years ago for the purpose of encouraging co-operation among welfare agencies, securing and training social. workers and investigating city life as a basis for practical work. During the war this organization has devoted much time to placing welfare workers in industrial plants to help stabilize labor, to gain for the workers fairer consideration both by employers and white fellow-employees and to speed up production by securing greater efficiency among the workers; to holding conferences of white and colored people interested in the welfare of the Negro so as to bring about a better understanding between the representatives of the two races. Eighty-one executive secretaries and other workers are now employed by the League in conducting its various activities, exclusive of the twenty-two welfare workers placed by the League during the past year in industrial plants North and South. As a result of the League's activities during 1918, day nurseries were established in White Plains, New York City and Chicago; an emergency hospital was furnished with fourteen colored nurses at Duquesne, Pa., during the influenza epidemic; settlement houses were established in Newark, N . J., and Youngstown, Ohio; Travelers' Aid Work was instituted in Columbus, Pittsburgh, Chicago and New York, as well as continued at Norfolk, Va.; War Camp Community Club Houses for soldiers were opened in Detroit, Rockford, 111., Chicago and Brooklyn; and room registries were located in several cities. Co-operation has been developed in Red Cross work for colored people and draft boards have been assisted in Detroit and East St. Louis. State or Federal Employment Service has been aided in Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Columbus, East St. Louis, Detroit and Pittsburgh; and with the aid of co-operating organizations, the Secretary of Labor was induced to establish the Bureau of Negro Economics with Dr. George E. Haynes as Director, who subsequently appointed nine state supervisors of Negro economics. In one city during the War Savings Stamp Campaign, $25,000 in stamps was sold among the colored people. Under the League's auspices, in Detroit, a Fourth Liberty Loan mass meeting with 15,000 persons in attendance was held. The success of this meeting led to the request from the Mayor of Windsor, Canada, for a similar meeting which was held in the interest of the Canadian Victory Loan. The Fourth Liberty Loan Drive in Cleveland netted $221,200 worth of Bonds, sold through the activities of the Cleveland affiliated organization, and $10,000 has just been granted the organization by the Mayor's Advisory War Board of Cleveland for the purpose of opening a recreation center for returning colored soldiers in that city. A n Urban League was established in East St. Louis shortly after the riot and has been made a part of the Ordnance Bureau's Community Program which is costing $350,000 for a period of three years. Through the League's employment serv ice in Chicago, New York, Brooklyn, Cleveland, Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, Detroit and Nashville, 27,952 positions have been found for colored people, many of which were jobs not before held by colored persons. In Pittsburgh 234 colored girls were placed in clerical positions in four department stores, a new and successful experiment in the use of colored workers in these stores. The Philadelphia Association for the Protection of Colored Women organized a Red Cross Unit; the Philadelphia Armstrong Association employed school visitors to interpret the home life of the children for the teachers and to remove the causes of poor school records in proficiency, attendance and deportment. The cost of the League's work during the past year exceeded $102,000 and a considerably larger sum than this will be needed for the year 1919 to carry out its plans, which include the organization of additional cities, especially in the South; the placing of additional welfare workers as well as additional employees in industrial plants, and the training of social workers through the schools of Civics and Philanthropy by means of fellowships provided in part by the League. The offices of the League are at No. 200 Fifth Avenue, New York City, and the of ficers are L. Hollingsworth Wood, President and Eugene Kinckle Jones, Executive Secretary. The Looking Glass LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL in Life: They said they were too slow, too dull, too this and that to do it, They couldn't match the method of the Hun, And then to arm a million—why, the land would surely rue it If a million blacks were taught to use a gun. But right won out, and they went in at all detractors smiling; They learned as quick as any how to shoot, They took the prize at loading ships, and riveting and piling. And trained a thousand officers to boot. And when they went they took a boon no others had been bringing, For whether with a pick or with a gun, They lightened every labor with a wondrous sort of singing, And turned the pall of battle into fun. 0 the Frenchman was a marvel, and the Yankee was a wonder, And the British line was like a granite wall, But for singing as they leaped away to draw the Kaiser's thunder, The swarthy sons of Dixie beat them all. And now that they have helped to break the rattling Hunnish sabre, They'll trail the Suwanee River back again To Dixie home, and native song, and school and honest labor, To be as men among their fellow-men. No special thanks or praise they'll ask, no clapping on the shoulder— They did their bit, and won, and all men know it— And Dixie will be proud of them, and, grown a little older, And wiser, too, will welcome them and show it. * * * "Women of Achievement" is the name of a little volume written by Benjamin Brawley, Dean of Morehouse College, and issued under the auspices of the Woman's American Baptist Home Mission Society. It has a brief introduction on the "Negro Woman in American Life," and then proceeds to a specific discussion of Harriet Tubman, Nora Cordon, Meta Warrick Fuller, Mary Mc-Leod Bethune and Mary Church Terrell. The significance of this book lies in the fact that it presents to the Negro, characters for emulation within the race. Such a volume should be in the hands of every colored child. We hope that this is the beginning of a long series of such volumes, all as well written, as well bound and as interestingly illustrated. We have received Freeman H. M. Murray's "Emancipation and the Freed in American Sculpture"—an excellent book which we shall soon review. * * * Recent treatment of the Negro in periodicals: Negro Music at Birth, N . C. Burlin, Music Quarterly, January '19; same article Current Opinion, March, '19. Negro Patriotism and Negro Music, F. R. Grant, Outlook, February 26, '19. Teachers' Estimates of Negroes and Whites, E. L. Gatewood, School and Society, January 18, '19. The Negro and National Reconstruction, G.	 E. Haynes, Public, February 8, '19. New Color Line, Public, February 8, '19. Negroes Moves North, G. E. Haynes, Survey, January 4, '19. Croix de Guerre and Rare Praise for American Negro Troops, Literary Digest, January 18, '19. With the Buffaloes in France, O. E. Mc-Kaine, Independent, January 11, '19. "Played Leap-Frog wid Shell Al l Ovah France," Literary Digest, January 18, '19. Lynching Record for 1918, Outlook, January 22, '19. African Reconstruction After the War, J. H. Harris, Missionary Review, February, '19. "THESE TRULY ARE THE BRAVE" THE history of the black American sol dier in the Great War is simply a replica of his action in former wars. The Wheeling, W. Va., Intelligencer says: No American army would be complete without the Negro soldier. This is a broad statement, but history of past as well as the present war proves this assertion. In the Revolutionary War, the War of 1812, in the Mexican and Civil Wars and in the War with Spain, the American Negro distinguished himself by bravery, fortitude and 27 TH E CRISIS loyalty, and properly led proved himself a match for the white soldier. The story of more than 4,000 Negro soldiers returning from France where they covered themselves with glory for their gallantry in Flanders and in the Champagne as well as in the Argonne Forest, was an old story retold. They returned with a great many decorations, French as well as American, to prove their title to the designation of first-class fighting men. The First Battalion of the 367th infantry, mostly from Buffalo, N. Y., distinguished itself by winning the Croix de Guerre for heroism in the drive on Metz. According to their opportunities, the American Negro troops in France never failed to share the glory of battle with the French or with their white American comrades. In all that makes the soldier—bravery, intelligence, endurance, and particularly good nature under hardship and privation, the Negro soldier excels. * * * The Providence, R. I., Tribune summarizes: Of 3,918 Distinguished Service Crosses for gallantry in action 21, or a little more than half of one per cent, went to the 92nd Division, consisting of colored men largely, officered by white men. It would be interesting to learn how many of the 21 D. S. C.'s went to colored men especially as France decorated one Negro regiment in this division twice, and gave hundreds of Croix de Guerre to gallant Negro fighters, whom this "democratic" Government has not yet recognized, officially. * * * Elizabeth Powell Bond writes appreciatively in the Philadelphia Pa., Public Ledger: It is on record that the most critical time of America's fighting was last fall, when the exhausted French had to have re-enforcements or yield. It was at this crisis that colored soldiers went into battle, with the result that the colored Lieutenant-Colonel of the 370th, a colored Major, eight colored Captains, seventeen colored Lieutenants, eight colored under-officers and twenty-six colored privates received the Croix de Guerre in November. There has been but one voice concerning the loyalty and the bravery of the colored troops. It is a pleasure to give them hearty assurance of our appreciation of their unselfish service. It would be unpardonable in us to come short of the spirit they have shown throughout the war. * * * J. M . Washington, writing in the Jersey City Journal, suggests a memorial day as a fitting tribute: In realization of the fact that because of many valiant war victories achieved by some of its capable citizens, the United States has set apart certain days of the year on which the nation may pay proper honor to the memory of those citizens. Now that once again the colored American has convinced the world that not only the recent war, but in every war in which colored citizens have been called to keep "Old Glory" from trailing in the dust, they have proved themselves to be soldiers of indispensable worth, would it not be a fitting tribute for the United States, by governmental authority, to set apart February 17 each year as an annual and national day, in which the citizens will remember the "Black Heroes of America?" When they were called upon by their country to "shoulder arms," they willingly gave their blood and lives, not with the idea that a parade through the streets of New York City would be their goal, but that their country and flag, if needs be, should rise to heights of glorious supremacy, over all other countries. Then let this country officially recognize the valued qualities of the colored soldiers. THE SAVING GRACE NEGR O soldiers supplied, more or less unconsciously laughter. The Birmingham, Ala., Age- Herald gives a few samples: There was the story of the Negro troops coming across the Atlantic in a transport. A submarine was sighted. The six sharp blasts from the whistle shrilled out and the order was given to the colored troops to fall in on the deck. The Negroes stood in line at attention, while the passengers gathered in the salon. Then the silence was broken by one big black man in the rear rank who asked, "Does anybody here want to buy a gold watch and chain?" Then there was the story of the Negro in the artillery regiment, whose job it was to feed the shells to the big gun. Each time he drove the shell into the breech and the gun boomed, he jumped high in the air and, with a characteristic crack of the fingers, shouted, "Count your men, M r Kaiser, count your men." Then as another shell was driven home and the gun fired another jump, another shout of "Count 'era again, Mr. Kaiser, count 'em again." There is the story also of the Mississippi draft of cotton plantation Negroes, brought up from camp by rail to Newport News and loaded on hoard the transport after dark Next morning, when the troops woke up the ship was well out to sea and there was not a sign of land to be seen. One Negro soldier who had never seen or heard of the ocean, leaned against the rail and looked at the vast stretch of water, "oh Lawd," he ejaculated, "de levee is bust " ' THE LOOKING GLASS A few days out when the boat began to toss and the waves became mountainous and menacing, a seasick Negro soldier looked up to the sky from where he lay on the wet deck, miserable and terrified, and groaned: "Oh, Lawd, please make that ocean come to attention." A Negro soldier in the trenches showed up with a new pair of shoes. "Where did you get dem shoes?" asked his mate. "I gotten dese shoes from a boche." Soon after this the first Negro disappeared. He was gone about four hours, but when he reappeared he, too, had a new pair of shoes. "I had to kill twenty of dem boches befo' I got a pair to fit," he answered. A captain said to his company of Negroes, "Now I want you fellows to learn this game thoroughly. Suppose our company is holding the line here and the boche makes a charge at us across the field, what would you boys do?" "Well, captain," came from one member of the company, "we sho would spread the news over France." On one transport going over, one Negro trooper said to another, a very seasick boy, "Look out dere and see dat sail boat." "Don't you call me for no sail boat," came from the sick fellow lying with his head on his arms, "don't you call me at all unless you see a tree." REACTIONS DISCRIMINATION against returned Negro soldiers is creating a change in attitude on the part of thoughtful white Americans. James M . Boyd writes in a letter to the editor of the New York Evening Post: In explaining the result of the primary election in his home town, "Chicago," in his letter appearing in your paper today, classes the Negroes with the Germans. This, as things stand today, puts the Negro in the undesirable class. If he is undesirable, who is to blame? The other day I stopped at a small restaurant for lunch. I sat at a table where a young Negro was seated, apparently waiting to be served. The waiter took my order and served me promptly, shortly after which the Negro quietly got up and left Without a word. I asked the waiter if he had ignored the man to be rid of him. and he admitted that to be the policy of the management, as some customers might object to sitting at table with a Negro, and the place in question is one frequented by the well-known proletariat. The Negroes are good enough to cook, nurse, fight, and die for us, but cannot sit at table and eat with white people. I	 wonder if this Negro had been in uniform, if that would have made a difference. Paul Filton, a soldier back from "over there," tells of similar injustice meted out to himself. He continues in the Brooklyn, N.	 Y., Eagle: Is that a straw showing which way the wind is going to blow hereafter for the Negro? It has also been brought to my attention that the "Ku Klux Klan" are having new robes made, are polishing up their rifles and getting ready to resume "night riding." Why? Is it because these returning black soldiers, newly enfranchised by the war, may claim to be part and parcel of that "Democracy for which they fought and for which many have died?" We are not asking favors. We are demanding our rights. If the bigots are counting upon still relegating us to the back door of public hostelries, hat in hand, they are reckoning without their host. If that modem "Ku Klux Klan" thinks that these hard fighting, straight-shooting veterans of the World War are the same timid field-hands, crouching in terror, they have another "think" coming. We are going to demand, not social equality — no Negro wants that, but an equal chance in this fair land that they have helped to make safe. An equal chance with the Chinaman, Indian, Italian, Jew, Irishman, Yankee, or any one of the numerous races that go to make up this nation. We are full fledged citizens and we have cut our "wisdom" teeth. We are not the "wards" of this na tion, as are the Indians. We are compo nent parts of this body politic. We have helped to gain the Victory for Democracy and we must share in the fruits. * * * The Brooklyn Standard-Union reports the views of Rev. W. S. Carpenter: We helped carry "Democracy" to France. On the return trip home Negro officers were not allowed to eat in the same places with the other officers in their regiment. Even in Camp Upton recently General Nicholson issued a "keep-off-the-grass" order to our soldiers where the white hostess houses were concerned. In different parts of the South the K u Klux Klan is reorganizing. All right.predict that when they have a roll call after some of their contemplated rides, some of their riders will be enjoying the sleep which has no earthly waking. I do not believe that my men returning home from France are seeking to make trouble anywhere. But I do believe that never again will they without a struggle, submit to the indignities under which they have suffered since birth. We have a country and we have a flag. We seek under the flag we have carried to live in peace. And we are going to get justice under this flag —or pay the price which justice demands. TH E CRISIS 30 Under God lynch law must cease. If the United States can prepare to enforce the Eighteenth Amendment, it can as well enforce the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendments. While meeting in peace conferences in France, let us remember some of the problems which will bring peace to the citizens at home. And such a peace will never be until real democracy is meant to embrace all men, black as well as white. FEDERAL LAW FOR LYNCHING STAT E law has proved so worthless with regard to lynching that it seems a truism to state that the only cure lies with the Federal Government. The thoughtful element in the South is beginning to see this. The Providence, R. I., Tribune comments: A rather remarkable editorial article appeared the other day in one of the ablest southern newspapers, the Houston Post, the subject being lynch law and the occasion the burning of a Negro. The Post dismissed as of slight consideration all proposals either to punish the lynchers or to mulct the community in damages, as is proposed in a bill now pending in the Texas Legislature. It said: "The Post believes, however, that the half century-old lynching problem is about to pass from the jurisdiction of State author ity into the domain of Federal action. Surely, in the light of a half century of lynching, in which the victims have num bered thousands, the failure of the States must be confessed. * * * The failure has been shamefully complete, and when the Federal Government shall essay this task of suppressing anarchy and dealing with those who set at naught the laws of the country and set themselves up as judge, jury and executioner, no State which has a bloody record of mob law staining its escutcheon will have any right to protest." Coming from a Southern newspaper, this is noteworthy. As to the premises, there can be no dispute. The States have in truth failed to suppress lynching, and this applies to Northern as well as Southern States. In some instances it is true, law officers in Northern States have shown more vigor in following up the crime than in Southern States, but in most cases little difference has been observable. Now and then some unusually determined official has been able to prevent a lynching by a display of great energy and personal courage. But such cases can be counted on one's fingers, while the unprecedented and unpunished lynchings are uncounted and uncountable. * * * The New York Tribune adds: The petition of the International Uplift League, an organization whose members are Negroes, addressed to President Wilson, says: . The United States government cannot command abroad the full respect it deserves if it continues to stand aloof silently, under pretence of state rights, and allow its citizens to be saturated with kerosene oil and burnt to death, butchered, tortured and lynched by brutal mobs without reproving and calling the state to account for violating the Fifth Constitutional Amendment, which says, "No person shall be deprived of life, liberty or property without due process of law." While this petition was on its way to the President, a company of black soldiers was returning to the Union League Club of New York the colors which the men of the 367th Infantry ten days less than a year before pledged themselves to "bear bravely and ultimately to restore" to the club. The deeds of this regiment in fulfillment of its pledge are now a part of the nation's war history. Recapitulating these deeds, Judge Charles E. Hughes, in accepting the returned colors for the club, said: "These colors come to us as a memoria" of the loyalty, bravery, sacrifice and splen did patriotism of the men of the colored race. They have come forward in this battle side by side with their white brethren and that devotion to our country can never be forgotten. This is not only a memorial, as I have said, but it is a pledge—a pledge which we make to you as our colored brethren, and we shall not forget the service which you have performed." While Judge Hughes was paying this tribute to the Negro soldiers, a Florida mob was burning a member of the race at the stake. * * * The Houston, Texas, Post gives a case in point, which shows the inadequacy of State procedure: The most unique anti-lynching proceed ing in the history of Texas is being staged in Austin, as a result of the recent lynch ing of Bragg Williams at Hillsboro. Williams, it will be recalled, had been convicted and given the death penalty and his case had been appealed. Pending the appeal, the mob took the prisoner from the custody of the sheriff and lynched him. As a result of the probe ordered by Governor Hobby, information has been filed in the court of appeals against twelve per sons, and a rule asked requiring them to show cause why they should not be pun ished for contempt of that court, before which Williams' appeal was pending. If the twelve persons be found guilty of contempt of court, they may be punished by fine and imprisonment. But what kind of way will this be of dis posing of an offense that was cold-blooded murder? If those twelve men were guilty of par THE LOOKING GLASS ticipating in the Hillsboro mob, they have no business responding to a contempt proceeding in Austin. They ought to be in jail somewhere awaiting a trial for their lives. If there be evidence enough to warrant the state in bringing them to Austin in a contempt proceeding, which could not possibly hold except in case of guilt, why have they not been arrested by the sheriff of Hill County? And why has not a grand jury indicted them for murder in the first degree? If these men be punished for contempt, and if no subsequent proceedings be instituted against them for murder, it will be a shameful confession of the failure of our government and our courts. The Post feels that prosecution for lynching fails because the officers are unwilling to identify the lynchers for fear of unsatisfactory results at the ballot box. They are afraid that a genuine effort at defense would result in the death of many men whom influential relatives would avenge by means of the ballot. The article concludes : These are among the reasons why the Post has believed it might be possible for the Federal Government to make better progress than the states in dealing with the curse of lynching. The Federal Government could handle these cases with a judicial and constabulary personnel that would not be subject to vengeance at the ballot box. The Federal Government might arrange jurisdiction in such a way that it would be difficult for the friends and relatives of lynchers to intimidate juries, and the juries being selected from points distant from the actual seat of the crime, would be less sus ceptible to improper influences. While the contempt proceedings in Austin are pending, it is noted that representative citizens have appeared before the House and Senate Committees on Constitutional Amendments in behalf of a change in the Constitution that will enable the Legisla ture to pass more drastic measures for the suppression of lynching and the punish ment of those who engage in it. The people of the State should rally behind any State action which promises results, but they should not be fooled. The probabilities are against favorable action upon an amendment of a drastic nature or the effectiveness of drastic legislation, even if an amendment were ratified. PENNSYLVANIA CAPITALISTS A LITTL E town in Pennsylvania gave a big impetus to Bolshevism recently. In Coatesville, the dwelling place of a num ber of "coal barons," action was taken by the employing class which resulted in the summary ejection from the town of a number of people, white and black, whose one crime was lack of work. The New York Call comments: Of the great Negro migration from the South the past few years, Coatesville received a supply for its labor market. With the decline of employment there was no longer any need of these and many white workers. Thrown out of work, they congregated about the streets, in saloons and poolrooms. The noble soldiers of the barons made a raid, which we will permit the Evening Post to describe: "More than fifty men were rounded up. Those who were unable to show that they were residents of Coatesville for at least a year, or cards from the steel or other plants showing that they were employed, were then marched to the southern limits of the town and ordered to "head South." Virtually all of these men were penniless. No effort was made by the police to find out whether they could raise funds to leave the town by railroad. Al l were forced to walk." This is "efficiency" with a vengeance. We are informed, also, that there has been no organized protests in Coatesville "by any of the civic or other organizations" against this exile of unemployed whites and blacks. These civic bodies are generally made up of the agents and parasites who get their living by their fealty to the controlling dynasty of such cities. It will be noted that no color line is drawn in this class struggle by the ruling powers. Black and white are undesirable when they no longer can serve the profit-producing fraternity. There is no vote taken, no mushy talk about "democracy" and such abstract things. The mounted bullies are called up, orders are given, and the victims are told to "beat it!" Scoot vamoose, 'raus mit 'em! While they are on their way through Pennsylvania hills they may get some consolation by remembering that the President was speaking in Boston about the same time they were driven out. and that, among other things, he said that we not only "think idealism," but "act idealism." Here it is. How does the Pennsylvania brand strike you? * * * The New York Evening Post deplores the situation rather mildly and advises Coatesville to consult with Bolivar County, Miss.: The recent maltreatment of unemployed Negroes in one Pennsylvania locality, described in the Evening Post, happily seems an isolated incident. Deportation from crude western communities of workers accused of disorderliness has at various times roused national indignation; arbitrary deportation of men whose only crime was inability to find work would be wholly inexcusable, 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 12 3 4 5 6 A SESSION OF THE PAN-AFRICAN CONGRESS, PARIS, FEBRUARY 19-22, 1919. 1. Candace, French Deputy from Guadaloupe; 2, Diagne, French Deputy from Senegal; 3, King, Peace Delegate from Liberia; 4, W. E. B. DuBois; 5, Ida Gibbs Hunt; 6. Grossilliere, Deputy from Martinque; 7, Boisneur, Deputy Guadaloupe; 8, R. C. Simmons; 9, Mrs. Curtis; 10, Captain Boutte; 11, Mrs. Hunton; 12. B. F. Seldon; 13, Mme. Chapoteau; 14, John Hope The Horizon VINCENT SAUNDERS THE WAR ON March 15, 1919, the colors of the "Buffaloes," 367th Infantry, were returned to the Union League Club, New York City, and after fitting ceremony placed at the head of the main stairway of the building. The club served a luncheon to the officers. C On April 3, the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, City of Boston and Citizens, arranged a public demonstration in honor of the colored soldiers of Massachusetts. Following a military parade and banquet, exercises were held at Mechanics' Building before an audience which numbered many thousands. Addresses were made by the Governor, Calvin Coolfdge; the Mayor, Andrew J. Peters; Hon. David I. Walsh, U. S. Senator; Hon. William H. Lewis and Hon. C. J. J. Flamand, French Consul at Boston. Dr. Alice W. McKane, Miss Maria L. Baldwin, President of the Soldiers' Comfort Unit, and Mrs. B. R. Wilson spoke as representatives of the women in war activities. Special music features were sung by the Columbia Glee Club, Mr. William H. Richardson, baritone, with Mrs. Maud Cuney Hare and Mr. Frederic P. White at the piano. Teels' Band gave patriotic selections. C. The Mayor of Pittsburgh, Pa., issued a proclamation, which said in part: "On Friday morning of this week Pittsburgh will have the privilege of welcoming home from overseas a part of the 351st Field Artillery Regiment, composed of colored troops ... . When President Wilson issued his appeal, calling upon the people in these United States to rally to the support of 'Old Glory,' there was a noble response. None was more spontaneous than that from the colored people of this nation. By their deeds they have written their names in golden letters in history ... . Those who bore arms for us were first in war. In peace let us show them that they are still first in the hearts of their fellow-citizens." By a vote of 72-49 the House has passed the bill authorizing a Negro battalion in connection with the Minnesota National Guard. MUSIC AND ART IN a recent competition for the Freshman Class Song at Radcliffe College, Cambridge, Mass., the honors were won by Miss Marietta Bonner, of Boston, the only colored girl in her class. The song was given at the performances of the Freshman play and is the accepted Class Song for 1922. C A t the Orpheus Club concert, given at Philadelphia, Pa., on March 12, Coleridge-Taylors' "Candle-Lightin' Time" and the Negro Spiritual "The Ark's a Moverin" were sung by Mrs. Edith C. Goold. C The Third Book of Negro Folk-Songs of the "Hampton Series," recorded by Natalie Curtis Burlin, has been published and is commented upon at length in the music journals. C Charles A. Marshall, dramatic baritone of Philadelphia, Pa., gave a recital in the Parish House of St. Paul's Episcopal Church, white, of which the Syracuse Journal says: "It has been a long time since such a splendid voice came to Syracuse. Mr. Marshall has a voice of splendid range and cultivation. He sang songs ranging from grand opera to Negro melodies, and in all scored a great success." Lyndon Hoffman Caldwell was the accompanist. (I The April CRISIS made a mistake in announcing the date of Mr. Wilson Lamb's recital at Aeolian Hall, New York City. The correct date is May 1. C Miss A. Louise King a colored musician, is a member of the Music Staff of the Music Settlement, Philadelphia, Pa. (I Pieces of sculpture by May Howard Jackson were exhibited during March and April at the National Academy of Design and at ' the showing of The Society of Independent Artists, at the Waldorf-Astoria. A bust of Kelly Miller and the group "Brotherhood," shown on the Easter CRISIS cover, were among the pieces accepted. A picture of the latter appears in the catalogue of the Society. C The 369th U. S. Infantry Band, Lieutenant James Reese Europe, conductor, is now on tour in this country. On March 28 and 29, they were heard by large audiences at the 33 THE 34 Opera House, Boston, Mass., and a return engagement has been demanded. This band was ranked in Paris with the British Grenadiers, the Garde Republicaine and the Royal Italian, as one of the four best bands in the world. MEETINGS AT the sixth annual meeting of the Association of Colleges for Negro Youth, held at Morehouse College and Atlanta University, March 14-15, Benjamin Brawley, Dean of Morehouse College, was elected President. Dean M. W. Adams, of Atlanta University, and Professor G. M . Lightfoot, of Howard University, were elected members of the executive committee. The organization now consists of the following in stitutions: Wilberforce, Howard, Fisk, Knoxville, Virginia Union, Shaw, Benedict. Atlanta, Morehouse, Talladega and Bishop. C At a meeting of the Rotary Club, Newport News, Va., a committee of five Rotarians was appointed to put into practice the suggestions of Bishop W. T. Thirkield for co-operation between whites and Negroes of the better class to the end of understand ing and helpfulness. C At a meeting held at the home of Mrs. Albert T. Erdman, New York City, to dis cuss plans for pre-vocational and vocational training for colored children, the following resolution, proposed by Mrs. A. M. Palmer and favorably spoken of by Mme. Marie Cross Newhouse, was adopted : Whereas, the American people have pro tested loudly and effectively against the wrongs of people and races of people on the the other side of the Atlantic, ignoring the fact that over ten million native Americans are deprived of their rights and protections they are entitled to under the Constitution and' laws of the United States because they belong to the Negro race, and Whereas these American citizens are the victims of mob violence and brutal lynchings, which are not only a disgrace to our nation, a menace to international relations, but implant in the minds of all foreigners a distrust and contempt for our laws and institutions, and Whereas, the Negro soldiers displayed during the late war a courage and patriot ism not surpassed by any other American soldier, therefore be it Resolved, that the New York City Federation of Women's Clubs express its apprecia tion of the devotion and unswerving loyalty of the colored citizens of the United States and appeal to the women of the country to uphold the equality of rights guaranteed by our laws and Constitution. CRISIS C The annual session of the Sunday School Congress of which the Rev. Henry Allen Boyd is corresponding secretary, will be held June 11-16, at Bessemer, Ala. C The National Baptist Educational Board will convene at Mt. Olivet Baptist Church, Atlanta, Ga., May 12-16. INDUSTRY NEGR O car builders of the Pennsylvania Railroad Company, Wellsville, Ohio have organized under the American Federation of Labor. Mr. S. Austin was elected president. The Round-House Laborers and Station Firemen, consisting of white and colored workers, have organized under the International Brotherhood of Stationary Firemen and Oilers, and elected W. W. Lambert, a Negro, to the presidency, d Negroes in the Harlem section of New York City have begun a Negro Board of Trade, with George W. Harris, Chairman. G Negroes at Huntsville Ala., have organized a Board of Trade, with Mr. A. C. Donegan as president. C The Star Building and Loan Association Toledo, Ohio, at its annual meeting declared a two and one-half per cent dividend. This institution was incorporated in 1913 and Marion E. Auther is president. It lends money on first mortgage securities. (L Last spring Mr. W. M. Hubbard, who conducts a school for Negro children at Forsyth, Ga., allotted thirty four boys from one to three acres of land, with the understanding that they were to be given the net proceeds from the crops grown. The receipts for farm products were $4,882; hogs, $483; campus, $217; a total of $5,582. C The U . S. Department of Labor reports the migration of at least 200,000 and possibly 300,000 Negroes from the South to the North during war times. Among the causes reported are dissatisfaction with conditions, the boll-weevil floods, changes of crop system, low wages, poor housing and schools, unfairness in court proceedings lynchings, desire to travel and the influence of the Negro press. POLITICS MAYOR MOLLMAN was beaten by a 10,148 to 1,611 vote in the first elec tion East St. Louis. 111., has had under the commission form of government, which was THE HORIZON adopted after the race riots of July, 1917. ([ By a margin of one vote equal suffrage met its fourth defeat in the Senate. Advocates announce, however, that the now nearly half a century old campaign for submission of the Susan B. Anthony constitutional amendment will be renewed when the Sixty-sixth Congress convenes. EDUCATION THE Independent School of Wilson, N . C , is a result of the slapping of Miss Mary Ewell, a Negro teacher, by Professor Charles L. Coon, during the session of 1918. Two thousand and forty dollars was raised among Negroes for the establishment of this institution. Five hundred dollars per month is needed for its maintenance. There is an enrollment of six hundred children, with eight teachers. Mr. R. N. Perry is principal of the school. C The Ohio Valley Colored Industrial Home, Wheeling, W. Va., has been given $1,000 from the War Chest Fund. C McDougall Trade Shop at the Okolona, Miss., Industrial School with its contents has been destroyed by fire of an unknown origin. The damage above insurance has been estimated at $16,000. C The bill permitting second-class cities in Kansas to provide separate schools for Negroes has met defeat in the House. C Negroes of Burton Settlement, Natchitoches, La., have deposited in a local bank $1,051 for the establishment of a Negro Parish Training School in that settlement. The school will be a public institution, owned and controlled by the Parish School Board. C The 1918 fall semester honor roll at Butler College, which is composed of the ten students in the entire school making the highest grades, includes Miss Merle Stokes, a Negro student. C Dr. William P. Hayes, pastor of Mt. Olivet Baptist Church, New York City, has been elected a member of the Board of Trustees of Virginia Union University, succeed ing the late Dr. Binga. C Professor Alain Leroy Locke, of the Department of Education, Howard University will deliver four lectures to the Summer School of the A. &amp; T. College, at Greensboro, N. C. Professor Locke is the only American Negro who has won the Rhodes' Scholarship to Oxford University. He holds the degrees of A.B., A.M., Ph.D., from Har vard University, Cambridge, Mass., and the degree of Litt.B. from Oxford University, England. (I The John F. Slater Fund has issued its Proceedings and Reports for the year ending September 30, 1918. SOCIAL PROGRESS RICHARD A. COOPER, a Negro com mon Councilman from the Seventh Ward, Philadelphia, Pa., has been appointed a member of the Finance Committee, the most important sub-division of the city's legislative system. G February, 1919, marked the third anniversary of the Carnegie Negro Public Library in Nashville, Tenn. The library held during the past year 148 meetings of civic clubs; served 18,745 persons; used 98,000 books for research work, and circulated 3,600 books in homes. (I On February 12, Lincoln House at Glen Cove, L. I., celebrated its first anniversary. During last summer the Women's Department canned five hundred jars of vegetables; there are a circulating library of over three hundred volumes, a community chorus, dramatic and athletic clubs, a kindergarten and the Kiddie Club, which numbers forty children. The settlement is a result of the interest of Mrs. George D. Pratt. The work has been in charge of Alice Ward Smith. d The Ushers' Union in Wilmington, Del., composed of ushers in the colored churches, has raised funds and purchased an ambulance for Edgewood Sanitarium, a tuberculosis institution for Negroes. C William N. Cummings, of the Meadowbrook Club, has accomplished a new feat by winning both the junior and senior events in the cross country championship of the Middle Atlantic Association of the A. A. U. Mr. Cummings was captain of the cross country team at the University of Pennsylvania last year. (I George Dewey Lipscomb, a Negro sophomore of Northwestern University, has been selected to represent his college in the Northern Oratorical League contest, May 2, at Northwestern. He will have competitors from the Universities of Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Iowa, and Oberlin College. He was chosen after winning the Kirk Oratorical Contest against five white competitors. C The Cleveland Branch of the N. A. A. C. P., through Attorney Harry E. Davis, THE Chairman of its Legal Committee, has se cured a decision involving' the Ohio Civil Rights Law: The Cleveland Municipal Court in the case of Francis E . Young against a restaurant-keeper who had refused to serve him had decided in favor of the de fendant. Attorney Davis carried the case to the Court of Appeals, on the ground that the lower court was in error in charging that the plaintiff was not entitled to redress because he had applied for service solely to stir up litigation. The Court of Appeals ruled against this doctrine. C In Ohio the Beatty Civil Rights Bill, preventing discrimination against Negroes by hotels, places of amusement, etc., was adopted by the House with three opposing votes. (I A bill by Representative Coffey, Oregon, which would give equal rights to Negroes in public places has been defeated 23-21. Representative Lewis was later brought by officers from a locked room, where he sought refuge to avoid voting. Mrs. Thompson voiced a protest against trying to stifle the bill without debate, although she declared that because of her racial prejudice developed as a native daughter of Kentucky she must vote against the bill. Representatives Gordon. Horne, Coffey, Hosford, Idleman, Kubli, Lofgren, Richardson and E. E. Smith voted for the bill. C The Day Nursery Association of Evansville, Ind., has raised $2,922.45, of which the Negro citizens contributed $2,000, for a day nursery for colored children. Twenty-five hundred dollars has been used for the purchase of a home at 906 S. Governor Street, and the balance will be used toward current expenses for the year. Mrs. L. H. Stewart is president of the Association. C At Jefferson City, Mo., the House has adopted a resolution providing chairs for assistant doorkeepers. There are twenty-eight such employees, eighteen of whom are Negroes. C Loew's Theatre in Montreal, Canada, was fined ten dollars and costs in the suit brought by Sol Reynolds for having been refused admittance to an orchestra seat after having been sold a ticket. Justice Fortin found that "the printed conditions on the ticket, although authorizing the revocation of the contract can only justify such revocation before the contract is executed or in the course of execution." CRISIS C A petition for Negro teachers and prin cipals in the schools for Negroes in Richmond, Va., has been circulated through the Negro churches and been signed by 21 375 persons. PERSONAL WILLIAM A. SLATER, who for many years has been president of the John F. Slater Fund, is dead. (I Miss Ethel Caution, a Negro graduate of Wellesley College, has been sent to Los Angeles, creational center for colored girls. C The Rev. John T. Jenifer, who built Quinn Chapel in Chicago, 111., thirty-one years ago, is dead at the age of eighty-five years. (I Dr. Gordon Phipps, of Corsicana, Tex., is dead. He was born at Hartford, Ky., January 4, 1859, and was a graduate of Roger Williams and Meharry Medical College. C[ Bishop Cornelius Thadeus Shaffer, of the African Methodist Episcopal Church, is dead. (I The City Commissioners of Knoxville Tenn., have placed a tablet in the new Carnegie Library of that city, which reads: 'This tablet is erected by the City Commissioners of Knoxville in recognition of the faithful efforts of Charles W. Cansler, who first conceived the idea of this library for his race, and who aided materially in securing it." A late edition of Public Libraries contains the address given by Mr. Cansler upon the dedication of the building. GHETTO AN amendment to the Nevada Prize Fighting Law has been passed by the Senate to prevent a white man from engaging in a contest with a Negro. C Brigadier-General W. W. Atterbury, who was granted leave of absence by the Pennsylvania Railroad to become Director of Transportation in France, has introduced Negro train porters "over there." 0 A t Camp Sherman, Chillicothe, Ohio, there remains but one colored officer, Lieutenant Lawrence A. Oxley, Morale Officer for the Reserve Labor Battalion. The other Negro officers have been ordered honorably discharged, and those of the Depot Brigade have been discharged by command of Major-General Edwin F. Glenn. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER •",7 CRIME THE personnel of the court martial board appointed by President Wilson for the second trial of thirteen Negro soldiers accused of assaulting a white woman of Bloomington, 111., last May, will include Colonel Charles Young, commanding the development units at Camp Grant, who will be presiding officer. C A report of the trial of eighteen persons indicted for the lynching of Will Byrd and Henry Whiteside, November 10-12, at Sheffield, Ala., states that the jury took only twenty minutes for the first acquittal, the second case was quickly disposed of and the remaining sixteen persons were ordered dismissed by the court. C The Jackson, Miss., Daily News published the following anonymous reply to the telegram of the N. A. A. C. P. protesting to the Governor against the lynching of Eugene Green, at Belzonie, Miss.: "The Governor is not in the city, and the telegram has not been answered. However, the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People need not remain in the dark concerning the fate of Green. He was 'advanced' all right from the end of a rope, and in order to save burial expenses his body was thrown into the Yazoo River. If this information does not suffice, we can give you the size of the rope and the exact location of where this coon was hung." (L The following lynchings have taken place since our last record: Monroe, La., January 29 — Sampson Smith, hanged; he was convicted of the murder of Blanchard Warner; the verdict, however, specified that capital punishment should not be the penalty. Newburn, N. C, February 6—John Daniels, hanged; he was taken from jail at Jacksonville, where he was held for the murder of Grover Dickery. Bossier, La., February 14—Will Fortner, hanged; he had been arrested, charged with the murder of T. C. Owens. Belzonie, Miss., March 2, Eugene Green; he was taken from jail, accused of being the assailant of Marshal Hagan, by a mob and has not been seen since. Greenville, Fla., March 12, Joe Walker; he was seized by a mob and shot to death, charged with having shot a watchman. Pensacola, Fla., March 14, Bud Johnson; he was taken from the county officers and burned to death for the alleged attacking of a white woman. "THESE ARE THEY"or at least some of them. I always enjoy the perusal of your very interesting: magazine. For one thing, it keeps me from becoming too well satisfied with myself and with existing conditions. While I cannot always subscribe to your conclusions, I am in hearty sympathy with your efforts for Equality of Mankind, I know it must come. As a disciple of the groat world teacher, Abdul Baha, this fact is apparent and he who opposes the doctrine will be destroyed. For Truth is mighty and must prevail! For the faithful, it is a mighty fortress; for the opposer a sword of destruction. Although not of your race, I am heartily with you. God bless you and your work! —Joseph H . Hannen, Washington, D. C. Please find enclosed $1.00 for subscription for the coming year. I may bo able to do without my daily paper but I am afraid I could not get along without the CRISIS coming into my home once a month. It is with great pleasure that I offer the names of a few of my friends as possible subscribers. —Alfred T. Darby, Roxbury, Mass. The dollar spent for the CRISIS in 1918 was the best investment I made in that year therefore I am willing to try it again in 1919. —J . Allen Reese, Venice, Cal. with a!! modern Suburban Homes improvements on electric car line connecting Washington, Baltimore, Annapolis and Camp Meade. Auto road. 30 minutes' ride to city. Near Washington, D. C. Lots 60 by 150, $270, $10 down. $5 monthly Houses built to order after $100 or more is paid" on lot. Fertile land, good elevation, gardens, chickens, etc. Store, school, churches, community club. Booklet free: Thos. J. Calloway I 1403 New York Avenue live Among Friends Washington, D. C. there C. M. BATTEY, Instructor PHOTOGRAPHIC DIVISION Tuskegee Institute - Alabama Post Cards De Luxe "EMINENT MEN " Series comprising a collection of six "Art Gems" made from Life Particularly Designed with a Refined and Artistic Temperament and intended only for those who arc Refined and Particular. The Set—Twenty-five Cents Write for Series Sets of "Eminent Men" and "Types of Beauty" "Old Characters" Series to Follow. The American Negro is one of the many interesting articles in the MAY ISSUE OF PEARSON'S MAGAZINE Buy it TODAY 20c. a copy 34 Union Square, New York City THE CRISIS ADVERTISER MEN AND WOMEN TRAINED IN AGRICULTURE WILL BE IN GREAT DEMAND AFTER THE WAR Secretary Lane is urging that plans and "Plans for providing the returned soldier with land surveys and studies be instituted now so that are rapidly taking shape. when demobilization begins, farms and homes * * * Let us not think of may be offered to the returned soldiers on the the individual returned sol most encouraging terms. dier exiled to a tongue of green land between the stony breasts of western mountains * * * but of orUnder the Smith-Hughes Vocational Ed ganic communities of one ucation Act, the Government is already train or two hundred farms with ing Teachers, Agriculturalists and Mechanics competent agricultural advisers to brace up the techwhose services will be in great demand after nique of those who are the war to help these soldiers and rural inwilling to learn."—The New habitants adjust themselves to the problems Republic. of reconstruction. Tuskegee Institute offers the Smith-Hughes Course in: Teacher-Training Agriculture Mechanics Home Economics Splendid opportunities for young men and women of purpose, and an exceptional chance for young men who have been placed in deferred classes or exempted. You may enroll NOW. Address, R. R. MOTON, Principal, Tuskegee Institute, Alabama THE HAMPTON NORMAL AND AGRICULTURAL INSTITUTE Hampton, Virginia OBJECT—Founded in 1868 by General Samuel C. Armstrong to train selected youth who should go out to teach and train their people. The Institute was designed to instruct Negro youth in morality, industry, and thrift. HAMPTON TODAY—An industrial village with 900 boarding students; 1,100 acres; 140 buildings; instruction farm of 835 acres; and 200 teachers and workers Hampton stands for a "sound body, a trained capacity, and an unselfish outlook on life." Hampton is on the State of Virginia list of approved four-year secondary schools. OVER 650 HAMPTONIANS HAVE BEEN COURSES —Recently reIN NATIONAL SERVICE vised four-year courses in The young men are under military dis-Teache r Training; Home Economics; Business; Agricipline, and are formed into a battalion culture; and 13 Trades. with student officers. JAMES E. GREGG, D. D., Principal Mention The Crisis THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 39 "JUST THE PLACE FOR YOUR GIRL" Daytona Normal and Industrial Institute for Negro Girls, Daytona, Fla. Beautiful location, ideal home life, fine, modern equipment. Courses include Kindergarten, Primary, Grammar, High, Normal, Vocational. Nurse Training at McLeod Hospital a specialty. Terms reasonable. Send for Catalog. MARY McLEOD BETHUNE, --Principal. TALLADEGA COLLEGE TALLADEGA, ALABAMA Founded in 1867, for the training of Negro Leaders. Beautiful and healthful location. First class equipment. A Theological Seminary. College courses leading to the A. B. degree — Classics, Science, Education, Social Service, Music. Manual training for both sexes. Large attention given to debating and public speaking. Nurse Training. Agriculture. Graduates enter professional courses in the best Northern Universities. Alabama grants first grade teachers' certificates to graduates in Education. The product of the College noted for fine character and efficient service. Rev. FREDERICK A. SUMNER, President. The Stenographers' Institute 1827 S. 17th St., Philadelphia, Pa. You can be a success in the RECONSTRUCTION PERIOD if you know Phonography Typewriting Bookeeping EDWAR D T. DT7NCAN, President BUSTS OF Booker T. Washington, Fred Douglass, Paul Lawrence Dunbar, Bishop Richard Allen. $1.50 each. The 4 busts for {5.00 Agents wanted. Send at once. The Isaac Hathaway Art Company 718 S. HICKORY STREET PINE BLUFF, ARK. See the Selected List on Inside Back Cover The Colored Teachers'Bureau Will Help You Get a Better Paying Position. REGISTER NOW REASONABLE TERMS Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau Box 22, Wilberforce, 0. ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of the sisters of St. Mary. Address; TH E SISTEK-1N -CHARGE, 6138 Germantown Avenue, Philadelphia, Pa. HALE INFIRMARY AND NURSE TRAINING SCHOOL, 325 Lake Street, Montgomery, Ala. Offers to High School graduates and young women of higher education and good moral character, between the ages of 18 and 35, a three years' course in the profession of nursing. For further information apply to the Superintendent enclosing a stamp. STENOGRAPHERS WANTED All Races Prepare in the best school of its kind in the State. Subjects Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping, English, Penmanship, Civil Service Training, and SPANISH . COMMERCIAL CLASS Lenox Community Center—at PUBLIC SCHOOL 89 Lenox Avenue and 135th St., New York City. Open Ail Year—Four Evenings Weekly. Fitz W . Mottley, President. A live agency furnishes the TEACHERS connecting medium in a business way between teachers and schools and relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting. We have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi, • Missouri, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1403 New York Avenue Washington, D. C. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE PACE &amp; HANDY MUSIC COMPANY, Inc., of New York City, under the management of W. C. Handy, invites the attention of readers of TH E CRISIS to their wonderful catalog of music and the various concerns who are contributing to its popularity. A GOOD MAN IS HARD TO FIND by Eddie Green, sheet music 15c. per copy. Band and Orchestra, .25c. each. A GOOD MA N IS HAR D TO FIND may be had for Columbia, Victor, Emerson, Edison, Pathe, Gennett and Aeolian Records. O H DEAT H WHER E IS TH Y STING (Comic). On all phonographs. RINGTAIL BLUES. On all phonographs and player rolls. THINKING OF THEE (a classic 1. By Harry II Pace, and suitable for any musical program. THE SONG THE SUNNY SOUTHLAND SINGS, in which the old American airs are interwoven. SATAN I'M HERE. Full of laughs. DOWN BY THE CHATTAHOOCHEE RIVER. A beautiful ballad. OL E MISS. By W. C. Handy. On Columbia Records, on OKE H Records. Made popular by the University of Mississippi. I'M DYING WITH THE WORRIED BLUES the greatest BLUE song since a GOOD MAX IS HARD TO FIND. TH E SAINT LOUIS BLUES, Handy's masterpiece A classic. On every phonograph in America. Now being translated into French and Spanish for European and South American exploitation. All of our music may be had on Q R S, U . S., Imperial, Vocalstyle, Pianostyle, Wurlitizer, Connorized, Aeolian, Universal, Standard, Rythmodik, Automatic, Rose Valley, National Player Rolls. Hear Mr. Handy's HAIL TO THE SPIRIT OF FREEDOM March on the W. W. Kimball Player Roll, and if you are patriot proud of race, insist on vour band and orchestra playing HAIL TO THE SPIRIT OF FREEDOM by Handv and ALLIES TRIUMPHAL MARCH by Frederick M. Bryan The Following songs may be had of any music dealer, or at the counters of any Woolworth, Krc" , Kresge, McCrory, Kraft, Goggan, Wilner and other Syndicate Stores for IOC per copy: SWEET CHILD THE KAISER'S GOT THE BLUES YOUNG BLACK JOE WHO HAVE YOU BEEN LOVING A GOOD MAN IS HARD TO FIND SINCE I WENT AWAY REMEMBER AND BE CAREFUL LOVE'S A FUNNY PROPOSITION EVERY DAY (A Mother Song) STRONG AND STEADY ROUGH I'M SO GLAD MY DADDY'S COM- AND READY, SONS OF UNCLE ING HOME SAM SHAKE, RATTLE AND ROLL NO NAME WALTZ SNAKEY BLUES MAUVOLEYENE WALTZ PREPAREDNESS BLUES THE DANCING DEACON Besides being able to supply you with records to suit style of machine, of the numbers mentioned, we also carry in stock a complete line of ROLAN D HAYE S Records. When in New York call to see us. Write today for this beautiful music and our illustrated catalog. Address PACE &amp; HANDY MUSIC COMPANY, Inc. (Home of th e Blues) 1547 Broadway New York, N. Y . Mention The Crisis THE CRISIS ADVERTISER FLORENCE COLE-TALBERT Soprano "Shu lias one of the best voices that God bu given her race."—Los Angeles Times. "Special praise must be given Mrs. Florence Talbert who beside her natural gift has already reached a high plane of professional accuracy."—German Devries In Chicago American. Kiig&amp;cenipnts accepted for Concerts, Recitals, Oratorio. 659 28th Street Detroit, Mich. Clarence Cameron White VIOLINIST "Critics are one in their high estimate of the splendid attainments of Clarence Cameron White and his Concert appearance in your city means the musical event of the season. For terms and dates address 616 COLUMBUS AVENUE BOSTON, MASS. CLEOTA COLLINS LYRI C SOPRANO "Miss Collins pusses^ &amp; voice of wonderful quality which she manages with admirable taste and skill. Her personal charm and beauty enhanced the pleasure enjoyed from the really excellent program presented. The audience of music lovers in attendance were enthusiastic in their appreciation of the talented young lady."—Newark Daily News. ENGAGEMENTS ACCEPTED 103 "W. 143d St. New York City. INVINCIBLE CONCERT CO. High Class Entertainers Churches Schools Lodges Y. M . C. A.'S For dates and terms write: 1910 E. 24th Street, Kansas City, Mo. My court* in Penmanship" Bookkeeping, and Shorthand through the mat will prepare you lor the position worth while. Write for information. A. D.Nolley, M . Pen., 519 Michigan Me., Buffalo N.Y. Roland W. Hayes Phonograph Records NOW READY AND ON SALE (Order by Number) No. I. Swino Low. Swoot Chariot $1.50 Negro Spiritual, by Harry T. Burleigh. No. 2. Vostl La Glubba (Put on Your Sraook).. .$2.00 Artoeo from I'agllaccl, Orchestral Accompaniment, Leoncavallo. No. 3. Twilight $1.00 By Catherine A. Qlen. No. 7. By and By $1.60 By Harry T. Burleigh. AGENTS BOSTON, Man., A. J. Jackson &amp; Co.. 130 Boyliton St. BOSTON. Mass., Harold Wbitham. 1781 Washington St. BOSTON. Mass., Hicks. Laney 4 Eaton, 798 Tremont St. BOSTON. Mail., It. A. Dlnsmore. 1221 Tremont SL CAMBRIDGE. Mass.. Mrs. O. W. Nowell, 890 Main St. SPRINGFIELD, Mass.. J. W Adams. 160 Eastern Ave. WOUURN. Mass.. Edward Caldwell, 388 Main SL DETROIT, Mich., Miss Grace L. May. 253 Woodland MONTGOMERY. Ala.. Wm. O. Porter, 368 Margaret St. TUSKEGEE. Ala.. Arthur Logan, Tuskegee Institute. BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Miss E. O. Wyatt, 1319 Ave nue H. JACKSONVILLE, Fla., J. M. Robinson. Jr.. 1921 East St. BALTIMORE, Md„ W. H. Roberts. 236 N. Amity St. PORTLAND, Ore., Mra. E. D. Cannady, 401 Buchanan Bldg. PHILADELPHIA. Pa., Mrs. Margaret Corbott, 1941 Balnbriuge St. SAN FRANCISCO. Cel.. Harry O. Johnson, Security Savings Bank. OAKLAND, Cel., Mrs. A. M. Smith, 494 Moss Ave. CHARLESTON, S. C . E. B. Lawrence, 470 King SL NORFOLK. Va_. Miss B. C. Smith, 822 Avenue A. PITTSBURGH. Pa.. Mrs. Chas. H. Trusty, 820 Ana heim St. WASHINGTON. D. C Dr. C. Sumner Wormley. 997 Florida Ave. SPRINGFIELD. III., Miss Alice E. Williams, Box 131. Chatham, 111. MADISONVILLE. Ky., J. A. Watson, 117 Main St LOUISVILLE, Ky., Mrs. H. W. Jordan, 822 W. Wal nut St. LOUISVILLE. Ky., Columbia Phonograph Co. PROVIDENCE. R. I., Miss Fiorina M- Williams. 297 Thayer SL NEW YORK CITY. N. Y.. Dr. Harry O. Blue, 663 Lenox Ave. MONTCLAIR. N. J.. James D. Williams, 7 Walnut Pi. C0LLINGSWO0D, N. J.. Mr. R. M. Taylor, 501 Park Ave. WACO. Texas. Miss Lula Mayes, 1127 N. 7th SL MERIDIAN. Miss.. L. L. Foster. 1207 26th SL INDIANAPOLIS. Ind.. W. H. Roberts, 601 West SL WILMINGTON, Del., Mrs. Elizabeth D. Banton, 924 French St. GREENVILLE. S. C , Mr. James R. Kennedy. 630 Pendleton St. CHARLESTON, W. Va., Mr. Edward C. Lewis. Box 1204. WILLIAM SB RIDGE, N. Y., Mr. Robert H. O. Young. 743 E. 218th St. DETROIT. Mloh., Mr. W. Arnold Hooper. 647 SL Antolne St. TULSA. Okla., Mr. Harrison M. Magill, 3051V4 N. Hartford Ave. ATHENS, Ga.. Dr. Charles Walton, 1211 Vt Clayton St. DAYTON, 0.. Mr. R. D. McGregor. 100 Pontlac St. CHICAGO, III., Mr. David Mitchell, 6428 Eberhard Ave. PARKERSBURG, W. Va.. Mrs. James E. Edmondson, 591 5th St. ST. LOUIS. Mo.. Mr. Clabome Riddle, 4208 W. Cote Brflllante. NEW YORK CITY. The Pace 4 Handy Music Co., Inc.. 1547 Broadway. STAMFORD, Conn.. Mr. Emmett Lewis, Box 277. Reliable and energetic Agents wanted in cities not here mentioned. Roland W. Hires, Tenor, Recitals, Concerts, Oratorio, Opera, Booking engagements for Continental Tour, season 1919. For terms, dates, eto, please write. Roland W. Hayes 3 WARWICK ST. BOSTON, MASS. Mention TH E CRISIS. BOOKS BY PROFESSOR KELLY MILLER 1. An Appeal to Conscience (just off the press—Macmillan) $ .60 2. Race Adjustment (publishers' price, $2) 1.50 3. Out of the House of Bondage (publishers' price, $1.50) 1.25 4. The Three Books Listed Above (publishers' price, $4.10) 3.00 5. The Disgrace of Democracy (100,000 copies distributed) 10 6. The Negro's Place in the New Reconstruction (Ready about Jan. 15, 1919) 10 Add 10% for postage to all orders. Remittance invariably in advance. Agents Wanted Everywhere KELL Y MILLER , Howard University, Washington, D. C. Inform yourself as to "AD Art Treasure at Home" Wm. Edouard Scott offers a rare opportunity to have a rare art treasure in your home. Send a photograph of yourself or your son or your NEGROES brother who is "over there" and he will paint a beautiful portrait of him; By reading one that will retain color for. one hundred years. Absolute lightness. Dr. Carter G. Woodson's Guaranteed both in color and form and beautifully framed to hang. PRICES A CENTURY OF NEGRO 8 x 10 $25.00 16 x 20 50.00 24x 30 100.00 Terms: One-half down, balance on re220 Pages Price $1.10 ceipt of portrait, if absolutely satisfactory. This book is unique in that it is the Mr. Scott is a graduate of the Art fust and only scientific treatise in Institute, Chicago, Julian Academy, this field. It undertakes to explain Paris, France and the Beaux Arts, why the Negroes have migrated, Paris. He also studied three years where they have gone and what they with H. O. Tanner and has exhibited have done. in the Royal Academy, London, England, Salon, Paris and in most of the Agents wanted everywhere. large Art Galleries of the United States. MIGRATION Send all orders to the author Address: 1216 You Street, N. W. William E. Scott, ""cttV^ Telephone—Wentworth 8810 Washington, D. C. 1124 N. Senate Ave., Indianapolis. Ind. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Southern Aid Society of Virginia Incorporated 25th Annual Report (Condensed) The Southern Aid Society of Va., Inc., was chartered at Richmond, Va., February, 1893, to engage in Industrial Sick Benefit Insurance, insuring against Sickness, Accident and Death. The following report of business done during 1918 will show that the Acorn of 1893 has become the Giant Oak of 1919: Receipts Jan. 1, 1918 Cash Balance brought forward $88,317.79 Dec. 31, 1918 Annual Income 548,835-64 Gross Receipts for 1918 $637.i53-43 Disbursements Dec. 31, 1918 Total Disbursed, including investments made during the year 534,496-73 Cash Balance, Jan. 1, 1919 $102,656.70 Jan. 1, 1919 Total Assets $348,536.95 Jan. 1, 1919 Total Liabilities including Capital Stock 48,676.57 Jan. 1, 1919, Surplus Fund $299,860.38 A record unsurpassed by any other Insurance Organization confining its business territory to one state. A few desirable agency openings in Virginia for intelligent and thrifty young men and women. SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY OF VA., Inc. 527 N. SECOND ST., RICHMOND, VA. OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS A. D. PRICE, Fret. W. E. BAKER, Trill. EDW. STEWART, lit Vice Pres. A. WASHINGTON J. T. CARTER, 2nd V. P. and Att'y. W. E. RANDOLPH. B .A. CEPHAS, 3rd V. Pres. CHAS. N. JACKSON. B. L. JORDAN, Sec.-MgT. W. A. JORDAN, Ant. Se«y.-Mjr. Mention TH E CRISIS The North Carolina Mutual Life Insurance Co. Home Office, DURHAM, N. CAROLINA Strongest Old Line Negro Life Insurance Company in the World Insurance in Force - $16,096,722.00 Assets nearly One-Half Million dollars. Owns $160,000.00 in Liberty Bonds. The following Editorial appeared in the "Durham (Daily) Herald," May 10, 1918; A SUBSTANTIAL ENTERPRISE (Editorial) The North Carolina Mutual and Provident Association, a business enterprise owned, controlled and actively managed by colored men of Durham, has developed into an important asset of the city during its nineteen years of existence. It is no idle boast nor advertising motto that this company is thej "largest and strongest Negro insurance company in the world." It is just that and more. It is managed along the most modern lines and is a business which not only the colored people may be proud of, but one which also deserves a high place among the new insurance companies of the southern states. Income 1918 - $819,771.09 Amount Paid in Claims Since Organization $2,082,887.61 Your Chance to Buy Stable Life Insurance from $500 to $5,000. POLICIES WITH ALL MODERN PROVISIONS, INCLUDING A PERMANENT DISABILITY CLAUSE. John Merrick, President A. M. Moore, M.D., Sec'y and Treas. C. C. Spaulding, Vice-President and General Manager J. M. Avery, Assistant Gen'l Manager E. R. Merrick, Ass't Sec'y. Atlanta University SALESMAN WANTED Want to get in touch with a man of ability, Studies of the Negro Problems influence and thrift. A n opportunity for the 20 Monograph! Sold Separately right man to represent a reliable going busi Address ness of seven years standing. Write and get ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE particulars. Box 176, Clementon, N. J. ATLANTA UNIVERSITY •• ATLANTA, GA. HOTEL DALE $25.00 PER WEEK CAPE MAY, N. J. may be made in commissions by parties handling "History of Ne^ro Soldiers in Spanish-American War'* combined with "History of the Negro Race," 400 pages, 60 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Address: E. A. JOHNSON 164 Nassau Street NEW YORK THE NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY Contains 290 Pages, 35 Chapters, Historical and Biographical, 17 Full Page Illustrations Printed on Fine Antique Book, Bound in Full Green Extra Cloth, Gold Title on Front Cover and Shelf Back. Price, net $1.25. Postage Comfort and Elegance without Extravagance Prepaid $1.4 0. Order through any bookseller This Magnificent Hotel, Located in or direct from the author. Address the Heart of the Most Beautiful JOHN W. CROMWELL Seashore Resort in the World, 1439 Swarm St. Washington, D. C is replete with every modern improvement, superlative in construction, appointments, service and refined patronage. Orchestra daily, garage, bath houses, tennis, etc., on premises. HOTEL WASHINGTON Special attention given to ladies and children. First-Class Service for First-Class People Send for booklet. 3427 South Park Annus, Chicago. III. E. W. DALE, Owner Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Colored Dolls for Your Children Teach your children pride of race and appreciation of race. Early impressions are lasting. These beautifully dressed, unbreakable, brown skin dolls designed and made by colored girls in a factory owned and controlled entirely by colored people. These are not the old time, black face, red lip aunt Jemima colored dolls but dolls well made and truly representative of the race in hair and features. 16 inches with long flowing curls, beauti fully dressed	 $3.50 16 inches with marcel wave, nicely dressed 3.00 16 inches Buster Brown style hair, very neat 2.50 Soldier boy In full uniform 1.60 So far as we know this is the only Negro doll factory in the world. BERRYand ROSS, Inc. Factory: 36-38 W . 135th St. NEW YORK CITY H . B. Boulin, President, Dr.	 E. Bawling, Vice President, Counsellor P. Ifleld, General Manager, S. Reid, Business and Sales Manager. AGENTS WANTED WRITE FOB TERMS Only those who mean business need write us. Earn $35.to MO.WEEKLY ALL OR SPARE TIME Guaranteed ForTanYaara Ton—yourself-can positively make S35 to »100 a week. I wantmen. hurtling, energetic, ambitious tellom, anrfons to make money, who ore willing to workwith me. Not for me, but vrithme. are you that kind? I want you to advertise, sell and aonoint local agents for the biggest, most sensational seller in IS rears-Sthe ROBINSON FOLDING BATH TUB. Demon strating Ta b Furnished. Here's an absolutely new invention -Nothing like it. Makes instant appeal. Sells easily. Gives every home a modern, up-to-date bathroom in on y part of the house. No plumbing, no water-works needed. Folds in small roll, bandy as umbrella. Self-emptying, positively unleakable. Absolutely guaranteed"for 10 years. Remember, fully 70 per cent of homes have no bath rooms. Sensational Sales Successes Two sales a day means S300 a month. Breeze, of Idaho, made ^profit in 30 days. Bev. Otto Schulze, Mo., got «1600to date. Bidder . Mont, orders in 1 days. Hamlmton.of Wyo.. made J60 first two days. Hundreds like that. Pleasant, permanent, fascinating work. Write a post card. Let me write yon along letter. No experience needed, no. capital. Yourcreditisgoodif yon mean business. But you must be ambitions, yon must want to make money. lhat s all. Write a postcard now. . I want to pay you $35 to HOO every week, H . S. Robinson,' Pres. The Robinson Cabinet Mfg. Co. 4973 Factories Building Toledo. Ohio PATRIOTIC PAGEANT by Mme E. Alalia Hackley The Well Known Promoter of Community Entertainments Fur Churches, Philanthropic or beneficial Societies, Schools, or, 03 a source of Income to directors with or without Musical Knowledge The greatest and surest money making entertainment before the public. Quick, easy, inexpensive, artistic, full of action. *alisfylng, flexible, educational and It never fails as Uiu greatest of financial successes. Anyone who can walk, old or young, may participate, and the Pageant Party may number one hundred or one thousand, according to the seating capacity. The Patriotic- Pageant may be given as a Victory Pageant, a Pageant of Nations, a Queen's Pageant or a Queen's Masque. The first book earned over $7511 fur a church in a small town and was conducted by an Inexperienced woman with no musical ability. Give a Patriotic Pageant for your Church, your Day Nursery, your Old Polk's Home, your N. A. A. C, P.. your Y. W. C. A., or your School. Vary the idea until you wear It to shreds and still money will come to your cause. Get the Pageant habit. It pays. Patriotic Pageant Book, complete Instructions, $3.00, and 10c for postage. P. O. order only. LANGSTON and BRASCHER, Sole Agents 3129 So. State Street Chicago, Illinois A LITERARY CLUB IN EVERY TOWN Every Club under System. For Pleasure, Education and Profit. Write National Literary Association, 1230 You St., N . W., Washington, D. C. SPEND YOUR VACATION AT Beautiful Idlewild The most wonderfully ideal spot where young and old cast aside for the time all the cares and worries of their strenuous, nerve-racking routine lives and romp and play once more as children and enjoy to the full nature in all her wondrous glory. The waters of the lake and surrounding trout streams are fairly teeming with game fish of the best varieties. Do you enjoy bathing, boating, fishing, hunting? Do you enjoy roaming through the woods picking wild flowers and wild berries? Do you want a place to go where you can build up your health, vitality, energy and business efficiency? Do yoj enjoy mingling with the active, thinking, progressive people of the day—people who do things? Do you believe in progress and do you want to have a part in one of the most progressive movements of the time? Surely I Then you will be interested in, and want to own a lot of your own in Beautiful Idlewild, Michigan. If you act at once you can se cure a beautiful let for only $30.00 each; $6.00 cash; $1.00 per week. When your payments are completed the lot will be transferred to you by an absolute warranty deed with abstract show ing clear, title. Good live energetic agents wanted Idlewild Resort Company 1110 Hartford Bldg So. Dearborn St. Chicago,111. Mention THE Crisis. THE MOST ATTRACTIVE LOT OFFER EVER MADE! IDEAL BUILDING LOTS, improved and developed, with FRUIT TREES PLANTED ON THEM, in Beautiful ORCHARDVILLE FOR ON VERY ONLY EASY TERMS $49 50 This offer is attracting the attention of people all and take care of on each lot. EAC H LO T IS over the country and is one that should receive GUARANTEED TO BE HIGH AND DRY YOUR careful consideration. UNDER A MONEY-BACK GUARANTEE, AND THE CONTRACT YOU GET GIVES YOU Orchardville is located in a high grade fruit JUST THE PROTECTION YOU MIGHT growing region and when it is fully developed WANT. it will be the only place of its kind in the country, and the kind of place we all like to dream about. The price of the lots, as stated above, is only Unlike other lot offers, where the purchasers are $49.50 each, and the terms are only $3.00 a month. left to develop their lots themselves, W E D O (Smaller terms when more than one lot is purTHAT FOR YOU AND PLANT FIVE HIGH chased.) NO INTEREST. GRADE FRUIT TREES ON EACH LOT, as Bear in mind that the NUMBER OF LOTS IS well as A BEAUTIFUL SHADE TREE, and we LIMITED and that it is a case of FIRST COME take care of the property and trees for FOUR FIRST SERVED. We have a beautiful circular YEARS WITHOUT EXTRA COST. When the that gives you all the details of this offer and fruit trees are in commercial bearing they should which you will find very interesting. Send for earn you EXCELLENT YEARLY RETURNS on a copy TODAY. your investment WITHOUT ANY EFFORT ON Simply write your name and address on the YOUR PART. coupon attached below, mail it to us NO W and The lots are sized 30 x 144 Feet and have plenty as soon as we receive it we will send you the of room for a house, garden, chicken yard, shed, circular without any obligation to you. SEN D etc., besides the fruit trees that we will plant FOR IT RIGHT AWAY ! ADDRESS THE SWAN-ARENSON REALTYand DEVELOPMENT CO. 19 SO. LA SALLE STREET CHICAGO, ILL. WRITE PLAINLY THE SWAN-ARENSON REALTY and DEV'PT CO. Chicago, 111. Date 1919. Gentlemen:— I am Interested in your Orchardville lot offer and would be glad to receive one of your circulars without any obligation to me. Name Address Town State. C. 6-19 Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER WHICH OF THESE SUITS DO YOU WANT? SEND NO Here's the Biggest Tailoring Offer ever made. Stylish perfect-fitting suits made to your individual measure, of the season's choicest silk decorated weaves, silk-stripe fabrics, gold-mixed worsteds, and imported dress cloths, SEND NO MONEY guaranteed to please you completely, or Money Back.samples to-day, and pick the one you like best, at:  Write for free MONEY  $8.95 12.85 15.48 21.95 25.90 DRESS UP AND MAKE BIG MONEY If you care to see the BIGGEST VALUES IN TAILORING, if you care to see the ehoicest up-to-date patterns, if you oare to make a big- saving, write us to-day, and we will send you, entirely free, our tine tailoring hook with cloth samples of imported and domestic weaves in those rich, stylish patterns, now worn by dressy men and young men. Don't think of placing an order for new clothes anywhere "before you see this book of surprising tailoring values. YOU SAVE from 30 to 50 PER CENT That's what your saving amounts to when you order clothes of us. And ours is genuine hand-tailoring expertly-done, beautiful work. Every garment tailored strictly to individual measure, and guaranteed to satisfy and please you completely, or full purchase price cheerfully returned. We Wil l Not Keep One Penny Of Your Money, Unless You Are WELL-PLEASED, thus leaving it to each customer to judge whether the clothes ordered of us are the best-wearing, the most satisfactory garments you ever wore. NO EXTRA CHARGES-POSTAGE PAID When you order of us you pay No Extra Charges of any kind. Whether you prefer a conservative, or a fancy novelty style, the price is always the same. No matter how tall or stout you are, there are No Extra Charges of any kind, and every order is sent postage paid. - PLATED THIS BEAUTIFUL GOLD PIN FREE To make certain you will tell others about us, we will give you absolutely FREE, with your first order, this handsome Gold-plated PIN. There Is no advertising on this Pin. You will be proud to wear It. Your friends will ask you what this beautiful emblem stands for—and this will remind you to recommend OUR STYLISH TAILORING to them. CASH PROFITS FOR SPARE-TIME WORK Together with our free samples, we will send you also full information of how you can earn a lot of extra money by sending orders for your relatives and friends. You will be surprised what a real money-making opportunity this means to you, even if you can spare only a few hours for this work. Orders come easy when you can show tailoring values like ours. The big saving can be seen at a glance. Some of our agents make from $25.00 to $50.00 a week, others as high as $76.00. Mr. Will J. Davis, of North Carolina writes: "Orders are easy to get. I made $16.89 In three hours." That's nice money for three hours' work, and we have thousands of similar letters, all telling the same pleasing, satisfying story. You will find the work easy and pleasant, no experience needed, nothing at all to learn, nothing to study. Send us your name—send It to-day—now—while the whole matter is fresh in your mind, and get complete book of fashions with free cloth samples and full information. Address CHICAGO TAILORS ASSOCIATION 515-521 So. Franklin Street Dept. L-572 Chicago Mention TH E CRISIS. FEET PRINTING at POPULAR SORE AND TENDER Antiseptic Foot Powder, relieving excessive perspiration and PRICES offensive* odors. Price 50 cents. By Mall BO cents. Good Letterheads, En DR. WILLIAM J. CARTER, Foot Specialist velopes, Cards, bill 167 West 136th St.. New York City. heads or statements. 100 $1 Mrs. M. WATSON RUDD, 154 West 131st St. New York City 500, $2.25; i.ooo, $3.50; 5,000, $14.75. Cash has placed upon the market her new with order. Money Back Guarantee. ROSE NINON NUFEET POWDER It is especially recommended for soldiers, clerks, rail ye MISSION PRINT SHOP road and factory employees, dancers and all persons SAM H. READING, ye Printer who arc required to stand or walk to any extent. Agents Wanted—Write for particulars. 611 N. 43rd Street PHILADELPHIA Mention THE Crisis. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER •OUR COLORED SOLDIERS IN ACTION" "WELCOME HOME" "TRUE BLUE" "OUR COLORED FIGHTERS" "TRUE SONS OF FREEDOM" "OUR COLORED HEROES" Greatest Six Negro Patriotic Pictures of our own boys published in the World. Portraying the scenes of battle, etc., of our great brave and true colored soldiers. These pictures are most beautiful, size 16x20. Every CRISIS reader gets the six pictures with large catalog for 60c postpaid. Discharged Soldiers, Sailors, Agents and Dealers everywhere wanted to handle these pictures. $10.00 to $25.00 a day and more selling them. Retail at 25c each. Cost you wholesale only 30 for $2.00. 100, $5.50. 250, $13.50. 500, $24.00. Prepaid anywhere in United States. Parcel Post. Men selling 100 to 300 a day. Selling by the thousands everywhere. Agents amazed over their sale. Millions will be sold. Special prices in large quantities. Illustrated catalog Free. Shipments to all Allied Nations of the World. Prices Prepaid to Foreign Countries outside U. S.: 100, $6.50; 250, $16.00; 500, $28.50. RUSH IN YOUR ORDERS AT ONCE. SHIPMENTS leave same day order is received. HANZEL SALES COMPANY Largest Patriotic Picture House. Dept. 22. N. S. PITTSBURGH, PA., U. S. A. O.	 M. Shackelford, Author of Popular Books "Lillian Simmons," a colored story, tends to unite the race and to lift it to a higher plane of thought. It causes Northern colored people and Southern colored people to think more of each other. It amuses, instructs, advises, criticizes and inspires. "Seeking the Best," our other book, is a character builder. Nothing in print can beat the true stories, essays and poems which it contains. These two books are combined into one 400-page volume. Price $2.50. Address all orders to the author, O. M. Shackelford, 1806 E. 14th St., Kansas City, Mo. Be A Business Man Do You Want To So Your Own Boas? LR m thow ros how to nn • bmiwm of rom ova. Smur capiat »• IIII i Pmbiliiin ueJimucd Nnisrr rmcslM sor on auk*&gt; ,-T ;rirr-;r-r.".r roar ABILITY cavaB. U foo trt llrndr In w--«.-4 (ei ottim. and rnlhr vuit to b* md#p*no&gt;«l, wr.u lor y «•* bookm W Buiintit Without a Color ll fun Hi ft. nMhml W" la .-f-r •mSit.ms COtoffd nin imt - - • • in '	 . Scad 12c (or p«l|t. cj Inter-State Sales Company DOS S*v*mh 1»t. Ueftk 5. New Yor* Otj WANTED Agents for TH E CRISIS. Dignified Work 70 Fifth Avenue, New York Telephone, Baring 7794 ISADORE MARTIN Real Estate and Insurance Notary Public Mortgages 6 North 42nd Street, Philadelphia, Pa. Patents secured on easy terms Write*] for particulars. JOS. H. STEWART, Attorney-at-Law, 494 Louisiana Ave., N. W., Washington, D. C. ATTENTION ! We are publishing two brand new Patriotic Pictures of Colored People. "Heroes Abroad'' and "A Hero's Welcome." Genuine hand colored, 16' x 20 inches. Price, post-paid, 25c each. Special prices to agents. These pictures should be in every home. Positively the most elegant of their kind ever published. These would sell at almost any price asked. Secure the agency in your locality and prosper. THE PICTORIAL ART PUBLISHING CO., 537 So. Dearborn St. Chicago, 111. _ , , ( Central 104-W Telephones: { M ain 61 HARRY E. DAVIS ATTORNEY-AT-LAW NOTARY PUBLIC 1607 Williamson Builidng Cleveland, Ohio General Practice	 Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW 818 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH ATTORN EY-AT-LAW Offices: Suite 802 Sykes Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis Minn. Tel. 3437 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW 34 School Street	 Boston Mass. Telephone Connection W. Ashbic Hawkins George W. F. McMcchen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN ATTORNEY-AT-LAW 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md . Badges, Banners, Lodge Regalia For all Lodge and Church Societies CENTRAL REGALIA CO. JOS. L. JONES, Pr... N. E. Cor. 8th and Plum Su., Cincinnati, Ohio Mention THE CRISIS. 50 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER KELLY MILLER'S HISTORY OF THE WORLD WAR FOR HUMAN RIGHTS or THE NEGRO IN THE WORLD WAR New Book Published April 1st, 1919 THE KELLY MILLER HISTORY OF THE WORLD WAR is all that the title can possibly mean. The author takes up the Great Conflict, following it step by step through the thirty excellent chapters, including the Terms of the Armistice, and General Pershing's full report to the War Department, and gives us the only condensed History of the Great War that is fair to the Negro Race The Negro's War for Democratization—He braces Himself and Claims to be the Champion of Democracy—Enters the Arena of Combat! The German Indigent—The South Sensitive—The North Quizzical — The Whole World Hesitant. The Negro Turns the Tide at Chateau Thierry—He Helps Hurl Back the Hordes of the Hun— Wins His Place and Right to a Voice in the Affairs of Mankind against Prejudice, Ridicule, Race Hatred and almost Insurmountable Obstacles! Kelly Miller, Dean of Howard University, residing in Washington. D. C., the friend of Government officials in the National Capital, is the best prepared Negro to give a complete record of what the soldiers and sailors of his race have accomplished in the World War for Human Rights. It is the most satisfactory and impartial War History yet written. The book is bound in durable cloth, with substantial head band, price $2.50. In Full Kerotol Morocco (similar to cut) $3.25. Copy mailed to any address upon receipt of the price. Satisfaction guaranteed or money refunded. AGENTS WANTED The Book is a RECORD BREAKER! Send 25 cents for a prospectus — It will be the best investment you ever made—Grasp the Opportunity of Making Money faster than you have ever done before! Our agents are sending us thousands of orders weekly—There will be A MILLION copies of the book sold during the next six months and A MILLION DOLLARS profit made by agents—Are you going to get your share? Many Agents are leaving high salaried positions to canvass! We will quote you agent's prices that will surprise you—Our agents consider a day lost when they fail to make at least $10.00—Get in touch with us and let us tell you about our liberal terms, large profits and free book offers. We are a live company and are looking for live wires to represent us. If you are a hustler you can make an income that will cause your friends and neighbors to sit up and take notice and gain you the respect and serious consideration of your community. AUSTIN JENKINS CO. 523 9th St., WASHINGTON, D. C. New Western Office : Chicago, III.    Address  Nearer Office The Largest Publishers of special books for Negroes. 700 Pages 50   Pages   of   Negro   Soldiers. 50 Pages of other appropriate and Interesting pictures. Prof.   Kelly Miller, Author, Howard University, Washington, D. C Dean Miller's Picture II x 14 Given With the book, or Picture Mailed for 25c Mention The Crisis. A Selected List of Books These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. Hazel.   (Mary White Ovington) ......................... $1.00 The Heart of a Woman and Other Poems.  (Georgia Douglas Johnson) .......................................... 1.25 Norris Wright Cuney.   (Maud Cuney Hare) ............. 1.50 The Life and Times of Booker T. Washington. (B. F. Riley) 1.50 A Narrative of the Negro.   (Leila Amos Pendleton) ...... 1.50 Souls of Black Folk.  (W. E. B. DuBois) .............r.. 1.25 A Century of Negro Migration.   (Carter G. Woodson) .... 1.10 Race Adjustment.   (Kelly Miller)...................... 2.00 History of the Negro.   (B. G. Brawley) .................. 1.25 The Negro Migrant in Pittsburgh. (Abraham Epstein) ... .50 Granny Maumee and Other Plays for a Negro Theatre. (Ridgely Torrence) ................................. 1.50 Half a Man.   (Mary White Ovington) .................... 1.00 Aftermath of Slavery.   (William Sinclair) ............. 1.50 My Life and Work.   (Bishop Alexander Walters) ........ 1.50 The Negro in Literature and Art.   (B. G. Brawley)...... 1.35 Fifty Years and Other Poems.   (James Weldon Johnson) .. 1.25 John Brown.   (W. E. B. Du Bois) ....................... 1.50 Negro in American History.   (J. W. Cromwell) .......... 1.25 Prince Hall and His Followers.   (George W. Crawford).. 1.00 The Haitian Revolution.   (T. G. Steward) .............. 1.25 Negro Culture in West Africa.   (George W. Ellis) ....... 2.00 The Negro.   (W. E. B. Du Bois) .........................75 The Education of the Negro Prior to 1861.   (Carter G. Woodson) ......................................... 2.00 Facts of Reconstruction.  (John R. Lynch) .............. 1.50 Life and Letters of Coleridge-Taylor.   (W. C. Berwick- Sayers) ........................................... 2.25 Poems of Paul Laurence Dunbar....................... 2.25 Afro-American Folksongs.   (H. E. Krehbiel) ............ 2.00 Out of the House of Bondage.  (Kelly Miller) ............ 1.50 Booker T. Washington.    (Emmett J. Scott and Lyman Beecher Stowe).................................... 2.00 Address, THE CRISIS, : : : : : 70 Fifth Avenue, New York LEARN BEAUTY CULTURE Through Scientific Instruction Send for Catalog We Teach Beauty Culture by mail Take our course. Become a professional Beauty Culturist and go into business for yourself. It is a clean, pleasant occupation and you earn money quickly and easily. Our instruction requires from six to eight weeks. The latest and most approved methods taught. "THE KASHMIR WAY" When you visit a Beauty Shop be sure the operator uses Kashmir Preparations and has learned the Kashmir Way—then you know you are getting the best of service and the finest preparations for Hair and Skin to be had. A Kashmir Diploma gives you prestige. STUDENTS WANTED FREE Kashmir Institute Catalog and Kashmir DeLuxe Beauty Book Write today KASHMIR INSTITUTE Dept. K. 312 S. Clark Street CHICAGO, ILL.