Poetry, a Magazine of Verse . The CRISIS Vol. 13-No. 4 FEBRUARY, 1917 Whole No. 76 ONE DOLLAR A YEAR TEN CENTS A COPY Executive Officers President DR. J. E. SPINGARN, Chairman of Board MOORFIELD STOREY Vice-Presidents OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Treasurer ARCHIBALD II. GRIMKE DR. W. E. B. DU BOIS. Director of PubliREV. JOHN HAYNES' HOLMES cations and Research BISHOP JOHN HURST ROY NASH, Secretary JOHN E. MILHOLLAND MARY WHITE OVINGTON JAMES VVELDON JOHNSON, Field SecreOSWALD GARRISON VILLARD tary NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE DIRECTORS Chicago Washington New York JANE ADDAMS PROF. GEO. WILLIAM COOK REV. HUTCHINS C. BISHOP DR. C. E. BENTLEY MRS. FLORENCE KELLEY Brooklyn Boston PAUL KENNADAY DR. V. MORTON JONES JOSEPH PRINCE LOUD CHARLES EDWARD RUSSELL DR. O. M. WALLER ARTHUR B. SPINGARN BUTLER R. WILSON Baltimore New Haven CHARLES H. STUDIN BISHOP JOHN HURST GEORGE W. CRAWFORD DR. JOHN G. UNDERHILL Spring-field, Mass. Philadelphia LILLIAN D. WALD REV. G. R. WALLER DR. WILLIAM A. SINCLAIR WILLIAM ENGLISH WALLING DR. F. N. CARDOZO THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE proposes to make 10,000,000 Americans Physically free from Peonage Mentally free from Ignorance Politically free from Disfranchisement Socially free from Insult If this is your fight, join and support us. Date 1917 MEMBERSHIP BLANK The Crisis is sent without further charge to members paying two dollars or more. O SWALD G ARRISON V ILLARD, Treasurer, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. S IR : I desire to become a member of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and to receive The Crisis. In payment of my dues for one year, I enclose dollars. Name Street ... . City and State www Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE. AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CONDUCTED BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER Contents Copyrighted, 1916, by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People Contents for February, 1917 PICTURES l'age COVER. The Honorable Richard T. Greener. Photograph From Life SHADOWS OF LIGHT 185 MEN OF THE MONTH 187 ARTICLES THE CALL OF THE PATRIOT. A Story. By Fenton Johnson 169 THE FREDERICK DOUGLASS HOME. By Mrs. Mary B. Talbert 174 WHY ? A Poem. By G. Douglas Johnson 184 RHAPSODY. A Poem. By Edwin J. Morgan 188 SHERIFF GRIFFIN. A Story. By Franklin O. Nichols 196 DEPARTMENTS EDITORIAL 163 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 166 THE LOOKING GLASS 177 MEN OF THE MONTH 186 THE HORIZON 189 TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS: The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be clanged as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPTS and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accom panied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as Second-class Matter in the Post Office at New York. N. Y. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER •MfmnnmmnnMiiiimmiiinu The NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL "I cordially commend the school's interest and needs to all who believe in the Negro race and in our obligation to help promote its intellectual, moral and religious uplift." REV. DR. CHARLES H . PARKHURST, New York City. IT IS MORE THAN A MERE SCHOOL IT IS A COMMUNITY OF SERVICE AND UPLIFT Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. Settlement workers, missionaries for home and foreign mission fields, Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. secretaries and district nurses receive a comprehensive grasp of their studies under a Wellesley graduate and experienced coworkers and actual every-day practice through the school's SOCIAL SERVICE DEPARTMENT. A HIGH STANDARD COLLEGE DEPARTMENT has now been established. We aim also to create a better qualified ministry. Industrial training, advanced literary branches, business school. Thirty-two acres; ten modern buildings; healthful location. We can accommodate a few more earnest, ambitious students. Communities requiring social workers should write us. School Term Opened Oct. 4, 1916 I For catalog and detailed information, address: | PRESIDENT JAMES E. SHEPARD I NATIONA L TRAININ G SCHOOL DURHAM , N . C. 1 r'iiiMKiiii]mimi]iBHininiiTirrniinirmnTTmiiiiiniiiiniiuniuiiitMiiuiiiiiiiiniiin niiiiiiiiuiiiniiii iniiiniiiiiiiiiiuni i uiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiMJMumiuiJilwjBlluilMiiimjmiiiumutniniiiniiiininunr mni uih™ THE The Cheyney Training School for Teachers AGRICULTURAL AND CHEYNEY, PENNSYLVANIA TECHNICAL CDLLEGE Under the management of the So ciety of Friends. Beautifully lo (Formerly A. &amp; M. Collets) cated, healthful, well appointed. Fell Tern began September 1, 1916. This school offers to young colored Board, lodging and tuition $8.00 per men and women who have a rea month. sonable secondary school prepara Maintained by the Government! of the United States and of North Carotion, and who earnestly desire to lina. become teachers, courses in acashort course. demic work, domestic science, doCourses leading; to the degree of mestic art, manual crafts and Bachelor of Soienoe in Agriculture and Bachelor of scienoe in Mechanics. agriculture. Tuition is free. Board, Write today for catalog. lodging, heat, light and laundry privileges are offered for nine Address: months for $100. The entrance PRESIDENT DUDLEY fee is $7. Fall term opened September 16, 1916. A. &amp; T. College For full information, write to Greensboro, N . C. LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Principal Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 161 Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-seven years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following de partments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Fall Term Began September 21,1916 For information address President R. W. Mc GRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. ST. MARY'S SCHOOL A n Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of St. Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 609 N. 43d St W. Philadelphia. Pa. The Colored Teacher A Practical Educational Journal containing A Department of Methods and Practical Helps for Teachers; a Department of Rural Education; and a Department of Current Educational News, conducted by the best trained teachers; besides Editorials, etc. $1.00 per year, 10 cents per copy. Agents wanted. Address The Colored Teacher, Box 22, Wilberforce, Ohio. A live agency furnishes the TEACHERS connecting medium in a busi ness way between teachers and schools and relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting. We have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Mary land, Mississippi. Missouri, New York, North Caro lina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1408 New York Avenue Washington, D. C. See the Selected List on the Back Cover MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA. College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gathered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M. W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. • High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE. President Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of special ists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Chris tian influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College, Preparatory, Normal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Nurse Training, Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. First Semester began Sept. 88th, 1016. For further information address W. A. FOUNTAIN, President BISHOP J. 8. FLIPPER, Chairman Trustee Board. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Stenography Typewriting Book-keeping THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE 1.	 Short Courses in Typewriting 2.	 Shorthand made as easy as A. B. C. 3.	 Brief Courses in Practical Book-keeping We	 typewrite Letters, Postal Cards, Wills; fill in Deeds and multigraph Circular Letters cheap. EDWARD T. DUNCAN, President 1227 SO. 17TH STREET, PHILADELPHIA, PA. The standard system easily mas Shorthand tered by our method. You write business letters the sixth lesson. Complete course of 20 lessons. Pay for each group when you are ready for them. Send $3.00 TODAY for enrollment and first lessons. Get started NOW. Particulars free. PITMANIC INSTITUTE 4277 Cote Brilliante, St. Louis. Mo. MME. BRIDGES' SCHOOL OF French Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring and Millinery. Bridges System, Special Courses in Designing, Copying, Draping, Making, Trimming, Finishing, Cutting and Fitting. Special reduction in tuition given to students en tering in groups of three or more or to one student taking two or more consecutive courses. Individual Instruction. A Bridges Diploma means something to you. 448 E . 35th St. Chicago, 111. LEARN THE S. T. TAYLOR SYSTEM of Garment Cutting, Fitting, Designing, Draping, Embroidery, Hand Decoration of Garments, Dressmaking and Ladies' Tailoring. Terms reasonable. Write for Catalog. S. T. TAYLOR SCHOOL AND PATTERN PARLORS Mrs. Maybel B. Evans, Prin. 34 N. Garfield Avenue Columbus, O. Mall Order Dealers Let the Sell valuable Instruction systems by cut price coupon under Money Back Guarantee. Big- MARGIN. -4 in 1 — Coupon Plan Small Sellin g Expense. Complete Plan, Sample • Increase Coupons and BARGAIN Bulletin sent on request. Your Profits Mail Dealer's Couoon system 521 So. Dearborn street, Chicago A man of first rate address with broad experience, a good literary education and thorough theological training, with one year of post graduate work, is open for settlement as pastor with any Baptist church. Best of reference with ten years' experience in the pastorate. Address O. B. Y., in care of the CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City. Correct Calling Cards POPULAR STYLES FOR LADIES OR GENTLEMEN lOO FOR 5O CENTS OR 50 FOR 30 CENTS. NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR ADDRESS. ALL ORDERS FILLED PROMPTLY. ATTRACTIVE PROPOSITION FOR AGENTS. WRITE FOR SAMPLES AND TERMS THE HOUSE OF CHOWNING INDIANAPOLIS. INDIANA ROLAND W. HAYES, Tenor Recitals Concerts Oratorio Opera "An unusually good voice. The natural quality is beautiful. It is a luscious yet manly voice. Mr. Haves sings freely and with good * taste."—Philip Hale, in the Boston Herald. "A voice of unusual sweetness and calibre.' —Chattanooga Times. Address: 3 WARWIC K ST.. BOSTON. MASS. PUBLISHER'S CHAT We are glad to say to our subscribers, readers and friends that the new year has started well with the CRISIS magazine. The amount of business which we did during the recent holidays in books, calendars and magazines surpassed all previous records. To our friends we say a cordial "Thank you." We believe that there are many communities as yet untouched by the CRISIS. Doubtless there are thousands of people who never heard of the magazine and the work which it is aiming to do for the benefit of the race, to whom the CRISIS would make a strong appeal, once an acquaintanceship is formed. Will you help us to reach them? We shall be glad to send sample copies of the magazine to any persons who might be thus reached. Drop us a line and the acquaintanceship is formed! Subscribers should remember that second class matter is not forwarded by the post office department. Al l changes of address, therefore, should be reported to us promptly and the old as well as the new address should be given. And won't you allow us sufficient time to make such change of address:' And on to the 50,000! Mention Turn CaUSJ THE CRISIS Vol. 13-No. 4 FEBRUARY, 1917 Whole No. 76 Editorial THE EDITOR, JANUARY 5TH. THE Y brought him down from the operating table at 1:30. It was a serious operation, the second he had undergone in two weeks. A t four I saw him sleeping in the ward, ether still hiding from him the sick horror that awakening might mean. "He is unconscious, and we cannot tell yet," said the nurse, "but he seems to have stood the operation pretty well." So I walked out of the hospital, thinking of all that it would mean for twelve million people if this champion of theirs were not permitted to live. Others would take up the gauge where he threw it down; others might wield brilliant pens; others would speak with something of his quiet eloquence. But never again could these millions find another leader exactly like him. I said to myself then, and I say it to you now: "What the colored people need most of all is not money, or land, or political power, or patronizing friends, but unpurchasable leaders— leaders who would not sell their souls for the good will of their neighbors or for big buildings, any more than they would for a dollar or a job." J. E. SPINGARN. THE CURTAINS OF PAIN ABOV E the Hill where St. John's Divine Cathedral raises its bald and mighty arch, hang the Curtains of Pain, grey and purplish as they sweep the Hill, but glowing above with rare and tender radiance save where the massive shadow falls athwart—the shadow from the Valley of the Shadow. There is moaning here and writhing and now and then a cry, and yet less, infinitely less, than one expects. There is silence and deep-pulsing stillness—all that and more. But above all there sits a mighty Brotherhood. We are all initiated into the Secret of Life beneath the flowing grace of the Curtains of Pain. Al l little distinctions flee; there is no Race; there is no Age; there is but one language. There is a certain softness of speech —we lift up gladly helping hands and offer every kindness of the softened word and touch of sympathy—while through the great window pours the winter's warm sun and the light music of the world comes faintly down in song. It is a very beautiful place. I am glad I am here. THE CRISIS THE MASTER OF HIS FATE AT the seventh annual meeting of the National Association for the Advancement of Col ored People, held in New -York on January 2, one familiar with the Association since its inception noticed certain tendencies of importance not only to the organization but to the Negro race. First, all distrust of the whites by the colored people, a familiar phenomenon in the early days, had vanished. It was hard to believe in the stormy scene, seven years and a half before, when Charles Edward Russell, with the genius of a master-presider, amid a tempest of denunciatory speeches, had succeeded in keeping parliamentary order. In 1917, there was no suspicion, no questioning of motive. The meeting was filled with a spirit of confidence and of good fellowship. Secondly, just as one saw that distrust had vanished, so one recognized a solidarity not only between a few colored and white members, but among the thoughtful colored people of the country. Each year that the Association continues with its aggressive work, each year that the C RISIS tells its story not only of the wrongs, but also of the progress of the colored people, the members of the Negro race gain in confidence and in the ability all together to strike a forceful blow. The philosophy of extreme individualism is attractive, many in the nation practice it, but it is utterly ineffective. A case here, taken up at random; a protest there, backed by half a dozen people; this does not leave a scratch on the bulk of race prejudice. But when race prejudice has found itself confronted by an association of hundreds of earnest people, white and black, it has been known to run to cover. The story that came from Boston of the discrimination practiced against a colored woman in a hospital in Mel rose, and of the success of the branch of the N. A. A. C. P. in completely reversing the policy of the institution, showed the strength of united effort. And every battle won, whether in Massachusetts or in California, in New York or in New Orleans, strengthens the next effort for fairer conditions for the oppressed. Thirdly, one felt that not only among the talented tenth, but among the mass of the race there was a growing confidence in the ability, a growing sense of the dignity, of the colored people. The American Negro for many generations was trained to think himself the inferior of his master ; such training was likely to breed either servility or its counterpart, impertinence. With freedom there came a wonderful sense of dignity, strengthened by the reconstruction legislation and education. Probably the northern teachers who went South after the war taught nothing of such importance as the lesson of the equality of all men before God. How wonderful many of them were in their passionate insistence on the dignity and the power of the colored race! It was their boys grown to manhood who, when the white South was in the saddle, refused to submit to the Jim Crow car, and walked miles to and from their work. The generation after them was too often taught to accept a crust with gratitude; but today new leaders are again calling for equality between black and white, for opportunity, for self-expression, for the best things in life. And last, the meeting showed that the economic progress of the Negro had been greatly accelerated in the last two years. Out of this horrible European war has come economic opportunity. The black man's labor is needed and he is getting into factory and workshop. A scarcity of labor has given him a quick boost toward equality, despite the southern administration of the nation's affairs, an ad EDITORIAL 165 ministration that stands unequivocally for the inferiority of the Negro. The employer of labor is going up and down the South telling the black man that he is a good fellow and that if he will come up North and work in his factory he shall receive a man's wage. And the Negro goes, and gains in self-respect and in the respect of others; for this country, like every other country, is ruled by the men who fill the pay envelopes, not by the men who are elected by the ballot. "I am the master of my fate, I am the captain of my soul." Henley's song is the song of our National Association. It calls to the soul of every black man and woman to assert its captaincy. Once the master of his fate, there is no task too fine for his genius. Within him is immense reserve power. Will he come into the ranks giving all his strength to this second great battle for freedom, or will he remain behind enslaved ? M ARY W HITE O VINGTON. THE Y. M. C. A. THE CRISIS has taken such frequent occasion to criticize the white Y. M. C. A. for its unchristian attitude toward Negroes that it is glad to note any thing that shows even a beginning of opposite tendencies. In a recent issue we were able to show that the Inter national Committee of the Y. M. C. A. definitely repudiated "The Birth of a Nation" as a Y. M. C. A. entertain ment so far as its authority went. We are also glad to learn by per sonal correspondence that the West Side Y. M. C. A., in New York City, has so far modified its previous in tolerant attitude as to welcome col ored people to its public lectures and to treat them with courtesy. We trust that these beginnings will have influence on the strongholds of heathenism in other parts of this great movement. THE GEORGE WASHINGTON FUND GEORGE WASHINGTON, a Negro freedman, died at Otterville, Jersey County, Ill., in 1868. He left to six trustees (who were to be appointed by the Circuit Court of that county) a fund for the education of colored youth resident in Illinois. After the various white trustees had stolen such amounts as they could and spent considerable in litigation the remaining fund amounts today to $23,960 and its average income during the last ten years has been $1,000. Of this income $400 has gone to expenses and $600 to educate students. The present Board seems to be honest, but not at all anxious to find colored students. Examinations are held from time to time in the county. It is necessary for colored youth in Illinois who wish a college education to see to it that these country gentlemen are prodded up and made to do their duty and that this fund instead of being dissipated in needless expenses becomes a real help to Negro education. Interested persons should write to H. L. Chapman, Jerseyville, Ill. "FRAUD" THE January issue of T HE C RISIS spoke editorially of the fraudulent work of one Thomas Hopkins. Through the efforts of C RISIS friends and persons who had been defrauded by him, Hopkins was tried and fined by the courts in Chatham and Danville, Virginia. Complaints have come to us from various points in Virginia and North Carolina concerning this man's fraud. We hope that interested persons in towns and cities where this man has carried his fraud will give him treatment similar to that which he received at the hands of interested persons in Chatham and in Danville. That T HE C RISIS and its friends should be so misused by a member of the Negro race is a disgrace of the vilest sort. A . G. D ILL. National Association for the A d vancement of Colored People (Lack of space prevents the publication here of the Seventh Annual Report in full. It will be mailed upon request.) THE annual meeting of the National As sociation for the Advancement of Colored People was held in New York City on January 2. The business session was held in the afternoon in the United Charities Building. Sixty members were present, including delegates from the Branches at Boston, Washington, Baltimore, Toledo, Orange, N . J., Montclair, N . J., Newark, N . J., Wilmington, Del., Philadelphia, Gary, Ind., Providence, R. I., and New York. Dr. J. E. Spingarn, chairman of the Board of Directors, in making his annual report, said that by far the most striking achievement of the N. A. A. C. P. during 1916 has been to inject lynching into the public mind as a national problem. It has been forced upon the national consciousness even in the midst of the world-war, Mexico, and a presidential election. Among the investigations made have been that of the Cherokee fires by the secretary; the lynching of Jesse Washington at Waco, Texas; the lynching of two women and three men at Gainesville, Fla.; and the lynching of Anthony Crawford at Abbeville, S. C. Accounts of all these investigations have been published in the CRISIS. Sometime before the Waco lynching occurred, Mr. Phillip G. Peabody, of Boston, had proposed that a fund of $10,000 be devoted to an anti-lynching crusade, and he offered to open the subscription with $1000 if the other $9000 could be raised within a period of two months. Mr. Moorfield Storey, President of the Association, at the same time subscribed the second $1000. To take advantage of these offers, 50,000 copies of the "Waco Horror" were published and distributed as a campaign document together with an appeal for funds. The branches cooperated with splendid enthusiasm. A total of $11,269.71 was raised at a cost of $1,203.73, thus establishing a fund of a trifle over $10,000 net, cash in bank. It is particularly noteworthy that both races contributed in about equal measure. In the midst of this campaign the Gainesville lynching occurred. Although the story of this lynching did not receive the publicity that Waco did, two important achievements grew out of it: Ex-Governor Carter, of Hawaii, upon reading the story in the CRISIS, sent in ten dollars and announced that he would continue to send that amount for every lynching which we reported in the same fair manner; and the editors of the New Republic were moved to write the splendid editorial on "The Will to Lynch," which served to call national attention to our campaign. To round up the antilynching campaign for 1916, the national office, on December 27, presented a loving cup to Sheriff Eley, of Lima, Ohio, "for devotion to duty, in preventing the lynching of the colored prisoner and resisting the mob at the risk of his life." The year opened with the wave of segregation still sweeping the country, with St. Louis in the center of the struggle. The St. Louis Branch led the fight against it there. The city decided in favor of segregation. Our field agent who had been assisting the branch in St. Louis immediately left for Dallas, Texas, to organize the opposition to a similar measure; but Dallas followed the lead of St. Louis, Louisville, and Baltimore. The fight was lost so far as it lies within the power of cities to pass such legislation. We base our expectation of winning the fight on Constitutional grounds. For testing the validity of all these statutes, the Louisville Segregation Case was argued before the United States Supreme Court, Moorfield Storey of Boston and Blakey, Quin &amp; Lewis of Louisville, representing the N. A. A. C. P. The court disagreed and have ordered a reargument before the full bench . We count it a victory and the fight against segregation a distinct achievement. A trained newspaper man was hired to watch both houses of Congress and to report all hostile legislation immediately to national headquarters and to the president of the District of Columbia Branch. This year's crop included five anti-intermarriage bills and three Jim Crow bills for the District of Columbia, as well as a bill making it unlawful to appoint colored men commissioned or non-commissioned officers in the army or navy, and a resolution calling upon 166 N. A. A. C. P. the Attorney General to force the Supreme Court to pass upon the validity of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendments. The Washington Branch secured a public hearing and no one of these measures passed Congress during 1916. The Association has long felt that our best hope of obtaining decent elementary education for the Negro in the rural South lies in obtaining Federal aid and in seeing that colored children receive their just proportion. It has been deemed wiser to organize a separate body to push this legislation in Congress, as southern support is absolutely necessary; and so we have aided in the formation of a Committee on National Aid to Education, to be formally launched in New York during the month of January. This year questionnaires were again sent out from national headquarters to Congressional nominees endeavoring to put each candidate on record as to his stand on the Negro problem. The results were published in the CRISIS. A determined attempt was made to inject the issue of lynching into the Presidential campaign, by the circulation of 100,000 circulars graphically portraying the horror. The awarding of the Spingarn Medal annually calls attention to the achievements and talents of the colored race. In 1916, besides the award of the Spingarn medal to Major Charles Young, a $200 scholarship was granted through the Pittsburgh Branch to one of its members as a reward to the branch for turning in the greatest number of new members. The appointment of Mr. James Weldon Johnson as Field Secretary and Organizer meets one of the greatest needs of the Association, a field captain to rally the cohorts. A n especially valuable development, because it arose at the suggestion of one of the branches (Cleveland) out of its own needs, was the District Conference. The Great Lakes District held its first meeting on Decoration Day, and since that time all the branches of the Association have been -	 grouped into nine districts as follows: Yankee District, Chesapeake District, Great Lakes District, Ohio Valley District, Prairie District, St. Louis District, District of the Plains, Southern District, Pacific District. A third guarantee of a stronger organization hereafter is The Bulletin, devoted entirely to Branch news. During the year five groups have been admitted as locals, two locals have been given charters as branches, and a New York Branch has been formed. New members to the number of 2,253 have been taken in during the year; 30,063 pieces of first class mail, 6,094 packages, and 199,690 pieces of literature have been sent from national headquarters. Treasurer's Report of the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE January 1 to December 31, 1916 Cash Balance December 31, 1915— General Fund $ 1,430.18 Maclean Memorial Fund 273.35 Federal Aid to Education Fund	 195.63 $ 1,899.16 INCOME January 1 to December 31, 1916 Contributions $ 6,291.49 Memberships 4,817.02 Literature sold 22.83 Pins sold 22.87 Subscriptions and sales of Branch Bulletin 3.25 Total receipts of the General Fund $11,157.46 Special Funds Maclean Memorial Fund— interest $ 11.02 Anti-Segregation Fund—con tributions from Branches .. 761.36 Anti-Lynching Fund 11,539.64 Federal Aid to Education Fund 50.00 Jim Crow Fund 2.00 Total receipts of the Special Funds $12,364.02 Total amount raised by N. A. A. C. P. from January 1 to December 31. 1916 $23,521.48 168 THE EXPENSES January 1 to December 31, 1916 Salaries $ 5,053.04 General Expense and Supplies 1,419.25 Printing and Stationery 1,319.88 Postage 584.30 Traveling Expense 558.20 Crisis subscriptions 891.05 Advertising in TH E CRISIS 184.45 Branches—proportion of mem bership fees 303.50 Branches—prizes for the 1915 membership contest 243.85 Furniture and Fixtures 90.16 Branch Bulletin—printing . . . 59.50 Total expenditures from General Fund $10,707.18 Special Funds Maclean Memorial Fund 13.80 Anti-Segregation Fund 569.83 Anti-Lynching Fund— Cost of raising Fund 1,203.73 Investigations and publicity 1,204.67 Federal Aid to Education Fund 245.63 Total expenditures from Special Funds 3,237.66 Total expenditures of all Funds from January 1 to December 31, 1916 13,944.84 Cash Balance December 31, 1916— General Fund 1,880.46 Maclean Memorial Fund ... . 270.57 Anti-Segregation Fund 191.53 Anti-Lynching Fund 9,131.24 Jim Crow Fund 2.00 11,475.80 Report of the Director of Publications and Research, Dr. DuBois. The work of this department has, as usual, been divided into three parts—the publication of TH E CRISIS, lectures, and information. The income of TH E CRISIS for the year 1916 has been $28,721.36. The total number of copies sold has been 51,000. The average net paid circulation has been 37, 625. In addition to this encouraging situation I have the pleasure to announce that the CRISIS is not only entirely self-supporting, paying every single item of its cost, including the salary of the editor and the salaries of all its employees, rent, light, heat, etc., but also in addition to this the business is entirely out of debt. CRISIS Revenue and Expense Account, 1916. EXPENSES Publishing $12,150.80 Salaries 7,618.40 General Expense 2,324.75 Postage 2,042.42 Stationery and Supplies 937.03 Bad Debts 1,693.59 Deprec'n on Furniture 98.82 $26,865.81 NE T PROFIT 1,328.04 $28,193.85 REVENUE Sales $17,457.90 Subscriptions 7,045.76 Advertising 3,064.89 Profit on Books 625.30 $28,193.85 Balance Sheet, December 31, 1916. ASSETS Cash $ 207.75 Accts. Rec.—Advertisers 1,486.67 " " Agents 2,403.19 Books 47.34 Books on hand 167.20 Paper " " 577.38 Furniture and Fixtures 1,877.63 $ 6,767.16 LIABILITIES None on books NET WORTH $ 6,767.16 $ 6,767.16 The Nominating Committee reported the following names for members of the Board of Directors for the term expiring January, 1920: Miss Jane Addams, Chicago; Dr. C. E. Bentley, Chicago; Rev. Hutchins C. Bishop, New York; Dr. F. N. Cardozo, Baltimore; Dr. W. E. B. DuBois, New York; Mrs. Florence Kelley, New York; Miss Mary White Ovington, Brooklyn; Mr. Charles Edward Russell, Washington; Dr. John G. Underhill, Brooklyn; Miss Irene Lewissohn, New York. The entire ballot was elected. The Budget Committee reported that its plan was to ask each branch to raise in THE CALL OF THE PATRIOT 1917 just twice as much as it had in 1916, so as to cover the expense of the new organizer and the legal administration of the Association. The Committee on the Annual Conference reported that the Governor of Ohio had consented to present the Spingarn Medal in Cleveland, the date of the Conference to be fixed later. The CRISIS Committee reported that it had worked in conjunction with the editor upon those matters that concerned the CRISIS as an organ of the N. A. A. C. P. The Legal Committee reported that it had concerned itself with a number of legal matters. Besides the segregation cases mentioned in the Chairman's report, the Committee had investigated, given advice, assistance, or directly aided in fighting discrimination and injustices in various forms. Chief among the cases of discrimination was that of Dr. Isabel Vandervall against the Syracuse Hospital for Women and Children, in which the committee secured a substantial offer of settlement. Mr. Walling gave a brief outline of the work the Anti-Lynching Committee intends to do in its campaign against lynching, as follows: 1. To gather together all possible information concerning lynching. 2. Investigation in the field and publication of results. 3. Bringing cases before the courts whenever opportunity offers. 4. Making an effort to obtain favorable legislation. The evening session was held in St. Philip's Church through the courtesy of Dr. Hutchins C. Bishop. Mr. Archibald H. Grimke presided. The session was devoted mainly to reports from branches. Mr. James W. Johnson, the new Field Secretary and Organizer, spoke on "Our Aim for 1917." Among other things, Mr. Johnson said, "The main duty before the Negro is to arouse and shake off his apathy to which perhaps fully one-half of his difficulties are due. As a race the Negro is very emotional. When that emotional power, which is now being frittered away, is compressed and directed through a channel, it is going to be one of the greatest powers possessed by the race for achieving its rights in this country." The following resolution was passed: IN MEMOKIAM "The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People has heard of the death of Mrs. Inez Milholland Boissevain and of that of Mr. Francis Jackson Garrison with a keen sense of irreparable loss, and it takes this occasion to express its profound and affectionate appreciation of their lives and of the value of their services to the cause of democracy and human brotherhood. They were both apostles of equality without distinction of race or color or sex and carried dauntlessly the banner of their lofty ideals through good report and evil in the midst of a hostile generation. They embodied in their conduct and character all that is precious and imperishable in the new gospel of peace on earth and freedom for all men. "From us they have passed in the flesh, but within us they remain in their brave and undying love of justice and truth and— God helping us—they shall remain to inspire us ever to give of ourselves as they gave of themselves to the holy cause of liberty, equality and human brotherhood in America and in the world." At the close of this session nine members of the Board of Directors met and the fol lowing officers were elected: Moorfield Storey, National President; Dr. J. E. Spin garn, Chairman of the Board of Directors; Oswald Garrison Villard, Treasurer; Dr, W. E. B. DuBois, Director of Publications and Research; Roy Nash, Secretary; Vice-Presidents : Archibald H. Grimke, Rev. John Haynes Holmes, John E. Milholland, Miss Mary White Ovington, Oswald Garrison Villard, Bishop John Hurst. m THE CALL OF THE PATRIOT THE CALL OF THE PATRIOT ! By FENTON JOHNSON 1 M EATE D on the bench under the little arGarrison, a Negro child of the mulatto type, bor in the rear of their home, Mrs. with eager eyes and ears was listening to Simpson was reading aloud the eulogy the glowing description of the black man's Wendell Phillips paid Toussaint L'Ouver-genius as a military leader and statesman ture, the Negro revolutionist. Her little son, despite his fifty years in bondage. THE CRISIS "O, mother," he cried, clapping his hands with glee, "Is it true? Did he put down the French and the Spanish and the English? Did he do all that the book says he did?" "Yes, honey," she replied. "He did that, and more too." "0, how I would like to be another Toussaint." And the mother kissed her child. From that day the boy became a hero worshipper, devoutly admiring the personality of Toussaint. Louisville, with her burning red brick and her streets dark with people of African descent, became to him a proper place to nurture one who should destroy the shackles of oppression. When he had read the oration for himself he wondered if Louisville and Haiti were not synonyms and if the dead could return and if within his veins flowed the admirable blood of princes as in the case of the Haitian patriot. Many a night he lay in his little white bed and dreamed of a massive black figure, majestic of poise and speech and born to command, and of a vision prophetic. He saw the cruel orgies of the enraged slaves as they swept before them in their wrath their helpless taskmasters. He saw the old man of the mountains with his fiery eyes and his voice, deep with the music of the Orient, turn them aside from a war of revenge to a war of righteousness. He saw the hero of eighty thousand, crowned with the laurel wreath and wearing the toga of government, pining away in a narrow prison cell overlooking Switzerland, crushed by the treachery of the Little Corporal. Garrison was imaginative. His mother before him was a woman of keen fancy and many said that under different circumstances she might have been a poet. His father, although wearing out his life in the monotony of the barber trade, was of military temperament and hopelessly read the novels of Scott and Dumas with the vain idea that he might appease his longing in the conflict of story-made heroes. "The Life of Toussaint L'Ouverture," by an English author during the days of the abolition movement, was a purchase he had made to find out the exact tactics of the Negro general and he smiled with pleasure when Garrison climbed upon a chair and took it down from the topmost shelf in their little bookcase to devour its contents with youthful ardor. When the minister, a scholarly man who first took up the work in the West Indies. had dinner with the family about a year after the reading of the oration, Garrison said to him: "Reverend, I've chosen my profession." "What is it, my little man?" he said, smiling, as he patted his head. "I'm going to be another Toussaint." The minister's smile broadened and he replied, "You have chosen well; you have chosen well;" and he hurried forth to regale himself with the fried chicken and the hot bread that Mrs. Simpson had prepared for him. Garrison had made his declaration. To him in his boyish zeal it was as sacred as the vow of a nun. Thenceforth he studied every means to further his ambition, reading the lives of patriots, black and white. And through his high school days, when the ideals of youth first find expression, he surprised the teachers in the Colored City Academy by declaring his black hero the greatest of all ages and organizing his fellow students into a semi-military organization to be known as the Patriots of L'Ouverture. Loyal to the young dreamer were those dusky .followers and many higher aspirations doomed to be crushed in the tragedy of the color line were launched in this organization. It was the panting breath of the young black folk, eager to be men, and the shade of Toussaint was hovering near them. "Great things shall come forth from this boy," said the minister. "He is destined to be a powerful factor in the redemption of the race. It would be a grave mistake if he should not be given the opportunity of college training." And so Garrison gave up his chance to enter his father's profession and armed with the diploma granted him by black men, he went up to Chicago, where the University, Minerva-sprung, feeds the minds of the entire world. It was his first taste of life in a great metropolis where the blacks and the whites alike are seeking commercial salvation. He saw State Street, which had lately grown into a theatrical centre for the Negroes of the country, and the hilarity and tawdry pleasure sickened him. And a keen disappointment entered his heart; for the race problem, like the germs of a deadly disease, was being inoculated into the pulsing life of the great city. 0, that he had the strength of a L'Ouverture that he might rid the city of this lily-white pest I THE CALL OF THE PATRIOI The black world in Chicago was too busy with the struggle of living to pay any attention to the silent young man in its midst. Few knew or cared about his career at the University and very little material encouragement came his way from them. Their social life was brilliant, but Garrison was not destined for the ballroom. He called such an existence vapid. He held himself aloof, spending his . time among his books and executing various menial tasks to pay the expenses of his education. He was a hermit in a city of two million. At the University he came and went, forming very few acquaintances. The in structors noted his quiet manner and his excellent scholarship, but were never able to learn his motive. The associate professor in French wondered why he was so eager to master the Gallic tongue, never dreaming that it was that he might read the books of the Abbe, who formed Toussaint's views on slavery. Many a night Garrison would sit with the Abbe's book or some French history of Haiti in his lap, his active mind forming visions of the part he would play in the struggle for Negro liberty and redemption. He became enthusiastic over the philosophy of Rousseau and unconsciously quoted Tol stoi and Voltaire. His vision fought shadow fights with all the powers of class distinc tion from the days of Menes. And he shud dered as he thought of the terrible revo lutions that wiped out such oppression and wondered and feared as only a dreamer can. Elizabeth Selwyn, born of the Southland and the bone and the sinew of the aristocracy, gave more than one passing notice to this slender young Negro. At first she felt the conflict of races, but she soon learned that to be in the same classroom with such as Garrison did not mean social intimacy. There was so much of the barbaric splendor of by-gone days and the warm passionate dreaming of the South land in this dark soul that she felt in spite of herself and her five generations of prejudice a secret admiration for him. And once or twice she felt tempted to ask him what he intended to do. But commencement day came and neither knew the other save by name. Elizabeth returned to her home in Georgia and to her natural prejudices. One girl watched Garrison graduate, her eyes dimmed with tears. She was Medora Leigh, the daughter of a prominent colored physician. Medora had learned to love Garrison and Garrison had learned to love her. But two nights after he had won her consent the young visionary told her of his ambition to emulate Toussaint and added, "Medora, I love you. I could not love one better. You are dearer to me than all I possess; but I feel a greater duty calls me." "What is it?" the poor girl asked, an uneasy fear entering her heart. "It is the call of the Southland. My people need me; I must work for them." "Then let me go with you." That was Medora's simple way of solving a difficult problem. "No, I cannot. You have never endured the hardships of the South. You, born in Michigan and carefully reared in Chicago, what do you know of separate cars, log cabins, tenant slavery, and the hundreds of other abuses in Dixie?" And thus the color line broke two hearts. A few days after commencement, Garrison left for Louisville with his diploma and his memory of Medora. The black world received him with open arms, though several looked at him askance, wondering if he were seeking a position in the Colored City Academy or not. As the summer drew toward its end, the minister secured Garrison a teacher's position in the far South and ere long he was speeding away in the dingy little car, allotted colored passengers, proud of his chance to strive for his race. And as the wheels of the car rattled and rumbled, he thought it was the music of the little band formed by the Patriots of L'Ouverture as his farewell ovation. It was a lazy land that greeted Garrison. Down in a swamp where the fireflies come in and out, adding a weird brightness to the night, Sinclair College sleeps with the vain idea that she is bettering the condition of the black folk. Sinclair, originally the most narrow of classical schools for Negroes, freighted with tons of Greek and Hebrew and a sprinkling of modern languages and science, forgetting entirely the study of the mother tongue, was now repudiating the old system and bestowing her little energy upon industrialism. The president, a preacher who exploited his race in the name of religion, more narrow in his conception of education and the general good of humanity than Sinclair College herself, greeted the teacher, but regarded him jealously, since he represented a great northern university. Garrison had not been there long before the president was opposing him in every effort he made to help the students and the THE CRISIS TOUSSAINT L'OUVERTURE. community. Many a time he would have given up in despair had it not been for the love and esteem bestowed upon him by all the black people for miles around. The whites began to hate the young teacher, who told his people of the doctrine of equality and the far sweeping effect of the French Revolution and advised them to build themselves up, economically and spiritually, so that they could be ready when the hour came. Their hatred and contempt inspired him and with trenchant boldness he launched The Revolutionist, a Negro sheet of protest, in which he both instructed and destroyed. "He is a dangerous niggah," the whites said, and they plotted among themselves how to overcome him. And Hagar brought to them the longed-for opportunity. Hagar was an industrious clothes-girl in the family of one Colonel Blackburn, who owned the entire community,—cotton, Negroes and poor whites. She was black, not comely, poverty and the abuse of ages robbing her of whatever beauty might have been her share; but she possessed the temper of a cowed being which unfortunately Edna Blackburn, the imperious daughter of the Colonel, aroused one Friday evening. "No; I shan't pay you," said Edna. "The clothes aren't worth it; besides I gave you a gingham apron two weeks ago. What more do you want?" "A h wants some money, dat's all," flashed back the enraged Hagar. "Dah's mo' dan me 'pendant on me fo' it; we has tuh eat and sleep laks de rest ob you, an' dat costs money. 'Sides ain't de work all right?" Thus they argued. Presently Hagar insisted upon taking the basket back to her cabin and when she was about to place her hands upon it Edna, as an act of intimidation, wielded a cowhide. Angry to the boiling point, Hagar seized a broom sitting near the kitchen door and in her blind fury struck the white girl on the temples. Edna fell over dead, and Hagar left, little realizing the tragedy she had committed. On the high road she heard a howling in the rear as of human wolves seeking their prey. Intuition told her that it was a lynching party and that evidently she was the intended victim. Dropping the basket, she ran, directing her course to Sinclair where she could put herself under the protection of Professor Simpson. It was a three mile run and only by miraculous effort did she escape the bloodhounds and throw herself at the feet of the youthful leader who was walking up and down the campus, weary after a customary quarrel with the president. "Sabeme! Sabe me! 'Fessah, sabe me!" she gasped. "What is the trouble?" he asked. "Dey's aftah me! Dey's aftah me! De lynchuhs!" was all the satisfaction the terrified girl could give him. Realizing the serious situation, Garrison rang the summons bell himself and almost immediately the entire male portion of the student body filed out fully prepared for drill. In a short address, Garrison informed them that the whites were about to cause trouble and probably attack the college itself. Each student had two different styles of charge and according to Garrison's directions was ordered to use the blanks first and not to fire until the enemy shot or attempted to cross the college boundary. So they stood, a solid phalanx, ready to defend their race and their lives; and their leader during the few moments of grace, his heart kindled with the fire of a patriot, thought of Toussaint who some hundred years since had taken his stand thus against Napoleon's invading army. Poor Hagar, quaking with fear, crouched behind a bush, her heart beating tumultously and excitement only keeping her alive. THE CALL OF THE PATRIOT Presently the whites advanced upon the school. "Heigho!" cried the leader; "Where's the nigguh gal, Haguh? We want huh." Garrison stepped within speaking distance. "And what has she done?" he asked in a voice rigidly calm. With oaths, characteristic of poor whites who ape the aristocracy of the South, the leader informed him of the crime, painting Hagar as both an imbecile and the most ferocious criminal of all ages. "If that is so," replied Garrison, "I shall be pleased to turn her over to the sheriff and his aides with the hope that she will be given a fair trial." "D—n it!" cried the leader. "We want huh now! We're itching to give huh a nice meal of pitch and tah and flame! She killed, a white woman! The d—n hussy !•" "Yes, we want huh. We want huh!" came from a hundred throats. And with a blood-curdling yell they attempted to break in the college gate. The students immediately tired. The unexpected charge, though harmless, frightened the mob and they fell back. Garrison immediately ordered the more effective bullets. "Fire!" cried the leader to the whites. "And aim foh the professuh!" After an hour of heavy fighting the president's surrey drove up, the president having been out for a drive. "Stop him! Stop him!" cried one of the whites. "He's the nigguh president and probably he knows." The president, frightened like a coward, shook and trembled and when he could manage to control his voice lapsed into dialect. "Yessah, yessah, massas! What's de trubble?" They explained it to him, adding: "We want the gul! We want to give huh huh just desuhts!" "Sho'! Tak' huh! She oughter be hanged! Yessah, she oughter! Kil l a white 'oomans! De hussy! An ' 'spects us 'spectable folks tuh help huh 'scape! Ah sho' is 'stonished." "Then lead us through your campus and let us search." "Sho'!" his teeth gleaming like a cat's. So, like Judas of old, the pedagog and man of God led the enemy, ordering his students to cease firing, which they refused to do. "It's that Simpson," said the leader, "D—n him!" "Simpson?" asked the president. "Did you say Simpson?" "Yes," replied the leader, "and if we could get him we'd make short work of him." "Ah'll show him tuh you gem'mun de right time. He oughter die! He hates you white folks." Five minutes later, as Garrison was kneeling at a spring to get a drink of water for a wounded student, the president, inspired with his burning hate, pointed him out and one of the whites fired. The insurgent fell fatally wounded. The students, frightened, threw down their arms and ran pell mell, the whites following ready for slaughter. A young white woman who had been watching the terrible riot from her carriage alighted and made her way to where Garrison was lying in his death agony. Stooping she took his head on her lap and staunched the blood with her delicate lace handkerchief. "Don't you know me?" she said. "Don't you know me, Mr. Simpson?" Garrison looked into her face, but could not name the owner. "Why, we went to school together. Don't you remember? I'm Elizabeth Selwyn, and I'm Georgia-born, too. But despite my Georgia blood, I admire you." "Why do you admire me? I'm black." "Yes, you're black—or rather mulatto— but you're a hero as grand as Charlemagne or Napoleon or Washington. This evening you reminded me of a famous black soldier I read about the other day;—I think his name was L'Ouverture. Oh, that I could love you, that no color line divided us!" "Why?" "I have always dreamed of loving a super-man, a person superior to all others, but I never thought that such would be found in the race I have been taught to despise. When you go before the God of both races, entreat Him to remove this prejudice that is gnawing the heart of society." "I shall do all I can for both races." And then closing his eyes, he said, "Look! I see Toussaint. He's coming to meet me! And with him I see Mirabeau and Wilhelm Tell and Watt Tyler and Wallace! And they have a laurel wreath for me! Oh, I die happy!" And thus he passed away. THE FREDERICK DOUGLASS HOME By MRS. MARY B. TALBERT At the last biennial meeting of the Na tional Association of Colored Women's Clubs, held in Baltimore, Md., August 6 to 10, 1916, a committee was appointed to look into the advisability of assisting the trustees of the Frederick Douglass Historical Association which has charge of the home of the late Frederick Douglass at Anacostia, D. C. We found that under a special act of Congress this Association was created first, to preserve to posterity the memory of the life and character of the late Frederick Douglass; and second, to collect, collate and preserve a historical record of the inception, progress and culmination of the anti-slavery movement in the United States and to assemble in the homestead of the late Frederick Douglass, commonly called Cedar Hill, in the village of Anacostia, in the District of Columbia, all such suitable exhibits of records or things illustrative or commemorative of the anti-slavery movement and history as may be donated to said' Association or acquired by purchase, bequest or other lawful means. After careful consideration of all the facts we conclude that this is the psychological moment for us, as women, to show our true worth and prove that the Negro woman of to-day measures up to those strong and sainted women of our race, like Sojourner Truth, Harriet Tubman, Amanda Smith, Frances Ellen Watkins Harper and others who passed through the fire of slavery and its galling remembrances. We believe the attainment of the goal depends upon the enlistment of every Negro, man, woman, boy and girl in America. We MRS. M B. TALBERT. seriously realize that it will require us to mobilize all the resources of our Association to show that we are not afraid to put ourselves on record as being able to save the home by one day's co-operative effort. We purpose to enlist the largest possible number of people, especially the boys and girls, in this part of the work of our Association, relying upon race loyalty and pride as the energizing power. We purpose to employ such methods as will enable us to use every resource within our power for the accomplishment of this task. We believe that the need is concrete and we know that our share toward saving the home is comparatively small; this, how- Miss I. R. CUMMINGS. MRS. V. C. HALEY. MISS R. J, DUNBAR. MISS H. Q. BROWN. 174 THE FREDERICK MISS G. A. NUGENT. ever, will give us courage to feel that by all working together it can be accomplished. We believe that every boy and girl should become a co-operating member in this program and with that in view we earnestly urge every woman's club to mobilize its boys and girls. The public schools are asked to observe the one hundredth anniversary of Douglass's birth, on Friday afternoon, February 9, by a short program, and each child is asked to contribute one penny on that day toward paying for the renovation of the Douglass home. In our northern and eastern cities where our day school pupils are not separated and in our Sunday schools all over this country, we are asking Sabbath school superintendents to hold a short memorial service on Sunday, February 11, and to ask each child to contribute one penny toward the saving of this home. The question, no doubt, will be asked by many, "Is it worth while?" answer strongly, " YES . " For who can measure the far-reaching results of this great work and the inspiration that will be given to the boys and girls of our race? Will it not stir their hearts to greater race pride for them to know that they will have a hand in it and thus directly express their gratitude to the silent memory of the great Douglass? Here is our opportunity. The DOUGLASS HOME amount will differ, but the gift will be the same, for the gift is measured by the love behind it and by that alone. Every man, woman, boy, girl, and each club who takes a share in the redemption of this home enters into a partnership with the trustees in preserving to posterity the home of the greatest man of our race of his time. To arouse our women to greater activity we have decided that we will place upon parchment the name of every individual or club that contributes the sum of twenty-five dollars; and for the club which sends the greatest amount over twenty-five dollars a special tablet will be placed. This is done that our children in the years to come, when paying their visit to this shrine, may read the names of loyal race men and women who have proven false the accusation so long brought against us that we show no grati tude for benefactors if doing so costs dollars and cents. We need $15,000 for the saving and restoration of the home and grounds. Will you take a share in it? I have deemed it advisable to appoint a special treasurer to look after the funds. Send all monies col lected to Mrs. Nettie L. Napier, 120 Fif teenth Avenue North, Nashville, Tenn. Make your contribution on the one hun dredth anniversary of this great man's birth, February 12, 1917. For further in formation address the president of the Na tional Association of Colored Women, Mrs. Mary B. Talbert, 521 Michigan Avenue, Buffalo, N . Y . MRS. I. J. JACKSON. The committees in charge of this movement are as follows: THE CRISIS FREDERICK DOUGLASS COMMITTEE Miss Nannie H. Burroughs, Chairman; Mrs. Nettie L. Napier, 120 Fifteenth Avenue, North, Nashville, Tenn., Treasurer; Rev. Florence Randolph, Jersey City, N. J.; Miss Hallie Q. Brown, Chairman of Executive Board, Wilbeforce, Ohio; Mrs. Maggie L. "Walker, Richmond, Va.; Miss Elizabeth C. Carter, New Bedford, Mass.; Mrs. Victoria Clay-Haley, Secretarv, St. Louis, Mo. GENERAL COMMITTEE Mrs. Booker T. Washington, and Mrs. Robert R. Moton, Tuskegee, Ala.; Mrs. Lucy Thurman, Jackson, Mich.; Mrs. Mary Church Terrell, Mrs. Josephine E. Bruce, Mrs. Rozetta Lawson, Mrs. Kelly Miller, Washington, D. C ; Mrs. Clara B. Hardy, St. Paul, Minn.; Mrs. Grace B. Valentine, Bordentown, N. J.; Mrs. Isabella W. Claphan, Camden, N. J.; Miss Mary E. Jackson, Providence, R. I.; Mrs. Judith Horton, Guthrie, Okla.; Mrs. M. E. Goins, Jefferson City, Mo.; Mrs. S. Joe Brown, Des Moines, Iowa; Mrs. Mary H . Baker, Cheyenne, Wyo.; Mrs. Mary E. Josenburger, Fort Smith, Ark.; Miss Meta Pelham, Detroit, Mich.; Mrs. Waldo Bogle, Portland, Ore.; Mrs. George H . Warner, Los Angeles, Cal.; Mrs. A. H. Wall, Oakland, Cal.; Mrs. F. W. West, Bakersfield, Cal; Mrs. E. J. Freeman, San Diego, Cal; Miss M. R. Lyons and Mrs. Addie W. Hunton, Brooklyn, N . Y.; Mrs. George Contee, Denver, Colo.; Mrs. C. R. McDowell, Hannibal, Mo.; Dr. Mary F. Waring, Chicago, Ill.; Mrs. Emma S. Keeble, Kalispell, Mont.; Mrs. W. T. B. Williams, Hampton, Va.; Mrs. Charlotte Dette, Niagara Falls, N . Y. ; Mrs. Lizzie B. Fouse, Lexington, Ky.; Miss Eartha M. M. White, Jacksonville, Fla.; Mrs. Charles Banks, Mound Bayou, Miss.; Mrs. John Hope, Atlanta, Ga.; Mrs. Charlotte Hawkins-Brown, Sedalia, N. C; Mrs. G. L. Jackson, Nashville, Tenn. THE DOUGLASS HOME AND GROUNDS. ANACOSTIA, D. C. The Looking Glass BLACKS AND WHITES IN THE CONGO MR. GEORGE HARDY, writing in the International Socialist Review, gives us an unattractive picture of the Belgian Congo: One morning, through the misty atmosphere of the tropics, we find ourselves at the mouth of the Congo River. At the port of Banana we pick up the crew of natives who will work the cargo at the ports of Boma and Matadi on the Congo River. But here any liberty-loving person finds that, after all, he has not left behind him the barbarities of capitalism. Four-foot clubs are used to drive the natives who are paid the enormous sum of one Belgian franc (twenty cents) a day, for working from 4 a. m. to 10 o'clock at night, with two or three short periods of rest, when they receive their allowance of rice and salt junk which is so rotten that it would be scorned by a hungry dog. These abuses are perpetrated under the charter of the Compagnie Beige Maritime du Congo, in which King Albert, of Belgium, is said to be interested. At Boma, the capital of Belgian Congo, about forty miles up the river, the work of unloading begins. Officers armed with clubs are stationed at each hatch on board ship and on shore, and they take an occasional whack at the bare backs of the natives to speed up work or punish the black with the smoldering or contemptuous eyes. Night arrives and no sleeping quarters are provided for the native workers, who sleep on hard, dirty decks of the ships, which bring back longings for the cosy grass-woven huts to which they are accustomed, as the rotten fare recalls the fresh fruits and nuts that make up their native fare. The dampness of the tropic nights makes it dangerous for any one to sleep in the open. The air is full of deadly fevers. The heat of the day causes a vapor to arise every night from the snake infested grasses. After a couple of days of savage slavery which is hidden hehind a franc a day wage, the boats leave for Matadi. A few hours' run against the rushing current of the river and we find slavery more glaring and more open, for Matadi is the center of trade, also a railway center, where ivory, palm oil, copra and copal, etc., are brought for shipment to Europe. The white population sleeps from 11 to 3 o'clock, but there is no respite for the natives, who toil until their bodies look as though they had been dipped in oil, so covered are they with sweat. The writer saw an officer go down into the hold of the ship and beat a native without mercy because he did not work fast enough in this heat. Another officer stood on the toes of a native worker who had squatted to rest during the rest period, and beat the bare legs of the native to make him draw his foot from beneath the hobnailed boots of the noble (?) white man. Meanwhile the officer twisted the ear of the black man. It was easy for anybody to recognize the superiority of the Caucasian race over the Ethiopian. The attitude of the natives is one of manufactured smiles and European salutations and barely concealed curses. It is a pleasant little custom of the officers to throw the dregs of their glasses of lime juice into the faces of the Congo boys who serve them. I saw a native injured internally by a sling of sacks weighing nearly a ton. He was allowed to lie dying on the bare deck of a boat. The quartermaster declared he could not endure the groans of the unlucky man and he was removed the next day, a physician expressing surprise that he still lived. Very naturally it occurs to the stranger to inquire why the natives, who possess land and plenty of fruit and nuts for food, submit to such treatment. You wonder why they labor. One of the answers is the system of taxation which the modern capitalist class has seen fit to lay upon them to force them to work. Without this tax of twelve francs a year the natives would be able to live in ease upon their own land, in their own fresh huts, and live upon the plenty provided by a generous Nature. This tax makes the capitalists independent of foreign workers. And yet, strange as it may seem to you, my dear civilized reader, some of these natives hate work so much, or work for the Belgian capitalists so very much, in particular, that they refuse to earn and pay their twelve francs annually to the Belgian government. Such natives are quickly taught the benevolence of that government. They are arrested and placed in gangs with chains around their necks and forced to work for three months for the state. They carry the mail on their heads to the boats; also bear the trunks and luggage of the white parasites to and from the boats and perform municipal labor. You can see them lugging vegetables home for the Europeans, the white person in front and the black offender twelve paces in the rear, and an armed guard trudging behind the loaded slave. TH E DANISH WEST INDIES H E Danish people have voted by 283,000 Tto 157,000 to accept the offer of $25,000,000 by the United States for the Danish West Indies. The Independent tells us: This settles the question since it only remains for Congress to appropriate the 177 178 THE CRISIS money and the islanders to vote for annexation. That they are anxious for it can not be doubted, for they have expressed the desire to come under the American flag,both formally through the local councils and informally in mass meetings. The school children are already singing an annexation song. But it should be remembered that there are powerful interests in the islands which are doing everything in their power to prejudice the people against the United States. The Hamburg-American Line hoped to make St. Thomas a German commercial port. There are many Danish officials and plantation owners and holders of government monopolies who will be disadvantaged. Al l of the islanders are naturally anxious to know what are the intentions of the United States and what will be done to relieve the distress into which they have been plunged by the war. But there is no one to speak for the United States. Only her enemies are heard. Stories of southern lynchings and of northern race prejudice are assiduously circulated. The newspapers publish wild fabrications of "American atrocities" in Santo Domingo. It is asserted that the three Danish islands are to be made a mere appendage of Porto Rico, with which they have nothing in common, not even language. It is feared that they will be put under carpet-bag government and made the victim of a spoils system with "deserving Democrats" as rulers. It is rumored that the free port privileges which they have enjoyed since 1764 are to be taken away. We know how much this misrepresents the intentions of the United States, but how is an ignorant and untraveled Negro to know it? However absurd and malicious the rumor, there is no one on the spot to deny it in the name of the United States. Fifty years ago when the islanders voted on annexation, the American government sent a commission, composed of an admiral and a clergyman, to talk to them, explain to them the policy of the United States, and answer their questions. As a result the people voted by 1044 to 22 in favor of annexation. They doubtless will vote for it now in spite of the agitation against it, but if we want them to come into the Union with enthusiasm and confidence we should do something now to show them that they are welcome and will be well treated. The CRISIS would suggest that the new committee be headed by Senator Vardaman, of Mississippi. The vote for annexation might not be as large as formerly but it would be more intelligent. THE LYNCHING INDUSTRY THE New York Evening Globe says: During the past twelvemonth fifty-four persons were made victims of lynch law Of this number fifty were Negroes, three of them women. In 1915 sixty-seven persons were lynched, of whom thirteen were white men. Of those put to death last year forty-two, or 78 per cent of the total, were charged with offenses other than assault. Georgia again holds the unenviable distinction of recording the greatest number of lynchings within its borders—fourteen, or more than a quarter of the total. The lynching record for 1916 is encouraging in that it is not as black as that of the previous year. But it is a crying disgrace to a country that pretends to such a high civilization as does the United States. Lynching will never be stamped out until those inclined to resort to it are convinced that for their crime they will be punished. No one was punished for the fifty-four victims done to death last year, if memory serves us right. It was the same in 1915. Every lynching is followed by promises to bring the perpetrators to justice, but the promises are never made good. Until such a time comes when our so-called substantial citizens, who now show a readiness to join in mob violence, are made to have a more wholesome respect for the law we must expect these outrages against civilization. The Burlington, Vermont, Free Press lays great stress on the influence of the southern press: A former Turkish ambassador was not wholly without ground for his comparison between the burning of colored men and women at the stake in the South and the Armenian massacres that have so stirred this whole nation as well as the rest of the civilized world. It is not necessary for us to go abroad to find blots upon our modern civilization. The lynching of Negroes and others in different parts of the country is a disgrace to the nation as a whole. Whenever people of the old world raise this question, we must perforce hang our heads in shame. . . . It is the present generation of men and women in the South who are responsible for lynchings. In order to effect a cure of this evil the manhood and the womanhood of the South must be reached. Under these circumstances, it is reassuring to note the efforts of some of the great newspapers of the South like the Atlanta Constitution taking a bold stand against lynch law, even though the party of the second part be a colored person. The press is the only agency of education for the great mass of the people, outside of the fractional part who come under the influence of the pulpit. The newspapers of the South have a tremendous work to do in this direction not only for their own section but also in behalf of the whole nation. There is still much comment on the lynching of Anthony Crawford at Abbeville, S. C. From the Abbeville Press and Banner THE LOOKING GLASS we have the following account of our investigation : Some excitement was caused about town Monday when a number of marked copies of the Independent were received in which was a write-up of the recent lynching in Abbeville. The article was by Roy Nash, who came here from Broadway as a land-buyer just after the occurrence. The article is readable, if not entirely accurate as to facts. As is said in the editorials reproduced from the State in this issue, Mr. Nash makes the mistake of assuming that there are two classes of people in this section. There is only one class, though some are richer than others, some have had more advantages than others, and some look at things from a different angle than do others. The people of this section are all one people. He makes the further mistake in assuming that it is always the poorer classes, as he calls them, that take part in lynchings. Sometimes it is and sometimes it is not. Generally speaking, lynching parties are composed of men from both the rich and the poor. The fatal error into which Mr. Nash falls and the reason his article and others like it written about these occurrences will do no good, is that he undertakes to make the lynching of Crawford wrong, because as he alleges Crawford was a self-respect ing and wealthy Negro, and guilty of no wrong. He thereby raises an issue which should not enter into the discussion of the case. By asserting that Crawford was a hero as he sees him, he allows the other party to justify lynching when he proves that Craw ford was not a hero. As a matter of fact lynching never occurs either against Negroes or whites unless they are guilty of some crime or in serious disorder. And this was true in Crawford's case. He was a vicious Negro. He was a tyrant among his own people and he went out of the way to be offensive to those people who were not so wealthy as he was. Of course, there was prejudice, we will not deny that; but Craw ford had not been lynched before. And he would not have been lynched when he was if he had not been too eager to curse and abuse a white man and "assert his manhood." No man who treats his neighbors right and keeps the peace is ever lynched. But this no more excuses lynching than does the fact that a man lynched was a good citizen make it wrong. * Lynching is wrong because it is contrary to law. When we get away from the individual lynched and get down to the gist of the offense, we will learn that we can neither justify nor condemn lynching on the standing of the particular victim. And we will make progress when we get away from the by-paths and get in the middle of the road. We must consider the broken law and not the individual involved in an alleged crime, or we had as well quit. The Charleston News and Courier speaks of the surprise caused by the arrest of nine men charged with the lynching of Anthony Crawford: The question of the guilt or innocence of the men who are now under charges at Abbeville is not, of course, a subject which can properly be discussed while these charges are pending; but the vigorous promptness with which this case has been handled by the governor, the solicitor and other officers of the law cannot fail to have a salutary effect. The main thing needed to put a stop to lynching is for everybody to know that whenever there is one, effort is going to be made to bring those responsible for it to justice. The News, Greenville, S. C , complacently tells us: The probability is that no one will ever be convicted of that lynching. But the governor is discharging his duty; the solicitor is discharging his; the county officials are discharging theirs in making an effort to find out the men who killed the Negro. The law will have been absolved from the charge of apathy when the court machinery is set to work in an effort to convict those who took the law into their own hands. A word to New Yorkers from the Holyoke, Mass., Telegram: A crazed man ran amuck in the streets of New York and before a mob got hold of him he had seriously wounded a pedestrian. When the mob got through with him the man was a fit subject for the dangerous ward of a nearby hospital with a broken skull and a body actually covered with bloody bruises. He died in a little while. It is not long ago we were denouncing Georgia, and have been denouncing other communities because of the conduct of mobs. New York is not in the South nor West. How about the lynchers of this week? THE HEGIRA THE southern papers are still full of A comment regarding the exodus of Negroes from the South. The following reason is given by the Montgomery, Ala., Advertiser: The Negro from middle Alabama is going North because of economic conditions which he cannot help and which he cannot overcome. He is not being forced out by pressure from the white race. The relations between the two races in this section were never better; the Negro here is not subjected to oppression or to any outbreaks of violence which have induced the Negro to leave certain other sections of the South. The Negro is going because he is the most unfortunate of the victims of the combined disaster this year, of the flood and the boll weevil. There has been actual want and 180 THE hunger among some of the Negroes on the plantations. The heads of Negro families have been without present resources and without future prospects. The wise planter and farmer has said to his Negro employees and tenants: "You never made anything this year. _ I never made anything this year. But we will do our best and I will see what resources I can get together to keep you until next year, when we can all make a fresh start." Another class of farmers, and we suspect that their number is too large, has said: "You never made anything this year. I never made anything this year. I cannot afford to feed you and your family until the beginning of the next crop year. You must go out and shift for yourselves." This cold-blooded business view of the situation, we suspect, has been the best assistance that the labor agent has received. It is not difficult to know what a Negro farm hand will do when he and his family are facing hunger, when a labor agent offers him a railroad ticket and a promise of two dollars and a half a day in the industrial works of the North and East. That many of these Negro emigrants, from one section to the other, are destined to suffer, and to regret their leaving the South is certain: it is equally certain that a few of the more progressive and determined will do well financially as compared with their previous experience. The exodus, considered from the standpoint of the white man, will for the time being depress land values, generally speaking. Land will be in less demand than it has been since the war. There simply will not be enough labor to work the land heretofore devoted to farming purposes. Of course, there is to be no revolution of farming conditions; affairs will go on much the same. But land will be worth less and labor will be worth more in the future. In Georgia they do not feel so sure that nature alone is at fault. The Atlanta Independent says: Like in the life of the individual, there comes a time in the life of a nation, a people or a section when it must face the truth, and the time is fast approaching when the South must arrive at the truth and confess it with reference to the black folk who are a part of the life, character and thought of our own section. It is as our white neighbor says, a shame that the South has not been awakened by moral suasion for the sake of right and is now being aroused only because it realizes that it is about to lose a dollar. The Constitution remarks that it is unfortunate for the people of Georgia that an appeal to the pocketbook should be necessary to bring back the enthronement of the law; and the Independentadds that while we regret that conscience and the love of humanity could not bring the South to its senses, we are proud to observe CRISIS the trend of public opinion, even if it is obtained by an appeal to the pocketbook. The South, in common with our own beloved state, finds itself up against this proposition—that it is about to swap the much-talked-of race problem for a labor problem, and it realizes that while the race problem might have pinched many of their consciences, the labor problem will affect all of their pocketbooks. And the hopeful sign about it is that leading journals like the Atlanta Constitution, the Savannah Morning News, and thousands of weeklies, like the Ocilla Star and Tifton Gazette, are admitting the facts and confessing to the plain truth. Our esteemed contemporary, the Constitution, admits that mob law is largely responsible for the unrest among the Negroes; that inadequate school facilities and a lack of justice to the Negro in the administration of the law is largely responsible for the unrest and the movement North and East; that it is in the hands of the white man to stop the exodus and the remedy lies in ample protection of life, ample school facilities, proper encouragement and protection of life and liberty to the black folk in common with the white folk. There should be no question why the Negro would leave Georgia or other southern states to hunt for a place where he can educate his children; where he can worship God without having his temple burned down; where he can assemble in his lodge room without being accused of plotting against his neighbors and having the torch stuck to his lodge room; where his women will be safe from the noose of the mob and where he can expect justice when tried in the courts. Lack of colored public schools is dwelt upon by the Atlanta Constitution: Georgia, as well as other southern states, is undoubtedly behind in the matter of Negro education; unfair in the matter of facilities, in the quality of teachers and instructors, and in the pay of those expected to impart proper instruction to Negro children. We have proceeded upon the theory that education would, in his own mind at least, carry the Negro beyond his sphere; that it would give him higher ideas of himself and make of him a poorer and less satisfactory workman. That is nonsense. If we look over the list of the most outrageous crimes committed by Negroes, we find that they are generally the work of il literate Negro brutes. Crimes of educated Negroes are fewer and of a minor nature compared to those committed by Negroes in whom the brutal instinct predominates. Education minimizes or removes that instinct, and, morally, the properly educated Negro is the better citizen, just as is the educated white. The right sort of education makes a better workman, no matter what his sphere. A trained horse, a trained dog, make better THE LOOKING GLASS animals. A ditch digger who can read and write makes a better ditch digger. An illiterate cook or washerwoman must fall short in service of one who possesses the fundamentals of an education. There are two very good reasons why it is not only due the Negroes, but it is an important safeguard to the whites themselves, to provide a thorough and efficient educational system for the Negroes. In the quotation published today from the Fort Valley Uplift, it is declared an acknowledged fact that schools for Negroes, "especially in the country districts where the great masses of the Negroes live, with very rare exception, amount to practically nothing." This should not be. Education will make a better cotton picker and a more efficient plowman. It would mean both a better type of citizen and a better farm laborer. It is not only a question of duty to the Negro race, but of duty to the whites, to ourselves, that there should be improvement of a material sort in the system of education provided for them. Georgia will do herself an important and a lasting service when she supplies it. From the Newark, N . J., News come the following stirring words: How futile is force in human relations is being shown anew by the efforts of the South to keep the Negroes from emigrating North. By force the colored people were brought here, and Civil War, which ravaged the South even as Belgium has not been ravaged, was the penalty. By force the South would keep them and the immigration movement continues, causing the Southerners to fear a serious shortage of labor in their cotton fields. Possessed of the most abundant supply of labor in the country, their methods of holding and profiting by it are likely to defeat themselves. A dispatch from Atlanta tells of the cooperation of Negro leaders and white economists to check the emigration. Persuasion is used in part; the Negro is told that no permanent gain awaits him in the North where he will find the colder climate a hardship. But, this failing, resort is made to force. Municipalities have passed ordinances to hamper northern recruiting agents. Prohibitive license fees have been imposed upon them. Old laws are scanned in the effort to keep the Negro for the services of the South. So far only trivial and local success has resulted. Cannot the South see that there are more than material rewards that draw the colored people North? Is it blind to the effect of its own treatment of the Negro? Does it not understand the desire of enfranchised men for the right to be free men with a voice in the conduct of their own affairs? Can it not appreciate the feeling aroused by the unjustifiable lynchings and other discriminations against the colored people? That the South has a problem to solve nobody can deny, but force has never yet helped in its solution and there is no chance that it ever will. What does it offer the Negro except a warm climate, a familiar habitat and an indolent life? Has it given him a chance to get ahead? If he gets ahead by his own efforts, does it offer him a man's place in his town or state? Or does it discourage him by holding constantly before his eyes an assertion of his hopeless inferiority? It is not to be denied that there are scattered manifestations of the spirit of helpfulness that display real progress. The feeling in the South against effective enfranchisement of the Negro race comes back, of course, to the preponderance of colored blood that would control the government. On the other hand, a race is only a menace in so far as it is compelled to act and think like a race and as a unit rather than as independent individuals. With all that has gone before, the possibility for the South of the Negro getting into such a position, or being permitted to get into it, is hopeful only through a slow evolution in which prejudices may die down. That is, if the Negro is to stay there in bulk. But if he is to emigrate and spread himself over the country he may disappear as a race problem. As a minority in different places neither race solidarity nor race prejudice might be a factor in preventing either enfranchisement or development. Of course, if this happened the South might have to look for white emigrants to make up the resulting deficiency in labor supply, but it is at least arguable that by its present attitude the South is both creating a race problem which it dreads, and trying to hold on to it. To hold the Negro the South must offer as much to his manhood as the North. Added restrictions upon his freedom will not do it. Financial America believes: Whether Negroes will be more likely to remain in the South if better educational facilities are provided them is a question apart from the undoubted wisdom of providing these facilities. President Edward T. Ware, of Atlanta University, who is seeking to raise an endowment fund of five hundred thousand dollars for this institution, is reported as saying that if the Negroes are to remain in the South they must be educated. It is certain that as the idea of the advantages of education grows among the Negroes the tendency will be to leave the South if educational facilities are more nearly adequate and more readily available elsewhere. But it is also to be remembered that as the education of the blacks progresses there will also be an increasing inclination to gain larger advantages of occupation. The South is developing rapidly in the magnitude and range of its industries THE CRISIS and there will be great need of labor—a need as acute, if not more so, than now, when the Negro exodus is proving economically serious. But it is not clear whether a higher degree of education among the Negroes will find the latter willing to accept a continuance of the present sharp line drawn in the South between the races in all activities of life. Increase a man's education and, no matter what his color, he will be less content to be held down to a low social and business status and to a sharp definition of relationship with others of the human race. This is, of course, not an argument against the education of the Negro; it is simply calling attention to a situation which may possibly arise. It is our belief that in education lies the solution of the Negro problem, but the solution of the problem for the South will not likely come through increased contentment to the Negro because of better local educational advantages. It will come for the South rather through an infiltration of foreign labor into that region which will have the effect of making the South more independent of Negro labor and tend, together with the spirit of ambition promoted by education, to distribute the Negro population throughout the country. We end the story of the Negroes Hegira with a pleasant, if patronizing, picture from the Atlanta Constitution of a good Negro community in the South: "The Early County fair has accomplished big things for the entire section of the state, but perhaps the very biggest thing it has done was to show the Negroes what great opportunities are theirs right here at their very doors." This from a news article appearing elsewhere in the Constitution. It is a story of progress as shown in the industrial prosperity of the worthy, law-abiding Negroes of that section; it is a story of self-help and the co-operation of the white citizens of that county in the movement for the uplift of the Negro population. The county fair is thrown open to them; what they have done and are doing, educationally and industrially, is given hearty home recognition and more than state-wide advertisement; this, as their due, and for their encouragement in every effort to attain a higher plane of citizenship. There is where their white friends stand by them and lend the helping hand. These Negroes, with their own schools, on the most practical lines; with their local farmers' conferences; their women's organization to study cooking and canning problems, realize that they must live out their lives in that section; that their homes and best interests are there, and that their prosperity goes hand in hand with good citizenship. They know that these are inseparable. So they work for the uplift of the com munity and in that work they are receiving the cordial co-operation of their white neigh bors. This is not only highly creditable to all concerned within the borders of a county, but it is a far-reaching lesson—a text which preaches its own sermon as to the settle ment of the "Negro problem" in the South. In short, it does away with problems; for there can be none where such a mu tually helpful state of affairs exists. "The white people of the county are almost as proud of the Negroes' exhibit as are the Negroes themselves." The sentiment of these Early County Negroes is: "We do not have to go away from home and ask for entrance at alien industrial gates: The land of Promise and of Plenty is here 'at home' among the people who know and understand us best, and here we are content to toil, doing what we can for our own advancement and that of the community whose industrial interests are identical with ours. We do not need to go away from home!" They try to help themselves and their hands are upheld; their interests protected; they read aright the signs on the road to better citizenship; the fact that they respect themselves commands respect. They are prosperous and happy! POLITICS SENATOR PENROSE'S bill to enforce ^ the Fourteenth Amendment, the Pittsburgh Courier, a northern colored paper, fears is a hoax: United States Senator Boies Penrose introduced in the Senate the other day a bill which, according to his statements, is intended to put into force the Fourteenth Amendment to the Federal Constitution and to secure to the Negro his full political rights in. the southern states. The bill, if enacted into law, is a good thing. Bat coming as it does at this time when the Republican party is practically "down and out" sounds like a hoax. We have been without our rights in the South for many years, and we have been urging some relief for as many years, but no Penrose has come to the rescue. We are slow now to believe that the senior senator from Pennsylvania has us so much at heart as he has the rejuvination of the Republican party. We hope he is actuated by motives which have no color of suspicion, but our past experiences with the South and the United States Senate make us hesitate to believe that Mr. Penrose is championing our cause with any degree of sincerity. If the senator is teasing his black constituents in Pennsylvania, he need not go to such extremes. He knows that he owes his political beginning to the black voters of Philadelphia. Has he waited all these IHT LOOKING GLASS years to offer them reward? Or can he imagine that by his belated bill he may yet hold them in line to accomplish his designs on future control of Pennsylvania? In either case, he must know he is mistaken. We know as well as does the senator that he may introduce any bill he pleases, but unless he can summons a majority in the Congress, his efforts are futile. Finally, if the Republican party has at last seen the necessity of giving back to the Negro his political rights, so long withheld, and thinks that this is the session most suited to the accomplishment of such a task, we hope the party all the success in the world. God knows we have been sufficiently loyal to warrant anything the party can do in the way of making the Federal amendments effective. Our fear is that the whole thing is a hoax. The Newark, N . J., Evening Star says: With the submission to Congress of the bill to insure legal voting in the South, President Wilson and his newspaper supporters are to be given a notable opportunity for striking proof of the sincerity of their vociferous declarations for the "new freedom" and "equal rights and equal justice for all men." There will, perhaps, be vigorous partisan effort to evade the issue, but it has been raised and it must be faced. No man in all the nation can shut his eyes to the rank injustice that has been the share of the colored voters of the South since the days of the reconstruction. Every one knows that the southern states have made Negro suffrage a mockery and an empty phrase. And every one must know, before the present "force" bill is disposed of, whether the President's "new freedom" is to apply only where his party may secure votes and whether the "equal justice" for which his newspaper partisans have screamed is to be dealt out only to those who can spend pennies for daily editions. . . . It is high time that the administration redeem its pledges of sainted devotion to the cause of equal rights and equal opportunity for all men. And if it is to refuse so to redeem them, it is indeed high time that the mask of pretense be stripped from the President and the press which vouches for him. There isn't any color line in the Constitution of the United States. There was none in the gentle philosophy of Abraham Lincoln. And there can be none in the doctrine of the "new freedom" and equal rights for every man if that doctrine is anything but partisan buncombe and yellow journalistic chatter. The Times, Glens Falls, New York, tells us: You can make a campaign in Dakota or Nebraska or in Montana or Kansas, but you cannot make a campaign in the old South, in the Confederate states as they were. One of two things ought to be done. These southern states ought to be deprived of a large number of electoral votes. They have disfranchised the Negro by one process or another; yet the Negro is counted as a voter and a man in the distribution of members of congress and members of the electoral college. The South ought not to have the benefit of the Negro in making up their representation in congress, or else they ought not have power to disfranchise him. The entire civilized world knows of these conditions and knows that the American people have not had the courage to straighten the matter out by doing justice. If the South disfranchises the Negro, the South ought to bear the consequence of his loss in representation. Every injustice which is tolerated and not settled as soon as it is discovered becomes a danger to the republic. The South, however, is not disturbed and gives us the following account of how easy it would be for the Negro to enter southern politics. The Macon, Ga., Telegraph says: Every year for election of President the ultra Republican papers get insane over the electoral vote of the South, which goes into the electoral college with 132 votes. . . . Any Negro who can read the Constitution —not construe—but just read it, can vote. Any one owning forty acres of land whether, he can read or not, can vote; any one owning $500 worth of real estate can vote, whether he can read or not, and there is that omnibus clause—any one of good character can vote whether he can read or not. The trouble in the way is this: the Republican party dropped the Negro, and the Negro lacked leadership and organization. Negroes can have a primary of their own, but they have not organized. The white voters organized under a white primary and this eliminated the Negro. And that same white primary is now our only protection. So, since the decision of the United States Supreme Court, and the State laws, even constitutional, are so loose and so liberal that almost any Negro can vote, the threat to cut down southern representation on account of the Negro's indifference to politics, is entirely out of order. NEGRO ACHIEVEMENT THE December Modern Review, printed at Calcutta, India, has an article on "Fifty Years of Negro-American Achievement." The writer, St. Nihal Singh, compares the progress of the Negro with the progress of the Hindoo, to the advantage of the former: The rise in the percentage of literacy among the Negro-Americans during the last 184 THE half century is phenomenal. Before the Civil War most of them were illiterate: perhaps not more than 5 out of 100 could read and write. Now fully 70 per cent, of them are literate. I wish that Indian illiteracy had been reduced to 30 per cent, during the last 50 years. A student of comparative progress searches the annals of the world in vain for a parallel to this remarkable rise in the literacy of Negro-Americans. Japan may, at first thought, be considered to provide one. It is true that in the middle of the sixties of the last century the number of Japanese who were literate was small, and that to-day they are nearly all literate. The Nipponese, however, were not, less than 60 years ago, a race of slaves, as the Negro-Americans were. Moreover, the Government of Japan took vigorous measures and provided liberal appropriations to wipe out illiteracy, while scanty and poor provision has been made for the education of the Negro-American. Be it remembered, that the Negro-Americans have been shut out of a large number of schools and colleges, and could, as a rule, obtain instruction only in institutions conducted especially for them. These schools have been far below the required number. Most of them have been inefficiently staffed, white persons, in many cases, not being allowed to teach in them. The majority of them have been kept closed during a large part of the year. Some of them have been situated in unhealthy localities. In these circumstances, the fall in Negro illiteracy is almost a miracle. CRISIS SHERIFF ELEY HERIFF ELEY of Lima, Ohio, last Au Sgust, at the risk of his life prevented the lynching of a Negro prisoner in his custody. Although a rope was placed around his neck and he was kicked and beaten into un consciousness by an infuriated mob of his fellow citizens, he refused to the last to turn over his charge to the blood-hungry men. Night before last Governor Frank B. Willis presented to Sheriff Eley, on behalf of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, a silver loving cup inscribed "for devotion to duty in defending a colored prisoner from lynching, enduring torture and insult that the majesty of the law might be upheld at Lima, August 30, 1916." The world loves and appreciates a man, as Governor Willis said, who stands squarely with a heart unafraid and his face to the front at times of stress. Sheriff Eley didn't think what he had done called for any such action. He had done nothing more than his duty. Quite true, but how many men would have done it under similar circumstances? There may be many Eleys wearing sheriff's badges, but this country's black record of lynching has disclosed but few of them. We can, therefore, well afford signally to honor any official who shows himself willing to make any sacrifice rather than be false to his oath of office. —Evening Globe, New York. The Springfield Republican adds: It is pleasant to note that Sheriff Eley was retained by a big majority at the recent election. WHY? By G. DOUGLAS JOHNSON H E verdure sleeps in winter, Awakes with April rain;The sun swings low—'tis night,—ascendsAnd it is morn again. The world spins on triumphant Throughout a trackless sky, And mortal man seeks all in vain The primal reason—why? O, whither are we rushing? And wherefrom were we torn?  We breathe from out the silences—  And breathless—back are borne! Man through all ages past and now, Bows to the lone heart-cry,— It took a God to make us, And a God to answer, why! Shadows of Light 1.	 NEGBO SENEGALESE, OF THE FRENCH COLONIAL TROOPS, DELIVERING A HARANGUE TO A GROUP OF GERMAN PRISONEBS. 2.	 U. S. LEGIONAIRES IN THE FRENCH TEENCHE8 AROUND AEGONNE. AT THE EXTREME EIGHT IS BOB SCANLON, THE NEGRO BOXER. 3 AMERICAN NURSES ATTENDING WOUNDED FEENCH COLORED SOLDIERS AT THE AMERICAN	 HOSPITAL IN FRANCE 185 Men of the Month A N EDITOR. R. W. E. KING, founder and editor of the Dallas, Texas, Express, was born in Macon, Noxubee County, Miss., June 7, 1866. He was educated at Macon Academy and taught school at various places in Mississippi from 1882 to 1888. In 1888 Mr. King began his career as a journalist at Helena, Ark., working for the Peoples' Friend. He established Fair Play at Meridian, Miss., in February, 1889, and in 1892 he moved to Texas and established the Dallas Express one year later. In race matters Mr. King stands for all of the manhood rights of the Negro as guaranteed by the Federal Constitution and he has fearlessly championed this belief in the columns of his paper since its establishment. Mr. King has been a delegate to every Republican State Convention in Texas since 1892. He is a lodge man, being a Mason, Odd Fellow, Knight of Pythias, Knight of Tabor, and United Brother of Friendship. He stands high in the councils of each of these fraternal orders and has assisted in shaping their policies for the good of the race. He is at present State Organizer of the Texas Negro Business League. Two years ago Mr. King called to his assistance a few of the Negro business and professional men of Dallas, Texas, and organized the Dallas Express Publishing Company, chartering the organization with a paid up capital of $5,000. This company has installed new and modern type-setting machines and presses and has contracted for further equipment. The company is planning to have the best equipped publishing plant owned by Negroes south of Nashville, Tenn. "Then," says Mr. King, "will be realized my dream of many years." A CATERER. R. ELLSWORTH W. PRYOR was born in Washington, D. C, April 3, 1862, the son of Charles and Angeline Pryor. He was educated in the public schools of Washington, D. C , at Howard University and at Oberlin College. After leaving Oberlin he taught for a few years in the public schools of Alexandria, Va. In 1884 he was married to Miss Louise M . Braxton, of Washington, and shortly thereafter with his bride he went to Omaha, Nebraska, where he obtained employment as assistant steward at the Omaha Club. His ability was soon recognized and he was given the stewardship of this club. He held this position for nineteen years. In 1905 he went to the Commercial Club, where he has established an enviable reputation. Mr. Pryor has had the honor of serving banquets for six Presidents of the United States: Harrison, Cleveland, McKinley, Roosevelt, Taft and Wilson, three of whom have personally complimented him for his skill as a caterer. AN INVENTOR R. H. C. WEBB is the inventor of the Webb Palmetto Grubbing Machine. He has a thirty-horsepower engine to pull the machine and plow. It grubs between five and ten acres a day and in the worst of palmettos it does in one day the work that it would take ten men to do in ten days. Mr. Webb has also invented a barrel stave machine and a self-force drill press, but he lost these inventions because he did not have the means to secure patents. They are, however, on the market, patented. Mr. Webb was born in Columbus County, North Carolina, March 25, 1864. He spent the first sixteen years of his life on a farm. Later he engaged in a blacksmith, sawmill and rice cleaning business for himself at Parish, Fla., and is now located in Bradentown, Fla. A MINISTER THE REVEREND JAMES LUTHER PIN N was recently installed minister of the First Baptist Church, West Washington, D. C. Mr. Pinn was born in Washington, D. C, May 12, 1877. He is a graduate of the Washington High School, the Washington Normal School and Howard University. He was ordained to the ministry in Washington, D. C , February 4, 1901. 186 MEN OF THE MONTH W. E. KING. MES. E. N. DETT. J. L. PINN. MR WEBB'S GRUBBING MACHINE H. C. WEBB W. J. ANDREWS. E . W. PRYOR TH E CRISIS AN EXAMPLE OF HIGH CITIZENSHIP ILLIAM JOSHUA ANDREWS was Wborn a slave in Williamsburg County, South Carolina, October 15, 1841. He early moved to Sumter, S. C , where he still resides. During the Reconstruction Mr. Andrews was a deputy sheriff, a county commissioner, and a member of the State Legislature, sitting as a member of the famous Mackaye House in 1878. As such, he supported legislative measures in the interest of public education and of retrenchment in government. He has been a forceful influence in the church life of his community, organizing a' Sunday school in 1867, and serving until now as its superintendent. He has been active, also, in fraternal organizations among his fellows. Embarking in business in 1868, Mr. Andrews has been able, by careful investments and constant attention to details, to acquire valuable property in and about Sumter. A MUSICIAN THE marriage of Miss Helen Elise Smith to Mr. R. Nathaniel Dett, the director of Music at Hampton Institute, was solemnized at St. Philip's Church in New York City, December 27, 1916. Miss Smith was the first Negro to be graduated from the pianoforte department of the Damrosch Institute of Musical Art in New York City. She also did graduate work in the artist's course of the Institute and has demonstrated her ability as a concert performer on numerous occasions. Since her graduation she has rendered efficient and effective service as joint director of the Martin-Smith Music School of New York City. THE SUBJECT OF OUR COVER ROFESSOR RICHARD THEODORE GREENE R was born in Philadelphia, Pa., in 1844. He was graduated from Harvard University with the degree of Bachelor of Arts in 1870. In 1875 he was chosen a member of the General Assembly of South Carolina, whose duty was to revise the school system of the state. He was given the degree of LL.B . by the University of South Carolina in 1876. Mr. Greener was Dean of the Law Department of Howard University from 1880-1882; Civil Service examiner, New York City, 1885-1890; Secretary of the Grant Memorial Association, 1885-1892; Consul to Bombay and Vladivostok, 1898-1906. Mr. Greener has also attained prominence both as a writer and as a speaker. RHAPSODY By EDWIN J. MORGAN I A M Black. Poushkin or Dumas or Toussaint L'Ouverture. I am Black. I have been the path of the Centuries And Pharoes and Napoleons have Trod me up to glory. I am Black. Ham or Othello or Crispus Attucks— I have been fuel for the Flame of Progress. I have reared the everlasting Pyramids And have flung Nineveh and Babylon Up to God. I am Black. I have dredged the Nile That Civilization might bring Darkness unto me. I have cut marble and granite For Rome and Carthage. I have lifted the rocks from Culebra and Pedro Miguel And have watched the Seas meet. I am Black. I have been the great Burden-bearer, The rungs in the ladder of mine Enemy. Mine Enemy has bound mine eyes. I have borne him to the mountain-top And he has gloried in the Sunlight That I could not see. But now I shall cast -off the bandage From mine eyes And I will see the glory That I have made. I am Black The Horizon The Horizon MUSIC AND ART OLERIDGE-TAYLOR'S "Tell, 0 Tell Me" is noted among the choral numbers conducted by John Hyatt Brewer at the first concert of the season by the Brooklyn Apollo Club, Brooklyn, N. Y. C The first performance in New York of Harry T. Burleigh's Negro spirituals "So Sad," "Father Abraham," and "Didn't My Lord Deliver Daniel?" set for mixed voices, aroused much enthusiasm when sung by the Choral Art Club of Brooklyn, N. Y., at the first concert of the season, December 20, at the Academy of Music in that city. At the close of the group of folk-songs, Conductor Cornell signalled Mr. Burleigh to rise and share the applause. Musical America says: "Mr. Burleigh has realized every possibility in his arrangements and contributed an important item to the literature." C The Nalle Jubilee Singers presented a program of old plantation melodies at Lincoln Congregational Temple during December and also before a large audience at the Quaker Meeting House in Washington, D. C. (I At a Christmas Musicale, the choir of Bethesda Baptist Church, Chicago, ILL., gave an extended program of excerpts from "The Messiah," under the direction of Mrs. Martha B. Anderson. C Mr. Clarence Cameron White, violin virtuoso, of Boston, Mass., has completed a successful concert tour of twenty-two engagements. Of his recital at Quincy, ILL., the Quincy Daily Journal says: "Mr. White's positive and strong attack, and his smooth, caressing bowing in passages where that was essential, were the features of his performance. In tone quality he excels many players of more extended reputation." (I Miss Lucine Finch recently gave a recital of "Her Mammy's Stories" at Center Church House in Hartford, Conn. At Steinert Hall in Boston, Mass., Mrs. Nelda Hewitt Hall presented songs of the old southern plantations. C Prominent white singers are giving important place on their programs to the works of Dekoven Thompson, a Negro song writer of New York City. Mme. Schumann-Heink will feature "A Heart Disclosed," and Mme. Belle Story, the sensation of the Hippodrome last season, "Love Comes but Once," and "Mandy, When You Comin' Back?" d Miss Laura Wheeler, a colored woman, is one of twelve prize winners for her painting, "Heirlooms," exhibited at the New York Water Color Club and selected out of five hundred exhibits. It will be made a permanent illustration for the Water Color Club catalog. Miss Wheeler is teaching art in the Cheyney Training School for Teachers. C The Choral Club of Paul Quinn College, which has had the distinction of singing before Baylor University, Waco, Texas, and other similar distinctions, held a Negro folk-lore festival in Waco, December 14, at St. Paul's A. M. E. Church. (I The following letter has come to Mr. William Stanley Braithwaite from Copenhagen: "My dear Congenial! Soldier since twenty months, guarding the Danish shore, your poems were often a great consolation for me in the monotony of the military life. I beg you to forgive me my audacity, but I should be very glad, if you would send me your 'Lyrics of life and love,'' or any other of your collections of poems, with a dedication. Perhaps I then must send you my own poems (Digle, 1907-1914) as a little promise of my reconnaissance and my admiration. With all the best salutations, Yours truly, Carl Kjersmeier." d A novelty on the program of Olga Samaroff, with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, was Thorwald Otterstrom's "American Negro Suite," based on Negro religious melodies. (L At Copley Plaza Hotel, Boston, Mass., three Negro musicians, Messrs. Roland Hayes, tenor; William H. Richardson, baritone; William S. Lawrence, accompanist, were among the participants in the musicale for the benefit of the Animal Rescue League. (I The silver anniversary of the Amphion Glee Club, in Washington, D. C , was celebrated December 21 with a musical and literary program, reception and cotillion. Mr. J. Henry Lewis has been manager and director of the organization since its beginning. C The Howard High School, Wilmington, Del., presented as a Christmas entertain 189 190 TH E CRISIS ment, "An Hawaiian Idyll," an operetta in three acts. Mrs. Alice Dunbar-Nelson wrote the words, the arrangement of the musical numbers was made by Miss Etta A. Roache, and the costumes were designed under the direction of Miss Agatha F. Jones, all teachers in the school. An Hawaiian orchestra of native instruments was directed by Dr. Conwell Banton. G Eric D. Brown, a Negro lad, thirteen years old, is a member of The High School Orchestra at Steubenville, Ohio, among twenty-five white members. He is an excellent saxaphone player. G Two Negro youths are members of The High School Orchestra of Washington, Pennsylvania; Miss Monzella Walters, fifteen years, who plays the violin and is an accomplished pianist, and Fremont Brandy, sixteen years old, who plays the cornet. G Mr. Nobel M . Johnson, a colored man, is appearing in various moving picture films, including Griffith's "Intolerance." G The Quality Amusement Company, a white organization with stock companies of colored players, has been operating in New York, Washington, and Baltimore. It proposes to add to this circuit a $100,000 theatre in Philadelphia, and houses in Boston, Pittsburgh, Providence, and Norfolk. INDUSTRY O BECAUSE of the great migration of southern Negroes to northern labor centers, the Federation of Labor has resolved to admit Negroes as members. G Over 300 Negroes leaving the South have come to Peoria, ILL. One hundred and fifty of them have secured employment at the Keystone Structural Iron Works near South Bartonville. C A. Krolik and Company, wholesale dry goods dealers in Detroit, Mich., have opened a factory with all Negro employees. A rest room, club rooms, and welfare departments have been provided for them, says Mr. Israel Cohen, factory superintendent. G Negro workers of the Canal and Panama Railroad have taken steps toward the forming of a permanent organization of workingmen to be affiliated with a similar organization in Colon. C Thirty-five colored men are employed as conductors and motormen on street cars in Toronto, Canada. C The Central Michigan Coal Company, Detroit, has purchased a $500,000 factory in Marlborough for the manufacture of fertilizers, peat and other alkali products and plans to employ all Negro labor. EDUCATION A STUD Y of Negro problems has been added to the course in sociology at Howard University. Prof. Kelly Miller is to teach the first semester and Dr. R. E. Parks, of Chicago University, the second. C A n association of teachers in colored schools in Pennsylvania and Delaware was formed recently at the Cheyney Training School for Teachers. This association aims to study and take action upon peculiar educational and social problems confronting the Negroes in these two states. Principal Leslie Pinckney Hill, of the Cheyney School, was elected president. C Mr. George R. Dorsey is the first Negro in six years to be a member of the debating team of Ohio State University. C Mr. Emmett J. Scott, Jr., ranked second in the senior class of Phillips Exeter Academy, in New Hampshire, and was awarded the Brancroft scholarship of $140, and a Phillips scholarship of $150. He is one of nine first honor men and one of the first ten men to be chosen for the Beta chapter of Cum Laude Society. His work in French and advanced German received honorable mention. Mr. Scott has been awarded $760 in scholarships during his three years at this institution. G The $20,000 building erected for Morris College, in Sumter, S. C , has been named in honor of Mr. Henry McGowan, a colored farmer who donated $500 toward the fund. G In Baltimore, Md., the ordinance of the Board of Estimate for 1917 provides increases in salaries amounting to $6,650 to instructors in four white high schools and those in the white Teachers' Training School; but no salary increase has been provided for teachers in the colored high school and the colored Teachers' Training School. This discrimination, however, has not been shown in the elementary school system. C The Slater Public School, Birmingham, Ala., has an enrollment of 1435 pupils, an increase of 102 over last year's enrollment. Mr. P. M. Davis is the principal and the school employs twenty-three teachers. G The State Agricultural and Mechanical College for Negroes at Orangeburg. South THE HORIZON Carolina, will erect during February, March, and April, three buildings costing $150,000. (I Wilberforce University is planning to erect a science building as a memorial in honor of the late William Hayes Ward, editor of the Independent and a friend to Negroes. The proposed building is to cost $40,000 and contributions are asked for. C. Simon Guggenheim and his brother have contributed $10,000 as a Christmas gift toward the construction of an auditorium at Hampton Instiute. C Mr. Charles Burroughs is one of the lecturers in a series of public lectures arranged by the Department of Education of the City of New York. At the 135th Street Branch of the New York Public Library on January 11, Mr. Burroughs gave an explanatory narrative of Shakespeare's "Macbeth," illustrating its various characters by dramatic impersonations. CDr. E. P. Roberts, a prominent Negro physician, has been appointed by Mayor Mitchell as a member of the Board of Education of New York City. ATHLETICS MR. FRED POLLARD, the sensational football player of Brown University, has been chosen a member of Collier's Ail American eleven by Walter Camp. C Mr. Howard P. Drew, the colored sprinter, at present studying law at Drake University, Des Moines, Iowa, is again in training. Some time ago he suffered a breakdown but is again able to enter athletics. C The Edward Waters College has won the championship in football for the district comprising the state of Florida and southern Georgia by defeating Florida Baptist Academy in a 12-6 score. C The Des Moines College football squad has elected Richmond, their star Negro fullback, to the captaincy for 1917. C Hampton Institute basketball team was victorious over the basketball team of the Armstrong Manual Training School, Washington, D. C , 29-19. C The Alpha basketball team of New York has defeated Lincoln by a 38-20 score. C Thanksgiving Day closed the football season for Atlanta University with a victory. The record was the best an Atlanta team has made in ten years. Atlanta University, 41; Clark, U. Atlanta University, 6; Tuskegee, 0. Atlanta University, 7; Talladega, 0. Atlanta University, 10; Morehouse, 17. Atlanta University, 15; Morris Brown, 0. ECONOMICS NEGRO banks increased their Christmas savings accounts during the past year as follows: In Savannah, Ga.: The Wage Earners Savings Bank, 1330 accounts, $14,000 paid out; the Savannah Savings and Real Estate Corporation, 900 accounts, $5,017 paid out; The Mechanics Savings Bank, 133 accounts, $1,000 paid out. Richmond, Va.: The Mechanics Savings Bank, 7200 accounts, $60,000 paid out (as compared with $23,000 the previous year) ; The St. Luke's Penny Savings Bank, 750 accounts, $9,000 paid out. The Mutual Savings Bank in Portsmouth, Va., paid out $11,000. It has installed a savings system in the schools to encourage thrift among young people. SOCIAL PROGRESS THE Senate has rejected Senator Reed's amendment to the immigration bill excluding all natives of Africa, by a vote of 37-32. The West Indies exclusion amendment was lost, 36-28. C Mr. Charles Sullivan Carr has been made storekeeper and manager of the Erie Railroad's camps at Cleveland, Ohio. This position has heretofore been held by white men. C Mr. Matthew Harris, a Negro in Memphis, Tenn., whose home was dynamited by a posse because he defended a relative in it, has been awarded $22,500 compensation and $20,000 compensatory damages against former Sheriff John A. Reichman and his posse. C A printed warning signed by the White Renters' League has been distributed by night riders in West Texas advising landlords to dismiss their Negro tenants and cotton pickers. C At the suggestion that he meet a Negro boxer, Jess Willard, the champion white prize fighter, said: "I fought the best of the blacks and defeated him at Havana, and there and then I announced no black man would have a chance at the title again so far as I am concerned." C The 296th anniversary of Afro-Americans in America was celebrated at Penn Hall, Philadelphia, Pa., during December, I HE CRISIS under the auspices of local clubs. C The Longshoremen's Protective Union and Benevolent Association, a Negro or ganization of Pensacola, Fla., sent a check for $867 to the city treasurer as payment of the annual poll taxes for its 867 members. C The Woman's Relief Corps No. 99, in Stoughton, Mass., has elected its only col ored member, Miss R. Adelaide Washington, to the presidency. (I Colored men in Leavenworth County, Kan., have organized the Sunflower Rifle Club, which has been admitted to the Na tional Rifle Association. Mr. William Shel ton is president. C Dr. Edna Robinson has successfully passed the recent dental examination in Boston, and is the first Negro woman to practice dentistry in Massachusetts. C Many daily papers both in the North and in the-South are giving more attention "to Negro news notes and items of interest concerning their Negro citizens. Some of these papers are running a regular column devoted to Negro news, while others are publishing interesting Negro sections. (I At a recent milk test held in Des Moines, for the state of Iowa, Mr. Julian O. Winston, a Negro dairyman of Ottumwa, won the highest honor. C Miss Alice Hagar, because of the enactment of a law which interferes with her kennel of blooded Scotch terriers in Burlingame, near San Francisco, Cal., has offered her mansion at an especially low price to any "Chinese, Japanese or Negro." C The Nashville, Tenn., Globe carried a very interesting rotogravure section of eight pages in its issue of December 22, 1916. C By an act of the United States Congress, after July 1, 1917, any individual or organization not of the regular United States army, navy or marine, will be forbidden to wear uniforms or any distinctive parts of uniforms of United States soldiers. This action will cause a loss of nearly a half million dollars in clothing and equipment to the colored Knights of Pythias of the United States. C Cardinal Gibbons, in his " A Retrospect of Fifty Years," devotes chapters, outside of church matters, to such subjects as: Patriotism and Politics, Irish Immigration, The Lynch Law, The Funeral of General Sheridan, Will the American Republic Endure? (I Mme. C. J. Walker, the Negro hair culturist, has purchased a $75,000 estate at Irvington-on-the-Hudson, New York, on which she is planning to erect a $100,000 residence. C Mr. Harry Robinson, a colored man of Louisville, Ky., has been appointed foreman of all the stock leaving the Ford Automobile Works in Detroit, Mich. He is the first colored man to be given this position. C Since the lynching of Mr. Anthony Crawford, at Abbeville, S. C , 270 Negroes have left Greenwood, and it is expected that many more will leave. (I As a result of the first colored fair of Guilford County, North Carolina, 200 colored people started a fund and have purchased thirty acres as a fair ground. C Mr. Daniels, Secretary of the Navy, upon the suggestion that Negroes be obtained for the navy, said: "Mr. Callaway, if you will excuse me I would prefer not to discuss that matter." C As a reason for urging compulsory registration of vital statistics, W. L. Heiser, of Kentucky, said: "Our grandchildren and great-grandchildren will be marrying persons having Negro blood in their veins." C Mr. Howard B. Woolsten of the City College of New York lists the nationalities in the following order with respect to good citizenship: Americans, first; Germans, second; English, third; Poles, Russians and Jews, fourth; Scandinavians, fifth; Irish, sixth; French-Canadians, seventh; Austrians, Slavs, eighth; Italians, ninth, and Negroes, tenth. (I Stephane Lauzanne, editor of the Paris Matin, said in a lecture in New York City: "Negro troops made the recapture of Donaumont possible." C Mr. Joe Ellis and his brother, Abe, two Negro farmers of the Creve Cceur Bottom, St. Louis County, Missouri, who did not believe in savings banks, but kept their money in an old trunk in their home, lost $6000, which represented their lifetime's work, when fire destroyed their home. C A site has been purchased on West 137th Street, New York City, for the new building of the Colored Young Women's Christian Association. (I John Patrick Turner writes us of the proposed town of Hope Isle, S. C. The following Negroes comprise the Board of Directors: Dr. C. V. Roman of Nashville, THE HORIZON Tenn.; Lester A. Walton, of New York D. C; the Rev. J. M. Anderson, prominent City; G. Edward Dickerson, Dr. Algerin A. M. E. Church life, Waco, Tex; Charles non B. Jackson, and Dr. John Patrick W. Hollis, Wilmington, Del., Grandmaster Turner, of Philadelphia. Behind the moveof Masons, ment, as consultant and advisor, is a white man, John T. Patrick, of North Carolina. Southern Pines, the noted winter resort, was built and owned by him. Three sites are being considered; one near Savannah, another near Beaufort, and a third near Charleston. Al l the money necessary for the purchase of the land and the erection of municipal buildings is in hand. A silk factory, a sanitarium, and an art school are promised. No stock will be issued until the town is in actual operation. PERSONAL DR. W. E. B. DU BOIS, editor of THE CRISIS, was operated on twice for stone in the kidney and ureter at St. Luke's Hospital, in New York City, December 15 and January 4. Both operations were successful, and Dr. Du Bois is hoping to be at his desk again early in February. C We are informed that the announcement in our last issue of the marriage of Mr. W. A. Joiner to Miss Ada Roundtree was incorrect. C The name of the founder and superintendent of the National League for the Protection of Negro Girls (mentioned in our Richmond, Va., number) should have read Mrs. Ora B. Stokes instead of Mrs. Ora B. Saunders. C Mr. and Mrs. Cassius M. Brown have celebrated their golden wedding anniversary in Harrisburg, Pa. They are both prominent and well-thought-of citizens. C Mrs. Mary Talbot, a native of Kentucky, and a former Negro slave, has celebrated her 120th birthday anniversary at Ottumwa, Ia. C Rt. Rev. Alexander Walters, senior bishop of the A. M. E. Zion Church, has been confined to St. Luke's Hospital in New York City. C Mr. Fred Douglass Pollard, the noted football player of Brown University, was tendered a banquet by the citizens of New York, December 20. C Deaths of well known Negroes during the month are: In Texas, Dr. R. S. Loving-good, president of Samuel Huston College, and Mrs. Nancy Allen, widow of the late Richard Allen; John E. Bush, Little Rock, Ark.; Mrs. Andrew F. Hilyer, Washington, G Negro centenarians have died during the past month as follows: At Jefferson City, Mo., Mrs. Grace Williams, 116 years old; John Davis died in November near Belzoni, Miss., 117 years old. He was the oldest resident of Mississippi; Mrs. Mary Ross, 116 years old, at Enid, Okla. POLITICS MAN Y bills to abolish the electoral col lege and base the election of the President of the United States entirely upon popular vote have been introduced in Congress. C The Negro-Mulatto and Chinese suffrage amendment met defeat in Oregon at the recent election. C Delegates from the Every Woman Suffrage club of St. Paul, which is composed * entirely of Negro women, received a hearty welcome at the Minnesota State Suffrage Association's thirty-fourth annual convention, held recently in Minneapolis. CHURCH THE colored Baptists have contributed during the last year $68,000 to missions and $49,000 to education. They have 1512 churches, 153,319 members, and four educational institutions valued at $725,000. d The St. Joseph's Catholic Community Society in Beaumont, Texas, has sixty-eight members working for the evangelization of colored people. The work accomplished in a year consists of grounds at Port Arthur, $1500; Beaumont, $2600, all paid. A com bination of school and church costing $13,000 is being erected. It will be followed by a home for the Sisters and the Father, Alexis A. La Plante, S. S. J. d The twenty-fifth anniversary of Holy Trinity Baptist Church in Philadelphia, Pa., and the fifth anniversary of its pastor, the Rev. W. F. Graham, were celebrated recently with over 3000 people in attendance at the three services. The celebration continued one week. MEETINGS A RAC E conference is to be held in Columbia, S. C , February 7-9. Dr. James H. Dillard of the Jeanes and Slater Funds is to be the speaker February 7. 194 I H E CRISIS (1 The annual convention of newspaper men, of which Mr. C. J. Perry, of Philadelphia, Pa., is president, will be held in Nashville, Tenn., February 7-10. d The forty-ninth annual session of Negro Masons has been held in Anderson, S. C , with over four hundred delegates present. The mayor of Anderson, the Honorable J. H. Godfrey, delivered an address of welcome. C More than 700 delegates attended the annual session of the Grand Lodge of Masons of North Carolina held at Washington. C At the convention of former slaves held recently at the Cosmopolitan church (colored), Washington, D. C , the two women featured below were in attendance. On the left is Elizabeth Buckley, 125 years old, and Rachel Fay, 100 years old, on the right. FOREIGN AN industrial conference in Johannes burg has been discussing cotton growing in South Africa. It suggested that Negroes be imported from the southern states of America to carry on this industry. G In Liberia the inhabitants celebrated on December 23 the 100th anniversary of the founding of the American Colonization Society, which established the colony of American Negroes in Liberia. (I In London, England, ex-Mayor Archer, of Battersea, a Negro, was among the first people to be invited by King George to visit with him the hospitals of the city during the holidays. Mr. Archer was accompanied by his wife. (I A commissioner of the West African Government has left London for Kumasi, Gold Coast, Africa, to install a moving picture plant as a method toward civilization among the natives. Among the pictures of "educational" value is listed first: "A rip-roaring cowboy melodrama with plenty of shooting and lynching." (I Sweet and Maxwell, London, England, have published Volume I of Gold Coast Reports, collected by Mr. Peter Awoonor Renner, a Negro. (I The West Indies Trading Association was recently incorporated in Canada with a capital stock of $40,000. Shares in the stock may be purchased by any Negro. (I Efforts are being made through the Anti-Slavery and Aborigines Protection Society to amend the Native Land Act of South Africa. Legislative provision is being urged for the gradual expropriation of lands owned by Europeans for the permanent settlement of natives in such areas, and local administration of native affairs by means of native councils. C G. G. Cruickshank, of Demerara, has issued two volumes: "Negro Humor," and "Black Talk," which give notes on dialects in the West Indies and traces them back to Africa. (I Canada has prohibited the landing of colored people from the West Indies and British Guiana into the dominion. C The American Commercial Commission, which has been touring France, was given a banquet at St. Etienne. Prominent among the guests was William L. Hunt, United States consul, who was "particularly" welcomed in the speech of the chairman as one who had merited the sympathy of the citizens on account of his amenable qualities. The Prefect of the Department of the Loire also said that Consul Hunt had increased the natural sympathy which the French have for the United States, and mentioned his courtesy and conciliatory spirit. GHETTO BECAUS E she rode in the same sleeper in which a colored man rode, Mrs. Betty Norton, of Jackson, Miss., has been awarded $1,000 by the courts. (I Four Negroes being held in the murder case of the Reeves family in Minden, Louisiana, are being well guarded in the county jail. Sheriff Phillips has announced his determination that "there shall be no lynching." CI The Supreme Court of Mississippi took the attitude that a Negro on trial for his life is entitled to discover through his counsel whether the jurors who are to be empanelled to try him are free from bias or prejudice against him for the reason that he is a Negro; in other words, to ascertain whether the feeling of race prejudice in the minds of the jurors would dominate their judgment in determining the issue between himself and the state, notwithstanding the evidence that might be presented in dealing THE HORIZON with the case of Joe Hill, a Negro, who was tried some time ago in Bolivar County for murder, convicted, and sentenced to death. C A decision in the courts of Los Angeles, Cal., obtained by Willis O. Tyler, has invalidated clauses in deeds limiting the transfer of property to white people. C A Chinese restaurant, in Boston, has been fined $100 for discriminating against colored people. C. The courts declare that the jitneys of Milwaukee, Wis., must not discriminate against colored people. C A colored boy of Hancock County, W. Va., has brought suit against the Board of Education for not furnishing a free TH E YEAR'S ACCORDING to The CRISIS records there were fifty-nine persons lynched in the United States during the year 1916; fifty-two Negro men, three white men, 1 Mexican, and three Negro women. Our record for lynchings during 1916 is as follows: January 2—South Carolina—.. .Sims, insulting a white girl. January 12—North Carolina—John Richards, alleged murder. January 20—Georgia—Felix Lake, Frank Lake, Dewey Lake, Major Lake, Rodius Keith, murder. January 25—Texas — W. J. Mayfield (white), alleged murder. January 25—Alabama—Richard Burton, burglary and stabbing owner of premises. January 28—Florida—Richard Anderson, charged with rape. January 31—Arkansas—Will Warren, accused of chasing white boys. February 10—Georgia—James King, charged with murder. February 12—Georgia-Marvin Harris, charged with murder. February 25—Georgia—Jesse McCorkle, charged with attempted rape. March 4—North Carolina—David Evans shot to death for murder. March 6—Tennessee—Will Whitley, murder. March 20—Iowa—James Jones, "attempting to attack a white girl." March 31—Mississippi—Jeff Brown. He was running to catch a train and accidentally brushed against a white girl. April 3—Oklahoma—Oscar Martin, attacking a white girl. April 5—North Carolina—Joseph Black; his son was accused of attacking a white girl. April 5—Missouri—Lafayette Chandler, shot and burned for murder. April 10—Texas—Private John Wade, shot by state Ranger school to which he can go. C Three hundred Cherokee Indians have begun a movement to recover the value of lands and money to the value of about $30,000,000 apportioned by the government to the slaves of the Cherokees under the Treaty of 1866. C. A mass meeting was held recently at Bristow, Okla., to protest against the segregation ordinances passed there. The colored people are considering secession to a separate Negro town, five miles away. Seventy per cent of the town's trade comes from the colored people, and the colored farmers have ginned $56,000 worth of cotton this fall. LYNCHINGS April 10—Oklahoma—Carl Dudley, shot to death for wounding a policeman. April 16—Florida—John Dykes (white), charged with murder. May 5—Texas—Tom Dickson accused of attacking a white girl. May 15—Texas -— Jesse Washington, burned by mob, accused of rape and murder. May 20—Texas—Geronimo Lerma (Mexican) suspected of cutting a white woman with knife. May 27—Arkansas—Felix Gilmore, accused of attempting to attack a white girl. August 9—Arkansas—Unidentified Ne gro, attacking a white girl. August 19—Florida—Josh Baskin, August 19—Florida—James Dennis, August 19—Florida—Bert Dennis, August 19—Florida—Mary Dennis, August 19—Florida—Stella Long. Alleged complicity in the escape of a criminal. August 19—Texas—Ed Lang, attempted assault. August 19—Georgia—Lewis, for entering a house, is supposed to have been lynched. August 26—Louisiana—Jesse Hanmet, attempted assault. September 8—Tacoma, Washington—T. N . Bethel, killed by strikers for being a "scab." September 9—Georgia—Unknown Negro supposed to have been killed for murder of Crawford, a farmer. September 9—Louisiana Israel, shot for wounding a foreman. September 20—Georgia—Henry White, alleged attack on a white girl. September 21—Georgia—Pete Hudson, shot for murder. September 21—Kansas—Bert Dudley (white), murder. September 23—Tennessee—Two Negroes, shot for murder. September 27—Georgia—Moxie Shuler for "attemptin THE CRISIS September 29—Oklahoma—John Foreman, murder. September 29—Oklahoma—F. Powell, murder. October 4—Georgia—Mary Conley; her son killed his employer. October 6—Texas—Will Spencer, wounding a policeman. October 7—Georgia—Charles Smith, shooting a sheriff. October 10—Arkansas—Frank Dodd, for "annoying a white woman." October 16—Kentucky—Brack Kinley, hanged and burned for assaulting a white woman. October 16—Kentucky—Luther Durett, hanged and burned for saying he "intended to get some white man." October 21—South Carolina—Anthony Crawford, for striking a white man. October ..—Mississippi—Allen Nance, for firing at automobile party. November 5—Texas—Joe Johnson, accused of murder. November 16—Louisiana—James Grant, alleged murder. November 29—Texas—Buck Thomas, al leged assault. By States. GeorgiaTexas 15 9 Mississippi South Carolina.. 2 2 FloridaArkansas 7 4 Kentucky Alabama 2 1 Oklahoma 4 Iowa 1 Louisiana 3 Missouri 1 Tennessee 3 Kansas 1 North Carolina.. 3 Washington .. . 1 By Race. Negro 55 White 3 Mexican 1 SHERIFF By FRANKLIN THE main street of the little southern town was alive with excited voices; yelling urchins hurled stones at terror-stricken Negroes who slunk away to hide in their shanties. Stern-visaged men gathered in groups, then silently left the town. Some led bloodhounds, others trailed long, black-barreled rifles. Al l hurried to the creek situated in the middle of the woods, a half-mile distant, where the little half-witted daughter of a "poor white" had been found—violated and strangled to death. Old Jaspard Allen, the town ragman, had made a short cut through the woods that morning and had suddenly come upon the little girl, stretched on her back, quite naked. By Sex. Male 56 Female 3 By Alleged Crimes. Murder 23—(3 whites) Attacking and attempting to attack white females 10 Alleged complicity in the escape of a criminal 5 Assault and attempted assault 4 Wounding white men 4 Rape and attempted rape 3 Unknown 2 Threat 1 Entering a house 1 Striking a white man 1 Firing at automobile party 1 Accidentally brushing against a white woman ' 1 Chasing white boys 1 Wounding a white woman (Mexican) . . 1 Burglary 1 Method of Torture. Hanged 49 Shot 8 Burned 1 Shot and burned. 1 Number of Negroes Lynched. 1885—1916. 1885 78 1902 86 1886 71 1903 86 1887 80 1904 83 1888 95 1905 61 1889 95 1906 64 1890 90 1907 60 1891 121 1908 93 1892 155 1909 73 1893 154 1910 65 1894 134 1911 63 1895 112 1912 63 1896 80. 1913 79 1897 122 1914 69 1898 102 1915 80 1899 84 1916 55 1900 107 1901 107 Total 2,867 GRIFFIN O. NICHOLS her face nearly black, tongue protruding, eyes bloodshot, with the awful stare of death in them. Horrified he had rushed through the trees to Sheriff Griffin's house on the other side of the woods. Pale and nearly exhausted, rag-bag in hand, Jaspard found the sheriff standing on his porch smoking. He was a tall, raw-boned man; dark complexioned, strong as an ox and greatly respected in the district. Very nearly forty years old, and a widower, he lived alone, employing an old colored woman to do his housework. The sheriff asked: SHERIFF GRIFFIN "Well, old man, what's the matter now?" "My God! Sheriff, I have found a little girl dead in the woods. It looks like rape." The sheriff stiffened up, all the color gone from his face. " A little girl, you say?" "Yes, sir, a little girl, stark naked, on her back—dead." The sheriff gave vent to an oath: "By God! I'll bet it's Sally Craddock's crazy girl. I saw her mother hunting for her last night. Where did you find her?" Jaspard pointed out the exact spot and offered to conduct him there. But the sheriff suddenly became brusque: "No, I don't need you; but go to the coroner's office and tell him to come out here immediately. He'll find me waiting." So Jaspard hurried to town, to the cor oner's office. To everyone he met he de scribed the crime. He ended: "Nothin' but a damn nigger would a'don' it." That night five hundred white men, women and children howled and danced like five hundred unloosed fiends as tongues of fire leaped and licked and devoured three screaming blacks. "Suspects" tracked to earth by bloodhounds. As the fire died out little barefooted children prodded the human ashes, then they fought like demons for pieces of the charred bodies. That same night Sheriff Griffin sat in a heap in his arm chair before a table. He was sobbing with his hands clasped over his forehead. He remained crying for a long time; then wiped his eyes, lit a lamp, with a red shade, and looked at the clock. It was nearly midnight. Suddenly he got up, went to a closet, took out a bottle of white liquor and placing the neck in his mouth, drank with a great gulp- Replacing the bottle, he went back to his table and began to write. After finishing the letter, which he addressed to the governor, he placed a glass weight on top of it. He thought: "They'll find it in the morning after it is all over." Then he pulled out a drawer in the mid dle of the table, and taking from it a re volver, held it in his hand under the soft light of the lamp. The barrel of the fire arm glittered and cast reflections which re sembled sparks of fire. He stared at it for some time with an uneasy glance, then slipped it in his coat pocket, blew out the light and went over to an open window. He stood there gazing into the blackness of the night, toward the mass of woods, twenty yards distant, where the little girl had been found, and three human beings burnt alive. In a few moments he stepped over the sill of the window, which was built low to the ground, and entered the woods. He went direct to the spot on the bank of the creek, the scene of the crimes. And he silently paced up and down over the soft moss with one hand in his pocket tightly grasping his revolver. Soon it began to rain, gradually increasing to a steady downpour. It drenched the sheriff to the skin; but he did not stop his steady pacing, the place holding him as one fascinated. He could not leave those charred tree-stumps, the gruesome reminders of the day's tragedies. Sometimes, when a gust of wind swept over the tree tops, the rain grew heavier and the almost imperceptible mutter, the ceaseless whisper, gentle and sad, of the rainfall, seemed like a low wail of the tall trees mourning and weeping, perhaps over the souls of those murdered at their feet—the little "poor white" and the three Negroes. He shuddered as a flock of crows suddenly arose and rushed through the woods uttering horrible and terrifying shrieks. "Good God!" he exclaimed, "how human they sound—how much like hers." Gradually a calm came over him, as one feels when resigned to a terrible fate. He went over to one of the blackened tree stumps, and, sitting down, drew out his revolver. He tried to look at the end of the barrel, at that little black hole that spits out death. He thought of the surprise of the townspeople—wondered what they would think of their respected sheriff when his body was found and everything was known. In a few moments he heard the town clock mournfully toll two and he suddenly 198 THE arose, as if surprised, then opened his mouth with a frightful grimace, stuck the barrel of the revolver into it and pulled the trigger. Slowly he sunk to the ground, without a groan, where he had brutally violated the little girl, Colene Craddock, and afterwards strangled her to death, in a mad frenzy of fear, when she continued her horrified screams. Old Jaspard found the body of Sheriff Griffin the next morning when, through morbid curiosity, he stopped at the creek on his way to town. Two days later they buried the sheriff in the graveyard in back of the country church. The little "poor white" was interred in potter's field. CRISIS And soon no one in the district spoke of the tragedies except the old Negresses, bent with age, who hobbled to the charred tree stumps to which their sons had been lashed and burnt up. Each evening at sunset they made their sorrowful journey and knelt in silent prayer while great tears trickled down their wrinkled old faces. Soon they stopped, one after the other, for the ravenous mob had destroyed their only support. When the coroner read Sheriff Griffin's confession, addressed to the governor, he destroyed it—tore it into small pieces and threw them into the fire. He muttered: "He was too damn good a man to leave this sort of a reputation." The Outer Pocket The Negro vote has been thrown away on the Republican Party ever since Lincoln was taken out of office. I consider Grover Cleveland's administration did more justice to the Negro than any President's since then. Could not the Socialist Party put a plank against lynching and do justice to the Negro in their Platform, thereby securing the entire Negro vote and also the votes of many white brothers like myself? The Negro voters have an immense power and if it was rightly used they would compel the Government of the United States to protect their men, women and children against the possibility of lynching and other outrages. The greatest blot on this Government has been the injustice done to the Negro race. The candidates, both Republican and Democratic, promise everything before election and do nothing for the race afterwards. Speaking of the Socialists, you say the vote for that party " is at least temporarily thrown away." Has not the Negro vote been thrown away for the last 40 years? There has to be a commencement to a would-be successful party. It certainly would be a great improvement for the colored voter to follow the suggestion of Miss Inez Milholland. I have great expectation of the good that will be done by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. GFORGE C. BARTLETT Tolland. Conn The present arrangement of the pages I consider the better. In the old way, the prejudiced white man casually looking over the magazine, came at once upon a list of the wrongs of the Negro race which was something his intolerant mind did not care to have brought to its notice. In this way, his attention is arrested by forceful writing, which whets his curiosity if nothing else, and he peruses the pages "to see what these fellows do talk about anyway"—and sometimes he develops a real interest. " A Fragment," in the September number, ought to arouse the interest of anyone whose heart is not ossified or whose mental liver is not "hob-nailed." Some day, some member of your race will write one of "the great American plays" for which they are clamoring and will have the business acumen to get it before the public sub rosa under his white manager's or secretary's manipulation. When successfully launched, he can emerge; they cannot, in sheer self-pride, refuse to accord him openly the praise and hand of fellowship which they have bestowed unknowingly. After that, it will be easy for the rest who follow. More through the Arts I think, than in any other way will the chasm be bridged. (MRS.) EVELYN REYNOLDS-JONES Santa Cruz, Cal. I am taking the opportunity to write to point out to you the necessity of making the N. A. A. C. P. decidedly universal THE OUTER POCKET affair. Had it not been for a fellow passenger—an American traveling from Li beria to America via England—I would not have known such a paper existed. J. A. VANDERPUYE. Edinburgh, Scotland. We are up against it here and trying the courts to see if we have any school rights in our County, State or Nation. The City School Board of Checotah, Okla., hired me last summer, or last spring, for this year promising me nine months' work as Principal of the City School for Colored Youth. Now we are informed that we are only to get three months and the whites are getting nine just the same. Call the race's attention to these things for we are in the fight. We have our white friends, but can these be friends? J. L. UMSTEAD. Checotah, Okla. I am enclosing photo of my home. No one of common sense would want to live in this section; but one of the troubles is that many of these people have struggled and worked for years and acquired splendid homes and property; they can't find a buyer and are tied here; they can't just give it to these people. We have our cash money tied up in real estate and I have tried hard to find a reasonable buyer. Many are like me—they wish with all their heart to leave here; but it requires a great deal to go where I wish to go. Sometimes I feel quite hopeless, still no matter the sacrifices I shall not always live here. . Edenton, N . C. I like your paper very much, Mr. Editor, because you make it my paper as well. You try to present to a very biased world my longings, my desires, my hopes and ambitions—likewise those of every other Negro. Don't become discouraged by adverse criticism (I know that you won't) ; just keep on printing the truth about me and the other fellow. Perhaps my blessings may alleviate some of his curses. Anyway, by following the course you have adopted you can't go wrong. JOHN H . OWENS. Chicago, Ill. Being a reader of your magazine for almost two years I have not had anything to say, although at times I have wanted to personally object to a good many things.could not fully decide it would be the proper thing. Now that the one man has gone from our race, in the person of Dr. Washington, and as one who tries to agree with any one who is for the upbuilding of our race I thought I would try and say a few words; even now I may be wrong. If so you can use your own decision about publishing this and whatever way you decide I will not think any the less of TH E CRISIS magazine, for I do enjoy reading every page of it. Now as I was born in the South and lived in the extreme South, the same as Mr. Washington, I can fully side with his way of managing and doing things, and I have also come in contact with some hard propositions; some I could not digest and in doing so I can also understand the method of THE CRISIS in doing things and in that is the reason I was so long coming to my conclusion. I have also seen the play the "Birth of a Nation" and my idea is that it shows more plainly the low side of the whites as well as the colored, and it was in a day when the Negro had not had time to develop his mind and the Negro of today should be a more cool-headed example of the advantages and opportunities of this enlightened time instead of encouraging the same way of bonding together to fight and kill. To my mind a more sane way would be better. Just here is where I must and we all as a people should give Mr. Washington credit for working on the Q. T. with the white people to get the money and at the same time train hundreds and thousands of Negroes to prepare themselves for the position of social equality; and when the time was at hand to come up independent and demand our rights he would have a nation of well-trained and educated Negroes to help and back him in his undertakings; for out of ten million Negroes only one-third are capable of understanding a good and sane problem, which is not his fault, but the white people's. But what we want is to get prepared for this thing that we are fighting for and when it comes we will be ready to stand up and hold our own, and the Negro has enough to fight the white man's political world. (MISS) R. DEVOE. Trenton, N . J. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Standard Life Three Reasons Why You Should Insure in Insurance Company Standard Life FIRST, BECAUSE OF PROTECTION The prime reason for the existence of a life insurance company is protection. STANDAR D LIFE can give you this because it is the only Old Line, Legal Reserve life insurance company in the world owned, operated and controlled by Negroes. Its policyholders are protected by a deposit of $100,000.00 with the State Treasurer of Georgia. They are protected by the very nature of the company in that it is a legal reserve company—the setting aside of a large, definite portion of each premium paid as a legal reserve is required of all companies of this type. They are protected by the fact that all officers are bonded by the National Surety Company of New York. And lastly, the men behind the company as officers, directors, agents and employees are of the finest and ablest type in the Race. SECOND, BECAUSE OF EMPLOYMENT- At the present time STANDAR D LIF E is giving lucrative employment to over two hundred of our people. It is opening up wonderful new fields of employment to our young men and women. Some one has said that "the greatest problem of the educated Negro is to know what to do with his education after he has gotten it." Teaching and preaching are noble and necessary professions but all of us cannot teach and preach. STANDAR D LIF E gives entrance to the field of business to the young Negro who has the brains but not the capital, or who has both but little outlet for either. Some day you or your son or your daughter may want a dignified, well-paying position. At its present rate of growth, it is only a matter of time before STANDAR D LIF E will have its five and ten thousand employees. THIRD, BECAUSE OF INVESTMENT- During the year of 1915 over One Hundred Billion Dollars were loaned to the people of the United States by the life insurance companies of this country. Legal reserve companies are compelled to invest their reserve in real estate and bonds. If you want to know how much of the above mentioned amount was loaned to colored people by the life insurance companies of this country, try and see how much you can borrow from them on your own real estate. Naturally STANDAR D LIF E will invest its reserve in real estate owned by colored people. As the company increases its insurance, in force, and as its reserve increases, one can easily see what the growth of this company means to the economic future of the Race. During the past twelve months we have loaned over Fifty Thousand Dollars to our people, which has N resulted in saving to the Race property of at least twice this value and in several cases many » times more. Think over these arguments and if they appeal to you see one of our agents or write to us for additional information. Please . send me Standard Life Insurance Company particulars about Home Office, 200 Auburn Avenue insurance. Atlanta, Georgia Amount $. Sex CAPITAL $125,000.00 Age Agencies in Georgia, Alabama, Tennessee, Kentucky, Arkansas, Missouri, Texas, Mississippi and the District of Columbia, Weight . .. Height . . . Occupation Nearly Three Million of Insurance in Force Name "We can write you and protect you in any part of the world in amounts from $250.00 Address to $6,000.00. Heman E. Perry, President (C. Feb., 1917) Harry H . Pace, Secretary-Treasurer Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER the Authorized Biography of BOOKER T WASHINGTON Builder of a Civilization By EMMETT J. SCOTT for 18 Years Secretary to Booker T. Washington and LYMAN BEECHER STOWE Preface by Theodore Roosevelt The dramatic accurate story of one who rose from slave boy to be the recognized leader of his race and to take his place for all time among America's great men. A trenchant and graphic picture of the man himself as known by those nearest him; of his contributions to education, his position on the rights of the Negro and race prejudice, etc. The serious matter is relieved by many of the inimitable stories for which Washington was noted. This book furnishes a sequel to "Up from Slavery. Illustrated, Net $2.00 For sale at all book stores and at THE CRISIS, 70 Fifth Ave., New York DOUBLEDAY, PAGE &amp; CO. Garden City N . Y. GIVE BOOKS 1 OOO 1000 ••" W V ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS SAVED V W SPECIAL BOOK BAB GAINS Masterpieces of Negro Eloquence. .$1.50 postpaid Race Relationship in the South, set, Life and Times of Frederick Doug- 7 vols $5.00 postpaid lass 2,50 N. B. Catalogue of new rare books, The Black Phalanx 3.00 pertaining to the colored race. YOUNG'S BOOK EXCHANGE :: 135 West 135th Street. New York City EXCELLENT OPPORTUNITY FOR YOUNG MEN AND WOMEN SCHOOL OF MECHANICAL DENTISTRY A. O. BRANSON 8c CO. 82 WEST 135TH ST. NEW YORK CITY Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE NEGRO AND HIS PROBLEMS New catalogue on request. For twenty years the Neale publications have been famous throughout the civilized world. Among them are books of history, biography, reminiscence, science, essays, politics, travel, fiction, poetry, religion, juvenile' and pure literature. To this great library of literature important works frequently are being added. Our new catalogue will be sent postpaid on request. The Facta of Reconstruction. By JOHN R, LYNCH . She Trod," "Where Animals Talk," "In an Elephant Fourth Thousand. In his "Autobiography of SevCorral, and Other Tales of West African Experienty years," the late Senator George F. Hoar of ences," and "My Ogowe." One of his more imMassachusetts says: "Perhaps, on the whole, the ablest portant works is the translation of the Bible into the of the colored men who served with me in Congress Benga language of West Equatorial Africa. But by was John R. Lynch of Mississippi." Lynch was made far his greatest achievement in literature, and the temporary chairman of the Republican National Conculmination of his varied literary activities, is this vention of 1884, and presided over that convention volume, "My Ogowe," which the publishers hold to during the whole of the first day and a part of the 	be the most important work of the sort yet published. second. He was nominated as temporary chairman It comprises more than 700 page 9 of text and 50 full-by Henry Cabot Lodge, and his nomination was secpage illustrations. Large octavo. $3.25 by mail. onded by Theodore Roosevelt and George William Curtis. After his term in Congress, Lynch served as The Black Man's Burden. By WILLIAM H . HOLTZ-Fourth Auditor of the Treasury. In this his first CLAW, Principal of the Utica Normal and Industrial book, written with extraordinary force and with unInstitute for the Training of Colored Young Men and usual clarity, he boldly justifies Reconstruction. $1.65 Young Women, Utica, Miss. With an introduction by mail. by Booker T. Washington. Illustrated. Third Thousand. $1.60 by mail. Chicago Tribune: "This book is perhaps the most important contribution which has been made by any Rochester Democrat and Chronicle: "In both subpolitical writer during recent years to the political ject and literary treatment Mr. Holtzclaw's book is a literature of the reconstruction era." monument to his race." Boston Globe: "An interesting contribution to the New Orleans Times-Picayune: "It is an interesthistory of American politics." ing study in Negro achievement and should be an in spiration to the young men and the young women of Racial Adjustments in the Methodist Episcopal that race." Church. By JOHN H. REED, D.D., K.C. With an introduction by Adna B. Leonard, D.D., LL.D. Boston Herald: "The book will stir the sympa $1.60 by mail. 	thetic emotions of its readers as his story stirred Bostonians when be told it here several years ago. Christian Recorder, Philadelphia: "The author is The story of this devoted young man is of intense an American Negro who has spent eight years in interest, not only as an account of gTea t accomplishLiberia under the missionary society of the M. E. ment despite apparently overwhelming obstacles and Church. The book comes in at this time with more repeated discouragements, but as giving a close view than ordinary interest, for during this year most of of the character of the colored people of the far the lay colleges and conferences of the M. E. Church South, their shortcomings, their inherent virtues, and will discuss the subject of racial adjustment, espetheir ambitions." cially that relating to Bishops for races and languages. The book is filled with splendid idealism, and pre Troy Record: "Mr. Holtzclaw is one of those sents a fine argument, which in this day of comprosplendid Negro leaders upon whom the hope of his mises for the present exigencies may not be heeded." race depends." My Ogowe. By ROBERT Hamill NASSAU, M.D., Redder Blood. By WILLIAM M. A SHBY . The Negro S.T.D. For forty-five years a resident of Africa, in Americ a has produced but little imaginative work pioneer and explorer, Dr. Nassau has contributed other than poetry. He ha9 told his story by other largely to both science and literature. While in mediums, which seemed to him, perhaps, better than Africa he sent large ethnological collections to the fiction. Whethe r right or wrong in this view, unUniversity of Pennsylvania and to Princeton, and doubtedly the time is now ripe for Negro prose ficwas the first to send a carcass of a gorilla to the tion, by Negroes, to be written in the English lanUnited States, and he supplied the "only perfect goguage, and not the jargon known as Negro dialect. rilla brains to be examined by anatomists up to 1891. Mr. Ashby, a Yale man, is a Negro, and "Redder He is a member of various scientific' bodies, includBlood " is a novel of his race, and of the present ing the Archeolagical Society of the University of time. Moreover, it is a story told for the sake of Pennsylvania, the National Geographical Society, the the story, and is not a treatise under disguise. The Pennsylvania Society of Scientific Research. Among novel is one of great merit, as a novel, and there his published* works are "Crowned in Palmland," are situations in it that reach the acme of legitimate "Mawedo," "Fetishism in West Africa," "The Path dramatic intensity. $1.00 by mail. Wm. E. Chancellor, Ph. D., author of "The United States," in ten volumes; formerly lecturer in Johns Hopkins University and in the University of Chicago'; formerly Superintendent of Public Schools in the District of Columbia: "The Neale Publishing Company today represents high-water mark in America for its historical works. Upon its list are to be found the best books upon each and every side of the common issues of our public life. Such is the authority of the list considered as an entirety as to lend lustre to each separate title, creating a presumption in its favor." Order through 440 Fourth Avenue 70 Fifth AVENUE THE NEALE PUBLISHING CO., or THE CRISIS, New York City New York City Mention TF B Cmsis THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 203 THE NEGRO AND HIS PROBLEMS A prominent southern white educator in a letter to the publishers says: "'Your policy of absolute fairness with regard to the Negro question, along with your sympathy for the South, make me wish to co-operate with you as far as possible." Says a prominent western colored educator to the publishers: "I am deeply impressed with the justice of your house. I seeyour great work in behalf of the Negro Negro Culture in Weit Africa. By George W. ELLIS , K.C., F.R.G.S.; recently, and for eight years, Secretary of the United States Legation in Liberia; author of "Liberia in the Political Psychology of West Africa," "Islam As a Factor in West African Culture," "Dynamic Factors in the Liberian Situation," and other works. Profusely illustrated. $2.15 by mail. Pittsburgh Sun: "In this thorough study of Negro social conditions in Africa lies a revelation for those to whom the African Negro has meant only the savage. Here is revealed a social system, a religious tradition, a craftsmanship, and, most astonishing of all, a written language other than primitive. Especially interesting are the maxims and the fables translated from the Vai tongue, with their picturesque simplicity and ingenious wisdom." Boston Transcript: "In this study Mr. Ellis has given us an excellent and valuable contribution to the history of the Negro race." DR. ROBERT E. PARK in the Chicago Tribune: "In an introduction which he has written to Mr. Ellis's volume, Prof. Starr, who is an authority on West Africa, describes the Vai as 'a vigorous, energetic, enterprising* people, and he adds that 'no people of the west coast of Africa can better be taken as typical and showing what the African can do, either when left to himself, or affected by outside influences.' This defines the peculiar interest of this volume. It tells us what a minute and isolated Ne gro people have done with the slight cultural resources that were at their command." The Negro Races: Vol. II. East and South Africans, with a Full Account of the Slave Trade. By JEROME DOWD. This is the second volume of Professor Dowd's series entitled "The Negro Races," and is devoted to the Negroes of both East an 1 South Africa, with a full account of the slave trade. The first volume of the series, "West Africans," was published several years ago. The third volume, "The Negroes of America," is now in the course of preparation. Professor Dowd, who is at the head of the Department of Sociology and Economics, University of Oklahoma, perhaps is the highest authority on the aspects of the Negro races of which he writes. Of the first volume Professor W. I. Thomas, of the University of Chicago, said: "I am greatly pleased with it. I think you have gone at the matter in an admirable fashion." Said Professor T. F. Jameson, Director, Carnegie Institute: "I can see especially the need of such systematic accounts of the sociology of the African." Professor Paul S. Reinsch, of the University of Wisconsin, wrote: "I have read it with great interest." The price of each volume of the series is $2.50; bv mail. $2.65. often, and he never tires of speaking of  in literature." Race Adjustment: Essays on the Negro in America. By KELLY MILLEB , Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences and Professor of Mathematics, Howard University. Third edition. $2.15 by mail. Dallas Mews: "The author is a cultured map, a forceful and most pleasing writer, interesting from the first sentence of the first chapter to the close of the book." Chicago News: "The book is written with great ability, in English quite free from fault, and its logic is fairly inexorable. New York Evening Post: "As admirable for its calmness and good temper as for its thoroughness and skill." Independent: "There is no book which more fully and correctly represents the wishes and demands for equal recognition in civil and political rights than this volume," Out of the House of Bondage. By KELLY MILLER, Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences, Howard University. $1.65 by mail. Boston Transcript: "Written in a clear and decisive style, with a comprehensive and convincing command of the subject. He neither denounces nor condemns; he analyzes and constructs possibilities upon the fundamental basis of human nature. No man of his race has so sure a power of pruning the fallacies with passionless intellectual severity from the pernicious arguments of the prejudiced demagogues." Detroit Times: "Kelly Miller has the soul of an artist and an idealist. We cannot but be carried away with a splendid fervor for our Negro brother after reading Prof. Miller's book. It is as big as all outdoors and aims at a readjustment on the highest principles." New Orleans Times Picayune: "Those who are interested in the study of the Negro cannot ignore this volume. With many of its conclusions we can by no means agree, but it points in favor of a revised judgment on certain questions connected with the position or achievements of his race." Race Orthodoxy in the South. By THOMAS PEARCE BAILEY. For many years Professor Bailey has studied southern social problems, particularly with respect to the relations of the Caucasian and the Negro races. He has held professorships in the University of California, the University of Chicago, and the University of Mississippi, and he now holds a professorship in the University of the South. Although a southerner, now engaged in educational work in the South, he has lived ten years in the North, and he has studied the Negro and his problems of every section of the United States. $2.15 by mail. Gen. Randolph K. Evans, U. S. A.', Commanding the Department of the East, with headquarters at Governor's Island: "I appreciate the value of your work for American literature in general, and especially what you have done as a military missionary in publishing books, which many other publishers would have rejected, with a view to increasing military comprehension among our people,—an important part of governmental knowledge in regard to which a great majority of our people sit in outer darkness and blissful ignorance" Order through 440 Fourth Ave... 70 Fifth Avenue New York City THE NEALE PUBLISHINGNew York City or TH E CRISIS, Mention the Crisis TH E CRISIS Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 19 Monograph* Sold Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY it ATLANTA. GA. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A . M . An aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon cham pion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Be longs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send order to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 211 West 138th Street •:• New York, N. Y. BLACK FOLK IN ART By FREEMAN H. M. MURRAY The first book of the series, bearing the title EMANCIPATION AND THE FREED IN AMERICAN SCULPTURE will be ready about January 25, 1917. Intro duction by Prof. John W. Cromwell, author of "The Negro in American History." Over 300 pages. 48 full-page half-tone plates, made for this work; no portraits of persons—all are pictures of works of sculpture. $1.75 per copy; postage, 10 cents extra. Descriptive circular on request. Address the author at— 1733 Seventh Street. N. W.( Washington, D. C. $25.00 PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties^ handling "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War" combined with "History of the Negro Race." 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Address: E. A. JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street NEW YORK The Truth about the Bible—introductory price $2.00 Why Jesus was a Man and not a Women-$1.50 Sexology of the Bible—$1.25 The Duality of the Bible—$1.50 "The sex Idea of these books make them the world's greatest books." E. B. Ramsey, M. D. "Will empty our insane asylums, hospitals, and jails." .T. H. Powell, M. D. "The world's most revolutionary books." W. A. Swarm, M. D. Yo u should read the sex Idea of these hooks. Address the Author SIDNEY C. TAPP, Ph.B., P. 0. Box 710, Kansas City. Mo. ADVERTISER The Journal of Negro History Published Quarterly 100 Pages l Edited by CARTER G. WOODSON THE JOURNAL OF NEGRO HISTORY is the official organ of the Association for the Study of Negro Life and History, which is now trying not to promote an isolated research into the history of the black race but to show how civilization has been influenced by contact with the people of color. This publication aims to popularize the movement to save and make available the scattered historical materials bearing on the Negro. In it appear scholarly articles and valuable documents giving information generally unknown. It is concerned with facts, not with opinions. Subscription price, $l.00 per year. Foreign subscriptions, 25 cents extra. Single numbers, 25 cents; 30 cents by mail. Checks should be made payable to THE JOURNAL OF NEGRO HISTORY and addressed to CARTER G. WOODSON 1216 You St., N. W. Washington, D. C. University Literary Bureau Manuscript Criticized and Revised Poems, Short Stories, Novels, Scenarios, Magazine and Press Articles, Sermons and Addresses. Advice on Publication Correspondence Solicited Strictly Confidential Montgomery Gregory Alain Leroy Lock ADDRESS: Box 102, Howard University, Washington, D. C. THE GRAMMAR OF ENGLISH. On the Theory That This is the First. The most abused language on earth is the English. It has been perverted in spelling, so confounded in grammar, that few even of college graduates know the correct form of words. Yet English has a grammar easier than any other language. The fault is in the books and the manner of teaching. This book is what the title indicates. 284 pages 75c. G. S. HUGHS 915 E. 55th St. Chicago, Ill. A. Selected List of the Best Books on the Race Problem may be found on the back cover of this issue Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER // It Is For Your Lodge WE HAVE IT! We manufacture Lodge Regalia for every Fraternal Society. Gash or Installment Plan. Cheapest Badge House in the Country. Catalogue for your Society FREE CENTRAL REGALIA CO. The Negro Regalia House. JOS. L.JONES. Pre*, N.	 E. Cor. 8th &amp;. Plum Cincinnati. Ohio SUIT This 	THIS FREE To Introduce Our Nobby Clothes in Your Town Free We want YO U to eetone these auits It's the very finest suit absolutely FRE E so you can show Express you ever saw. $50 couldn't it to your friends. No doubt about and buy a better one, but yoo it, you will postage can get it free, It'e made paid. to your measure from the Be The Best Dressed most beautiful cloth. Don't Man In Your Town fail to get one of these It will be a big advertisement auits. You can earn it while for us. Just to prove the you wear it and make wonderful quality, style ^ and value of our tailoring, a we make this astounding * 	$50 Week offer- Never before have we bee: able to make such a wonderful by taking orders. Drop offer; beat clothes — nobbiest us a postal for latest sam ple outfit, select the style lowest prices. fabrics—classiest styles—and you want and the cloth. Let us prove our amazing offer. We send everything $2500 A Year and free the same day your re- n, jest 13 received. Address TWO Suits tor Yourself Paragon Tailoring Co. Depi 251 Chicaro Here is the greatest opportunity you ever heard of for you to mak a BIG SALARY, a lot of money o the side, while doing other work If yon would like to make S25O0 Write a year and get YOUR OWN NOW— WANTED CLOTHES FREE, write for our aflT J wonderful offer—it's a dandy— ~ \ LTODAY style book, confidential price list, and 64 Agents for TH E CRISIS, Dignified work beautiful samples to choose from—FREE, Ths Progrw Tailoring Co., Dept. 706, Chicago 70 Fifth Avenue, New York AGENTS $60 WEEKLY EobinsonIrb]dingBathTab. Bigeeller. Costa 0 little, no plumbing, little water. Weight PPAINLESS treatment for CORNS. BUNIONS. IN BOIIH50II CABINET MFfi. CO 42-SJi Factories flldo.. Toledo. Obio GROWN NAILS, and ALL 1 other AILMENTS of the FEET. Eiamlna tion and AdTice Free. DR.	 WILLIAM J. CARTER CLOTH CHIROPODIST Telephone 1284 Audubon. 167 West 136th St., New York city. SAMPLES FREE Big selection of cloth samples— Guaranteed all-wool Sergea.new fancy^J/ * Worsteds, stylish Cassimeres, all latest ^*a% Comfort Moor Closet shades and patterns — everything good Odorless, Sanitary, Germ-proof. Can be dressers wear — Free. Postal will bring it. placed anywhere in home. A guarantee of Wo make Uno clothes tor man to healthy, sanitary conditions. individual measure, absolutely guaranteed to fit and please at prices that will astonish ABOLISH OUTDOOR CLOSET you.	 Don't buy suit or overcoat anywhere Have city conveniences. Germ-life killed instantly by at any price—until you have sot our selection of chemicals. Emptied once a month. Needs no other cloth samples, faahfon models, tape line, every attention. Boards of Health endorse. Write for literature. thing; Fr«». Stop paying- high prices for clothes. Write oulek for our imaiine suit offer. 	Agents wanted— exclusive territory 1662 Factories Bids. THE CAPITOL TAILORS.Pcpt. 121. Chieaoo.lll. COMFORT CHEMICAL CLOSET CO TOLEDO. OHIO In Scalp Treatment. No LADIES WANTED TO TAKE THE QUINO COURSE money required. Just a little time. Be our agent. Sell our goods and make money. Quino Hair Grower, 50c, Temple Oil, 75c. Try a box. Write QUINO, 636 Fogg Street, NASHVILLE, TENN. Mention TH E GAISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 8end postal today for foil In formation how to get your new suit, made to measure, witbont a penny's coat. $30 to $J0would not buy a better one. Simply wear ft,1 tell your friends where yon got it take their orders—and make $10 to $15 a Day in your Fpare time. It Is dead easy—you never sa w a nobbier Euit or amoreEtu iimner pattern, vutinvery lateetstyle. Yourchoico of 60 fabrics and32 styles. Drop aa 6 postal card forbeavy pattern book. Inside information about styles, eel f rneasuriwr blanks, etc. DON' T WAIT. We prenav TVlivery Char. Sea. Mall Postal NOW1 American Woolen Mills Co. Pe^t. 2S1 Chicago Mrs. Minnie C. Warwick NOVELTY SHOP Novelties, Dry Goods, Gents' Furnishings, Small Wares, Toilet Articles. Lingerie of all kinds in stock and made to order. Wedding outfits at reasonable rates. Agency for Mme. C. J. Walker's preparations. 178 Northampton St., Boston, Mass. The SLAUGHTER SYSTEM introducing LYDA'S HAIR BEAUTIF1ER Ouoranleed to Grow Hair In SIX TREATMENTS or Money Refunded. Price 30 cents per box. Agents Wanted. System Taught by Mall or at College. Mrs. E. Slaughter Gamble ^OOl LAVVTON AVENUE ST. LOUIS. MO. H ESPECIAL OFFER A year's subscription to TH E CRISIS will be given to anyone sending in at one time five new paid-up yearly subscriptions to TH E CRISIS. The offer holds good until midnight of March 31, 1917. MadetdVburi Otdec PANTS' Cnoria l Offer t 0 Prove our nnequal speciai unerity. TheBe flne j?anta for Dress or Business, choice of many hand some styles, guaranteed for 18 months solid wear and satisfaction or MONEY BACK, absolute $5.00 value—while they last, one pair to a customer, Express Prepaid for only $i.9S. NO EXTRA CHARGES No charge for Bit? Extreme Peg Tops, or Cuff-Bottoms, nothing extra for fancy Belt Loops or Pocket Flaps.no charge for Open WeltSeama or Lartre Sizea—all novelty features FREE—no extra charges of any kind. Cash Profits £j?°o'or»ffi«.,,,SS neighbors. Youne Nat. Spriecrs ma.le J139.00 in 30 daya. Write lor Froo »ftmplen today. Money ! CHICAGO TAILORS' ASSOCIATION Peat, 212. 5180a. Franklin strait, ChloBga. Mention Telephone 5277 Mormngsiae DR..GERTRUDE E. CURTIS SURGEON DENTIST 133 W . 135th Street New York City Tehees: {^V^ —~ HARRY E. DAVIS ATTORN EY-AT-LAW NOTARY PUBLIC 1607 Williamson Building Cleveland, Ohio Office L. D. Telephone 3297 Market Residence L. D. Telephone 5277-M Market GEORGE A. DOUGLAS COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW Rooms 613-614, Metropolitan Building 113 Market St, Cor. Washington, Newark, N. J. General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW 1020 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH ATTORNEY-AT-LAW Offices: Suite 802 Sykes Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis Minn. Te l SCTTor t Hill" Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATTORNEY ANP COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW 34 School Street Boston, Mass Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W. F. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN ATTORHEYS-AT-LAW 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. Telephone Central 3087 HARRY M. COOPER Druggists' Specialties Chemicals, Drugs and Pharmaceuticals Write jor Quotations Room 612, 58 W. Washington St. CHICAGO, ILL. SPLENDID OPPORTUNITY FOR A DENTIST desiring to locate in Philadelphia, Pa. For particulars address Frank Dawson, 1020 Chestnut Street. Valuable Formulas, Tricks, Illusions nd Household hints. in our interesting magazine for 10c two issues. SENT COMPLETE FOR CRAWFORD'S SPECIALTY HOUSE 127 West 134th St.. Dept. C NEW YORK CITY AGENTS WANTED! For our new book, Progress and Achieve ments of the Colored People. Showing the wonderful doings and new opportunities of our race, low price, many pictures, lightning seller, $10.00 per day. Ask for terms. Write quick. AUSTIN JENKINS CO., 7th St., Washington, D. C. TH E CRISIS A New Book by Dr. Du Bois THE NEGRO By W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS, author of "Souls of Black Folk," "Quest of the Silver Fleece," "Select Bibliography of the Negro American," etc. This is the authentic romance of the black man. It is a history of him at once scholarly, earnest and eloquent. He is considered from the earliest times, and the thread of his fascinating story is followed in Africa, America, and wherever else it has appeared. To look at the Negro against the background of his history is to see him in a light fairer than that in which most Americans have seen him. 256 Pages—3 Maps—Cloth Bound At the low price of 60 cents net—By mail 66 cents Dr. Du Bois's new book is the latest addition to a remarkable series of low-priced new books with which everybody should become acquainted. THE HOME UNIVERSITY LIBRARY 94 volumes now ready Published by HENRY HOLT &amp; COMPANY, 34 West 33d Street, New York Is made up of new books by leading authorities. The editors are Professors GILBERT MURRAY, H. A. L. FISHER, W. T. BREWSTER and J. ARTHUR THOMSON. Cloth bound, good paper, clear type, 256 pages per • volume. Each complete and sold separately60c. net Postage extra " A growing wonder of enterprise and sound judgment. Each volume, entirely new, is furnished by an acknowledged expert; is brief enough and plain enough to be readable or even fascinating, scientific enough to be a condensed authority —and at the nominal price of 60 cents."—Hartford Courant. SOME SELECTED EARLIER VOLUMES: EVOLUTION By J. A. Thomson LATIN AMERICA By W. R. Shepherd THE FRENCH REVOLUTION VICTORIAN LITERATURE By Hilaire Belloc By G. K. Chesterton ROME By W. Warde Fowler GERMANY OF TODAY PROBLEMS OF PHILOSOPHY By Charles Tower By Bertrand Russell EURIPIDES AND HIS AGE NAPOLEON By H. A. L. Fisher By Gilbert Murray THE CIVIL WAR By F. L. Paxson UNEMPLOYMENT By A. C. Pigou Order through the publishers or through The CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York Mention TH E CRISIS The CRISIS Book mart You can order through the CRISIS any book printed at the regular publisher's price. "The true University of these days is a collection of books."—Carlyle. n Selected list of Books These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. NATIVE LIFE IN SOUTH AFRICA. (Sol. J. Plaatje) $1.50 HAZEL. (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 TH E AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF A N EX-COLORED MAN . (Anonymous). 1.20 NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY. (Maud Cuney Hare) 1.50 A NARRATIVE OF THE NEGRO. (Leila Anios Pendleton) 1.50 SOULS OF BLAC K FOLK. (W. E. B. D U Bois) 1.25 TH E WHITE MAN'S BURDEN. (T. Shirby Hodge) 1.00 RACE ADJUSTMENT. (Kelly Miller) 2.00 HISTORY OF THE NEGRO. (B. G. Brawley) 1.25 HAL F A MAN . (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 AFTERMATH OF SLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 JOH N BROWN. (W. E. B. D U Bois) 1.25 NEGRO I N AMERICAN HISTORY. (J. W. Cromwell) 1.25 PRINCE HAL L AND HIS FOLLOWERS. (George W. Crawford)... 1.00 NEGRO CULTURE I N WEST AFRICA. (George W. Ellis) 2.00 TH E NEGRO. (W. E. B. D U Bois) 60 TH E EDUCATION OF TH E NEGRO PRIOR TO 1861. (Carter G. Woodson) 2.00 FACTS OF RECONSTRUCTION. (John R. Lynch) 1.50 LIFE AN D LETTERS OF COLERIDGE-TAYLOR. (W. C. Berwick-Sayers) 2.25 MASTERPIECES OF NEGRO ELOQUENCE. (Alice Moore Dunbar, Editor) 2.50 POEMS OF PAU L LAURENCE DUNBAR 2.00 AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (H. E. Krehbiel) 2.00 OUT OF THE HOUSE OF BONDAGE. (Kelly Miller) 1.50 BOOKER T. WASHINGTON. (Emmett J. Scott and Lyman Beecher Stowe) 2.00 Address, TH E CRISIS, : : : : : 70 Fifth Avenue, New York