The Freewoman , made THE Freewoman A WEEKLY FEMINIST REVIEW No. 13. Vol. I. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY  15, 1912 Threepence Registered at G.P.O. as a Newspaper. Joint Editors: DORA  MARSDEN, B.A. MARY GAWTHORPE CONTENTS Daughters of Ishmael 241 The  Seneschal. By Selwyn Weston 242 The White Sea. By E. H. Visiak 242 Topics of  the Week 243 Where Women Work. II.—Teaching. By Various Hands 245 Aphorisms.  By Charles J. Whitby, M.D. 247 Sex and Civilisation. By E. S. P. Haynes 247 Labour Notes. Annus Mirabilis. By G. L.Harding 248 The Gospel According to  Mrs. Humphry Ward. By Rebecca West 249 Correspondence: Concerning "The  Drudge" 251 The Difficulties of the Working Mother 251 Two Practical  Suggestions 252 Asceticism and Passion 252 Correspondence—continued: Continence and Marriage 252 Utility to What End? 252 David Graham Phillips 253 Population and the Food Supply. By Dr. Drysdale 253 King's College for  Women. By Rona Robinson, M.Sc 255 Luang Sawat, B.A. By B. A. S. 257 The  Eternal Amateur. By T. Baty, M.A., LL.D. 259 DAUGHTERS OF ISHMAEL. I HAVE just read the American book of Reginald W.  Kauffman, "The Daughters of Ishmael." It is said that a quarter of a million  copies of this book have been sold in America. If this is true, it means a  vast modification in the social structure of America. This book is not "La  Dame aux Camélias." It is another story. It is not a book. It is rather a  vertical section cut through a stratum of life which has become suddenly  germane and similar to the life which is our own. So the review must wait,  for the concentrated passion of sheer truthfulness of this book leaves, at  the moment, nothing to be said. It has established its own tale—clear-cut,  self-defined, self-supporting. I suppose this is the reason why, the  horrific tale told, one is not haunted with the story, but rather with the  infinitely more horrible story, of which no word is uttered, but upon whose  existence the naturalness of the told tale testifies at each syllable. It is  now part of our living experience to know how starvation and misery can  drive women from trench to trench, until at length they are willing goods  for sale in the petroleum-reeking hell of a cut-throats' den. This we now  understand, and we can imagine, at least, that the moment is fast  approaching when a State will as readily harbour in its limits polluting  hordes of plague-stricken rats as tolerate the presence of poverty so dire  as this which enforces and then blinks at such sales. It is to be noted that  of all the women Kauffman places in his gallery there is not one that, at  the outset, money would not have saved. He shows no Marguerite Gautier. Is  hers another story? or do we not remember a time, far back, when a little  girl, Marguerite, was taken into the streets—by her mother—to beg, and ...?  Perhaps it is the same. As far as women are concerned, therefore, the  problem of the Daughters of Ishmael is comparatively easy. It appears to  have to deal with environment largely. Whether exclusively or not, only the  alteration of environment can tell. They, because of their dire need, are  willing to supply a demand which seems always to be there. And this is the  matter we are left speculating upon, though Kauffman says not a word  regarding it—this question of the permanent demand. Cut off the supply, and  the demand remains, we suppose. So, a new supply and a fresh social sore?  However that may be, it is now becoming clear that thousands of years of  inculcated practice have been adequate to the production of male and female  of the human species with impulses, in this respect so different, that it is  only with difficulty that they can conceive of the mental condition one of  the other. Of the women who read "The Daughters of Ishmael" the comment will  be that they understand those who sell, but they do not understand those who  buy—not under such grossness, such brutish conditions. And of the men who  read "The Daughters of Ishmael"_ what of their comments? We do not know.  Mere statistics make it fairly certain to say that the majority of men, at  one time or another, have had some share in this traffic. If the statement  that seventy-five per cent. of men have at one time or another suffered from  a certain kind of disease can be made—a statement which we noticed passed  wholly without challenge a few weeks ago—if such is the case, the inference  which women may draw is obvious. Men, it appears, while demanding a  monandrous womankind, are largely impulsive, promiscuous, and polygynous.  Women, having mean- 242 THE FREEWOMAN February 15, 1912 while become  essentially monandrous, are awaking to a realisation of the different nature  of men. How are these two going to make terms on such differing bases? Can  they make peace on such fundamental differences? It is a fixed certainty  that women never will. There is only one thing that women have learned to do  in a thorough and abandoned fashion, and that is to love; and their entire  conception of love stands in the way of an easy acceptance of polygyny. Love  is jealous. All love is. We all expect love to return, like a boomerang,  back to the source from which it springs. Men do. Indeed, it is not  conceivable that a man would condone promiscuity in the woman he loved and  who professed to love in return, and this for far less material reasons than  those which suggest the possibility of his becoming chargeable with  responsibilities which he had not himself undertaken. It is due to his grasp  of the exclusive nature of love, of which jealousy is nothing more than a  sign. Jealousy is combined anger and fear, at and for the threatened loss of  something which is not only valued, but whose value finds itself, in large  part, in the fact that it is one's own. Hence, there is the germ of an Angel  Clare in every man, and in every woman this germ has its counterpart. It is  the handicap which is twin to every virtue. The real bitterness between the  sexes finds its grounds in jealousy. A man, on however slight grounds, is  free to procure an outlet for it. A woman, on no matter what grounds, is  bidden by discretion to smother it. So fundamental a characteristic of love  is jealousy that, were women sure of a livelihood, discretion might whistle  for all the effect it would have when jealousy was afoot. Still, all has not  been as well in love for men as has appeared. They have, indeed, been spared  the rod, but the result has been the one indicated in the proverb. They have  been deprived of the immediate incentive and consequences in the sphere of  passion, with the result that passion has remained with the majority of them  mainly an impulsive physical affair, capable of being roused by next to  nothing, and of being satisfied with about as much. This alone explains the  possibility of that promiscuity among men which is so foreign to women (the  scapegoats—the Ishmaelites—excepting). In youth there was put before him no  incentive to restraint. Whatever his record, numberless women, all "pure,"  would be there from whom to pick and choose whenever he so decided. He was  asked no questions. In marriage it was quite accepted that his love would  cool, because, forsooth! the primitive physical impulse had been satisfied.  Proceeding, therefore, from satiety to boredom, he might then go on to any  number of impulsive affairs, always provided that such affairs were  contracted with persons of a lower station in society than his own. No voice  was raised against him, either by Church, Society, or State. His was a  recognised mode of living; and such a man would have been acceptable to  almost any woman, so far as character was concerned. With the woman, the  order has been reversed. She has known it a financial necessity to marry,  and in order to marry her "purity" must be strictly maintained—no matter at  what physical and mental cost. So, "pure" she remains before marriage, and  "faithful" she becomes after marriage—otherwise the law will expel her from  Marriage. Consequently, were not women "restrained" and "pure," it would be  a proof that the human species did not lend itself to this kind of virtue,  for it has been inculcated in them by every natural and artificial  incentive, and reinforced by every natural and artificial kind of deterrent  against nonconformity. Men, on the other hand, have been encouraged to let  impulses run riot, and if now men's untrained passions threaten the life of  the race, it is not easy to say whether it is men's fault or women's.  Women's restrained qualities are certainly due to the fact that men's  demands were high. Had women's demands on men been equally high, there would  not be prostitution of the kind we know to-day. It becomes clear that women  will have to do for men that harsh service which men have done for women,  that is, to provide them with incentives and social reward for monogyny. The  first will be partially effected when women have established the custom of  demanding, as well as themselves providing, a certificate of health from any  man with whom they intend to "marry." It will make an enormous difference to  mere impulsive conduct in youth to know that a man's health and the kind of  life he has led will have a direct bearing on his plans and chances of  success in the future. In the second place, in marriage, legal or otherwise,  it is time women expected from men the same "faithfulness" that men demand  from their "wives." No man would tolerate in his wife the "little  indiscretions" that a woman tolerates in a husband, and when wives imitate  husbands—not so much in their unfaithfulness as in their method of dealing  with unfaithfulness—a vast change for good will have been effected. THE SENESCHAL. This place is hallowed with the scent of her, And I know she  has passed this way,— Long time ago, maybe—perhaps a year— I nought know of  a yesterday, For Time flies fast, they say, With Remorse at the heels of  him. But what does it matter, now that I may not rise To the place where she  is to-day; That I have gone from gazing in her eyes To lie—where that other  lay? What does it reck, I say, That the scent of her yet lingers? Selwyn  Weston. THE WHITE SEA. O that magnific sea, Whose waves, like flame of snow,  Roll through eternity! The waters leap and glow; The moored ships eager  strain, Each at her iron chain; The captains wait the Day- - Till all be  shipped, no bark must weigh (If one remained, what joy could be?). But it is  Paradise, I wis, To gaze on such a sea as this, Dreaming of discovery! E. H.  VISIAK. February 15, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 243 TOPICS OF THE WEEK Woman Suffrage. ON the eve of  the King's Speech, which will be declared before this issue appears in  print, it is useless to speculate as to the exact terms in which the  references to the New Reform Bill will be made. It is undoubted that recent  events have raised women's expectations in regard to female enfranchisement  to the point of certainty. The rumour, to which we referred last week, that  Sir Edward Grey is to be Mr. Asquith's successor, has been strengthened by  the signal honour which has been conferred upon him by the King during the  last few days, and such a development of affairs would make a wide measure  of Woman Suffrage inevitable. As one of the strongest and sincerest  supporters of Woman Suffrage, Sir Edward Grey, whether he should lead the  Liberal party in the House of Lords or in the House of Commons, would make  his views and those of Mr. Lloyd George paramount on Woman Suffrage. Also,  there is no member of the existing Liberal Cabinet, with the exception of  Sir Edward Grey, who could give the impression of "safeness" to the  Government which is Mr. Asquith's chief recommendation in the eyes of his  party, and the only one, therefore, who could reduce to a minimum the  falling away of support which naturally follows changes in the leadership of  a government, nominal or otherwise. What is quite clear is that the  Lloyd-Georgian influence with which Sir Edward Grey is associated has become  infinitely stronger during the last few weeks. This has been largely on  account of his straightforward and unambiguous declarations in regard to  Woman Suffrage, and that his influence should have increased so rapidly as  to alter the tone and attitude of his followers appears a welcome proof that  party support will be available for the Suffrage measure. The general  question of Woman Suffrage being, therefore, in so hopeful a position, we  can very fittingly examine the possible conditions under which a Radical  Government can confer the measure. During the last three years the demands  of Women Suffragists themselves have altered from a demand for votes for  women on the terms granted to men under the existing franchise—a demand  enfranchising about one and a quarter million women—to a demand under the  so-called Conciliation Bill seeking votes on the municipal basis—a demand  which would have enfranchised about a quarter of a million less; then the  demand shrank under a still further restriction in the prospective new  Conciliation Bill, to -a demand for a householder franchise merely. In view  of the proposed introduction of the Reform Bill, Suffragists are now for the  first time, in anything like seriousness, demanding Adult Suffrage, and,  from the tones of many of them, they are affrighted at their own daring. It  is an enormous undertaking; but, fairly looked at, Adult Suffrage is the  only form of Woman Suffrage under which women workers would get any look in  at all. The municipal, or householder, franchises would enfranchise only the  tenders of the home, who, though undoubtedly belonging to the poorer classes  in an overwhelming proportion, belong chiefly to the class of women whose  outlook is limited by the narrow confines of the home. Even should there be  added to this the franchise conferred in virtue of marriage (a quaint enough  proposal), it would still leave out the main body of women workers, an  arrangement which is unsatisfactory in the first degree. We believe that  both Mr. Lloyd George and Sir Edward Grey could be convinced very easily of this view regarding women workers. Such being the case,  Suffragists very naturally are at a loss to know where to "draw the line,"  if line is to be drawn short of Adult Suffrage. There are, indeed, no  stopping-places between Household Suffrage and Adult Suffrage, save  arbitrary ones erected round distinctions of class and sex, and irritating  anomalies of registration—all distinctions of the precise kind which it is  the raison d'être of the new Reform Bill to destroy. Let us, then, have a  clean sweep. We look to Mr. George and Sir Edward Grey to safeguard the  interests of the women workers in the coming session, and, in view of their  enthusiastic beliefs and determination, expressed only a few weeks ago, we  believe we look to those who are not only able, but willing, to undertake  this serious responsibility. On Affirmations. A well-wisher and helper of  our paper has sent us a communication, in which he makes the following  criticism of the freewoman: "I have had a good look into each number, and  would like to make some suggestion. It seems to me that the general tone of  it is not constructive enough. It is very easy to throw mud at a statue.  Anyone can do that. But the point is, whether we can produce a more  beautiful statue. I do not mean to suggest that I am satisfied with present  social conditions, but I wish to say that I think it would be wise for you  to encourage more constructive work, and to decline to publish the  correspondence that is chiefly mud-throwing. Unless the paper adopts a more  affirmative tone.. ." Exactly so—-Affirmative tone! Affirmative of what?  There's the rub. Our dogma or yours? Neither, yet a while, an it please you.  The free-woman makes one great Affirmation just here and now, and it is  this: There is more to be said, of bad and good, of shade and light, than  the pure and good and lofty-living seem to have dreamt of; and Neither, yet  a while, an it please you. the free-woman are endeavouring to live to say.  For what other is our existence than to take the tangled skein of life and,  where the knot is closest, carefully to take the strands apart? This is our  interest in life. The sudden jerk which is Affirmation, and the drastic cut  which is Denial, at this moment is the work for other hands than ours.  Affirmation and Denial made absolute have no interest for us, as we hoped  would have been clear from our own limited measure of affirmation. What  could we have meant by "A Plea for Psychology" save an appeal for toleration  of individual affirmation? What could we have meant by our remarks on Joy,  except that where many see only a sink of hideousness and final death, we  see the gropings after joy and a more abundant power of life? To show what  we mean: Another of our correspondents of this week, a woman, unmarried and  under thirty, writes to say that the practice of complete chastity has had  no untoward influence on her physical and mental health. If it has had any  influence at all, it has been influence for good. This is an affirmation,  simple, direct, and bearing the cachet of truth. We publish it with  pleasure; and at the same time we publish this, that we, women, unmarried  and under thirty, from half a life's experience, affirm that the practice of  complete chastity has had an incontrovertibly untoward influence on both  mental and physical health. Which is another affirmation. Again, to show our  meaning: One man this week, writing concerning an "ethnic Society," states  that he belongs to a union which seeks totally to 244 THE FREEWOMAN February  15, 1912 eliminate all sex considerations from among its members, because  it suits their temperament so to do. Another man writes to say that by means  of adopting a diet which he detests, and by occasional blood-letting, he can  maintain chastity, but only with a consequent loss of energy which affects  his remaining energies. Hence our slowness to put forward pious and  generalised affirmations. the freewoman stands for the variety, the joy, and  the individualness of life. It is connected only with the cause of women,  because we believe women lack many of the opportunities for securing  varied-ness, individuality, and joy. Our work at present appears to be quite  as much in the sphere of staying general affirmations until such time as we  are more aware of the nature of the thing of which we affirm, as it is to  advance a few obvious economic and political truths. The purest and truest  individual affirmations, generalised, rapidly become festering lies. When we  understand more what is in the minds of one another, we can affirm more.  Till then, affirmations are a snare. Browning has it in one of his poems:  "Ten men love what I hate." What will they do with the eleventh man?  Suppress him? Or suppose the eleventh man procures power, what will he do  with the ten? Coerce them? There, in a line's space, we have the complete  problem of a various and differing community, struggling for and against a  uniform government. This is the problem of all government, if it be not  government in a community of sheep. It is odd that it should be so, but so  it is. Nature, which has born us all, is varied enough, whimsical enough,  averse sufficiently from producing replicas, and yet our whole theory of  living together is based upon our highly questionable sameness, instead of  upon an acceptation of our infinite differences. It is strange. All that  differs from the straight line of Up and Down we hold to be wrong,  perverted, and unnatural. If ever we are to know more of the nature of the  human heart, we shall have to muster the courage to listen to any tale  sincerely told, and be prepared to grant during the listening that the tale  told has the naturalness of our own. So when we meet the man who speaks a  message persistently, out of season and in, it is our best wisdom to take  note of him and listen. He is worthy, for such a man is unlike the majority  of men. And this is his difference. In his heart there is one spot which  gives him no respite, save when he is speaking his message. It is his  individual revelation of life, and we can escape accepting it from him only  in two ways. We can refuse to listen. We can have ears and hear not, or,  listening, we can overcome his revelation by speaking out our own in like  terms. We can (if we are able) take his one note and find its place in our  symphony. We can absorb his in a larger truth. We can carry our individual  revelations as we would carry lamps, and according to their radiance will  their power and truth be known. We can trim our lamps to make them outshine  those of our neighbours; we can hold them high to give them a better  vantage; but we cannot, or will not, lend ourselves to lamp-breaking and  light-snuffing. Light, and more light, we need, anyone's light, even though  it be merely a flicker, and, welcoming all, we believe the candle flame will  not need to be extinguished to prove the brighter radiance of the electric  arc. Perhaps our friend would courteously imply that our own opinions shine  but feebly. That is fair criticism, and we will try to make amends; but it  is not fair to suggest that we should exclude the correspondence, ably put,  of others. That, to us, is lamp-snuffing. In brief, it is the argument of  those who are unsure. AN APPEAL. WITH its next issue The freewoman will have  completed the first three months of its existence. The record and prospects  of the paper have just been carefully gone into, and the proprietors of the  paper, Messrs. Stephen Swift and Co., in view of the living interest which  the paper has aroused amongst thinking men and women, have decided that the  existence of The freewoman shall be continued. This continued existence,  however, constitutes a very considerable financial loss each week. This,  perhaps, is what might be expected in the early life of any journal of  serious import, but the editors feel that in view of the remarkable interest  which has been shown, there is no real justification for the weekly loss  continuing. In view of the financial support accorded us by our publishers,  a support but rarely extended to philosophic journals of a revolutionary  nature; in view of the contributions so readily given for the sake of their  message; and in view of the energy which has been unflagging on the  editorial side, we feel we are justified in making a very special appeal to  the fourth party concerned in the paper, i.e., the general reader of The  Freewoman. We ask that every existing reader should get at least two new  subscribers, and so break the strain which at present weighs upon our  financial resources. We ask for this individual effort because it is not  possible, even were the means to hand, to adopt conventional methods of  advertisement, as The Freewoman can never find its readers among the general  public. We feel that the only feasible method is to rely upon individual  recommendation of the merit of the paper. As we have complaints daily from  readers regarding the difficulty of getting the paper regularly and  promptly, we beg that those who have difficulty in securing the paper will  become direct subscribers from the publishing office. Those to whom it is  not possible to become subscribers, we ask to become more persistent in  their demands upon the bookstall and newsagents. SUBSCRIPTION FORMS.  Subscript on Forms and Contents Bills for display will be forwarded with  much pleasure to any reader who is able to help in this manner. Such help  will be very greatly appreciated. "FREEWOMAN" CLUBS. It has been pointed out  to us by friendly critics that The freewoman contains each week matter so  highly debatable, and of such serious human import, that it is difficult to  digest all that it contains, and to find one's bearings, in view of the many  articles which express opposing points of view. It has been suggested,  therefore, that freewoman clubs, or informal gatherings of men and women,  should be started for discussions, of which the weekly freewoman would form  the basis. Of this suggestion, coming from several readers, we highly  approve, and pass it on to other readers for their consideration. Editorial  address: 9, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C. February 15, 1912 THE  FREEWOMAN 245 Where Women Work. II.-TEACHING. HAVING set forth at some  length the reverse side of the story of elementary teaching from the one  usually told under our heading, we next proceed to discuss the outlook of  what is usually called the secondary teacher. The terms are unhappy ones,  since the latter body of teachers quite often would appear to suppose the  word "secondary" to apply to some mental or moral condition of a superior  kind. An elementary teacher to them is an "elementary person"—a person, one  would gather, of a primitive stage of development —while in the mouth of the  elementary teacher the "secondary person" is one who comes second in  importance, a by-product, in fact. This lack of understanding and attitude  of intolerance is productive of untold harm to the cause of education, and  to the specific cause of the teacher. The remedy lies in the teachers' own  hands. They must resolutely live down this mutual contempt and realise that  all education is one—that the distinction between the primary and the  secondary schools should only be the distinction caused by the different  stage of development of the pupils, and that an intimate correlation of  studies and a full knowledge of and sympathy with one another's methods  would lighten the work of both sections of the profession. Moreover, the  secondary teacher stands to lose most by this disunion. United with the  teachers in the primary schools, they might hope to achieve greater  educational reforms, and, incidentally, to procure better terms of service  for themselves. Education will never be carried on on intelligent lines  until there are great meetings of teachers of all grades and positions,  earnestly seeking to discover—personal prejudice being entirely put on one  side—the best methods of education of the race and the best means of using  the teacher to the limit of her capacity, as well by storing as by expending  her energies. Secondary teachers, however, suffer from lack of organisation.  The societies and unions that are at their disposal do not touch the  interest and command the attention of the people they profess to "unite" as  does the National Union of Teachers, the organ of the elementary teachers.  It is true that the N.U.T. has recently invited the formation of a secondary  branch, but we do not at present anticipate any great results from this. The  secondary teacher of to-day would consider such a membership entirely infra  dig., and would lose caste with her own kind by joining the Union. The  secondary teacher, therefore, faces the world alone for all practical  purposes. Perhaps it is owing to this that their average rate of salary is  even lower than that of the members of the elementary profession. Yet the  expense of preparation has been greater, the education wider, and the  desires created more difficult to satisfy. The salaries, in fact, are quite  incommensurate with the cost of the education necessary. The woman who  becomes a secondary teacher generally drifts into her profession in a  somewhat casual way. She is a bright girl at school, she wins a scholarship  perhaps, or her parents think it worth their while to spend further money on  her, and so she proceeds to the university or college affiliated to the  university, or she goes abroad to acquire a language or two. She throws  herself with feminine whole-heartedness into her work. She becomes immersed  in it, and lives for the present. Then she discovers that she must "be"  something. Unpleasant discovery! She had hitherto resolutely refused to  think of life as being anything but college life. Now, therefore, she crams  in work for a teaching diploma at the end of her course, and leaves college  with various qualifications. But she has never yet taught in any responsible  manner, and therefore does not yet know if she is suited for the profession.  We all remember the story of Gissing's early days, which runs on these  lines. People without the talents of a Gissing may spend their college days  in an equally unproductive manner from the point of view of obtaining  qualifications, and may find that that very youthful ardour which spent  itself on the pursuit of knowledge in fields which really allured has been  rewarded thus harshly. The teacher who is most successful, from the  professional point of view, in the secondary world (including all branches)  is she who at college discovered no preferences except those which ran in  the groove of "examination work," and who never allowed the fires of youth  to rise higher than the practical, calculating, look-to-the-future sagacity  of the student deemed safe. A good "all-round" student has an assured future  compared with that of the erratic young adventurer, scorning the examination  limits, bent on realising her own possibilities. This because of the slavish  respect paid to mere academic successes by most head teachers and by all  Education Committees. The fact that at eighteen—the usual age of entering  college—the girl does not know her own bent, and when requested to select  her course of studies does not hit upon those which she afterwards finds so  engrossing, is a difficulty which might be met by greater pliancy in  university schemes. Moreover, in no profession, we imagine, is the paying  power of the parent more highly regarded. To have struggled for a footing is  ever a crime. A prosperous parent paying for a training in a well-known  school, and afterwards, with equal ease, for a prolonged university career,  is an asset compared with which determination to rise, triumph over the  obstacles of a bad start, poverty, and the like can only hide their  diminished heads in despair. Secondary posts may be obtained by women in  private schools, in schools run by the Education Committees of County or  Borough Councils, or in high schools. In all, as we have already stated, the  remuneration is low compared with the amount of intellectual attainment  required and the length and expensive nature of the training. It is by no  means unusual for private schools to advertise for a graduate knowing one or  more foreign languages, having a university education and a teaching  diploma, and to offer her £80 if non-resident, or £40 to £50 if resident.  The fees paid by the pupils may be anything from £50 to £200 per annum. It  is unthinkable that any man with these qualifications should have his  services rated at so low a value—nor would he endure it, which fact is a  lesson to women. The schools managed by local bodies pay better, though not  well, except the secondary schools of the L.C.C., where the salary of an  assistant ranges from a minimum of £120 to a maximum of £220— not a vast sum  truly, but one which compares well with most other scales. The average  salary of the secondary schools under other Education Committees of Great  Britain is about £100 to £110 per annum. Lastly, the high schools are to be  considered. Some are private high schools, and some have been taken over by  the local Councils. Others, however, 246 THE FREEWOMAN February 15, 1912 are  the property of limited companies! The idea of an educational institution  which is also a profit-making machine for those not engaged in the work is  truly an amazing one, nor can one be surprised that the Girls' Public Day  School Company, Ltd., and kindred bodies do not lead the way in munificence  or consideration towards their teachers. The maximum salary for a university  woman would appear to be about £120. Most teachers earn considerably less.  There is no "scale," no regular increase, and often no increase at all. The  grievances of the teachers, either as educationists or as women earning  their livings, can only be laid before a body of men, to whom the  consideration of profit comes before any good of pupil or of teacher. In  these limited company schools, and in the privately owned schools, there is  no security of tenure. Personal reasons merely may cut a teacher adrift from  a private school, while considerations of cheapness or economy may throw the  whole staff of a school run on profit-making lines into the ranks of the  unemployed. From these ranks it is ever increasingly difficult to rise. The  paucity in the number of professions open to educated women makes the supply  of secondary teachers vastly greater than the demand. It is no unusual thing  for two hundred applications to be sent in for a post valued at about £120  per annum! After forty it is increasingly difficult to obtain employment.  Capable young women are "out of a post" for months at a time. What, then, of  the woman over forty? Even if the post for which she has applied is not  already filled before the advertisement was published, by someone with  "influence," any weary committee will be only too glad to find a reason for  eliminating her from among the aspirants to a post for which they have such  an overwhelming number of applicants. From this number of applicants arises  the searching and innumerable questions to be answered by the candidates for  these posts. No man in any of the other professions would submit to be thus  catechised. Men and women are paid very unequal salaries, the men's maximum  often doubling that of the women. This is the case, too, in mixed and dual  schools, where, though men and women work side by side and fulfil exactly  the same duties, the salaries are never equivalent. These schools also are  dangerous to women professionally, since there is almost always (we believe  there are one or two exceptions) a man as the head teacher, and thus the  chance of women's obtaining headships is considerably lessened, and with it  the one hope of obtaining a really respectable salary of, say, £250 to £600.  Thus the Council secondary schools are seen to pay more, but then the hours  are longer and the holidays shorter. Where the strain is so great this is an  important consideration. In the actual teaching life we encounter the  problems aroused by working for "results." Most secondary schools are  examination ridden. All other considerations are made subservient to this  one. For this purpose pupils are crammed with unsatisfying and uneducational  facts, and the teacher must, perforce, do the cramming. Year after year she  must pursue her undeviating task of sending her pupils in for the university  locals or for matriculation. Year after year she struggles with the "portion  set" in her subject. She scrambles through the right number of books of  Euclid, or rushes faster than an express train through the countries to be  "done" for the geography paper. Every holiday she has is marred during its  first weeks by the reaction after the strain of "school examinations" and  subsequent corrections. And her reputation stands or falls by the "results."  If she gets her pupils through, she is a good teacher. If she does not do  so, then, by a similar process of reasoning, she is a bad one. The number of  subjects tackled, the brief time appointed for each, the uselessness of much  of the instruction given, the unwieldy bulk of the "portion set," make  "cram" inevitable and "education" impossible. The brains of teacher and  taught are equally stultified in this atmosphere. This we say deliberately  in the face of the fact that success in examinations seems to be an  essential to the girl's after-life. That it should be so is an anomaly and a  blot on our whole educational system. It is, moreover, ruinous to the health  and temper of teacher and pupil. The size of the classes is too great.  Twenty-five to thirty is the number usually put into a class. Secondary  education under these circumstances can partake little of individual  teaching and assistance. There is scant time for the study of the character  of the pupils where thirty girls must each and all be prepared for  examinations. Yet it is just this individual knowledge and interest which  would give both pupil and teacher a brighter outlook, a more sure feeling of  accomplishing "something," and that an interesting "something," which  teaching should afford. There is no pension provided for the secondary  teacher. (The L.C.C. are almost alone in this respect.) She has to look  forward to an old age entirely without support, except such as she has been  enabled to wring for herself out of her insufficient salary. Under the  Insurance Bill she will, moreover, be worse off as regards absence for  illness, for most employing bodies pay their teachers for any reasonable  period during which they may be away for ill-health; but the vast majority  of this body of women will come under the administration of the Act, and  will probably, unless their employers are extraordinarily generous, in  future receive as sick pay 7s. 6d. per week instead of their customary  salaries. It is more than improbable, moreover, that they will wish to avail  themselves of the services of the doctor indicated as the one whom, under  the Act, they may consult. Such women, as a rule, are fastidious in the  choice of medical men, and may prefer to consult women doctors. And what is  to be done for all these grievances, for we do not wish to deal out entirely  destructive criticism? We would say to all teachers, elementary and  secondary, Organise! organise! See to it that you yourselves, who know what  is necessary, lay down precepts for directing the energies of the teacher.  Combine everywhere. Link up all education. Unite every branch of it.  Finally, make teaching into an independent profession, controlling the  methods of admission, regulating the supply and demand of teachers, deciding  on and working for suitable hours, schemes of work, salaries, and pensions.  Do away with all distinctions of "primary" and "secondary." Treat education,  in short, as a whole. Further, we advise women of education to agitate for  the throwing open of all professions to women, so that the idea that  teaching is the sole means of livelihood of the cultured woman may be  dispelled, and that, therefore, only those who really have a "vocation" may  become teachers. Lastly, let women take courage and show confidence in  themselves, and let them demand, among other things, a good and reasonable  wage, and one equal with the man's for the same work. Let them remember that  "the labourer is worthy of his hire." Various Hands. February 15, 1912 THE  FREEWOMAN 247 Aphorisms. THE most startling moment in the life of every man  who lives long enough is that in which he finds himself out. If love is not  to be free, all other freedoms are meaningless and superfluous.. .. Perhaps  they are! Slavery has never been abolished: it was born with civilisation,  and will die with it. He who undertakes to fulfil all obligations may end by  fulfilling none. Every heaven costs a hell. The more one loves life the  oftener one longs for death. Some folk, if they found the door of heaven  wide open, would have scruples about walking in. In the shop where  experience is bought and sold there are no bargain-counters. What bread is  to the body love is to the soul. There are no natural rights except the  right of conquest. Man reveals the humanity of the divine, but woman the  divinity of the human. Militant anarchy is to the body-politic what cancer  is to an organism; and force is as much a remedy in the one case as the  knife is in the other. That is to say, short of absolute extirpation, no  remedy at all. Few of our misdeeds are as ruthlessly punished as our kind or  virtuous actions. The error of teleologists is not their assumption that  life has a programme, but their insistence that this programme will be  rigidly adhered to and undeviatingly fulfilled. Instinct is the wiser before  and reason after the event. Renunciation is not a duty: it is either a  godlike privilege or a painful necessity. Progress implies recivilisation:  that is to say, the slow and painful reconquest by the individual of the  powers usurped by the community. The sins of a lover are worth more than the  abstentions of a Pharisee. At the roots of every sympathy there lurks a  foredoomed antipathy. The friendship of a man who has no enemies is not of  much account. The adored gods of adolescence may become the abhorred idols  of maturity. The object of a union has been attained when each party  realises that the other is not indispensable. In all crime there is a  creative and in all virtue a destructive element. Celibacy can only be  practised by normal persons at the expense of sanity. The vices of great men  are an integral part of their equipment. You should never despise a dreamer;  he may wake up some day and astonish you. A leaven of chivalry is essential  to the true understanding of women. Show me a blameless man, and I will show  you a nonentity. The content of our lives is mainly determined by destiny;  the form we can give them ourselves. Hence morality may be called the art of  method. The end of profession is the beginning of practice. God made the  country, man made the town, and the devil made suburbs. Every human  relationship is mortal, but some few have immortal souls. Charles J. Whitby,  M.D. Sex and Civilisation. IN all recent discussion about artificial  limitation of the family the radical problem of all sex questions has never  been directly discussed—I mean the sexual difference between savage men and  wild animals on the one hand, and civilised men and domestic animals on the  other. In the one case we are dealing with creatures whose supply of food is  as scanty and precarious as their own existence from day to day, and in the  other with creatures whose staple means of existence and nutrition are  regular and, up to a certain minimum, even guaranteed, by the State or the  owner of the animal. In the one case sexual activity is naturally much less  pronounced and merely seasonal; in the other case it becomes a chronic  activity, and creates quite a different type of character and organism.  What, then, is the ordinary active and wellnourished human being to do?  There are, of course, many different types, and among less vital human  beings there is often an atrophy of sex, sometimes congenital, sometimes  perhaps the result of unnatural abstinence. There is also a distinctively  neurotic type of person, who suffers a kind of nervous collapse as the  result of any kind of indulgence, and this collapse often finds theological  expression. The normal healthy human being, however, living under civilised  conditions, may possibly abstain for certain definite purposes—e.g., for  athletic contests, or a particularly strenuous run of brainwork—-but such  abstinence is probably not beneficial as a normal practice, although it need  not in most cases be really injurious. The limitation of the family by  abstinence is clearly equivalent to complete abstinence, for all practical  purposes, and can therefore only be advocated by those who maintain the  ideal of complete abstinence. Mr. Havelock Ellis, in his last volume of the  Sex Series, has exhaustively balanced the medical evidence on the question  without being able to arrive at any very definite medical result. The  phenomena under examination are, of course, often too subtle for medical  analysis, but in some cases abstinence certainly seems to promote  perversion. On the other hand, the sociological results are plain enough to  any student of ecclesiastical history. Nearly every system of compulsory  celibacy imposed on any body of men and women—regardless of any individual  vocation—produces sexual irregularities on an enormous scale, to say nothing  of numerous perversions. In mediaeval Europe, when the duty of complete  abstinence was enjoined by the Church, and not even disputed or questioned  by laity or clergy, we find the priest requested in certain parishes to keep  a concubine. In almost every state, ancient or modern, prostitution has  avowedly been permitted or encouraged, in order to keep up the admittedly  artificial condition of chastity demanded by Christian morals. The origin of  the whole problem is not, however, entirely Christian; it is rooted in the  traditions of barbaric society. In the majority of barbaric societies sexual  activity is regarded as a dangerous indulgence which impairs other  activities. It appears to the savage much as indulgence in drink or drugs  appears to the civilised man, except that it has a mystic sanction because  the community has to go on somehow by this means. Hence we have a number of  minute and fanciful regulations in regard to sex, not unlike those of the  Early Fathers, described by Gibbon as "whimsical," and "forcing a smile from  the young and a blush from the fair." The barbaric tradition on this  important question certainly does not influence the practice of normal men  and women. If they do 248 THE FREEWOMAN February 15, 1912 not limit their  families artificially, they merely have huge families, which are often  destructive to the health of the wife, the finances of the husband, and the  prosperity of the children. But the tradition is not usually challenged in  theory, because it has a certain religious or Christian sanction behind it,  and because it also has a certain amount of common sense behind it. The  difficulty almost exactly resembles the question of drinking wine, beer, and  spirits. Here, again, the normal healthy human being is clearly no worse,  and probably all the better, for a moderate consumption of (say) wine or  beer, although a number of persons who openly or secretly drink wine, beer,  and spirits, spend their lives trying to impose restrictions on the  consumption of it by others. On the other hand, we all feel that the  consumption need not be stimulated by any vehement exhortation. It cannot be  doubted that immediately any man is off his guard, either as to the amount  of alcohol he takes, or, to take another example, the amount of money he  spends, he is cycling down a steep hill with no brakes on. He cannot safely  relax vigilance, although he may strongly resent and repudiate any  compulsion to abstinence, especially if it is imposed by persons who can  only judge others by themselves. The exact limits to be observed in all  these matters by the individual cannot be regulated by rule of thumb, and  certainly not by the State. Theoretically speaking, the problem cannot be  solved except by each individual for himself or herself. The practical  result, however, is that ordinary human adults are not going to practise an  unnatural life, especially when married, and the only alternative to the  artificial limitation of the family is the irresponsible propagation of  large families which cannot, in the poorer ranks of life, be properly reared  by the parents, and which, even in the richer ranks of life, transform the  wife into nothing but a child-bearing machine, even if her physical health  is not damaged. Freedom and toleration are the first conditions of any  useful discussion. The attacks on Dr. Drysdale originate either in mental  confusion or else in the anxiety of an anaemic, teetotal, nut-eating type of  human being to "damning" (what he calls) "sins he has no mind to." No one  wants to compel these people to give up their nuts, or unfermented drinks,  or odd habits. All that the rest of us want is to be left alone. We may live  to see ourselves degraded by such restrictions on drink as exist in  half-civilised places like the United States and Australasia, but if we  submit to this we shall only have ourselves to thank when a State inspector  calls on married couples at regular intervals. E. S. P. Haynes. "a moralist of overwhelming force."—Mr. J. L. Garvin (in the Observer).  Three Plays by BRIEUX With a Preface of 45 Pages by BERNARD SHAW and an  Autographed Photogravure Portrait of BRIEUX. The Volume contains: MATERNITY,  THE THREE DAUGHTERS OF M. DUPONT, DAMAGED GOODS, and a new version of  MATERNITY. 5s. net. Inland postage 4d. Mr. P. A. Scott James (in the Daily  News) says: "To shirk Brleux is to shirk vitally important facts In modern  life." Mr. W. L. Courtney (in the Daily Telegraph) says: "They are certainly  not meat for babes, but then there Is no reason why they should be." The  English Review savs: "Every young man should be made to read 'Damaged  Goods,' and every mother 'Maternity.'" London: A. C. FIFIELD, 13, Clifford's  Inn, E.C. Labour Notes. AN ANNUS MIRABILIS. WERE not the mood of the public one of  keenest apprehension as regards the desperate course which seems to be  shaped for the labour world in 1912, a retrospect over the annus mirabilis  we have just passed through would stand out much more saliently as highly  suggestive matter for speculation. One chapter of that miraculous year does  stand out, however, whose summary would appear much more profitable than any  forecast. That is, of course, the extraordinary growth of industrial unrest  among women. It is a remarkable fact, for instance, that by its next annual  meeting the National Federation of Women Workers will have practically  doubled its membership. Starting with an enrolment of about 9,000 organised  working women at the beginning of last year, Cradley Heath, Nottingham,  Bermondsey, and a dozen or so smaller battles in this sweated workers'  rising have brought in well over 6,000 new recruits within the year, while  the skirmishes that are going on at this very moment in the Vale of Leven,  in Scotland, among the linen-workers of Belfast, and among the women tailors  of the EastEnd of London, to mention one or two at random, are filling the  ranks of organised women's labour with the strength of a rising tide. But it  is not the celerity with which this organisation is going on that is  remarkable; it is the results in actual wages and bettered conditions which  bring its justification and its index of actual progress. And I think it may  be safely said that never in recent years did working women win fruits of  agitation so secure and so substantial as during 1911. For the tens of  thousands of women who struck or were locked out all over these islands, I  find there was an average increase in wages of between 30 and 40 per cent.  Many, of course, returned with empty hands and empty hearts, many others  with concessions on paper which they and their friends know perfectly well  cannot be enforced. But the course of events was so thick with increases of  50 and even 75 per cent. that a general average, reckoned only from those  rises which are permanent and practically guaranteed, swings about midway  between 30 and 40 per cent. cash increase. And to those who know anything of  current working conditions among women in Great Britain, this subsidy, while  not exactly the purchase price of a heaven on earth, lifts thousands of  women, at any rate, out of the sordid depths of unrelieved hell. Still, this  is only the light side of the picture. The real encouragement of the year  comes not nearly so much from the net results gained, for all these fine  increases of wages are swallowed up and overwhelmed among the great mass of  workers whose conditions are stagnant or even retrograding. It is the new  spirit that is valuable, the veritable epidemic of revolt which sent its  impulsion into trades and localities where there had never been the threat  of a strike before. The general condition of the women workers stands just  as vividly in need of reform as before, but the women have come a great deal  nearer to taking the matter into their own hands. The enormous value of this  will never be realised by people who do not know how hard it is to rebel on  9s. a week. Let me offer in illustration the detailed budget of a factory  girl who manages to be independent on exactly this sum; and let it be borne  in mind what time or vitality she has left to reflect on her lot in life or  to muse on the economic disparity between what she and her mates February  15, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 249 earn and what they get. Here is the list of her  expenditures:— s. d. "*Rent of Unfurnished Room .. .. .. .. 3 0 Soap, Soda,  Blue (for washing clothes, etc., on Saturday afternoon) .. .. .. .. .. 0 2  1/2 Coal .. ., .. .. .. .. 0 06 Light .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 03 Wood  .............. 0 1 1/2 Clothes (two clubs at 6d. each) .. .. 1 0 Boots (one  club at 6d. ) ........ 0 6 Death Benefit Insurance .. .. .. 0 2 5 9 This  leaves 3s. 3d. for food, which she spends in this way :— Bread (six loaves)  .. .. .. 1 4 1/2 Tea (1/4 lb. lb ) ............. 0 3 Sugar (i lb.) .. .. ..  .. 0 2 1/2 One Tin Cheapest Milk.. .. .. .. 0 2 Dripping .. .. .......... 0  3 Bacon (for Sunday dinner) .. .. .. 0 1 1/2 Six Dinners (bread and cheese,  1 1/2d.; fish and potatoes, 1 1/2d.or German sausage and bread,1 1/2d.)0 9  Relish for Sunday Tea .. .. .. .. 0 1 1/2 3 3 5 9 Total Expenditure .. .. 9  0 The most cursory glance over this typical budget should convince us that  the slightest addition to it (such as 1d., for instance, for compulsory  health insurance) would be nothing short of deliberate cruelty. An  encouragement to thrift or saving in the face of these closely pared items  of far less than bare physical necessity is at best quite inexcusable cant.  But the fact remains, and in the light of this little budget it rises to a  miracle that women like this were rebelling last year over the length and  breadth of England—and that their revolt has only just begun. Just a final  word about the Trade Boards. Of all that attention which the Liberal  Government has paid to the harsh exigencies of the current social and  industrial situation, the overwhelming part has been directed, it is true,  rather to establishing fair principles than to guiding real reform through  the shock of deeds. Some of these principles have been worth the attention  expended on them, some have not. But, undoubtedly, the establishment of the  minimum wage principle has been signally worth while at any rate, especially  to the thousands of working women who have been its first refugees. At  Cradley Heath, besides a 75 per cent. or more increase in wages to a  guaranteed minimum of 2 1/2d. an hour, the chain-makers have succeeded in  putting by a fund of £2,000 for such advanced luxuries as a social  headquarters, educational classes and lectures for all, and the consequent  opportunity for wider advantages and an esprit de corps which few women  workers in England possess. More important still, they have stirred up the  women all through the "black country," and now the bucket and hollow-ware  makers have formed a union and are claiming a Trade Board of their own. The  case of the laceworkers of Nottingham has acted as a similar centre for  agitation and renewed courage among the working women of the Midlands. Here,  again, the legal rate of 2 3/4 d. an hour comes to the aid of some of the  most disgracefully sweated workers in England, while the successful strike  of last autumn has brought a breath of self-reliance and co-operation to  women who had nothing before but dumb compliance with their life and the  poverty of spirit which is the heritage of our relentless system. So, too,  with the 25,000 or more paper-box makers and the still larger number of  women in the tailoring * Compiled by Mr. J. J. Mallon, of the Anti-Sweating  League. trade, whose negotiations are now practically completed. The Trade  Boards Act is creating women where only drudges served before. But the  process of creation, or rather of re-creation, of living and feeling beings  where only slaves to machinery were before is a very slow one under the  guidance of a Liberal Government. What is needed to make men (or women)  themselves again is a common cause, a common ideal, and the test of a mutual  struggle. This is where the strike comes in; it is crude, if you will, and a  sorry boomerang in many of its after-effects. But it is the first expression  of a revolt that has long been delayed among the working women of Great  Britain. It is the signal of an irritation which should soon grow to a large  and resistless determination—for the matter is wholly in their own hands. G.  L. HARDING. The Gospel According to Mrs. Humphry Ward. BARRICADED from the  fastidious craftsman behind the solid Tottenham-Court-Road workmanship of  her mental furniture, Mrs. Humphry Ward has been able to preach her gospel  unappreciated by revolutionaries. This is a pity. Because Mrs. Ward reveals  to us the psychology of the clergyman class—the class which throughout the  Victorian era peopled the Church and the Universities to the exclusion of  any other. With the single exception of the scientist group, they have sent  no message of inspiration to this generation. Yet the excellent economic  position which they enjoyed, which enabled them to monopolise the Higher  Education, made it inevitable that they should leave their mark on England.  To take only one instance of their activities, they were responsible for the  beginnings of modern journalism—God forgive them! But, on the whole, they  mean very little to us—Matthew Arnold, Kingsley, Coventry Patmore, Anthony  Trollope. But it helps us to understand the House of Commons if we can grasp  their point of view: and that is most lucidly and naively shown in the works  of Mrs. Humphry Ward. Even her deficiencies are of value to the student. For  instance, at first sight it seems merely a very damning proof of the  worthlessness of Mrs. Ward's writing that she should have written her two  most pretentious works—"Robert Elsmere" and "The Case of Richard  Meynell"—about a national movement which could not exist, but a movement  which she describes as sweeping over the country and turning the hearts of  Englishmen to flame. This Modernist Movement, which aimed at regulating the  Church of England's doctrine and ritual according to the conclusions of  historical research upon the life of Christ, is alien from, not only the  Englishman, but from the human mind. Jesus of Nazareth sits in a chamber of  every man's brain, immovable, immutable, however credited or discredited.  The idea of Christ is the only inheritance that the rich have not stolen  from the poor. It is now a great national interest (not a faith), and as  such is treated with respect, and as securely protected from "modernising"  as the tragedy of "Hamlet." And although Mrs. Ward has been "turning her  trained intellect" (to quote her publisher) on the universe for nigh on  sixty years, that has not struck her. She regards the Englishman as going to  church with the same watchful eye of possible improvements as when he  attends the sanitary committee of the borough council. She does not  understand 250 THE FREEWOMAN February 15, 1912 that the Englishman, having  discovered something that, whether true or not, is glorious to the human  soul, is not going to tamper with it. This misunderstanding is so typical of  her class. For, see how in the House of Commons the respectable always try,  by encouraging mean thrift, to rob the poor of their improvidence, which,  uncomfortable as it is in its results, is nevertheless their one means of  protest against their conditions. A defect which Mrs. Ward shares not only  with her own class, but with the modern world, is her lack of Honour.  Honour, in the time of Elizabeth, was quite a lovely and sensible thing. It  was a jolly sort of code, such as holds good between skippers on the high  fine, cheerful recognition of mutual responsibilities. It bound together  those bands of pioneers as they trampled down dangers on the virgin shores  of the New World in loneliness and thirst. It made literature beautiful with  discussion of the debts of the soul. The difference between our outlook and  theirs is very well illustrated by Thomas Middleton's imperial tragedy, "The  Changeling." Beatrice, a noble lady, is betrothed to a man she hates. She  hires de Flores, a poor gentleman, to kill this man. That service done, de  Flores demands that she should become his mistress. On her refusal, he holds  the secret of their conspiracy over her head. Now, what struck the  Elizabethan about this ghastly story was not the blood-guilt of Beatrice,  nor the brutal lustfulness of de Flores, but the treachery of de Flores in  blackmailing the lady, and the nice point as to exactly how far Beatrice had  contracted these base obligations. We have travelled far from that now. For  the Englishman became spoilt by too much prosperity, and began to worry  about his soul, and, as a Puritan, reverted to savagery. For henceforth he  did not regulate his moral conduct according to Honour, but according to his  various tabus. So Honour left us, to shine only in broken reflections from  the work of our great artists. Mrs. Ward is not one of these. For an example  of her complete lack of this sense, let us turn to "Daphne." There you see,  set down without disgust, the wooing of an underbred American heiress,  Daphne, by an able-bodied young Englishman, Roger Barnes, who is frankly in  love with her money. Mrs. Ward seems to think it quite a wholesome  arrangement, even setting down in cold fact that Roger blamed his wife for  extravagance. They live an uneventful and, one might say, animal life in  England for some years, and then Daphne gets bored with Roger. She moves  over to America, and divorces him according to the kindly laws of that  country, taking custody of their only child. With a fine sense of what is  fitting, the child dies. Hence the father takes to drink, and lives with a  shopgirl. Had he been a workman who had lost his job, how disgusted and  contemptuous Mrs. Ward would have been! So, overcome by remorse, Daphne  returns to England and offers to live with him again. Then comes the one  gleam of horse-sense discernible in Mrs. Ward's books. Roger prefers to die  without the companionship of a woman he dislikes. Mrs. Ward does not see it  like that, however. It seems to her the most tragic note of all. Now, what  lesson does Mrs. Ward learn from this rather trivial story? The chief lesson  would be, one would think, that it is a bad thing that a man should eat if  he does not work; and that it is a very vile thing that a man should earn  his living by entering into a sexual relationship. But actually the only  thing it suggests to Mrs. Ward's trained intellect is that divorce is too  easily granted in America. Unmoved and undismayed, she suggests that the  rich woman and her parasite should have continued to live together until  death corrupted their mean bodies. And why? Mrs. Ward never answers that  question. She never hears it, because she does not consider that personal  relationships need the sanction of Honour. To her, all things done in the  name of the tabu of marriage seem beautiful. It may strike one in reading  "Daphne" that it shows a strange habit of mind to consider whiskey and  shopgirls as the only alternative to a happy married life. But Mrs. Ward has  a poor opinion of men, and a worse one of women, whom, with Zarathustra, she  considers "still cats and birds: or, at the best, cows." Of course, Mrs.  Ward is largely in agreement with Nietzsche—not only in this, but in her  firm belief in the Superman, whom she considers to be realised in the  aristocratic classes of this country, her contempt for democratic art, and  her voluble prejudice against Socialism. But Nietzsche's Superman is to have  quite a good time, exulting in his eternal Bank Holiday, with the wide world  for Hampstead Heath. But Mrs. Ward's characters, judging from her ideal  figure, Catherine Leyburn, would at their highest fail to enjoy the  spiritual exhilaration of a meeting of the Poor Law Guardians. Catherine  Leyburn is revealed to us in her youth and in her late middle-age in the  pages of "Robert Elsmere" and "The Gase of Richard Meynell." The  distinguishing characteristic which differentiates her from, for instance,  Isabel, in "The New Machiavelli," is her physical abandonment. On every page  her face works with emotion and is illuminated by a burning flush; once she  has slowly succumbed to the turgid wooing of Robert Elsmere, she drenches  him with tears and kisses. A spiritual upheaval is a picnic to her.  Whensoever she approaches a death-bed, one has an uneasy suspicion that she  is glad to "be in at the death." After many years of widowhood, whiled away  by the perusal of the lives of bishops, she dies as easily as she has lived.  What a life! Never once had she earned the bread she ate. She had spent her  life in thinking beautiful thoughts, in being a benign and beautiful  influence.. .. Never will Woman be saved until she realises that it is a  far, far better thing to keep a jolly public-house really well than to  produce a cathedral-full of beautiful thoughts. "Here they talk of nothing  else than love—its beauty, its holiness, its spirituality, its Devil knows  what!. .. They think they have achieved the perfection of love because they  have no bodies!—sheer imaginative debauchery!" It was of Hell that that was  said. When people plead that "Woman should stand aside from the ugly mêlée"  of things as they are, and "hold high the banner of the Ideal," which is the  usual way of alluding to Catherine's life of loaferdom, they are instructing  her in her damnation. Mrs. Ward's gospel is an easy one. If she was Mrs.  Mary A. Ward, of Port Matilda, Pa., U.S.A., it would be expressed something  like this:— Girls! Make life a joy-ride! but don't talk back to the police!  This easy gospel will give its disciples the heritage one may see in the  faces of so many "sheltered women": a smooth brow, that has never known the  sweat of labour; the lax mouth, flaccid for want of discipline; eyes that  blink because they have never seen anything worth looking at; the fat body  of the unexercised waster. And within, the petulance of those who practise  Idealism on the easiest methods: a pastime that develops the conceit of the  artist, with none of the wisdom and chastening of art. REBECCA west. February 15, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 251 Correspondence. CONCERNING "THE DRUDGE." To the editors of THE FREEWOMAN. Your article on "The Drudge" is of great  interest, and contains suggestions of much value; but I wish to dissent  fiercely from your general conclusion that the modern housewife is merely a  "cumberer of the ground," and that she must give way entirely to the  "professional mother." In the first place, you are inconsistent in  apportioning the relative values of the home mother and the "professional  mother." The former is worth nothing, though singlehanded, or with the help  of a more or less efficient nurse, she brings up a family of two, or a  dozen, citizens; the latter you would give a minimum of £200 a year for  caring for ten infants, with the help of half a dozen grown probationer  assistants. (Who, by the way, is to pay or maintain these assistants in  their training?) In the latter case I think you are no more than fair. It is  a truism among mothers and nurses that "one baby is one person's work." But  perhaps a course of psychology and ancient history will alter all that. In  the second place, while your scheme reads most attractively, it fails  considerably on being put to a personal and practical test. Any mother or  nurse will tell you that a child in its first years must sleep and be pushed  in a pram during most of the hours (say, from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.), when the  main part of the world's work is done. The most exacting demands of the  child on the nurse are made before and after those hours and during the  night, so that a mother engaged in a trade or profession during the day must  either give up her child entirely to the crèche, or exhaust herself in  double labour. To speak personally, I was never in love with children "as  children"—I should never have regarded myself as your suitable crèche  matron. Yet I am the "devoted" and successful mother of five children, and  would not dream of delegating my responsibility and giving up my  child-delights to another person (if I could help it). I cannot see where I,  and millions like me, "come in" in your scheme. As a matter of fact, we  don't. You wish to depreciate home life until all women are forced to take  up outside occupations, and no mother can care for her own children unless  she fosters half a dozen others in a miniature "institution." (Shades of the  Anti-Socialists who have tried to make my blood run cold with similar  pictures, and have been met—hitherto—with my amused smile!) Next, I want to  point out (my history is shaky, but I do not fear much correction) that in  the days when necessities were produced at home, the "necessities" of the  mass of the population were practically nil compared with those of modern  life. There was no middle-class. The wives of the wealthy and the farmers  carried on the interesting occupations you describe (or a selection of them)  with the assistance of an army of dependent maidens. The mass of the people  satisfied primitive cottage wants much as our own poor do now, with the  addition, perhaps, of a spinning wheel and a baking-oven. Again, you call  the women of those days "producers," and of these, "non-producers." How many  men are nowadays, in a civilised country, "producers" in the real sense of  the word? And what is the first "product" necessary to a nation, if not  healthy children? The bearing of children is no doubt instinctive and  mechanical in itself, but it entails much self-sacrifice (even though more  or less compulsory), and if we are to progress from the animal it must  entail more and more preparation and pre-natal training of mind and body. In  fact, maternity always has been and always will be a heavy burden on  womanhood, because what we give up in quantity must be made up in quality,  and child-bearing must lose its present casualness. In looking at the  problem of the mothers' independence "from all sides," how is it that you  ignore State endowment? Only because, I suppose, you have taken up the  attitude that the bearing and rearing of children is not worth  "independence." From your point of view, I suppose State maintenance would  be charity. But without it I see no possibility of your crèche scheme  working practically. We need a number of things before woman's economic  independence, in my opinion, becomes possible without danger.  Fnfranchisement, efficient training for mothers, with State endowment;  efficient training for other workers, and an open field; a half-time system  for working mothers; your crèche system; and— if still necessary—the legal  right of a mother to a proportion of the father's earnings. It is not fair  to call this last "employment of the wife by the husband." You forget that  the man is paid on the supposition that he has a wife and family to share  his wages, and that the work of the wife and mother in the home sets free  the faculties and energies of the husband (and children later on) for what  is called the "higher work." I contend that if she fulfils her duties in  creating a home of a minimum standard of health and happiness, she is  entitled to economic independence as a return. Leave the "home" in peace,  after removing unnecessary work from it, and providing communal amusements  for the family; and leave your crèche to be run by the childless woman who  loves children, for the benefit of the unsuitable or unwilling mother. "HOME-WORKER." [The following comments may elucidate a number of points upon  which our correspondent holds opinions differing from ours: — 1. The  "professional mother" must be an efficiently trained person educated for her  profession. She is a public servant, willing to sell her services to people  who are willing to pay. The "domestic" mother need have no further  qualification than that of being a female. Many have little more; some very  few may be the compeers of the professional mother; but if these latter are  unwilling to take up duties for which there is remuneration offered,  naturally they cannot expect a salary. 2. It appears that our correspondent  does not realise that all teachers with qualifications above a certain level  have to be maintained by their parents or guardian6 while they are in  "training," usually to the age of twentyone or twenty-two years. A  realisation of this feature will enable our correspondent to understand the  difference between the haphazard entrance into marriage and domestic  motherhood, and the careful training necessary for entering one of the  skilled professions. 3. Regarding the statement as to "double work," we  understand that all things have their compensations. If not, this statement  suggests a picture of the very long sufferings of the father. 4. We fail to  understand the restricted mother-love which has no tendency to flow over in  love for all children. We believe, and hope, that with a more strongly  developed civic consciousness this restricted love will wholly disappear. 5.  The vast army of workers to-day are mainly producers. There is, of course, a  class of idle rich who produce nothing. 6. We do not believe State endowment  of motherhood a workable proposition. A State insurance, contributory or  otherwise, would meet the needs of the situation. 7. We have heard it said  that a man is paid fancy wages, on the supposition that he is, or may be, a  father. We do not believe in its truth, however, and we detest it very  cordially, as its acceptance tends to the permanent depression of women's  wages. 8. What the domestic mother may feel entitled to as regards her  economic independence is not the point. It is sufficient for the argument to  state that she is unable to get it. It will be very obvious to our  correspondent that a separate article might be written on each one of the  above points.—Ed.] ® ® ® THE DIFFICULTIES OF THE WORKING MOTHER. to the  editors of The Freewoman. While it is true that women, if they are to be  self-supporting and to regard their work outside the home as a career and  not as a makeshift, must be helped with the supervision of their children,  it does not follow that babies should be separated from their mothers when  they are two weeks old. To begin with, such a practice would not be good for  the mothers. Ladies who can eat as much as they need, and lie on sofas  whenever they feel tired, can manage very well without nursing their  children, but women who have work to do cannot afford to take risks, and  ought to feed their babies for at least three months. In the next place, I  don't believe the editors realise what an immense undertaking they have  proposed. For the first nine months of their lives babies who are  artificially fed need pure milk—and milk of any sort is beyond the means of  families living on less than thirty shillings a week. They need a  cleanliness only achieved by cultivated people, and precautions against  infection involving a considerable amount of labour. A State that owned its  own railways and controlled its own milk supply might possibly afford these  conditions for its babies, but at present poor children who are reared by  hand have to live on a diet of bread, potatoes, and condensed skim milk,  which decreases their chances of 252 THE FREEWOMAN February 15, 1912 life by  85 per cent. Nor, when money is so badly needed for everything else, does it  seem worth while to spend it in enabling infants to be fed on cow's milk  when it is healthier for them to be fed by their mothers. I suggest,  therefore, that instead of weaning them when they are two weeks old, we  should adopt a plan already tried in Paris and Vienna, and insist that  businesses which employ women should provide a crèche where the children  could be left during work hours, and where the mothers could visit them at  proper intervals. The work of washing up and preparing bottles for even a  couple of babies seems endless, but one woman could look after a good many  if she were not responsible for their meals. Also, if the crèches were  placed under suitable regulations and properly inspected, they could be made  fit places for infants to live in, which is more than can be done with most  poor people's homes. All the same, in the long run, I do not think that any  institution should do more than supplement the work of the mother. The  editors seem to have overlooked the fact that women are fond of their  children, and find intense pleasure in personal contact with them. The great  experience of motherhood does not end when the baby is born. If the mother's  work must be lightened, as it must, let it be the cooking, and washing, and  housework that are taken off her hands. These are mechanical tasks, on a  level with factory work, and best performed by organised labour. But if when  this is done wage-earning mothers have not time and strength to enjoy their  children, the community is working them too hard, and getting more out of  them than it has any right to get. The remedy for this lies in shorter hours  and less work, not in taking the children away from the mother, who finds a  pleasure in their company, which certainly will not be found by anyone else.  A. F. [We agree with our correspondent almost entirely, especially in regard  to shorter hours of work, not only for mothers, but for everyone. But as the  work of the pioneer working mothers is to force their way, not along a path  specially prepared for them, but through existent conditions which are  directly opposed to them and their ideals, present arrangements have to be  made to suit present needs. In the future, doubtless, a State insurance for  motherhood, and crèches attached to workshops, will make the lot of the  working mother much easier than it is to-day.—Ed.] © © © TWO PRACTICAL  SUGGESTIONS. To the Editors of The Freewoman. May I beg a little of your  space to speak of two matters which are, I think, of interest to your  readers? One is brought to my mind by the articles in your paper on  "Biscuits." Is it possible for you, and for us who are your readers, to do  anything towards securing a list of trading firms which pay respectable  wages and treat their employees in a decent manner? I am convinced that many  of us would be only too glad to know of such firms, and deal with them. If  such a list cannot be obtained, perhaps a list could be compiled of those  firms which are notorious for paying sweating wages, so that we can abstain  from dealing with such. For my part, I have already forsworn Huntley and  Palmer's goods; I have written to the firm to tell them this, and I state  the fact when I go into a grocer's shop, telling the shopman that I cannot  take Huntley and Palmer's goods, and the reason. I wish all your readers  would do likewise—in time this would have an effect. The other matter I want  to refer to is anent the letter of your corsespondent Coralie M. Boord in  last week's Freewoman. She speaks of the domestic difficulties of to-day  which do so much to spoil, or anyhow uglify, married life. I agree heartily  with her on this question, but there is a solution, and a simple one,  namely, cooperative living, by which domestic labour may be enormously  lightened and beautified. Could not the readers (men and women) of The  Freewoman combine to set on foot a scheme of this kind, beginning in a small  and simple way—perhaps only with a co-operative kitchen, for a start? B.  Low. ASCETICISM AND PASSION. To the Editors of The Freewoman. I should much  like to express my appreciation of the letter by E. M. Watson in this week's  Freewoman, whose views on the sex question coincide exactly with my own. I  do hope with all the earnestness of which I am capable that the new  "morality," which would permit for women the same degrading laxity in sex  matters which is indulged in by most of the lower animals, including man,  will be choked and crushed before it grows any stronger. How can we possibly  be Freewomen if, like the majority of men, we become the slaves of our lower  appetites? This is surely a strange method of advancement and emancipation,  and I am not at all prepared to travel this road myself, thanking the new  "moralists" all the same. I am neither a prude nor a Puritan, but I am an  apostle of the practice of self-restraint in sex matters. What is it that  raises us above the brute level but the exercise of self-restraint? "What  proof," E. M. Watson asks, "is there that the abstinence of many single  women is injurious to them?" What proof, indeed? I am an unmarried woman,  nearly thirty years of age, and have always practised abstinence; and though  I am not a powerful person, I enjoy the best of health, and have never  troubled a doctor since I was six months old. My married women friends, on  the contrary, have always some complaint or something wrong. Who has not  seen the girl married at twenty almost immediately degenerate into a  nervous, haggard wreck? I deny absolutely that abstinence has any bad effect  on my health. Wishing The Freewoman all success, February 11th, 1912. Kathlyn Oliver. ® @ ® CONTINENCE AND MARRIAGE. To the Editors of The  Freewoman. It appears that to "advanced" women there is no more horrid  spectacle than a man married and happy. This is because the ideal they set  up appears to be the complete economic independence of women without  parental responsibility, their "freedom" being a desire to fulfil the  Scripture to the extent of seven women taking hold of one man. But I can  assure you that this does not constitute being Freewomen, and a decent man  be content to be "a mere fertiliser." The pity is that so many of your  contributors are either people whose shoes do not fit them, or young men  with ideas they want to ventilate. The Freewoman started well by defining  itself as having objects the reverse of Bondwomen, but how many Freewomen  will be content to become prostitution curers à la Upton Sinclair? I echo my  husband's desire to see some graduates in happy marriage, discourse in your  columns on the way it's done. A few suggestions occur to me. The way to be  happily married is a strait and narrow way. When faced with two courses of  action in one's sex relationship, choose the more difficult. Most of the  misery and nausea amongst the unhappily married is caused by their wanton  licentiousness and by the obsession of the physical. The cure for all their  troubles is not the practice of sterilisation, but the subjection of their  sexual inclinations, which will lead to their true freedom. Marriage is the  great school of continence, and continence alone produces the highest joy.  The wretched suggestion that the neo-Malthusian can choose the time and  regulate the quantity and quality of offspring is a delusion. The children  of Malthusians are accidents, whereas all children have a divine right to be  "love children," and like Walt Whitman, "well begotten and the son of a  perfect mother." I would like to know how many Freewomen are content to  sterilise their sex on account of the disease of their husbands? The  cleanliness of the sexes demands the sacrifice of these men in place of the  millions of women already sacrificed. It is noteworthy how anxious men are  to safeguard their incontinence in the coming age of the Freewomen. They are  expecting trouble, as your columns show, and by paying heed to them  Freewomen will be leaving the frying-pan for the fire. The way to joy in  love and marriage is for Freewomen to educate their mates to be at least as  free and content as tom-cats. It is a mistake for Coralie M. Boord to  suggest that a man can be truly happy apart from the happiness of his  wife.—Yours, The Wife of the Man Married and Happy. ® @ ® UTILITY TO WHAT  END? To the Editors of The Freewoman. Your correspondent "A. B." criticises  my letter in January 25th issue, and says, "All natural functions (the  italics are mine) require exercise, even when not employed on purely  utilitarian purposes." I am afraid we differ hopelessly as to the meaning of  the word "natural." Nowhere in Nature do we find an instinct implanted, or a  law without a reason or purely utilitarian purpose, and February 15, 1912  THE FREEWOMAN 253 we can never go against those laws with impunity. The sex  instinct was implanted for the purposes of reproduction. Man has sought to  use this instinct for pleasure and to avoid reproduction, and he functions  and exercises his instinct unnaturally, and so goes against Nature. This is  largely due to his artificial and unnatural way of living. Nature has  planted a living seed in man, and he deliberately kills it. Is that natural?  "A. B." laments that women are "educated in such false notions." Let him  rest assured that I was brought up properly" to believe that sex intercourse  was a necessity to men, and that the great problem was how to avoid the  natural consequences. But I loved Nature, and studied her, and she taught me  quite differently! February 7th, 1912. @ @ @ P. SHERWEN. DAVID GRAHAM  PHILLIPS. To the Editors of The Freewoman. Mr. David Graham Phillips was  born at Madison, Indiana, in 1869, and graduated from Princeton University  in 1887, when he began his career as an author. He is widely recognised,  both in the United States, in England, and in English colonies as a novelist  of power, of breadth of purpose, and of striking individuality. He was  writing for more than twenty years, and for many years made his headquarters  in New York City. There he was for some time a member of the staff of the  New York Sun, and later of the World, and he acquired the reporters'  training in keen observation which has proved so valuable to many modern  writers. Mr. Phillips was undoubtedly the most characteristic writer of  American fiction of the day, and took his work very seriously. He was  recognised among thoughtful readers, both in England and America, as a  novelist whose work bore the quality of earnestness and intelligence. He  wrote about life as we live it ourselves, and gave us the familiar and  startling and always fascinating truth about life. He was an unmerciful  critic of American Society life. Not so much for the purpose of demolishing  that which he believed to be bad, but rather to try to replace it with  something more worthy. His view was that of Balzac, Ibsen, and Tolstoi—the  view of the crusader, and he approached his task seriously as a man who  brought to it an excellent technical equipment, and whose efforts were  dignified and sincere. His latest works are "The Grain of Dust," "White  Magic," and "The Husband's Story," which were preceded by " The Fashionable  Adventures of Joshua Craig," the book which is said to have aroused the  enmity of the man who caused his death. He wrote his books between the hours  of 10 p.m. and 3 or 4 in the morning. This was a survival of the days when  he was night editorial writer on one of the New York dailies. His home was  in New York City, high up in a studio building; and he found the quiet of  the city during the night hours conducive to work. Mr. Phillips was a rapid  worker, and sometimes accomplished as much as 6,000 or 7,000 words of the  first draft of a novel in an evening. For Messrs. Appleyard and Co.,  Publishers of D. Graham Phillips' Works in England. 25, Bedford Street,  Covent Garden, London, February 3rd, 1912. [This communication was kindly  made by Messrs. Appleyard and Co., in response to inquiries from our  readers, following upon Miss M. P. Wilcocks' article, "An American Critic of  Social Values."—Ed.] THE FREEWOMAN NOTICES and TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION EDITORIAL Letters, etc.,  intended for the Editor should be addressed: 9, John Street, Adelphi,  London, W.C. Telegrams to address below. PUBLICATION All business  communications relative to the publication of THE FREEWOMAN should be  addressed, and all cheques, postal and money orders, etc., made payable to  the Publishers, STEPHEN SWIFT and CO.. LTD., 10, John Street, Adelphi,  London, W.C. Telegrams to "Lumenifer, London." Terms of Subscription  :—Yearly, 14s.; Six Months, 7s.; Three Months, 3s. 6d.; to any address in  the Postal Union. ADVVERTISEMENTS All orders, letters, etc., concerning  advertisements should be addressed to the Manager, THE FREEWOMAN, 9, John  Street, Adelphi, London, W.C. Population and the Food Supply. THE discussion upon the birth-rate question,  after touching upon a large number of questions relating to marriage,  prostitution, and hygiene, shows signs of concentrating upon the basic  principle of Malthus itself—that uncontrolled population, if not checked by  war or disease, must always lead, in a comparatively short time, to  insufficiency of food, and that in most civilised countries the  over-production of life results in a continual shortage of subsistence. I  had hoped to have spared your readers and myself the demonstration of this,  the most supremely important principle in the whole of sociology, and to  have contented myself with pointing out the obvious advantages to women of  moderate families; but, as half the correspondence in your last number is  devoted to this subject, I suppose that your readers desire the matter to be  thoroughly threshed out, and I can assure them that none of the objections  brought up present the slightest difficulty to anyone who has thoroughly  mastered the subject. Just another word first upon the practical question of  limitation. Mrs. Coralie Boord pertinently asks whether it is proved that  artificial restriction has no evil effects on the health. I could cite many  eminent gynecologists and other medical authorities on this point, but it is  quite true that strongly divergent views exist. But there are two points  which, I think, allow us to judge very fairly. The first is that the fall of  the birth-rate, which is unquestionably due to artificial restriction, has  been so invariably accompanied with a fall of the deathrate, i.e., an  increase in longevity. Had it been injurious, this could hardly have been  the case. It is true that the cancer death-rate has increased, and several  moralists have attributed this to restriction, but I have had occasion to  point out that, as cancer is a disease of old age, for which no cure has  been found, anything which increases longevity naturally preserves a greater  number to be attacked by it. But the extra deaths from cancer are small in  proportion with the reduction in deaths from other causes, and it is  especially noteworthy that the increase of cancer has not taken place in  those organs which would be naturally affected by restrictive measures. On  the contrary, cancer of the generative organs in women at the most fertile  ages is actually commencing to decline instead of increasing (see  Registrar-General's Report, 1909, p. xciii.), probably on account of the  reduced burden on these organs due to too frequent maternity. Furthermore,  the report of the Cancer Commission last year clearly stated that there were  no disquieting signs in connection with the increase of cancer, which is  fairly definite when we consider that artificial restriction must now be  practised by nearly half the married people in the country. The physique and  vitality of French women is quite sufficient to show that restriction does  not injure them,* and the fact that medical men both in France and in this  country largely practise restriction speaks for itself. I should be no party  to the advocacy of artificial restriction if I could discover any injurious  physical, mental, or moral result of it, but the evidence I have carefully  collected on the subject is practically all the other way. Personally, I  quite believe that a four years' interval between births is somewhat too  long. The proper interval is between two and three years, to give time for  natural lactation and a period of repose * I do not claim that the physique  of French men is equally satisfactory. The great consumption of alcohol  among them may be the cause. 254 THE FREEWOMAN February 15, 1912 before  renewed pregnancy. This is most certainly not harmful. Mrs. Boord is  concerned lest the possibility of limitation should lead women to desire no  children whatever. Well! this has not happened. The bulk of the middle  classes have limited their children to two or three, and could just as well  have avoided having any at all. But what limitation is going to mean  eventually is not the break-up of the family, but the co-operative home, in  which the woman who has few children and other interests will be able to  obtain effective care of her children by competent motherly women when she  needs to be free. I freely admit that the present transition state is in  many ways most unsatisfactory for cultured women, in that it is more  satisfying to be a fully occupied hausfrau than to be half emancipated and  to spread one's wings for a flight, only to be dragged back by the chains of  maternal responsibility, which are quite as strong, or stronger, for a  single child as for a dozen. Emancipation from excessive maternity opens the  door to feminine specialisation, and when homes are arranged on the large  scale, with due provision for individual privacy, women will be able to give  their best to themselves, their husbands, and their children, while securing  adequate care for the latter. At the same time, the undoubted advantages of  large families as regards the children would be secured with small families  in the co-operative home, and a social rather than a purely family spirit  would be cultivated. If Mr. Esson and others, who wonder whether restriction  will bring about moral decadence, would only realise its possibilities and  spend their talents devising improvements in social life to meet it, I fancy  their fears would rapidly change to enthusiasm. Now for the law of Malthus  itself, and my contention that the food supply is and must be insufficient  for an uncontrolled population. Mr. A. D. Lewis fails to see any law of  population, and considers that poverty causes large families. Both he and  Mr. Hunt state that much greater quantities of food could be produced by  scientific improvements, and the latter adheres to his theme that, if the  land were freed, food could easily outstrip population. "H. B." asks me how  a destruction of food can be explained if there is a real shortage, and Mr.  Esson puts his trust in Herbert Spencer's "individuation and genesis  doctrine." All these points, and many others, I am quite prepared to answer,  but in doing so I must protest against two of your correspondents' remarks.  Mr. Lewis objects to the care with which I have stated the population  doctrine, and Mr. Hunt accuses me, as editor of the Malthusian, of revelling  in logic and delighting in the doom of the little ones. It should be  unnecessary to repel the last charge after my expression of sympathy with  all humanitarian reforms which do not conflict with parental responsibility;  and as to the charge of cold logic and scientific precision, I hope that  readers of THE FREEWOMAN will appreciate that so momentous a conclusion as  the population doctrine should only be come to with the utmost care and  certainty. It is precisely the absence of scientific methods of  investigation and reasoning which have led to the contradictions surrounding  this subject, and at the risk of being tedious I propose to prove my case by  the most rigorous methods known to science. How do we prove any natural law  or generalisation? In a few cases by simple observation. But practically all  the great laws, such as the law of gravitation, cannot be proved in this  way. Until the time of Cavendish there was no experimental proof that all  bodies attracted one another, according to the law of Newton, and yet that  law was practically as completely proved before as after the experiment. We  owe to the great Lord Bacon the chain of reasoning which is necessary to  establish generalisation or law:—Observation, Induction, Deduction,  Verification. In the first place, we observe certain natural phenomena;  secondly, we attempt to find a general explanation of them; thirdly, we  deduce certain consequences from this explanation. This is as far as the  Greeks and most modern social reformers have gone. But Bacon laid down the  great principles that a law could not be accepted until deductions of new  phenomena had been made from it and verified by observation of nature. For  example, to take the law of gravitation. Observation showed that bodies  always fell to the earth, and that the moon revolved around it. Induction  suggested that these phenomena might be accounted for by an attraction  between any two bodies proportional to the product of their masses, and  inversely as the square of the distance between. Mathematical deduction  stated that the force between the earth and the moon would be a certain  amount, and this was verified by finding that this force was equal to the  centrifugal force of the moon in her orbit But this is not the only proof.  The law of gravitation has not only accounted for the known motions of  planets, etc., but it was used to discover the existence of a hitherto  unknown planet, and the fact that the calculation was almost exactly  confirmed was a strong verification of the law of gravitation. If to-day we  could find a single phenomenon which was incompatible with the law of  gravitation, the law would have to go, but the number of natural phenomena  which are explained by it is the true test of the validity of a law. Before  dealing with the population let us apply this method to Mr. Hunt's land  doctrine. Here is the chain of argument. Observation, poverty and  insufficiency of food, combined with great wealth and large areas of land  held out of cultivation; Induction, the great cause of poverty, is the  holding up of land, which could be prevented by suitable taxation;  Deduction, if the land were well distributed and fully cultivated, there  would be plenty for all. All this is excellent, but when we come to  verification it utterly fails. In fact, it may be given as an almost  invariable rule that poverty and famine are more severe, the more highly and  completely cultivated a country is. There are no such horrible famines in  the world as in China and India, where cultivation is carried on to the  extent of encroaching on the roads, of terracing the mountain slopes, and of  working in the swamps* Belgium, whose agricultural output has called forth  the admiration of Prince Kropotkine, is probably the poorest country of  Western Europe, and Mr. Rowntree has told us that it was necessary for him  to go a stage lower in his scale of poverty when dealing with it. The only  case of prosperity, combined with good distribution of land and high  cultivation, is France, where the birth-rate is low. Next let us apply the  same method to the question of population. Observation, poverty, famine, and  other evils in all countries at practically all times, and with great  differences of laws and customs; also that in times of plenty population  increases very fast; Induction, that population naturally tends to increase  faster than the supply of food can be increased, and that there must always  be starvation, war, disease, or other cause of premature death, unless some  means are taken to * Those interested may be recommended to read a most  striking article by Prof. E. A. Ross on "The Struggle for Existence in  China," in the Century Magazine for August last. February 15, 1912 THE  FREEWOMAN 255 limit births. This is the fundamental law of Malthus, which he  further developed by stating that unchecked population would increase in a  geometrical progression, doubling in every twenty-five years or less. Before  coming to the deductions, the latter statement is capable of direct  verification by itself. Not only have we the fact that the population of the  United States in the early part of last century, apart from emigration,  doubled in twenty-five years, but the vital statistics of various countries  now available give us an unmistakable proof. In Russia a birth-rate of close  on 50 per 1,000 has been maintained for many years past, and this is  evidently less than it might be if there were absolutely no checks to  marriage and production of children. The same figure appears to be obtained  in India. On the other hand, in New Zealand a death-rate of only 10 per  1,000 has been maintained for a long period, and the same figure has been  reached in Australia and part of Canada. We are, therefore, justified in  assuming that in a healthy community, in which there were no checks to  reproduction on the one hand, or any lack of necessities of life on the  other, the birth-rate would be at least 50 per 1,000, and the death-rate not  more than 10 per 1,000. For every 1,000 persons in such a community, there  would therefore be 50 births, and 10 deaths from natural old age, leaving an  increase of 40, or 4 per cent., in the year. This does not appear very much,  but a sum of money put out at 4 per cent, compound interest doubles in  seventeen and a half years, or increases fifty-fold in a single century.  Take our own country, say, England and Wales, which started last century  with a population of nearly 9,000,000. This would have meant a doubling to  18,000,000 by 1818, a second doubling to 36,000,000 by 1835, once more to  72,000,000 in 1853, to 144,000,000 in 1870, to 288,000,000 in 1889, and to  576,000,000 in 1905. There is absolutely no escape from this conclusion.  Unless opponents of the population doctrine can show any reason why the  birth-rate should automatically fall below 50 per 1,000 without any  restraint on marriage or births,* or why the deathrate in a perfectly  healthy community should rise above 10 per 1,000, the conclusion as to the  rate of increase is a mathematical certainty which no one can even dispute.  Mr. Hunt and those who believe that improved agriculture and land  distribution will do away with the necessity for restriction of births have  got to show us that they can get a fifty-fold increase of food in a single  century, or that they will be able to support an increase of the English  population from 35,000,000 to 1,750,000,000 (more than the present  population of the globe) in a hundred years from now. And in the next  century! I have been engaged for fourteen years in training thousands of  youths in the most progressive of all industries, that of electrical  engineering, and am fully alive to the wonderful possibilities of electrical  production of nitrates and stimulation of crops, of radio-active substances,  and the utilisation of solar energy; but they do not in the least alter my  opinion as to the absolute necessity, now and in the future, for a  considerable restriction of births if misery and premature death is to be  checked. And when Mr. Hunt tells me that a law could be passed in a day, and  that we should then see how much faster the food would then increase than  man could increase, I would like to remind him that * Henry's George's  attempts to dispose of this difficulty are beneath contempt. Spencer's  doctrine is more plausible, but is admittedly slow in action, and I have  elsewhere shown that there is no reason to suppose that there will be any  evolution towards smaller natural fertility under modern conditions. 4 per  cent. of the 45,000,000 now in these islands means 1,800,000 annually, and  that this is the rate at which he is to get our town-bred population back to  the land to even keep pace with, much less surpass, their natural increase.  And I must further point out that the great obstacle to any reform is the  determination to hold what one has got, due to an instinctive realisation of  the struggle for existence, and that he will not get his law except by long  and patient effort to get people to unite in working for it. The advantage  of family limitation is that it can be adopted individually, without waiting  for any legal reform, and that each family gains an immediate personal  advantage, while assisting in reducing the economic pressure on the  community at large, and the struggle for existence which is such a serious  bar to all democratic reform. (To be continued?) King's College for Women.  AS the recent holder of the Gilchrist PostGraduate Scholarship, in the  course of Home Science and Economics at King's College for Women, I have  frequently felt during the last few weeks that it was my duty publicly to  state my entire agreement with the contributor, "Educationist," in her  remarkably able criticism of the above-mentioned course. The fact that the  scheme received provisional recognition by the University of London a few  days ago, and the announcement that the £100,000 required for the scheme had  been contributed, made it clear to me that the College scheme had now every  opportunity to establish itself upon existing lines unless public criticism  could compel its promoters to submit it to revision. In the interests of the  integrity of science teaching, and with a firm belief in the necessity for  the development of household crafts by trained intellects, I feel that no  effort should be spared to check the easy acceptance of the present scheme,  and to delay it until something more sound and better thought out is  prepared in its place. It was under such convictions that I gladly accepted  the Editors' invitation to write upon the subject in the freewoman, made  upon my resignation of the scholarship owing to increasing hostility to the  aims and methods of those responsible for the scheme, and the conviction  that nothing but a complete revolution in the course could make it what the  promoters, in the latest circular, claim it to be, namely :—-" Education in  Science and Economics of a University Standard," "adapted to the needs of  women wishing to prepare themselves for the efficient management of their  own homes," "fitting for teaching on the lines of the Course and for other  spheres, both professional and voluntary," "preparation for openings  connected with the interests of Public Health," and "a training for Social  Workers." The general objections to the course have been so ably dealt with  by your contributor, "Educationist," in your issues of November 23rd and  December 14th, 1911, that it is unnecessary for me to restate them. As  "Educationist" well says, the subjects are not dealt with as befits a  University standard of treatment. This becomes clear when one notes that for  a degree in science at the London or any other University four subjects are  taken up to the intermediate standard, and three of these to a final  standard. In the same period of time, three years, the student at King's  College for Women studies biology, chemistry, physics, hygiene, physiology,  household work (cookery, laundry work, 256 THE FREEWOMAN February 15, 1912 and housewifery), economics, including a short course in book-keeping and  business affairs, and may take as an optional subject one of the three  following:—Psychology with practical psychology, psychology with ethics, or  bacteriology. I can illustrate my contention that the King's College course  in home science and economics is worthless from an educational point of view  in each of its details, and consequently worthless in its sum total, by  examining their treatment of the subject in which I specialised at the  Manchester University, i.e., chemistry. A bright student at King's might, by  the end of the first year, have reached the intermediate standard of the  University in this subject. This covers but the rudiments of general  chemistry. Straightway, in the second year, the student takes, along with  simple organic chemistry, so-called "applied chemistry," to be plunged into  more "applied chemistry" in the third year. To what does this "applied  chemistry" refer? It relates to such diverse and difficult matters as "the  chemical changes caused by organised and unorganised ferments applied to the  preparation, preservation, arid deterioration of foods and to digestion,"  "the constituents of foods, adulterants and preservatives; the chemistry of  soaps for laundry processes, including removal of stains and of cleansing  processes in general," etc., etc., processes involving pure science of such  an advanced nature that specialists, only after many years of experience,  e.g., public analysts of very high standing, and research chemists in  workshops, are capable of understanding and dealing with them. The analyst  even, accustomed only to simple routine analysis, is incapable of  understanding and dealing with such matters. Very far indeed is such  "applied chemistry" from the realm of young dabblers in science, and it is  nothing short of impudence on the part of the authorities to presume to  state that they teach anything of this nature. Such chemistry is and must  remain caviare to the general public, and to talk of students applying the  knowledge of such matters in the third year is to ask them to apply  knowledge which they have not got. Take any one of these points, the  chemistry of ferments, for example. This has been worked out by highly  skilled scientific chemists and by fully trained research chemists in  chemical works. Advanced knowledge of this kind can only be dealt with by  men and women in Universities and in research laboratories. What in the home  requires a knowledge of chemistry? The fact is that there is no chemistry  required in the home, and it is nothing but a pose to pretend there is. The  woman who is going to do the chemistry of foodstuffs must do an amount of  real chemistry which would cause the hair of these students to turn blue and  make them flee in terror from King's College for Women. If a student did so  qualify, the home would not be the place for her. She would seek some other  sphere where there was some scope for her knowledge. Now let us look at the  course in physics The course, such as it is, comprises about one-third of  the matter required for the intermediate stage in £500 FUND. Owing to the action of the Censor, the "Benefit Performance,"  which was to have started the above Fund to ensure the con tinued life of  the International Suffrage Shop, at 15, Adam Street, Strand, had to be given  at dead loss. All, therefore, who consider the shop worthy of existence, are  asked to contribute as generously as possible. CONTRIBUTORS' LIST WILL BE  PUBLISHED. the University. Nevertheless, the enterprising lecturer goes on to apply  this knowledge to the physics of cleansing processes, work which, even for  research specialists, is still in the process of experimentation. As to the  home science course in physiology, dismissed in thirty lectures and thirty  hours' practical work in the second year, I can well remember, at about  twelve years of age, taking a similar course and receiving from an  enterprising educational body a certificate for a "pass" in the subject.  Doubtless my subsequent life and those of my immediate circle of friends has  since been safeguarded by the information then acquired that my heart, for  instance, did not reside in my boots. Hygiene and Sanitary Science include  personal, infant and child hygiene, hygiene of dwellings, the history of  sanitary science, etc., etc., most of which is supplied at such centres as  the Battersea Polytechnic, the Royal Sanitary Institute, Bedford College for  Women, etc., in short courses for sanitary inspectors which require  practically no previous knowledge. I group together the household work,  cookery, housewifery, and laundry work. What is the work like? At the outset  it may be noted that it does not introduce any of the modern contrivances,  such as the modern application of electricity has introduced. Not even the  simple appliances, such as chipped-potato cutters, simple little machines  for chopping parsley, mint, etc., found in our homes and in those of every  working man, are to be found here. Even the potato is mashed with a fork or  spoon! The precious years at a university possible to but few of us, and  bought at a high price by most of those few, are to be spent in cleaning pan  lids, scrubbing in the old, old way, washing dishes and soiled garments, and  in cooking the ordinary family dinners that have been cooked for many  centuries, exactly as they now cook them at King's College. One must suppose  that these ancient things become modern by the simple magic of uttering the  incantations outlined in the College circular, which says that "in the third  year students undertake specialised experimental work, aiming at the  elucidation of existing empirical methods." No doubt!! The privilege of  attending this class is extended to those students holding first-class  diplomas in cookery and laundry work who take the special one-year  certificate at King's College for Women. Just before I left the College, I  was informed by a number of such students that they were expected to do  "research" work which they had already done more thoroughly in the schools  for Domestic Arts, and that their disgust for the work was so great that  they intended to make a special request to be allowed to omit such. Before  leaving this section, I must say that I protest most strongly against young  women going to the University to learn to clean. It is a despicable  prostitution of educational opportunities. There are places where cleaning  can be learned, and such places are not in the Universities. An anonymous  donor has given £20,000 for a hostel for students, and it is in this hostel  that the future students are to learn to clean pan lids. In spite of the  patronage of her Majesty Queen Mary, in spite of the fact that it is a  university scheme, and in spite of our love for cleanliness, I protest that  a more impudent piece of charlatanry has never been perpetrated before in  the history of education. I must find space for a word on King's College  Biology. In this subject the student, after reaching a standard rather below  the Intermediate by the end of the first year, is plunged, in the second February 15, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 257 year, into economic biology, and such  matters as the Lamarckian theory, theories of Darwin, Weismann and Hering,  the Mendelian theory, and the law of Galton, leading up to "general  conclusions as to the nature of Heredity." Forsooth! I have intentionally  left Economics to the last. This subject, if time were provided to digest  the material, would be one of the most satisfactory, so far as I was able to  judge. Economics is a new science, and a study, from the woman's point of  view, newer still—in fact, as yet only in the process of discovery by  trained economists in the Schools of Economics. Here, however, the farcical  nature of the whole course becomes apparent. After studying Economics in  general, attention is directed to the conditions in the home, and it is  discovered that the home, once the centre of industry, ceased to remain so  after the second industrial revolution. One by one the household employments  became specialised and left the home, a process which has continued till  now, and will continue still further, resulting in the final removal of  laundry work, cooking, and cleaning from the house, and in the establishment  of co-operative schemes of housing, necessitating the development of  housecraft as a combination of a number of special trades. Along with this  specialisation comes the need for women's economic independence to be able  to take a position in any of the skilled trades or professions. Therefore  three years of University time have been given, only to end in the discovery  in the last lecture in Economics that the odd-jobbing once necessary for the  housewife is a thing of the past. The student feels that her training has  fitted her for nothing. She is neither fish, flesh, fowl, nor good red  herring. She is, indeed, an anachronism, and there is nothing left for her  to do except to take the advice of those who trained her, and teach the  young "on the lines of the course"! This is the "special contribution made  by women to the general recognition of the necessity for specialisation, in  order to maintain a high standard of national efficiency." And a  twentieth-century contribution, too!! On similar lines—perhaps a couple of  centuries hence—we shall find their successors introducing a complete course  on the science of sound transmission in order efficiently to manipulate the  telephone. If the public imagines that the purposes of the course are to  apply science to the development of the household it is simply being  deluded. Rona Robinson, M.Sc. (To be continued.) Luang Sawat, B.A. [NOTE.—One of the first laws made by Chulalongkorn, the  late King of Siam, was aimed at the abolition of slavery. It lingered on in  practice, however, until quite recent years, along with many other abuses  abhorrent to the heart and mind of that kind-hearted and far-seeing monarch.  The good seed sown so liberally by him, and by his father (King Mongkut), is  sprouting freely. Yet it is not in actual flower even to-day all over the  kingdom; and the conditions here sketched were still quite possible, not to  say prevalent, when this story was written, fifteen years ago. With  acknowledgments to the Independent Review.] "IT is knowledge I want, not  degree," said Luang Sawat, with a sob in his voice. How should he make this  talkative tutor-gentleman understand the needs of far-off Siam? Teacher and  pupil were sitting in the tutor's room in Old College, Oxford. The Siamese  youth had been sent to England some months before, specially introduced by  Mr. Mount-Stewart, the King of Siam's Legal Adviser in Bangkok. The college  tutor looked at his watch, and glanced at the writing-table strewn with his  notes on Primitive Civilisations. This Oriental youth was wasting his  valuable time. "It is knowledge you want, not a degree? Good." The tutor  mused for a moment. "Yes, that's good," he repeated. "My instructions,  however, are that you read for a degree. The degree will mean some  knowledge," and he smiled. The smile was so pleasant and genuine that Sawat  took courage. He wished that he could speak English properly, like his  friends Booay and Loon, who had been to Harrow. Fresh from the simple life  of a floating-house on the River Menam, and from his work as a small  Government official under the Siamese Minister of Justice, all the details  of the life he so recently had left in Bangkok were confusedly mingling now  with the desire to understand better what this Oxford culture meant. All he  could, however, say at that moment was "Yes." "You don't understand Mr.  Tweenways' lectures, perhaps?" Sawat really considered that he understood  them quite well. But he did not know how to say so, gracefully. He felt  paralysed. His throat was dry: he was uncomfortable all over. He still  missed the betel-nut he used to chew from dawn to sunset; and he did not  know what was expected of him, nor understand the meaning of half he saw and  heard. Yet this tutor seemed kindly. He did not ask him childish questions  in a loud voice, as if he were a deaf idiot, nor had he the condescending  manner of the undergraduates. Could he trust him? He thought of the snubs  and slights he had endured since coming to Oxford. Perhaps never THE "LADY" COMBINED KNIFE and SCISSORS SHARPENER Regd. 542,986. FOR EVERY  HOME. Sharpens Carving and other Knives and Scissors. Simple to use. Will  last a Lifetime. Price 6 1/2 d. instructions. Rest the Sharpener on the edge  of the table, place Knife alternatively in each end slot, and draw towards  you, using slight downwards pressure. For Scissors use the central slot.  Scissors require slightly more pressure. Sharpen each blade in turn. the  sharpening wheel is made of the finest hardened sheffield steel. The "Lady"  Sharpener soon saves its cost. ask your ironmonger for it. THE NATIONAL  VENDORS' SYNDICATE, 55, chancery lane, London, w.c. 258 THE FREEWOMAN February 15, 1912 again would he meet so kind an  Englishman. He would try to speak to him. He cleared his throat noisily; the  tutor did not wince. "What Siam needs is to know real things," he began.  "Make railway, build bridge, store rainwater long time; teach people learn  fighting, and keep country from French (and English, Sawat added, mentally),  teach the woman be good wife, good mother; and man to be good judge." The  tutor uncrossed his legs, ceased playing with his watch, and listened  attentively. "What good is degree for that?" went on Sawat. "When I come to  Oxford, I think I come to a great school where all things I can learn-—and  Englishman teach me to be good judge. Then you make me go to lectures on  French Revolution." "You have the best man on the subject," said the tutor,  mechanically. He was trying to understand the lad before him. "And watching  little boys play cricket no good." "Little boys!" much amused, as he  contrasted the small Japanese-like figure with a mental picture of the  athletic undergraduate of Old College. "I mean," said Sawat, "they are  all—young—no wife—no childrens." "Have you a wife?" "Yes," proudly. "Wife  and two childrens." "Really! How old are you?" "Twenty-one." The tutor edged  his chair back against the light and, planting his elbow ruthlessly among  the Primitive Civilisation notes, leaned his tired head on one hand. The  clock ticked on unheeded. He must hear more of this. Wife and child! The  unmated don, verging on fifty, and still dreaming between whiles of the not  quite impossible She, gazed with a new interest at the Siamese youth who had  already tasted the deepest human joys. The yellow features were individually  unattractive; but the mouth was refined and sweet in expression, and a  sympathetic intelligence looked through the narrow slanting eyes. "Did you  want to come to England?" "Did not want to leave Siam—and my wife— and  children—sad—very---" "Yes, yes, I see. But you were brave, and came?" "I  was not brave; but the King said he wished it, and I must obey his Majesty."  "What did you mean to study when you came?" "I wanted to learn to be a good  judge." He paused. "Ah! tell me about that," said the tutor, so invitingly  that Sawat plunged on. "We want good judge in Siam more than teacher—more  than cricket—more than English good manners and English accent." Sawat,  flushed, eager, expressing himself anyhow as the words would come, Oriental  caution and suspicion and ultra self-control overborne by the strong feeling  of the moment, held the tutor fascinated. His silence, far from being dull  and unresponsive, was due to keen sympathy and interest; and this Sawat  understood instinctively. He went on. "In Bangkok Gaol two thousand  prisoners—all wait trial, many, many years. Many friends of mine have son,  daughter, father, wife, in prison." "Guilty?" "Not guilty, my friends,"  proudly. "Mom Jeean, a great friend of my father and mother. She have a  daughter who was put in prison three years ago, but not guilty." "Why was  she put in prison?" "Phya Moosah—one big man in Siam—want her leave her  husband and live very grand in his house. But Mom Jeean's daughter hated  Phya Moosah, and say 'No.' Phya Moosah very angry, and then put Mom Jeean's  daughter in prison." "But how—how could he, for refusing to run off with  him?" "Another woman—hated Mom Jeean's daughter and jealous of her—and stole  diamonds from Phya Moosah and put them in Mom Jeean's daughter's box. And  when the diamonds found in the box, not the real thief go to prison—oh, no!"  "Ah !" The tutor's eyes did not leave the youth's face. "And then—that bad  woman rise to be Phya Moosah's head wife. And Mom Jeean's daughter in prison  now nearly three years. The judges got no time to try case; too much  hair-cuttings and cremations. And many more friends of mine all same  thing—all innocent—and no one do nothing! And every Wan Pra* old Mom Jeean  come to pray to me to get her daughter out of prison." "What power had you?"  "No power. But Mom Jeean think I can do something, because I learn in the  Law Courts with great European lawyers." "Oh! you thought you could learn  best from Europeans?" "Yes. I always hear that English judges are  uncorruptive." "H'm!. .. And you thought you would like to learn to be  an—uncorruptive—judge, too?" "Yes: that is what I came to England for. And I  want to be quick and not waste time learning things no use." Sawat stopped.  He began to regret his burst of openness; also to feel the impossibility of  really explaining how things were in Siam. And, now that the impulse to  frankness was over, its danger recurred to him. No Englishman was really to  be trusted. He had always heard that. Meantime the tutor was silent. He felt  himself densely ignorant. He determined to seek out Atkinson, who was always  taking up black men, and get some information from him. Also, to read *  Sunday. If you do not already subscribe to "THE FREEWOMAN," or should you experience  difficulty in obtaining your copy regularly from your Newsagent or  Bookstall, we suggest that you kindly fill in the form attached and post it  to us without delay. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION.—Post free to any address in the  Postal Union. Twelve months, 14s.; six months, 7s.; three months, 3s. 6d. To  STEPHEN SWIFT and CO., Ltd., 10, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C. Dear  Sirs, Please enter my name as a subscriber to "THE FREEWOMAN"  for..............months, commencing with issue  dated..........................................Cheque or P.O. enclosed for  :; herewith.  Name..........................................................................  Address...................................................................... February 15, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 259 up the Far East of the present day.  Meantime, he must go. "Very sorry. Meeting at two-thirty sharp." This was at  the end of the Lent term, and Sawat never saw him again. During the Easter  vacation on a health-seeking visit to Florence, the overworked tutor died  suddenly of a chill caught between a stuffy pension and the freezing Lung'  Arno. Sawat never again met an Englishman who moved him to a confession of  genuine deep feeling. During the same Easter vac. he stayed at the Siamese  Legation in South Kensington, and he there learnt that he must not speak out  candidly to a farangy and, above all, never talk about the real Siam. The  lesson of self-distrust was continued at Oxford, and learnt so thoroughly by  the facile Siamese nature that, after a few terms in the University mill,  not a word of important truth could have been extracted from him by a  European. He learnt, parrot-fashion, all that was put before him; and,  sticking to his studies with great diligence, he got fair academical results  for his three years' work. He then passed on to the London Bar. He studied  by fits and starts for several years more, mixing a good deal with the  quasi-fashionable society that surrounds the Siamese Legation; and he learnt  a great many disconnected facts about English life in titled families. Much  of the seamy side of London life in the middle class, both upper and lower,  was gradually revealed to him, while no good influence strong enough to keep  up his belief in ideals ever touched him for more than an occasional moment.  He was quick to see the discrepancy between theory and practice in the lives  of the English he met; and, leaping to the conclusion that their professions  of righteousness meant nothing, he would smile cynically when the  regeneration of Siam by Europeans was talked of. He soon lost all intention  of devoting himself to that; and he was not hypocrite enough to pretend to  it merely to please. B. A. S. (To be continued.) The Eternal Amateur. IN "What's Wrong with the World "—which our readers do  not require to be told is a characteristic and admirable exposure of various  conventional fallacies—Mr. Keith Chesterton enters upon a very odd defence  of the Anti-Suffragist cause. Briefly, it amounts to the awful heresy—which  no theologian, however wild the wings of his unorthodoxy, has ever  adumbrated—that we can specialise in virtue: that class A may be assigned a  particular job, with the cultivation of particular manners and a particular  temper, and all the members of class B warned off the ground, and forbidden  to aspire to its perfections. Women are to have the monopoly of amateurism,  with all the flexible glory that amateurism implies. Men are to slave at  politics and business. Mr. Chesterton states his objections to specialism  quite frankly. He would much rather there were no specialists. But he says  it has to be: we must all be specialists, and women must be specialists in  amateurism. The London school authority, who have just pronounced against  mixed schools, appear to have assimilated this teaching very thoroughly. For  they assert that the boys are "kept back" by being taught in company with  girls, who only need to specialise in gentle manners and cheap cooking. If  this is not to create a caste of doll-cooks, in the interests of national  efficiency, what is it? Mr. Chesterton has a second string to his bow, in  the shape of an allegation that feminine intuition is averse from the  impersonal rigidity of democratic rule, expressed, as it must be, in stiff  and awkward laws. That is a misty region into which we will not follow him.  We limit ourselves to an examination of his plea for the hothouse  cultivation of Woman as the Essential Amateur. Fundamentally, the plea is  the same as that wellworn one which proclaims that politics would "degrade"  women. But it is different from that common plea, because it so candidly  recognises their capabilities and powers. The ordinary Anti is content to  say that women, though dear creatures, are somehow "different." They have  not the necessary qualifications for politics. They would not only spoil  themselves by going into politics—but they would do no good when they got  there. But Mr. Chesterton admits that it is not so: that the qualities  requisite are there all right. Still, he says, "Let us keep them aloof, or  we shall lose the Divine Amateur!" In the stress of modern competition,  which grinds men into ruthless, dull specialists, let us keep a corner for  amateur lovable inconsequence; let that corner be filled by onehalf the  human race! It is not difficult to reply. If specialism is indeed  soul-deadening, in the name of Providence let it be abolished! And pending  its abolition, let it be irradiated by feminine tenderness and beauty. But  no! says Mr. Chesterton, agreeably yet inexorably! You must resign to the  masculine spirit the sphere of everything beyond domesticity. It is a pity,  but you must! The savage separation between the two ideals of masculine and  feminine character must be perpetuated—all in the interests of the Divine  Amateur! Women must be forced into narrowness, men into roughness, in the  delectable name of that dubious phantom. But that is what Mr. Chesterton has  elsewhere appropriately styled "the last lie in hell": that if once a man is  born "it is too late to damn or save him." For when it cuts him off from  graciousness and gracefulness, it definitely cuts him off from grace. It is  "the huge modern heresy of altering the human soul to fit its conditions,  instead of altering human conditions to fit the human soul." It is to be, in  the matter of heredity, "sullenly attached to law." It is to propagate a  specialised race, fashioned to meet particular conditions with an approach  to efficiency. And instead of this Gorgon doctrine, the human spirit is  spiring and flaming at Eternal Perfection; the same to-day, yesterday, and  for ever. T. BATY. A BOOK FOR MARRIED WOMEN. By DR. ALLINSON. The information contained in this  book ought to be known by every married woman, and it will not harm the  unmarried to read. The book is conveniently divided into twelve chapters.  The first chapter treats of the changes of puberty, or when a girl becomes a  woman. The second chapter treats of marriage from a doctor's standpoint;  points out the best ages for marriage, and who should have children and who  not, and furnishes useful information that one can ordinarily get only from  an intelligent doctor. The third chapter treats of the marriage of blood  relations; and condemns such marriages as a rule. Chapter four treats of the  signs of pregnancy. The fifth chapter tells how a woman should live during  the pregnant state. The sixth chapter treats of mishaps and how to avoid  them. The seventh chapter treats of material impressions, and shows that  birth marks are not due to longings on the part of the mother, but rather to  her poor health. The eighth chapter teaches how to have easy confinements.  Certain people believe that women should bring forth in pain and trouble,  but the hygienic physician says that confinements can be made comparatively  easy if certain rules are obeyed; these rules are given. The ninth chapter  treats of the proper management of confinements until the baby is born. The  tenth chapter tells how to treat the mother until she is up and about again.  The eleventh chapter treats of sterility; gives the main causes of it, how  these may be overcome and children result. The last chapter treats of the  "change," a most important article for all women over forty. The book is  full of useful information, and no book is written which goes so thoroughly  into matters relating to married women. Some may think too much is told;  such can scarcely be the case, for knowledge is power and the means of  attaining happiness. The book can be had in an envelope from Dr. T. R.  Allinson. 381, Room, 4, Spanish Place, Manchester Square, London, W., in  return for a Postal Order for 1s. 2d. 260 THE FREEWOMAN February 15, 1912 The Compelling Books of our Generation THE ROLL OF THE SEASONS By G. G.  Desmond Crown 8vo, 5s. net. 'A writer on Nature who can fill many pages as  are in Mr. G. G. Desmond's stoutly packed book without ever repeating  himself, and without saying anything unworthy of print, is in himself almost  a literary portent. Mr. Desmond is a most fascinating essayist, skilled  alike in literary grace and in scientific knowledge."—Morning Leader.  "Enchanting."— Aberdeen Free Press. "Well written and attractive.. .. Their  appeal is wide, and they will tell many a wayfarer how to use his eyes."  —Sheffield Daily Telegraph. "Show an enthusiasm for nature which is highly  infectious." —Evening Standard. THE MASTERY OF LIFE By G. T. Wrench Demy  8vo, cloth, 15s. net. "Extremely clever and stimulating book."— Glasgow  Herald. "A book of unusual learning... Dr. Wrench has vast learning; but he  has something even better than learning. He has imagination, ideas, courage,  and a large constructive mind. The book is an indictment of modern life, it  is brimful of ideas, bracing and masterful; the volume is valuable, for it  communicates something of its energy and vigour to the reader." —Publishers'  Circular. "The reader cannot but find much excellent food for thought in  these wellinformed dissertations and illuminating speculations."—Scotsman.  "THE UNCLE TOM'S CABIN of the White Slave Traffic, and ie likely, we  believe, and hope, to do all that Mrs. Beecher Stowe'e famoue work  accomplished for the black."— Liverpool Post. DAUGHTERS OF ISHMAEL By  REGINALD WRIGHT KAUFFMAN. Price 6s. (Third Large Edition in the Press.) With  a Preface by JOHN MASEFIELD "The kind of book that moves one to action, and  may prove, like one or two famous novels before it, to be the inspiration of  a great crusade." —Morning Post. "A vivid, ruthless, and relentless account  of the white slave traffic;. .. is not a nasty book.. .. There is much that  is horrible—horrible because we know it to be only too true. ... A book  which, though in many ways ghastly, is nevertheless of such immense  importance that every grown man and woman should read it. It is terrible  from beginning to end, but above all the horror there is something which  makes you feel cleaner, better, more pitiful for a side of life which seldom  incites pity.. .. One of the most terrible stories I have ever  read."—Richard King in The Tatler. "Appalling.. .. Mr. Kauffman faces the  horrible facts with relentless candour. The work is inspired by a passion  for moral and social cleanliness." —Liverpool Courier. "That he is telling  the truth, the simplicity and candid honesty of his telling forces us to  believe. ... An earnest and humanely balanced piece of  truth-telling."—Manchester Guardian. "A relentless and terrible exposure of  what has been called 'the white slave traffic.' ... It is both painful and  powerful, and of its sincere purpose there can be no question. Mr.  Kauffman's handling GIVES NO UNNECESSARY OFFENCE."—Times. "The motto adopted  by Stephen Swift ft Co. is certainly being lived up to; their books really  do 'compel,' and are obviously carefully chosen. Their list contains books  which many publishers would not have had the courage to publish —  unconventional, daring, outspoken and fearless. They are among books what  the Little Theatre plays are among the dead husks produced at popular  theatres. "—Academy. Original and full of force, this novel, containing as  it does those elements of bigness so rare in these days, is a refreshing  change to the ordinary run of fiction. THE WOMAN WITHOUT SIN By Pharall  Smith. 6s. With a pen which is as powerful as it is restrained, the writer  attacks convention and upholds his own ideas of freedom between the sexes.  "Very much above the average... Reveals its author as a writer with  exceptional gifts of narration and a power of strong dramatic composition.  It is well worth reading."—Liverpool Post. THE REVOKE OF JEAN RAYMOND By May  Ford. 6s. "We strongly recommend this book to those interested in modern  movements, sooial, political, or religious." —Yorks. Factory Times. "reminds  the reader of 'ELIZABETH and her GERMAN garden.' "—Spectator. IN A GERMAN  PENSION (First Edition, December, 1911. Second Edition, January, now ready.)  By KATHERINE MANSFIELD. Price 6s. "Uncommonly bold and artistic."— Vanity  Fair. "Original and very forcible in style.. .. A masterly piece of  work."—World. "Vivid and often brilliant sketches of life.. .. Extremely  well written and in a sense so true that anyone acquainted with German life  will keenly appreciate them. We have seldom read more vivid sketches with so  great an economy of words. —Morning Post. "STARTLINGLY REALISTIC." —Daily  Telegraph. THE PASSING OF THE AMERICAN By Munroe Royce Crown 8vo, 3s. 6d.  net. "His remarkable book is a sensational exposure of the disease which is  threatening the supremacy of the Anglo-Saxon and Teutonic races in the  United States."—Birmingham Daily Post. "Frank and incisive  criticism."—Aberdeen Free Press. the ENGLISHMAN US NEW YORK By Juvenal Crown  8vo, 5s. net. "Attacks New York and New Yorkers in the most terrific way.  "—Christian Age "His masterly deductions have surpassed all other writers  who have written on the same subject."— Weekly Times. wrmen "Keen  observation and well-judged criticism.... Is as breezy a volume as we have  seen for some time."—Sheffield Daily Telegraph. THE BOSBURY PEOPLE By Arthur  Ransom. 6s. LOVE IN MANITOBA By A. Wharton Gill. 6s. SOME ASPECTS OF  THACKERAY By Lewis Melville. Fully Illustrated, 12s. 6d. net. LA VIE ET LES  HOMMES By Francis Grierson. 3s. 6d. net. Send a Postcard for "BOOKS THAT  COMPEL," post tree from STEPHEN SWIFT and CO., LTD., 10, JOHN ST., ADELPHI,  LONDON, W.C. Printed by Hazell, Watson and Viney, Ld., 4-8, Kirby Street,  Hatton Garden, London E.C.; and Published weekly for the Proprietors at the  Office, 10, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C.