Others , made OTHERS A MAGAZINE of the NEW VERSE SEPTEMBER 1915 EDITED BY ALFRED KREYMBORG 15 cents a copy GRANTWOOD,   N. J. $1.50 per year ## ## OTHERS T. S. ELIOT JOHN GOULD FLETCHER MAXWELL BODENHEIM WALTER CONRAD ARENSBERG Vol. I No. 3 ## Copyright,   1915 by Alfred Kreymborg Grantwood, N. J. ## T. S. ELIOT 35 PORTRAIT OF A LADY "Thou hast committed—" "Fornication: but that was in another country, And besides, the wench is dead." The Jew of Malta. I Among the smoke and fog of a December afternoon You have the scene arrange itself—as it will seem to do— With "I have saved this afternoon for you" And four wax candles in the darkened room Four rings of light upon the ceiling overhead An atmosphere of Juliet's tomb Prepared for all the things to be said, or left unsaid. We have been, let us say, to hear the latest Pole Transmit the Preludes, through his hair and finger-tips. "So intimate, this Chopin, that I think his soul Should be resurrected only among friends Some two or three, who will not touch the bloom That is rubbed and questioned in the concert room." —And so the conversation slips Among velleities and carefully caught regrets Through attenuated tones of violins Mingled with remote cornets And begins ## 36 T. S. ELIOT "You do not know how much they mean to me, my friends, And how, how rare and strange it is, to find In a life composed so much, so much of odds and ends (For indeed I do not love it . . . you knew? you are not blind ! How keen you are!) To find a friend who has these qualities, Who has, and gives Those qualities upon which friendship lives. How much it means that I say this to you— Without these friendships—life, what cauchemar!" Among the windings of the violins And the ariettes Of cracked cornets Inside my brain a dull tom-tom begins Absurdly hammering a prelude of its own, Capricious monotone That is at least one definite "false note". —Let us take the air, in a tobacco trance, Admire the monuments, Discuss the late events, Correct our watches by the public clocks. Then sit for half an hour and drink our bocks. ## T. S. ELIOT 37 II Now that lilacs are in bloom She has a bowl of lilacs in her room And twists one in her fingers while she talks. "Ah my friend, you do not know, you do not know What life is, you who hold it in your hands;—" (Slowly twisting the lilac stalks) "You let it flow from you, you let it flow, And youth is cruel, and has no remorse And smiles at situations which it cannot see." I smile, of course. And go on drinking tea. "Yet with these April sunsets, that somehow recall My buried life, and Paris in the Spring, I feel immeasurably at peace, and find the world To be wonderful and youthful, after all." The voice returns like the insistent out-of-tune Of a broken violin on an August afternoon : "I am always sure that you understand My feelings, always sure that you feel, Sure that across the gulf you reach your hand. You are invulnerable, you have no Achilles' heel. You will go on, and when you have prevailed You can say: at this point many a one has failed. ## 38 T. S. ELIOT But what have I, but what have I, my friend, To give you, what can you receive from me? Only the friendship and the sympathy Of one about to reach her journey's end. I shall sit here, serving tea to friends . . ." I take my hat: how can I make a cowardly amends For what she has said to me ? You will see me any morning in the park Reading the comics and the sporting page. Particularly I remark An English countess goes upon the stage. A Greek was murdered at a Polish dance, Another bank defaulter has confessed. I keep my countenance, I remain self-possessed Except when a street piano, mechanical and tired Reiterates some worn-out common song With the smell of hyacinths across the garden Recalling things that other people have desired. Are these ideas right or wrong? ## T. S. ELIOT 39 III The October night cornes down; returning as before Except for a slight sensation of being ill at ease I mount the stairs and turn the handle of the door And feel as if I had mounted on my hands and knees. And so you are going abroad; and when do you return? But that's a useless question. You hardly know when you are coming back, You will find so much to learn." My smile falls heavily among the bric-a-brac. "Perhaps you can write to me." My self-possession flares up for a second ; This is as I had reckoned. "I have been wondering frequently of late (But our beginnings never know our ends!) Why we have not developed into friends." I feel like one who smiles, and turning shall remark Suddenly, his expression in a glass. My self-possession gutters; we are really in the dark. "For everybody said so, all our friends, They all were sure our feelings would relate So closely! I myself can hardly understand.## 40 T. S. ELIOT We must leave it now to fate. You will write, at any rate. Perhaps it is not too late. I shall sit here, serving tea to friends." And I must borrow every changing shape To find expression . . . dance, dance Like a dancing bear, Cry like a parrot, chatter like an ape. Let us take the air, in a tobacco trance— Well! and what if she should die some afternoon, Afternoon grey and smoky, evening yellow and rose ; Should die and leave me sitting pen in hand With the smoke coming down above the house tops ; Doubtful, for quite a while Not knowing what to feel or if I understand Or whether wise or foolish, tardy or too soon. . . Would she not have the advantage, after all? This music is successful with a "dying fall" Now that we talk of dying— And should I have the right to smile ? ## JOHN GOULD FLETCHER 41 SONGS OF THE ARKANSAS INVOCATION Eastward, House where the Sun is kindled: Northward, Cave where the Wind sleeps in darkness: Southward, Swamp where the Snake-Mist rises: Westward, Plain where the Ghost-Trail goes: Hear my prayer ! I bow myself to the quarters : I salute Sun, and Earth, my parents : Let my brother and sister, Wind and Water, Carry my cry to Him Who Dwells Beyond. Many things have I to say unto You: Spirit who will not listen ! Many things have I and my people on our hearts, Many great griefs. Many chiefs! Many warriors! Many young men! Many women! Many dogs! Many weapons! Are You but a thieving Shawnee To take these things from our tribe ? ## 42 JOHN GOULD FLETCHER Wherefore do You so long abandon us? Came we out of the deadly land of darkness, Out of the land of cold long nights and winters, Only to die in this place? Did the great river that Your Finger traced Then deceive us in its current? Did the wildgoose and the heron Fly southward but to mock us ? You who baited this trap with enemies, Tell us, where may we wander, We weary, we footsore, we lost, we forsaken, Where is our changeless Home? Men with white faces and lying hearts, Have You now sent out amongst us : We received them—we believed it was Your  will— JOHN GOULD FLETCHER 49 i But you waited. You did not utter a sound. "When the astonished faces glowed clearly in the firelight, You gave them volley on volley. "Snake! Rattle-snake ! The fangs have met in quivering flesh. Spirit that bides its moment, Spirit that knows the spot to strike, Spirit that finds the secret lurking places, Give craftiness to our souls." The song is silent : Afar off into the sky there lifts a long blue plume of smoke, From the distant hills. It is the great war-beacon. We stagger forth : The women fly with shrieks. The seven-day vigil is broken; Silent, haggard, and sleepless, We double into the forest, Like blood-scenting wolves. ## 50 MAXWELL  BODENHEIM THE COTTON PICKER Like the arm of a child, lifting shining lilies from a little brown pond, The sunlight drew songs from a lithe, grimacing negress Whose skin was smoother than the cloudless sky above her . . . The flecks of cotton they picked Brought a changing white stupor to the tepid-faced women about her, And her shoulders fell as slowly as the sun above her. Yet the pent satin of her face was always cut by a smile, As she hummed of a joyous Christ. SUNDAY IN A CERTAIN CITY SUBURB Four men whose lives are the beginning of sun-silenced afternoons, And whose orange and red scarfs are the sole flowers Of the washed-out afternoons, Sit, shifting dominoes. The afternoon outside of them dies, as fruit slowly pressed between fingers, But still the four stiff men shift dominoes . . . Their wives, wide women with tight, garnished hair, Sit in the back-yard, whispering tiny secrets and munching strings of grapes. ## MAXWELL BODENHEIM 51 Their lives are the centers of half-cloudy days, With now and then a noisy evening In which they hang the crude little japanese-lanterns of their thoughts On the ever-swaying strings of their minds . . . The domino-box is folded, the grapes are eaten. Children, wheezing and limp, return. THE REAR-PORCHES OF AN APARTMENT-BUILDING A sky that has never known sun, moon or stars : A sky that is like a dead, kind face Would have the color of your eyes, O servant-girl, singing of pear-trees in the sun, And scraping the yellow fruit you once picked When your lavender-white eyes were alive. . . On the porch above you are two women Whose faces have the color of brown earth that has never felt rain. The still wet basins of ponds that have been drained Are their eyes. They knit gray rosettes and nibble cakes. . . And on the top-porch are three children Gravely kissing each others' foreheads— And an ample nurse with a huge red fan. . . The passing of the afternoon to them Is but the lengthening of blue-black shadows on brick walls. ## 52 MAXWELL  BODENHEIM THE VAGABOND IN THE PARK They sit upon little benches, lips slack, eye-lids blinking Like flapping white shades in the windows of empty rooms. The trees over them, shift their lace with rushing, smothered laughs, And speak of the nakedness to come. But the straight, shining women under the trees Have never known what it is to take off dust-painted clothes. AFTER WRITING POETRY My mind is a naked child Living in the little half-crimson garden of my soul. I bring people to the child in the garden. Perhaps an apple-vender whose face is like a new wood-cut ; A shop-girl, like the quickly-sketched princess in some old water-color ; Or a window-washer who seems to have been taken From a cool swarthy fresco. . . At night when they have gone, I and the naked child sit beneath a red bush And chat about them : Half-regretting the flowers they have taken away. ## WALTER  CONRAD  ARENSBERG 53 VOYAGE A L'INFINI The swan existing Is like a song with an accompaniment Imaginary. Across the glassy lake, Across the lake to the shadow of the willows, It is accompanied by an image, — As by Debussy's "Reflets dans Peau ". The swan that is Reflects Upon the solitary water — breast to breast With the duplicity : ' ' The other one! ' ' And breast to breast it is confused. O visionary wedding! O stateliness of the procession ! It is accompanied by the image of itself Alone. At night The lake is a wide silence, Without imagination. ## 54 WALTER  CONRAD  ARENSBERG THE VOICE OF ONE DEAD Of the relented limbs and the braid, O lady, Bound up in haste at parting, The secret is kept. JUNE These breaking buds, These buds in a nest of leaves . .  . What wings have covered them, And the warmth of what brooding mother, That the roses, The roses themselves, Come out ? The roses are trying their petals . . . Fly away, roses, after the wind. FOR FORMS THAT ARE FREE Loosen the web, Arachne, and we will walte. Loosen, Arachne, The spider-web that has ensnared The feet in such a struggling bergamask. ## OTHERS for October will be devoted to John Rodker and the CHORIC SCHOOL. ## ## ## Hand-set and printed by the workers of the Liberty Print Shop in New York City.##