DEATH HOLDS THE POST 225 come back, and we haven't had a word from them! What happened to them? You must know. Tell me!" Gasparri raised his head, dropping his hands listlessly. Then he said, "I have told you, sir. They're dead. They were killed by those dead things at Mechar. I alone escaped." His voice was heavy and portentous with a calm, deadly hopeless- ness. "You're delirious!" snapped Prageur. He sat down on the cot and grasped Gas- parri's wrists roughly in a tight grip. Gasparri made no protest; he only looked at the lieutenant out of fright- haunted eyes. "Tell me!" Prageur ordered again, but his voice was less sure. Gasparri repeated, "I have told you, sir. They were killed by dead men, and one who was not dead--a tall, thin old man, who directed their movements from the safety of the watch-tower, and he was like a ghost. But all the others are dead, I tell you, dead--and yet they moved, those dead ones." "What happened to our men, Gas- parri?" "They're dead in Mechar." Then ab- ruptly Gasparri's eyes flamed with a ghastly fear. "Or perhaps they, too, are alive like those others." PRAGEUR turned away, shrugging. Cranston followed him to the door. "He's obviously mad, sir, but that doesn't explain his presence. Why is he here? He came alone on foot across the sand." Lieutenant Prageur looked at him. "Sang de Dieu!" he exploded. "You don't put any faith in that tale, do you, Cranston?" "No, sir," replied Cranston promptly. "But I don't understand his condition. He got a shock somewhere, because there's something more than imagination behind that story he's telling." The whimpering voice of the Italian drifted out to them. "My neck," Gasparri complained, "bones around my neck--- rotted flesh--ahhrr. . . Prageur jerked his head in the direc- tion of the cot. "Look after him, and keep on trying to get Mechar," he said. Then he turned on his heel and walked out into the blazing quadrangle. Cranston saluted smartly and went back into the building. Gasparri's removal to his own quarters was but a matter of a few moments, and Cranston was soon attempting to contact Mechar, though he felt intuitively that this was hopeless. He had not been long at it when he was brought to his feet by a startled shout from the quadrangle. He ran quickly to the door, where he was as- sailed by a babble of voices and sight of a second guard running toward the lieuten- ant's quarters. Someone saw Cranston and shouted, "Another coming across the sand wearing the uniform. From Mechar." "How far out?" "About a mile." Lieutenant Prageur, who had heard, was already striding toward the walls. Cranston followed. From the small turret surmounting the southwest corner of the walls, Prageur scanned the desert through his binoculars. Cranston, looking out, saw for a few mo- ments nothing but a gleaming expanse of sand topped by undulating silver waves of heat, rising and falling into an endless sky, blue as the sea. Then his eyes fo- cussed properly and he saw the oncoming man--a small figure, moving slowly but steadily across the golden expanse of sand. "I don't recognize him," said the lieu- W. T.--7