A MAGAZINE OF THE BIZARRE AND UNUSUAL Weird Tales Registered in U.S. Patent Office Volume 28 CONTENTS FOR AUGUST-SEPTEMBER, 1936 Number 2 Cover Design M. Brundage Illustrating a scene in "The Door into Infinity" The Door into Infinity Edmond Hamilton 130 An amazing weird mystery story, packed with thrills, danger and startling events Lycanthropus C. Edgar Bolen 153 Verse Mask of Death Paul Ernst 154 An uncanny story of the terrible doom with which Doctor Satan struck down his enemies Werewolf of the Sahara G. G. Pendarves 173 A tremendous tale about Gunnar the werewolf and the evil Arab sheikh El Shabur The Medici Boots Pearl Norton Swet 194 What malefic power did these anieshyst-decoraied boots from medieval Florence carry over into our own time? Red Nails (part 2) Robert E. Howard 205 A three-part serial story of a barbarian adventurer, and a weird roofed city, and the strangest people ever spawned Swamp Demons C. A. Butz 221 Verse Death Holds the Post August W. Derleth &amp; Mark Schorer 222 A tale of the French Foreign Legion, living dead men, and an unearthly horror that struck at the bodies of soldiers in an African outpost The Diary of Philip Westerly Paul Compton 233 A strange, brief tale of the terrible fear engendered by a man's loathsome reflection in a mirror In the Dark Ronal Kayser 236 It was a story of sheer, unrelieved horror that old Asa Gregg poured into the dictaphone Weird Story Reprint: Four Wooden Stakes Victor Rowan 240 A strange story of vampires from an early issue of WEIRD TALES The Eyrie 250 Our readers exchange opinions about this magazine Published monthly by the Popular Fiction Publishing Company, 2457 East Washington Street, Indianapolis, Ind. Entered is second-class matter March 20, 1923, at the post office at Indianapolis, Ind., under the act of March 3, 187?. Single copies, 25 cents. Subscription rates: One year in the United States and possessions, Cuba, Mexico, South America, Spain, $2.50; Canada, $2.75 ; elsewhere, $3.00. English office: Otis A. Kline, c/o John Paradise, 86 Strand, W. C. 2, London. The publishers are not responsible for the loss of unsolicited manuscripts, although every care will be taken of such material while in their possession. The contents of this magazine are fully protected by copyright and must not be reproduced either wholly or in part without permission from the publishers. NOTE--All manuscripts and communications should be addressed to the publishers' Chicago office at 840 North Michigan Avenue, Chicago, Ill. FARNSWORTH WRIGHT, Editor. Copyright 1936, by the Popular Fiction Publishing Company. COPYRIGHTED IN GREAT BRITAIN WEIRD TALES ISSUED 1st OF EACH MONTH W. T.--1 129