226 WEIRD TALES tenant doubtfully. "Can't make out his face for his kips. But he's one of our men. Take a look." As Cranston took the glasses, Prageur stepped out along the wall and shouted down. "Ourlet, ride out to meet him." The glasses brought the man on the sand much closer. It was a white man in a private's uniform. But what instantly caught Cranston's eye was the ease with which the soldier was moving. He was coming in a straight line across the sands, heading obviously for the Surdez gates, never hesitating, never stumbling as a man in exhaustion might, just coming along at a steady though slow and me- chanically awkward gait. "Spot that walk?" asked Lieutenant Prageur. Cranston nodded. "Funny, sir." Prageur stood looking out across the sand, his hands moving nervously. "I don't like it," he said suddenly. "But he seems to be one of our men." The two of them descended the stairs to the quadrangle. The gates had been thrown open, and Ourlet had ridden out to meet the oncoming Legionnaire. Cranston had the fleeting hope that from this one, at least, they might learn some- thing. Then abruptly a shot broke the tense stillness. It came from beyond the post, from the sand, from the weapon which had appeared in one hand of the advanc- ing Legionnaire. And the shot had been fired at Ourlet! It had happened in the space of a few seconds--the walking man suddenly pro- ducing a revolver and firing at Ourlet as Ourlet rode up, Ourlet hit, dropping on his horse, wheeling the animal about and riding furiously back toward the gates. Amid a babble of shouting from the men at the gates, a second shot rang out; a moment later Ourlet was safely within the walls. Someone sprang forward to help him from the horse, while others moved to shut the gates. "Wait!" ordered Prageur. He was watching the oncoming figure, and there was a curious intentness in his gaze. But before he could give a further order, the abrupt silence that had fallen was again broken--this time from behind them. Gasparri, aroused by the outcries and the shots, had come from his quarters and had crept unseen to the gates. Suddenly he began to scream, his horrified eyes fixed upon the figure looming out of the sand waste. "It's one of those dead ones! Dio! We are lost if he gets in!" At the same moment, Ourlet gasped, "Something queer--he's not one of us." Then he collapsed. Prageur had stepped forward and was even now bending above Gasparri. But Gasparri went on, his voice rising. "Lieutenant, sir, it is a dead man. He'll kill all of us, just as he was killed. We can't kill him--he's dead already! Dio! Close the gates before it is too late!" Terror spoke mutely from the sick man's trembling lips, from his haunted eyes. The man from Mechar was less than a hundred feet from the gate now, but he had not once looked up to see what lay ahead of him. There was men- ace in the way he held on to his weapon. "Hide, all of you," Prageur ordered. "Leave the gates wide. Some of you crouch close to the wall. Some get on top and fall on him when he comes in. We'll take him alive!" The men scrambled to obey, and in a few moments silence had fallen, all the men concealed, Cranston and Prageur dose to the gate in order to be among the first to attack. The sand sounded under