RED NAILS 217 tagonism; she was not looking at him, but at the woman opposite him. "I think they dare," restorted Olmec. "But look you, Conan and Valeria, the gods must have sent you to us, to cast vic- tory into the laps of the Tecuhltli! You are professional fighters--why not fight for us? We have wealth in abundance-- precious jewels are as common in Xuchotl as cobblestones are in the cities of the world. Some the Xuchotlans brought with them from Kosala. Some, like the firestones, they found in the hills to the east. Aid us to wipe out the Xotalancas, and we will give you all the jewels you can carry." "And will you help us destroy the dragons?" asked Valeria. "With bows and poisoned arrows thirty men could slay all the dragons in the forest." "Aye!" replied Olmec promptly. ''We have forgotten the use of the bow, in years of hand-to-hand fighting, but we can learn again." "What do you say?" Valeria inquired of Conan. "We're both penniless vagabonds," he grinned hardily. "I'd as soon kill Xota- lancas as anybody." ''Then you agree?" exclaimed Olmec, while Techotl fairly hugged himself with delight. "Aye. And now suppose you show us chambers where we can sleep, so we can be fresh tomorrow for the beginning of the slaying." Olmec nodded, and waved a hand, and Techotl and a woman led the adventurers into a corridor which led through a door off to the left of the jade dais. A glance back showed Valeria Olmec sitting on his throne, chin on knotted fist, staring after them. His eyes burned with a weird flame. Tascela leaned back in her seat, whispering to the sullen-faced maid, Ya- sala, who leaned over her shoulder, her ear to the princess' moving lips. The hallway was not so broad as most they had traversed, but it was long. Presently the woman halted, opened a door, and drew aside for Valeria to enter. "Wait a minute," growled Conan. "Where do I sleep?" Techotl pointed to a chamber across the hallway, but one door farther down. Conan hesitated, and seemed inclined to raise an objection, but Valeria smiled spitefully at him and shut the door in his face. He muttered something uncompli- mentary about women in general, and strode off down the corridor after Techotl. In the ornate chamber where he was to sleep, he glanced up at the slot-like sky- lights. Some were wide enough to admit the body of a slender man, supposing the glass were broken. "Why don't the Xotalancas come over the roofs and shatter those skylights?" he asked. "They cannot be broken," answered Techotl. "Besides, the roofs would be hard to clamber over. They are mostly spires and domes and steep ridges." He volunteered more information about the "castle" of Tecuhltli. Like the rest of the city it contained four stories, or tiers of chambers, with towers jutting up from the roof. Each tier was named; indeed, the people of Xuchotl had a name for each chamber, hall and stair in the city, as people of more normal cities designate streets and quarters. In Tecuhltli the floors were named The Eagle's Tier, The Ape's Tier, The Tiger's Tier and The Ser- pent's Tier, in the order as enumerated, The Eagle's Tier being the highest, or fourth, floor. "Who is Tascela?" asked Conan. "Ol- mec's wife?" Techotl shuddered and glanced furtive- ly about him before answering. "No. She is--Tascela! She was the wife of Xotalanc--the woman Tecuhltli stole, to start the feud."