256 WEIRD TALES the best story in each issue as a reprint? I like the reprints, as I haven't all the copies and would have missed a lot of good stories." John V. Baltadonis, of Philadelphia, writes: "No wonder the characters in Thorp McClusky's Loot of the Vampire considered the Count an eery monster! He certainly looks it, at least in Mrs. Brundage's picturi- zation of that fiendish monster. I was dis- appointed that Loot of the Vampire turned out to be a serial. Think of it, I'll have to wait a few issues before I can read the rest of the story." Alan Chesselet, of Bandon, Oregon, writes: "I have been reading your magazine for about three years and look forward to reading it for a long while yet. As long as I can remember, my mother has bought it and read it, and she talks and praises it so much that she has me reading it." Doctor Satan's Secret Beverly G. Grocke, of Arlington, New Jersey, writes: "What about Paul Ernst let- ting us in on his secret? Who is Doctor Satan? And why isn't he ever caught with his mask off? Can't he die? The Rajah's Gift, your April reprint, was very good. . . . Give us something like C. L. Moore's Yvala again; it was a honey. Yours for better weird tales." Against the Covers E. M. Stubbs, of Detroit, writes: "I am well satisfied with your stories, but I do not like your covers. Brundage has deteriorated, greatly, since she began illustrating in 1933. Her covers are not weird; and after seeing practically the same woman on the cover, month after month, it grows tiresome, to say the least. The best artists you have ever had are St. John and C. C. Senf. I suggest that you let them each do at least one cover. Give them a trial, and see how your readers like them." Books of Weird Tales Jesse Mackay, of Tacoma, writes: "I have been reading your magazine for three years now, and I'd like to make a suggestion. Why couldn't you publish your stories in book form, with illustrations taken from the cover designs? Of course, go on print- ing the magazine, but have these for the ones that would really like to keep the stories. I've been saving the magazine, but it is hard to keep them in good condition. My favorite for the June issue is Black Canaan, by Robert E. Howard. Most Popular Story Readers, what is your favorite story in this issue? Write us a letter expressing your preferences, or fill out the vote coupon below and send it to the Eyrie, in care of Weird Tales. Two stories are in an exact tie, as this issue goes to press, for favorite story in the June number. These are Robert E. How- ard's story of a terrible retribution, Black Canaan, and part one of Thorp McClusky's two-part serial, Loot of the Vampire. MY FAVORITE STORIES IN THE SEPTEMBER WEIRD TALES ARE: Story (1)--------------------------- (2)--------------------------- (3)--------------------------- Remarks I do not like the following stories: (1)--------------------------- (2)--------------------------- Why? It will help us to know what kind of stories you want in Weird Tales if you will fill out this coupon and mail it to The Eyrie, Weird Tales, 840 N. Michigan I Ave., Chicago, Ill. Reader's name and address: W. T.-8