150 WEIRD TALES arm. Desperate, tensed, Ennis heard the chief priest roll forth the last of the ritual. "Shall the Door be opened that They may take the sacrifices?" Stunning, mighty, a tremendous shout that mingled in it worshipping awe and superhuman dread, the answer crashed back. "Let the Door be opened!" The chief priest turned and his up- flung arms whirled in a signal. Ennis, tensing to spring toward Ruth, saw the two priests at the gray mechanism swiftly turn the knurled black knobs. Then En- nis, like all else in the vast cavern, was held frozen and spellbound by what followed. The spherical web of wires pulsed up madly w'ith shining force. And up at the center of the gleaming black oval facet on the wall, there appeared a spark of unearthly green light. It blossomed out- ward, expanded, an awful viridescent flower blooming quickly outward farther and farther. And as it expanded, Ennis saw that he could look through that green light! He looked through into another universe, a universe lying infinitely far across alien dimensions from our own, yet one that could be reached through this door between dimensions. It was a green universe, flooded with an awful green light that was somehow more akin to darkness than to light, a throbbing, baleful luminescence. Ennis saw dimly through green-lit spaces a city in the near distance, an un- holy city of emerald hue whose unsym- metrical, twisted towers and minarets aspired into heavens of hellish viridity. The towers of that city swayed to and fro and writhed in the air. And Ennis saw that here and there in the soft green substance of that restless city were cir- cles of lurid light that were like yellow eyes. In ghastly, soul-shaking apprehension of the utterly alien, Ennis knew that the yellow circles ivere eyes--that that hell- spawned city of another universe was liv- ing--that its unfamiliar life was single yet multiple, that its lurid eyes looked now through the Door! Out from the insane living metropolis glided pseudopods of its green substance, glided toward the Door. Ennis saw that in the end of each pseudopod was one of the lurid eyes. He saw those eyed pseudo- pods come questing through the Door, onto the dais. The yellow eyes of light seemed fixed on the row of stiff victims, and the pseudopods glided toward them. Through the open door was beating wave on wave of unfamiliar, tingling forces that Ennis felt even through the protective robe. The hooded multitude bent in awe as the green pseudopods glided toward the victims faster, with avid eagerness. Ennis saw them reaching for the prisoners, for Ruth, and he made a tremendous mental effort to break the spell that froze him. In that moment pistol-shots crashed across the cavern and a stream of bullets smashed the pulsing web of wires! The Door began instantly to close. Darkness crept back around the edges of the mighty oval. As though alarmed, the lurid-eyed pseudopods of that hell-city re- coiled from the victims, back through the dwindling Door. And as the Door dwindled, the light in the cavern was failing. "Ruth!" yelled Ennis madly, and sprang fonvard and grasped her, his pis- tol leaping into his other hand. "Ennis--quick!" shouted Campbell's voice across the cavern. The Door dwindled away altogether; the great oval facet was completely black. The light was fast dying too. The chief priest sprang madly toward Ennis, and as he did so, the hooded