184 WEIRD TALES ly, say nothing to him. Anyone that inter- feres with El Shabur gets rubbed out like this!" Gunnar stamped a small pebble deep into the sand. "All right," she promised with a shiver. That quick vicious little movement had given her a sudden horrid fear of the sheykh--more than ail Gunnar's words. "I'll say nothing. But Dale is pretty hard to deceive. There never seems any need to tell him things; he just knows them. I expect he's burrowing away under- ground about El Shabur already, just like an old ferret! I happen to Jcnow he loathes him." "Nobody'd think so to see them chin- wagging." "He behaves like a garrulous moron when he's putting salt on anyone's tail, and I've seldom seen him wallowing quite so idiotically as now." "Much more likely the sheykh's put- ting salt on his tail by pretending to be- lieve Dale's a fool." "You don't know Dale." "You don't know El Shabur." Gunnar had the last word--it proved to be accu- rate. They found the two in camp and deep in talk. "Arguing about our pet werewolf." Dale was bland. "Will you sit up with me and try a pot shot at the beast, Gunnar?" The tall Icelander stood in silence. His face was a gray mask, his sunken eyes stared hard and long into the other's blank smooth face. He turned to the sheykh at length. "You suggested this?" Merle shivered at his voice. The Arab shrugged. "On the con- trary. It would be wisdom to sleep before tomorrow's march. If the effendi desires to hunt it would be well to wait until we reach the hills of Siwa." "Well," Dale seemed determined to prolong the discussion, "what do you vote for, old man? The werewolf tonight, or the Siwa hills later?" "The hills--definitely, the hills," the young man's voice cracked on a laugh. "According to legend, you can't kill a werewolf. No use wasting our shots and a night's sleep too." "Thwarted!" moaned Dale. "The hills of Siwa, then. You can promise good hunting there, Sheykh?" "By my sacred wasm." "Wasm?" Dale lighted a cigarette with casual air. "My mark, my insignia, my tribal siga. It is like heraldry in your land." "Heavens above! I must remember to call my little label a tv asm in future. In- triguing word, that! And what is your mark?" El Shabur leaned forward and traced it in the sand. Dale regarded it with a smile that masked deep uneasiness. He recognized the ghastly little sign; he was one of the very few who had the pecu- liar knowledge to do so. A smoke-screen from his eternal pipe shielded his face from the watchful Arab. Was El Shabur trying to trick him into exposing his very special and intimate knowledge of die occult; or did he make that deadly mark feeling sure that only an initiate would recognize it? El Shabur was a Yezidee, a Satanist, and worshipped Melek Taos. The symbol was unmistakably the outspread tail of the Angel-Peacock. Dale recoiled in- wardly at having his darkest fears con- firmed; he knew of no tribe on earth more vidous and powerful than die Yezidees. Their name and their fame went back into mists of time. Seldom did one of them leave his hills and rock-dwelling up be- yond Damascus. Once in a century or so, throughout the ages, a priest of the Yezi- dees would stalk the earth like a blade