234 WEIRD TALES this, he began cursing me in a frightful manner. He said I was cruel and that some day I would be called to account for the way I treated people. I laughed outright at this, but at the same time I felt a vague sense of uneasiness which even yet I have not dispelled. Night: A remarkable thing has hap- pened. I had gone to my room to dress for dinner and I was standing before the mirror tying my tie. I had begun the usual procedure that one follows, when I noticed that no such action was re- corded in the mirror. True, there was my reflection in the glass, but it followed none of the movements that I made. It was immobile! I extended my hand to touch the re- flection and encountered nothing but the polished surface of the mirror. Then I noticed a truly remarkable thing. The re- flection in the mirror wore no tie! I stepped back aghast. Was this an il- lusion? Had my mind and vision been affected by some malady that I was not aware of? Impossible! Then I regarded the reflection with a more careful scru- tiny. There were a number of differences between it and myself. For one thing it wore a stubby growth of beard on its face. I was positive that I had visited the barber that very day and passed my hand across my chin to verify this. It encoun- tered nothing but smooth skin. The lips of the man in the mirror drooped in a display of gnarled, yellow fangs, while my own bared nothing but two rows of gleaming, well-cared-for teeth. I was filled simultaneously with a feel- ing of disgust and fear, and looked for further discrepancies. I found them. The feet and hands were abnormally large, and the clothing of the thing was old, baggy, and covered with filth. I dared not stay longer. I tied the tie as best I could and descended hurriedly to dinner. Aug. 4th. Morning: I awoke feeling jaded and tired. My friend in the mirror is still with me. Ordinarily the reflection of myself, in bed, is caught in the mir- ror, but not so this morning. Instead, I saw that the dweller within had, like myself, been having a night's rest. I hope he slept better than I did, for my own night was a series of fitful, restless toss- ings. "Good morning," I said, rising. When I moved, he moved. As I ad- vanced toward the mirror he drew closer to me. I stopped and surveyed him. He resembled me only remotely--I hope. I smiled, and he responded with a wolfish twist of his mouth. I extended my hand as if I wanted to shake hands with him, but he drew bade as if from fire. I can't understand the terror which he holds for me. I try not to show my fear in front of him, but I feel that, animal-like, he senses it. I refer to the reflection as "he," "him," or "it," for I cannot bring myself to admit that the thing in the mirror is my reflection. But I scarcely dare write what I do believe it to be. I have always been skeptical about such things as "soul," but when I look into the mirror --God help me! Night: I am spending much time in my room now. I've spent most of the day here. This thing is beginning to hold a morbid fasdnation for me. I can't stay away for any length of time. I wish I could. My wife is beginning to worry about me. She says I look pale. She tells me I need a rest--a long rest. If I could only confide in her! In any- one! But I can't. I must fight and wait this out alone. Aug. 5th. There has been little or no change in our relationship. He still re- mains aloof. Today my wife came to my room to see how I was feeling. She stood in such