MASK OF DEATH 157 growing horror on his face as he sensed something here beyond his power to com- prehend. Hardly knowing what he was doing, following only an instinct of fear at the unnatural attitude, he put his hand on Weems' half-raised arm and lowered it to the table. The arm went down like a mechanical thing. The champagne glass touched the table. A woman at the next table screamed and got to her feet with a rasp of her chair that sounded like a thin shriek of fear. For Weems' arm, when it was re- leased, went slowly up again to the same position it had assumed when the man suddenly ceased becoming an animate be- ing, and became a thing like a statue clad in dinner clothes widi a glass in its hand. "Weems!" yelled the friend. And then the orchestra began to play, loudly, with metallic cheerfulness, as the head waiter sensed bizarre tragedy and moved to conceal it as such matters are always concealed at such occasions. Weems sat on, eyes wide, hand half raised to lips. He continued to hold that posture when four men carried him to the elevators and down to the hotel doc- tor's suite. He was still holding it when they sat him down in an easy chair, bent forward a bit as though a table were still before him, eyes staring, hand half raised to drink. The champagne glass was empty now, with its contents spotting his clothes and the roof garden carpets, spilled when the four had borne him from the table. But it was still clenched in his rigid hand, and no effort to get it from his oddly set fingers was success- ful. . . The festivities of the much-heralded opening night went on all over the new-born town of Blue Bay. On the roof garden were several hundred people who were still neglecting talk, drinking and dancing while their startled minds re- viewed the strange thing they had seen; but aside from their number, the cele- brants were having a careless good time, with no thought of danger in their minds. However, there was no Sign of gayety in the tower office suite atop the mam- moth Blue Bay Hotel and just two floors beneath the garden. The three officers of the Blue Bay Company sat in here, and in their faces was frenzy. "What in the world are we going to do?" bleated Chichester, thin, nervous, dry-skinned, secretary and treasurer of the company. "Weems is the biggest stockholder. He is nationally famous. His attack of illness here on the very night of opening will give us publicity so unfavorable that it might put Blue Bay in the red for months. You know how a disaster can sometimes kill a place." "Most unfortunate," sighed heavy-set, paunchy Martin Gest, gnawing his lip. Gest was president of the company. "Unfortunate, hell!" snapped Kroner, vice president. Kroner was a self-made man, slightly overcolored, rather loud, with dinner clothes cut a little too mod- ishly. "It's curtains if anything more should happen." "Hasn't the doctor found out yet what's the matter with Weems?" qua- vered Chichester. Kroner swore. "You heard the last re- ' port, same as the rest of us. Doctor Grays has never seen anything like it. Weems seems to be paralyzed; yet there are none of the symptoms of paralysis save lack of movement. There is no perceptible heart- beat--yet he certainly isn't dead; the com- plete absence of rigor mortis and the fact that there is a trace of blood circulation prove that. He simply stays in that same position. When you move arm or hand, it moves slowly back to the same position again on being released. He has no re- flex response, doesn't apparently hear or feel or see."