162 WEIRD TALES opinion he carefully fostered. Few knew of his real interest in life, which was that of criminal detection. He tensed as he swung into the ante- room of the office suite. Gest, one of the rare persons who knew of his unique de- tective work, had babbled something of a Doctor Satan when he phoned long dis- tance. Doctor Satan! The mention of that name was enough to bring Keane instantly from wherever he was, with his powers pitched to their highest and keen- est point in an effort to crush at last the unknown individual who lived for out- lawed thrills. As soon as he opened the door, it was apparent that something was wrong. There was no one sitting at the informa- tion desk, and from closed doors beyond came the hum of excited voices. Keane went to the door where the hum sounded loudest and opened that. He stared in at three men bending over a fourth who lay on the floor, stark and motionless -- obviously dead! Keane strode to them. "Who are you, sir?" grated Kroner. "'What the devil-" "Keane!" breathed Gest. "Thank God you're here! There has just been a mur- der. I'm sure it's murder--though how it was done, and who did it, are utterly beyond me." "This is your Ascott Keane?" said Kroner, in a slightly different tone. His eyes gained a little respect as they rested on Keane's light gray, icily calm eyes. "Yes. Keane--Kroner, vice president. And this is Chichester, treasurer and sec- retary." Keane nodded, and stared at the dead man. "And this?" "Wilson, assistant manager. He came in a minute or two ago, saying he had something of the utmost importance to tell us about the players in the roulette room. . . ." Keane nodded. He had been told of that just before he took a plane for Blue Bay. Gest swallowed painfully and went on: "Wilson had just started to explain. He said something about the roulette wheel, and then fell dead. Literally. He fell forward on his face as though he had been shot. But he wasn't. There isn't a mark on his body. And he couldn't have been poisoned before he came in here. No poison could act so exactly, striking at die precise second to keep him from disclosing his find." "Doctor's report?" said Keane. "Grays, house physician, is on his wa£ up now. We sent the information girl to get him. Didn't want to telephone. You know how these things spread. We didn't want the switchboard girls to hear of this just yet." Keane's look of acknowledgment was grim. "The publicity. Of course. We'll have to move fast to save Blue Bay." "If you can save it, now," muttered Chichester. The door opened, and Doctor Grays stepped in, with consternation in his brown eyes as he saw die man on the floor. They left him to examine the body, and the three officials told Keane all the details they knew of the strange tragedy that had overtaken Weems and, two and a half hours later, the nine in die rou- lette room. They returned to die conference room. Grays faced them. "Wilson died of a heart attach" he said. "The symptoms are unmistakable. His death seems normal. . . ." "Normal -- but beautifully timed," murmured Keane.