WEIRD TALES 253 this policy in order to attract new lovers of the weird and unusual to our ever-widening circle of readers. And to add to the con- fusion of the old guard, when they finally persuade Brundage to cover her naked wo- men, she does so in such a manner that more readers write in to ask that such indecent pictures be stopped. And so, when I say that I like nudes, since they seem to arouse a certain eery thrill (in admiration of the weird elements that Brundage portrays so well, of course), I seem to be concurring with the general opinion. True, occasionally I receive a curious glance from the gentle- man that presides over the local news stand when I ask for Weird Tales, and once I received a copy of Spice and Ginger Stories in pardonable error, but I am no Milquetoast, and can bear the bitter with the sweet as well as the rest." He Wants Lovecraft's Stories Ivan Funderburgh, R. R. 5, Huntington, Indiana, writes: "The best story of the May issue is The Faceless God. That is one of the best stories I have ever read. I intend to re-read it many times. The history of Nyar- lathotep is interesting. Bloch is approaching Lovecraft. Finlay's illustration is wonderful. I enjoyed Strange Interval, but the shark in- cident isn't enough to make it weird fiction. ... If this should get into the Eyrie, would any reader be willing to sell me Lovecraft's works at a reasonable price? If so, will he please send me a price list ?" Satan's Sub-villain Robert W. Lowndes, of Canaan, Con- necticut, writes: "It is almost with trepida- tion that one picks up the June issue; the April and May numbers were so excellent in every respect, a let-down seems almost in- evitable. If the illustrations are in any way indicative of the stories themselves, then one's fears can be laid; they are splendid. There is one complaint, though: the lettering on the cover. Is the billboard effect neces- sary? Of course, all the cheap magazines do it, but that is why it seems so utterly out of place in WT. Moreover, I had expected to see you adopt permanently the blodc picture style you had on the May issue. It is so eminently superior to the others, so com- pletely distinctive and unique, one wonders why you ever left it. Of course, it is ad- mitted that it does cut down a bit on the cover picture. But the May cover did not CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS SMALL ADS WORTH WATCHING Books ENJOY WILL ROGERS' humorously interesting view- points In--"American Dollars," "European Nobility," "Cowpunchin'." $1 each. Three $2. Limited. Hurry! Francis Sales. Box 173, Ashland, Oregon. Business Opportunities FRANKLY--Would you give $1.00 for a chance to make $45.00, and up, weekly? No canvassing. Par- ticulars tor stamp. Schan Service, 13838 Mitchell, Detroit, Michigan. NEWSPAPER CLIPPINGS PAY. Write Goodall. 230 Bankers Investment Bldg., San Francisco. MATTO EARNING EXTRA CASH YOUR HOBBY. New ideas. Literature 10c. Thornton, Box 1184, Long Beach, Calif. START A BUSINESS OP YOUR OWN! Become a sub- scription representative for "WEIRD TALES." No cap- ital required. Liberal commissions. Monthly bonus- Write for details. Circulation Manager, WEIRD TALES Magazine, 840 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, Ill. Chirography HAVE YOUR HANDWRITING ANALYZED. Know your talents, peculiarities, handicaps! Send page in ink, addressed, stamped envelope. Fee--50c. A. McNeil, Box 783, Wrentham, Massachusetts. Horoscope SPECIAL OFFER! Horoscope Reading, 25c. State date of Birth. M. Carrarini, 213 E. 71st St., Chicago, Ill. Keys MASTER KEYS that open hundreds of locks. Handy in emergencies. 50c brings set postpaid. J. K. Ken- nedy. R. No. 3, Shelby, N. C. Medical TOOTH-ACHE--"Golden Ace" will not fail you. Get yours today. Postpaid 25c. The Golden Lab, 4813 Lake St., Chicago, Ill. Miscellaneous SUCCESSFUL BRAINS. The guide to a full pocket- book. New ideas. Original plans. Money-making se- crets and valuable information. Write National Sup- ply, Box 1761, Station D, Cleveland, Ohio. POCKET GOODS--Adults write for descriptive cir- culars. Frank Shilling, 1017-S Dueber, Canton, Ohio. Razor Blades--Sharpening MEN--Sharpen your own safety razor blades with a Rex Hone. Puts a keen, sharp edge on all blades. Hone 20c postpaid (no stamps). Whelan Bros., 1585 Garland, Detroit, Mich. A Ghostly Voice from the Ether! It was as if some phantom were whispering through the ether in the language of another planet. Read "THE MOON TERROR" (in book form) PRICE--60c Subscribe to WEIRD TALES