140 WEIRD TALES "By heavens, he is!" Campbell ex- plained. "Drive alongside him, and we'll soon have the irons on him." The cutter, its own motors hastily throttled down, shot through the water toward the slowing gray craft. Ennis saw Chandra Dass standing erect, awaiting their coming, he and the two Malays be- side him holding their hands in the air. He saw a half-dozen or more white- wrapped forms in the bottom of the boat, lying motionless. "There are their prisoners!" he cried. "Bring the boat closer so we can jump in!" He and Campbell, their pistols out, hunched to jump as the cutter drove closer to the gray motor-boat. The sides of the two craft bumped, the motors of both idling noisily. Then before Ennis and Campbell could jump into the motor- boat, things happened with cinema-like rapidity. Two of the still white forms at the bottom of the motor-boat leaped up and like suddenly uncoiled springs shot through the air into the cutter. They were two other Malays, their dark faces flam- ing with fanatic light, keen daggers glinting in their upraised hands. " 'Ware a trick!" yelled Campbell. His gun barked, but the bullet missed and a dagger slit his sleeve. The Malays, with wild, screeching yells, were laying about them with their daggers in the cutter, insanely. "God in heaven, they're running amok!" choked the cutter captain. His slashed neck spurting blood and his face livid, he fell. One of his men slumped coughing beside him, another victim of the crazy daggers. 3. Up the Water-Tunnel The man at the searchlight sprang for the maddened Malays, tugging at his pistol as he jumped. Before he got the weapon out, a dagger slashed his jugular and he went down gurgling in death. One of the Malays meanwhile had knocked Inspector Campbell from his feet, his knife-hand swooping down, his eyes blazing. Ennis' gun roared and the bullet hit the Malay between the eyes. But as he slumped limply, the other fanatic was upon Ennis from the side. Before Ennis could whirl to meet him, the attacker's knife grazed down past his cheek like a brand of living fire. He was borne back- ward by the rush, felt the hot breath of the crazed Malay in his face, the dagger- point at his throat. Shots roared quickly, one after another, and with each shot the Malay pressing Ennis back jerked convulsively. With the light of murderous madness fading from his eyes, he still strove to drive the dag- ger home into the American's throat. But a hand jerked him back and he lay pros- trate and still. Ennis scrambled up to find Inspector Campbell, pale and determined, over him. The detective had shot the attacker from behind. The captain of the cutter and two of his men lay dead in the cockpit beside die two Malays. The remaining seaman, the helmsman, held his shoulder and groaned. Ennis whirled. The motor-boat of Chandra Dass was no longer beside the cutter, and there was no sight of it any- where on the black sea ahead. The Hin- doo had taken advantage of the fight to make good his escape with his two other servants and their prisoners. "Campbell, he's gone!" cried the young American frantically. "He's got away!" The inspector's eyes were bright widi cold flame of anger. "Yes, Chandra Dass sacrificed these two Malays to hold us up long enough for him to escape." Campbell whirled to the helmsman, "You're not badly hurt?"