RED NAILS 213 said Conan casually, holding out his wine goblet which Techotl filled with evident pleasure. "But when we'd killed it we had no further trouble." The wine vessel slipped from Techotl's hand to crash on the floor. His dusky skin went ashy. Olmec started to his feet, an image of stunned amazement, and a low gasp of awe or terror breathed up from the others. Some slipped to their knees as if their legs would not support them. On- ly Tascela seemed not to have heard. Co- nan glared about him bewilderedly. "What's the matter? What are you gaping about?" "You--you slew the dragon-god?" "God? I killed a dragon. Why not? It was trying to gobble us up." "But dragons are immortal!" exclaimed Olmec. "They slay each other, but no man ever killed a dragon! The thousand fight- ing-men of our ancestors who fought their way to Xuchotl could not prevail against them! Their swords broke like twigs against their scales!" "If your ancestors had thought to dip their spears in the poisonous juice of Der- keta's Apples," quoth Conan, with his mouth full, "and jab them in the eyes or mouth or somewhere like that, they'd have seen that dragons are not more im- mortal than any other chunk of beef. The carcass lies at the edge of the trees, just within the forest. If you don't believe me, go and look for yourself." Olmec shook his head, not in disbelief but in wonder. "It was because of the dragons that our ancestors took refuge in Xuchotl," said he. "They dared not pass through the plain and plunge into the forest beyond. Scores of them were seized and devoured by the monsters before they could reach the city." "Then your ancestors didn't build Xu- chotl?" asked Valeria. "It was ancient when they first came into the land. How long it had stood here, not even its degenerate inhabitants knew." "Your people came from Lake Zuad?" questioned Conan. "Aye. More than half a century ago a tribe of the Tlazitlans rebelled against the Stygian king, and, being defeated in bat- tle, fled southward. For many weeks they wandered over grasslands, desert and hills, and at last they came into the great forest, a thousand fighting-men with their women and children. "It was in the forest that the dragons fell upon them, and tore many to pieces; so the people fled in a frenzy of fear be- fore them, and at last came into the plain and saw the city of Xuchotl in the midst of it. "They camped before the city, not dar- ing to leave the plain, for the night was made hideous with the noise of the bat- tling monsters throughout the forest. They made war incessantly upon one an- other. Yet they came not into the plain. "The people of the city shut their gates and shot arrows at our people from the walls. The Tlazitlans were imprisoned on the plain, as if the ring of die forest had been a great wall; for to venture into the woods would have been madness. "That night there came secretly to their camp a slave from the city, one of their own blood, who with a band of exploring soldiers had wandered into the forest long before, when he was a young man. The dragons had devoured all his companions, but he had been taken into the city to dwell in servitude. His name w'as Tol- kemec." A flame lighted the dark eyes at mention of the name, and some of the people muttered obscenely and spat. "He promised to open the gates to the warriors. He asked only that all captives taken be delivered into his hands. "At dawn he opened the gates. The warriors swarmed in and the halls of Xu- chotl ran red. Only a few hundred folk dwelt there, decaying remnants of a once