Black Star's Subterfuge 61 When those inside fired again, they drew a volley in reply. "Give it to 'em hot for a while," the chief passed the word. "We won't try any rushes yet--can't be losing men. Get too much criticism--and it isn't necessary. Make it so hot they can't stay near the windows. Give it to 'em!" From all four sides of the factory building volleys were poured at win- dows and doors; and from the windows came answering shots, now in twos and threes, now with such rapidity that it seemed at least a score of men were on the defensive there. "How many crooks has he got with him, do you suppose?" the chief asked. "That is what puzzles me," Verbeck . admitted. "According to his usual methods, there never are more than two or three men besides himself at the headquarters at any one time." "Well, it looks to me like there's a couple of dozen in there now!" "Perhaps," Verbeck offered, "we caught them just at the right time to nab quite a number. According to what was written on the blackboards, six men were to steal the gold, and they may be there for final orders. There may have been other crimes contem- plated for to-night, too. Or, it is pos- sible there is a grand gathering of the band for a distribution of money from other thefts. I have ceased to be sur- prised at anything unusual connected with the Black Star." "Well, we've got him now!" the chief said. "It will be the same old story of police besieging desperate men barricaded in a building. They'll hold us off just so long, and then we'll get in. And I'll bet we find him a suicide when we do." "He made the remark to-night that when the time came he would know how to die, even if he had to descend to suicide." "There you are! Those smooth crooks always do that--can't stand the thought of prison. Well, we'll end his work anyway; we'll get him--either dead or alive." There came another lull in the bat- tle, and then another volley from the windows. From one side of the build- ing came a shriek of pain. "Barton's hit!" the word traveled along the line to the chief. "He's got it bad--through the breast!" The chief sent orders to have the man removed and hurried to a hospital. "That's the thing I'm afraid of," he confided to Verbeck. "I want to get the Black Star, but I don't want to lose men. And those fiends in the factory, if they think they're cornered, will shoot to kill." Another shriek of pain from the side of the building. The chief muttered a curse as he slipped away, following the fence, going to see what man of his had been wounded now. "How long they goin' to keep this up, boss?" Muggs whispered to Verbeck. "They are cornered, Muggs, and you know what that means. I suppose they'll keep it up until the Black Star is dead, and the others decide to sur- render and take their medicine rather than to die. I'm sorry about this. I had hoped the three of us would get the Black Star alone, without gun play." "Why don't they go in and get 'em ?" Muggs demanded, with a tinge of dis- gust in his tone. "It could be done, but we might lose men," Verbeck said. "They can't leave the building without facing police guns --and we're sure to get them in time. The chief intends to batter at them, wear them down, then make a rush when they realize they are losing the fight. They'd fight twice as desperately now, at the beginning of the battle, as they will later, when their nerves are on edge and the truth of the situation dawns on them." 