Black Star's Subterfuge 47 and Riley sped on. He had gained considerably on the taxicab ahead; he did not try to gain more, but kept his distance. Riley was aware that mem- bers of the Black Star's band were familiar with the appearance of Ver- beck's roadster, and did not care to follow the taxicab close enough to make its chauffeur suspicious. The sixth sense that all good police officers pos- sess told Riley to trail that other car, to discover where Muggs was being taken, and why. After a time, the taxi left the broad boulevard, went into a side street, and turned toward the manufacturing dis- trict. Here there was less traffic, and Riley dropped behind, knowing he could speed up and overhaul the other car if it turned aside. Over rough streets, paved with cob- blestones, through muddy alleys, the cab led the way. Riley was using great caution now, never sounding his horn, dropping behind as long as he could see the tail light on the car, speeding up whenever it made a turning. Now they were down near the river, where the street lights were placed far apart, a district teeming with life and industry in the daytime, but almost deserted after nightfall. Here were the city's smaller manufacturing plants, where old factories and abandoned buildings scattered among the ones where machinery hummed during the day. The taxi made another turning, and again Riley raced the roadster forward to the corner, the powerful engine making scarcely a sound. As he ap- proached the corner, he slowed down; when he reached it, he saw that the taxicab had stopped at the curb half a block away. Riley drove the roadster across the street, sprang out, and hurried back to the corner. There was scarcely any light on this block, yet enough for him to make out that two men were carry- ing a third between them from the taxi and through a gate in a factory fence. The semidarkness was kind to Riley. He slipped from shadow to shadow, came to the fence, and hurried along it, careful to make no noise. At the gate he stopped to peer around the post. The two men were carrying Muggs through a little door in the side of an abandoned factory building. Riley waited until they had disap- peared, then hurried across the in- closure, reaching the corner of the building just in time to escape being seen by the chauffeur as he emerged. The chauffeur hurried out to the car, and Riley let him go. To attack the man might mean that he would fail to subdue him, that an alarm would be given, and all chance to investigate this affair further be lost. Riley slipped in through the door and found himself in a narrow, dark hallway. He heard no sound. He fol- lowed the hall for some distance, until he came to a flight of steps. Down these he hurried, and into another hall. He came to a door beneath which light showed. To the right of the door was another flight of steps that led upward, and there was an open door at the top. Riley listened for some time, and heard no conversation. He hurried up the steps and through the door, to find himself in a dusty room, half filled with rusty machinery. Light came through the floor. Riley knelt on the dusty boards and peered through a tiny crack. He gasped at what he saw. Muggs was stretched on a couch in a corner. Before a blackboard stood the Black Star; before another blackboard was the gowned and masked figure of Muggs' abductor. The Black Star was writing: "Understand? Return in hour and half with taxi to take this man and the other away again. They must be put to sleep first, of course." The other man nodded and backed 