The Captive Soul 91 I was unconscious at the time, and knew nothing for a week. I was severely bruised about the head and body where the boat had crushed me, injuries un- heeded in my excitement." Suddenly, as abruptly as he had come, he rose from his chair, crossed the room, and disappeared through the door into the dripping night. By two o'clock, the gale had risen to a hurricane, and, stout as was my cabin, it trembled in the grip of the wind. Now and then, above the roar of the tempest, I could hear the crash of some great pine in the flat woods to the north of me. That September storm along the Gulf coast was the event from which people in that region reckon time. It was noon the next day before I ventured out on the flooded bayou in a canoe that I had fortunately carried indoors. Making my way over to Cody, I was astonished at the havoc that had been done by wind and water. The story I had heard the night be- fore had gripped me with a strong fascination, that I could not shake off. I tried to put my strange visitor down as unbalanced, as some poor unfor- tunate under a delusion. But, some- how, there was such a ring of the gen- uine in what he had told me, something in his description of the scientist so like what I imagined Hetzel to be, that I felt, in spite of my desire to discredit the whole thing, the man's statement warranted an investigation. I tried to find some one in Cody from whom I could make inquiries. But all were in dire distress and confusion, with scant heed for anything but their own troubles. Many houses had been wrecked, several lives had been lost, and everybody was more or less un- comfortable and miserable. At last I came on a little group at the water's edge, gazing off across the sound, and taking turns at peering through a pair of glasses. "What is it?" I asked. "Hetzel's place is gone," replied one of them. "That whole end of the island is washed away. Here, take a look." FINGER PRINTS AGAIN PROVE VALUE TWO brothers, twins, as alike in appearance as two peas in a pod, have been discovered in the rogues' gallery records to be serving separate sentences of five years for burglaries committed in Los Angeles. When the pictures of the brothers reached Adolph Juhl, head of the police identification bureau, in San Francisco, California, it was thought at first that the prison records were in error, that through some slip two records had been sent out for the same man. Juhl immediately wired to the officials at San Quentin and Folsom, asking for the finger prints of Mesak Kartangen, which is the name claimed by both men, and it was only when the prints were examined under the glass that it was found that there were two separate and distinct Mesak Kartangens. The men have prison records in various parts of the country, and both are graduates of reformatories. One was convicted March 20, 1915, and the other March 18th, of this year. They are twenty-two years old. 