96 Detective Story Magazine red appeared in each pale cheek, and his rather weak jaw was thrust out. ag- gressively. ''By Heaven!" he breathed. "I be- lieve you are in league with the fellow. I'll swear I do! How otherwise could you know that--" "That will be about enough of that, Gillespie!" the detective said sternly. He had heard too many such accusa- tions in the last few hours. "If you have come to me for help, as your rather abrupt opening words would seem to indicate, let me warn you that you are not furthering your cause by insulting me." "I--I beg your pardon, Mr. Flint," the bewildered young man stammered. "I didn't mean it, of course, but you are positively uncanny, and I could not un- derstand how--" "It's very simple, though," Flint told him. "I've been robbed of some papers, unfortunately, and those dealing with your case are among them. Naturally, therefore, when you rushed in in that fashion, I concluded that the thief had tried to bleed you." "Oh! So that was it?" Gillespie murmured somewhat sheepishly. Again, however, his anger and sense of injury got the upper hand. "Then it's you I have to thank for this, after all!" he cried. "I supposed my secret safe with you, as safe as if it were buried with me. Now, you calmly announce that it has been stolen from you. This is too much, Flint! Can't you keep your papers where they will be safe? What right have you got to preserve such records, anyway? Why don't you destroy them for the sake of your cli- ents? It's unbearable! This will be the ruin of me! If Florence finds out about it, she will refuse to marry me, and--" The detective held up his hand com- mandingly, and the young man--he did not appear to be over twenty-five-- lapsed into silence. "I have already told you, Gillespie, that I profoundly regret what has hap- pened. You are forgetting yourself, though, and wasting time. I already know who made away with those pa- pers, and, with your assistance, I hope to lay a trap for him that will bring his schemes to an end very quickly. I think I can promise you that there will be no publicity, and that nothing need inter- fere with your approaching marriage. Now, tell me precisely what has hap- pened." Young Gillespie was several times a millionaire, having inherited a large for- tune from his father a year or two be- fore. The responsibility thus involved upon him had sobered him down in a remarkable manner, and he was looked upon in certain quarters as one of the coming leaders in the financial world. Before his father's death, however, he had sown a lot of wild oats of one sort or another, and it was in connection with one of these youthful escapades that Flint had been called in about four years previously. The affair threatened to be very seri- ous, for the time, but the detective's skill had been brought to bear in a sur- prising manner, with the result that everything had been smoothed out as well as possible without the vaguest rumor having got abroad. The young man fumbled in his pocket with a gloved hand, and produced a sheet of notepaper, the top of which had obviously been cut away. "That was found under the door when the house was opened up this morning," he said. "Here's the en- velope. It was not stamped, of course." Flint smoothed out the sheet of pa- per and looked at the sprawling, uncer- tain writing that covered it. He read: I know all about the affair of four years ago. My price for silcnce is one hundred thousand dollars. Have it ready when I call, or pay it to any one who may present an 