Two--Not of A Kind by Ladd Plumley WHEN Jenifer Melvin Cobb's clerk discharged himself, the time was two-thirty; when Jenifer's bloody shirt was removed, and a doctor administered a heart stimulant, the time was four-ten. In this hour and forty minutes, if Cobb learned nothing, there is no hope that he will ever learn anything. "We've got 'em coming like crows to cornfields in May!" Cobb merrily gloated. "Big mail. Saturday, but I can't let you off this afternoon." The clerk's face showed that he was not as enthusiastic as his employer concerning the mail. He braved a mut- tered remonstrance. "What's that?" snapped Cobb. "What do I pay you for?" The clerk, who had been about to leave the private office, turned and pre- sented to his employer an angry face. "I've decided, Mr. Cobb," he said, "that I'll be looking for another job. It isn't altogether the long hours, and no Sat- urday afternoons. I'll put it hard from the shoulder--I don't like the business." "Suffering Moses!" exclaimed Cobb. "If you don't like your job, you can dig out, of course. But you haven't the right to spout anything against the business. What's in your mind? Speak up. Chuck your grouch! Don't stand there with your mouth open like a calf choking on an apple. Chuck it--and, if you want, get out. It's easy to dig up clerks. There're plenty of strap hangers waiting to drop into your seat." "These lots you're selling," grumbled the clerk. "There's a fellow who's from the east--Long Island--he's put me wise about that land--the last is the worst--the Clearwater addition. The fellow chucked it that there isn't any real land there. All bogs. He says you'd have to scoop cellars with a spoon. He says-" "That'll do," jerked in Cobb. "Do the advertisements state that they're not swampy? Those lots are just as they're represented. There's no come-back. The Clearwater addition is inside of a circle that takes thirty miles around the center of the biggest city on the globe. Who says those lots aren't the biggest bargain you can find between old New York and the Pacific coast?" "I do!" snapped back the clerk, his jaw suddenly seeming to grow a square- ness that before had not been notice- able. "And it isn't only the Clearwater addition--it's everything. I get out. See! Nobody ever said I was a softy, and I ain't. But selling acre boglands in scraps, where there ain't nothing but a country road miles and miles away, and selling to women who think they're let into a sixteen-carat proposition! I ain't a softy, but it's got its hooks into me, and here's where I get out!" 