A Rustic Rival 81 he ripped up the floor and stole the empty box. "Meanwhile his dog stepped on a piece of an old bottle, and cut his foot. Then he limped over to your coat, and lay down on it while he nursed his wound. The bloodstains led to the theory that you had been murdered. Our friend Mr. Fairman was impolite enough to say that some of the dog's hair looked very much like yours. "After a study of the case, I sent some telegrams requesting the police of neighboring towns to arrest a tramp with a three-legged dog. I subsequently arrested him myself. I also recovered your box, by following the trail of three legs out of four--for I knew, of course, that the dog was so badly hurt that he would hold up one of his feet. "Your wife's disappearance this morning, and her subsequent demeanor could be explained only on the theory that she had come over here to see you, and had found you all right. There- fore I came to seek you here. I sup- pose she persuaded you not to testify against her brother, and that you in- tended to hide at his house to avoid service of the summons. Am I right?" "Yes, blast you!" said Bennett. "And the horse?" queried Nick. "Did he run away?" "Yes; confound him. I had just hitched him up this morning, intending to take him back before it was light, when he bolted. I went after him, but lost the track, and when I at last got in sight of the house, there were a lot of people around, and I didn't dare to go in." Nick turned to Fairman. "I'm obliged to you for a pleasant and novel experience," he said. "Will you join us on our fishing trip this afternoon?" "No!" growled Fairman. "I'm going home, to kick myself." LOSES HIS FALSE TEETH WHILE IN JAIL THE whole Cheyenne, Wyoming, police force, moved by compassion and urged on by apprehension that the owner will starve to death in the meanwhile, is searching for a set of false teeth, the property of W. Kennedy, of Johnsons, Colorado, who is reported to be living on bread and milk while the search is in progress. The teeth were lost by Kennedy while he was in the city jail, following an incursion into "wet" Cheyenne from "dry" Colorado, and Kennedy complains that he hasn't the price of a new set. He relates his woe in the following letter to Chief of Police Embery: Chief: Doubtless you remember me and doubtless you don't, but I'm the guy what lost a pair of false teeth while I was in your bull pen. I didn't know that I had lost them until I got home and started on steak and potatoes. Now I won't be able to eat until I get them or part with ten ($10) dollars, which I haven't got. Yours in pain, W. Kennedy. Johnsons, Colo. Chief Embery has had the jail searched and has instructed the police to search all other inmates of the jail at the time Kennedy was a prisoner there that they may be able to locate the teeth, but no trace of them has been found. 6A DS 