98 Detective Story Magazine other room, and, seating him in the light, proceeded to busy himself with his make-up materials and appliances. At the end of half an hour, the trans- formation was complete. "Will this do?" asked Flint, turning from the glass and facing his visitor. "By Jove, marvelous!" Gillespie cried enthusiastically. "By the time you've got into my clothes, you'll be able to pass for me anywhere. Luckily, there's only my old butler, Simms, and his wife, at the house, as I've been abroad, and was not expected home as yet. The chauffeur outside is a new man, and has never seen me before." "Good!" Flint answered. "Now for the clothes.'' Soon the disguise was complete, and, after another careful inspection of him- self, Flint was ready to leave. "I'll explain matters to my people here as I go out," he said. "Come this way and I'll show you the room you may occupy in my absence. I hope you'll find it comfortable. Don't hesi- tate to ask for anything you want, and I'll let you know as soon as there's any- thing to report." After conducting his guest to one of the spare bedrooms, the detective parted with Gillespie, and ascended the stairs. Five minutes later he stepped into the waiting car as if he owned it. "Home!" he ordered, and the ma- chine whirled away in the direction of upper Fifth Avenue. Meanwhile, from behind one of the curtains at the front of the detective's house, the young man had seen the car drive off, and, as it passed out of sight, a remarkable change came over him. He threw back his head and laughed in a curiously noiseless way that many an ex-convict has. He laughed until the tears rolled down his cheeks, and at last flung him- self into a chair and fairly panted for breath. At length, he recovered him- self, however, and wiped his eyes. Simultaneously, his face took on harsher lines. The fresh complexion of youth seemed singularly out of place now, for age and experience--and evil--peered through the veneer. Had there ever been any doubt about Green Eye Gordon's daring, there could be none any longer, for this was the criminal himself. In some manner best known to him- self, he had managed to learn of Flint's return, and had taken this extraor- dinary means of fooling the detective-- an example of supreme audacity, in which he was manifestly taking the greatest delight. He expected to kill more than two birds with the one stone. "Oh, what a sell!" he thought. "How are the mighty fallen! You don't hap- pen to know, my dear Flint, that the real Chester Gillespie is still abroad, and that while you are waiting for your bird in that gloomy old mansion across from the park, your enterprising little friend Ernest will be tapping the vari- ous other sources of income as rapidly as he can." Nevertheless, when the first flash of triumph had passed, there seemed to be an undercurrent of uneasiness in the scoundrel's mood and manner. Doubt- less, he knew that in boldness lay his only hope, but perhaps he allowed him- self to fear for the time being, that even boldness would be insufficient in the long run against such an antagonist. Apparently, the great detective had been completely taken in by this latest astounding ruse, but very likely Gordon realized that he was in the lion's mouth, and that there was no knowing when the jaws might close with a snap. Some time after Green Eye returned to Flint's study, the door opened, and Judson entered. Flint's assistant did not look any too well satisfied with his work thus far. "I beg your pardon," he said, halting 