Black Star's Subterfuge 49 robe and mask, and played master rogue for a day. Riley decided now that the best plan would be to get into that lower room and make the Black Star prisoner. Then Roger Verbeck could play rogue again, and as the members reported for orders, they could be captured, one at a time. Riley knew he courted disaster if he stepped into that room and faced the Black Star in the guise of a police of- ficer. He did not doubt that the Black Star, even facing a loaded pistol, might use some trick, and turn the scales in his favor. Had he not, once before, touched a button with his toe and sent Roger Verbeck to the bottom of a pit twelve feet deep? "If I could get into a gown and mask, and get right beside him without him suspecting me-" Riley mused. Gown and mask, he doubted not, were to be found some place in the lower hall. But, once inside the room, Riley would have to give number and countersign to throw the Black Star off his guard for an instant--the in- stant necessary to do the work properly. That was what bothered Riley--the number and countersign. Then he remembered the man who was to return and take Verbeck and Muggs away. Riley got up from the floor, crept down the stairs, and hid among the shadows in the lower hall near the outside door. He did not have to wait long. A shadowy form slipped through the gate and took up a position a few paces out- side the door. Crouching just inside, Riley waited. The other was waiting, too, looking at his watch now and then, and grumbling. And then, down the street, came a taxicab. It stopped at the curb. The chauf- feur glanced up and down the street, and then darted through the gate and hurried toward the door. The other man stepped forward to meet him. "You're five minutes late," he said. "Want me to catch particular fits from the big boss?" "Got here as soon as I could. I'm No. 20--countersign Trenton." "I'm No. 10--countersign Jackson." "Good. What's the game?" "We've got this Roger Verbeck and his valet inside. I'm to put 'em to sleep, and we're to take 'em near Ver- beck's house and drop 'em there. Stand near the door and be ready to help. I'll get into the robe and mask, and have 'em out here in a jiffy!" The chauffeur turned his back and glanced at his cab; the other man whirled around and started for the door. Riley had the information he desired now. He knew this man's number and countersign, and how to use them. The man who had entered the hall- way went to a small box against the wall, and took from it robe and mask. As he raised the robe to don it, De- tective Riley struck swiftly and with precision--a sharp blow from a black- jack in the approved place just behind the left ear. The Black Star's man went down without a groan. Riley gagged him with a handker- chief, and bound his hands and feet with some old straps he had carried for that purpose from the room above. Working swiftly, he put on gown and mask, rolled the unconscious man to one side, and fumbled around the box until he found a push button. He pressed the button; a bell tinkled in the distance. Almost immediately there was an answering tinkle, and Riley hurried through the hallway and opened the door of the illuminated room. His glance rested first on the glit- tering eyes of the Black Star, then upon Verbeck and Muggs. Whether the Black Star was aware of the deception or not, Riley did not know; but he was forced to turn his back and write his number on the blackboard. The coun- 4A DS 