Snarled Identities 97 order from me. Don't think you can stop this by trying to have me arrested. You will fail, and the whole story will come out. I have fully arranged for its publication, no matter what happens to me. The money is the only thing that will buy my silence. Pay it, and your secret is safe. What is more, you will never hear from me again. Refuse to pay it. and--ruin! It was a bold letter, but Flint saw that it was nothing but a bluff. He said as much. "I hope you haven't been deceived by this," he remarked, tapping the sheet. "This fellow is working alone, you may be sure, and, therefore, it isn't at all likely that he has 'arranged' anything of the sort in case he should be ar- rested. By this, as you ought to know, the newspapers would not publish a story about you without warning. You have too much money and too many friends. You would have an oppor- tunity to bring your influence to bear, and the story would be killed." "That sounds plausible enough," Gil- lespie admitted. "That's what I would tell any one else in my position, if he were similarly threatened. When this sort of thing comes home to a fellow, though, it makes a lot of difference." "I know," the detective replied, with a nod. "That's the sort of mood such a scoundrel counts on." He paused and thoughtfully fingered the letter. "I must confess that this is a disap- pointment," he resumed slowly. "I had hoped that the blackmailer would set a definite time for his call, or ask you to take the money to some specified place. This, however, avoids anything of that sort, and leaves me nothing definite to go on. All it tells us is that he expects to call at some unnamed hour--perhaps to-day, perhaps to-morrow, perhaps not for several days. I think we need not bother about the hint that he may send some one with a written order, for if such a person presented himself, I feel sure it would be the blackmailer, and no other. This absence of details, how- ever, makes it rather difficult to know just what to do." "How would this do?" Gillespie said hesitatingly. "You are a genius at make-up. Why don't you pass your- self off for me? Go to my place on Fifth Avenue and wait for this fellow, wherever he is, to call? The chances are that he won't put it off very long, and even if you had to remain there a couple of days, you would not mind, would you, if you could nab your man at the end of your wait?" CHAPTER XLIII. AN ASTOUNDING RUSE. GIILLESPIE went on more confi- dently: "It ought to give him the shock of his life to think he's dealing merely with me, and then to have you reveal yourself to him. Of course, we could both stay there, and you could walk in and collar him while he was holding me up, but I'm afraid he may be watching the house. In that case, he would be suspicious if he saw any one else going in and not coming out again, no matter whether he recognized you or not." Flint smiled slightly. "You must have been reading detec- tive stories lately, Gillespie," he com- mented. "However, it isn't a bad idea, and I'm inclined to try it. There are certain other advantages about it which make it appeal to me. How about you, though? You would have to remain here as long as I found it necessary to stay at your place." "Oh, that's all right. I don't mind. I'll promise to keep out of sight, and if I have to stay overnight, I suppose I can find a bunk somewhere, if you'll explain my presence to your servants." "You certainly can," Flint assured him; "and let's hope that you won't have to kick your heels here very long." The detective conducted him into an- 7A DS 