78 Detective Story Magazine back against the stable. Then he sprang away, uttering a loud cry, and point- ing to the field. I looked, and saw a woman running. Just as my eye lighted upon her, she dodged behind some bushes on the edge of the garden. "It's Mrs. Bennett!" cried Fairman. "She's coming back." "Don't let her know that you saw her," said Nick, and he drew us into the stable. We watched cautiously from a win- dow. The woman approached the house, shielding herself from observa- tion as well as she could. No one saw her but us. She passed on the other side of the barn. We walked hurriedly through the stable, crossed the yard, and entered the kitchen of the house, just as she came in by a door on the opposite side. The room was an L, and occupied the full width of it. "Good morning, Mrs. Bennett," said Nick. "Where have you been?" "Well, that's cool," she rejoined. "If it's any of your business, I've been down to the barn, looking out for the cows." "You don't seem to take much inter- est in this robbery." "Why should I? We'll never see the money again. It's gone, and there's the end of it. Some of those pesky tramps have stolen it. I should think the law might do something to protect us from those critters." "Where is your husband?" "I dunno. He's gone off somewhere. He'll be back in a day or two." "Who hitched up your horse this morning?" "The tramp, I reckon. He probably intended to steal him, but was fright- ened away. I heard the horse in the yard, and went out to take care of him." "Mrs. Bennett," said Fairman, break- ing in, "why do you act in this way? A crime has been committed, and you seem disposed to shield the criminal. Don't you know that we have reason to believe that your husband has met with foul play?" "You mean he's been murdered?" she cried. Fairman bowed his head. "I don't believe it!" she exclaimed; and then, falling into a chair, she buried her face in her hands, while her frame shook as with sobs. At first I pitied her, but, on closer inspection, I decided that she was only pretending to cry. The woman's heartlessness shocked me. That she was an accomplice in the crime was to me a matter of certainty. Her clumsy efforts to account for her husband's absence, and her absurd as- sumption of the manner of an innocent person ignorant of the facts would have excited my pity if the enormity of her crime had not made them abhor- rent. I tried to question her, but she would not speak. Nothing could induce her to move from that chair or to take her hands from her face. Nick paid no attention to the woman. "I'm going over to the railroad sta- tion," said he to me. "I want to send telegrams to the surrounding towns, giving a description of the criminal, with directions for his arrest." "A description!" I cried. "How can you give that?" "I can furnish one that is infallible," said Nick, with a smile. "There was something in his foot- prints-" Nick shook his head. "I never saw any that were more commonplace." "Then I'm all at sea." Fairman's face took on a strange ex- pression, made up of surprise, disap- pointment, and a dozen other emotions. He followed Nick to the door. "You have learned about Martin 