54 Detective Story Magazine spoke in the presence of one of his men, but in a low voice not like his own. They let Verbeck slip down to the floor. He continued his acting, but his eyes did not close entirely. He was breath- ing regularly now, yet carefully and not deeply. And through his half-closed eyes he watched the vapor gun, fear- ing it would be turned against him again, that he would be caught off guard and inhale the sleep-producing gas. The Black Star clapped his hands and hurried to the blackboard. Ver- beck heard the squeak of the crayon as he wrote, but could not see what was being written without turning his head, and he did not dare do that. The man who had used the vapor gun bent and took the bonds from Ver- beck's wrists and ankles. He caught Verbeck under the arms from behind, and lifted him gently and carried him toward the door. He threw the door open. They were in the dark, narrow hall- way now, and the door was closed be- hind them. Verbeck's captor was dragging him along, and Verbeck con- tinued to pretend unconsciousness, al- lowing his dead weight to rest upon the other man's shoulder. They made a turn, and there another man waited. "Got him?" he whispered. "Yes--he put up a scrap. Wait un- til I get this gown and mask off." The chauffeur held Verbeck, while the other removed the regalia. Then they took him along the narrow cor- ridor toward the door. Verbeck did not know what instant they would discover he was conscious and use the vapor gun again to better advantage. He remembered the chalk he still held in one fist. A few chalk marks might serve as a trail and point the way to the Black Star's den. He moved his fingers until he held one of the sticks of crayon in position for writing. He managed to lurch against the wall--and left a long, white mark. They made another turn, went up a short flight of steps. Verbeck made more marks. A door was opened, and the cold night air struck them. Out- side, Verbeck saw a littered factory yard, with a gate in the distance, and a taxicab waiting before it at the curb. Verbeck continued his acting as they half carried him across the yard to the gate, and there they propped him against the wall for a moment, while the chauffeur glanced up and down the street, and started the engine. And when they carried him forward again, Verbeck had left on the gatepost and the wall beside it a series of crosses marked with chalk. They reached the cab. Verbeck man- aged to break off a small piece of crayon and grind it beneath one heel, leaving a white blotch on the dirty walk. They tossed him inside--and he lurched across the unconscious Muggs and fell against the opposite door. The window was open, and Verbeck managed to fall on the seat in such fashion that the hand holding the chalk was extended a few inches out of the window. The chauffeur sprang to his seat; the other man entered the cab and closed the door; the vehicle started away. Now Verbeck's every sense was alert, though he continued to pretend uncon- sciousness. Born and reared in this city as he was, yet he did not recognize the locality from what he saw through the window of the cab. He could guess what part of the city it was in, but that was all. And there was going to be no time to waste if the Black Star's headquarters was to be raided in time to prevent the gold theft. It was essential that Verbeck he able to lead police to the scene as speedily as possible. There would be no time to search fif- teen or twenty blocks for some certain 