Snarled Identites 99 at sight of the supposed Gillespie. "I didn't know any one was here. Are you alone?'' "Yes," Gordon answered coolly. "Mr. Flint has gone out. I think he left word for you with the butler, but I might as well explain that he's absent on an errand for me, and that I'm to remain in more or less close confine- ment here until he returns." And in response to a look of sur- prise on Judson's face, he explained a little further: "If you wish to call him up-" "No, not now," Flint's assistant inter- rupted quietly. "I have nothing to re- port as yet." That was good news to Gordon, for he felt sure that Judson had been try- ing to pick up some clew to the where- abouts of the electric car, and if so, it was plain that he had failed to make any headway. "Well, I'll leave you in possession here and go into the room Mr. Flint placed at my command." Green Eye re- marked easily, rising to his feet and helping himself to another of Flint's cigars. "If there's no objection, I shall appropriate some writing materials." Judson supplied him with paper and envelopes, et cetera, and assured him that the study was his to use if he wished, but the visitor would not con- sent to "be in the way." Three minutes later, he was in the bedroom, with the door closed. Quickly he removed the tapestry cover and droplight from the small table between the windows, and, draw- ing up a chair, set to work. It was clear that his desire to write some letters was genuine enough, and the fact that he cut the engraved head- ings from several sheets of paper sug- gested that the privacy of the room was welcome. At the end of an hour he was still writing, and beside him were several sealed and stamped envelopes addressed to a number of well-known names. The campaign was going forward. "I shall have to find some means of getting rid of this man Judson though," Green Eye told himself, as he finished one of the letters and leaned back in a chair. "These fellows I have written to will come flocking here be- fore long, and I must be Thorndyke Flint again, in order to receive them properly." CHAPTER XLIV. FLINT'S SUSPICIONS CONFIRMED. IF the criminal could have read Thorndyke Flint's mind about that time, he would have been still more un- easy--and with good reason. Ernest Gordon had not been the only one who had played a part during that interview with Flint, which had ended in the detective's act of copying his caller's features, and borrowing his clothes. For the first few minutes, it must be confessed that the detective was com- pletely deceived. He knew Green Eye to be a master of surprises, but it had not occurred to him to suspect that the clever rascal would resort to anything so spectacular. Besides, Gordon had placed himself so that the light did not fall strongly. It was not until Flint's caller sug- gested a change of identities that the detective began to question. It was very seldom that a client presumed to offer such assistance, and Flint's knowl- edge of Chester Gillespie had not pre- pared him for such a proposition. He gave no evidence, however, that the seed of suspicion had been planted, but fell in with the suggestion, knowing that in carrying it out, he would have the best possible opportunity of studying his visitor. He noted a slight hesitation on the latter's part when he had asked him to 