Snarled Identities 101 very glad that he had done so, for the letter read as follows: Dear Old Lunatic: You do not seem to have improved in the matter of memory or level-headedness. You write me from some unpronounceable place in South America--I judge solely from the postmark--and do not tell me where to find you. How the dickens can I join you down there for a month's shooting, if you do not give me more par- ticulars? I know you too well, you see, to imagine for a moment that you stayed more than a day or two at the place from which you wrote. That was nearly two weeks ago, and by this time you may be thousands of miles away from there. Your letter was forwarded to me up here in Maine, and the best thing I can think of doing is to send this to your New York ad- dress, in the hope that it will be forwarded to you with as little delay as possible. There was a little more of it, but the rest does not matter. It was signed by a well-known young man about town. So that was it, was it? The only original Chester Gillespie was still down in South America, and only about two weeks before had written to a New York friend, inviting him down for a month's shooting. That argued that he did not expect to return for many weeks. In some manner, Gordon must have learned that interesting fact, and, seemingly, had disguised himself as Gil- lespie, with the aid of a photograph or photographs of that young man. So much for the way the trick had been sprung. For the rest, there was no doubt in Flint's mind as to Green Eye's further intentions. The criminal had learned of the detective's return, and had guessed what Flint's plan of campaign would be. In other words, he had concluded that Flint had the index of the records in the safe, and could easily find out which ones were missing. Knowing by that means where danger threatened, Flint could see a trap for the black- mailer, with the help of one or more of the latter's unidentified victims. "He knew just about what to ex- pect," the detective mused, "and when he found that Gillespie was out of the country, having left only a couple of old people in charge of the house, he hit upon this scheme of circumventing me. If he's left alone, he'll find some means of sending Judson off on a wild- goose chase, or otherwise dispose of him, and then he'll impersonate me once more, and in that disguise he'll probably advise his victims to pay the sums demanded. "Oh, it's a pretty smooth scheme-- one of the smoothest anybody ever thought out! I'm afraid, however, that he's inclined to underrate my intelli- gence, and to overrate his own ability." CHAPTER XLV. FLINT AND JUDSON COMPARE NOTES. IT was not until dusk that Thorndyke Flint left the Gillespie house, and when he did so, it was on foot. He had not gone more than a block or so, how- ever, before he hailed a passing taxi, and ordered the chauffeur to drive to a certain corner of Madison Avenue. The corner named was only a block from Flint's house. Some hours had passed since Flint had read the letter which revealed the whereabouts of the real Chester J. Gil- lespie, but he had been in no hurry to act. For one thing, he wished to give the scoundrel a sense of security in this new and climax-capping adventure. Flint was still disguised as Gillespie, but he was wearing a golf cap, which he had pulled down over his eyes, and a light overcoat, with upturned collar. His purpose was to get in touch with his assistant in one way or another, and his only anxiety concerned the possi- bility that Gordon had already got rid of Judson. Fortunately, that was not the case, and, after a wait of no more than half or three-quarters of an hour, the young 