Snarled Identities 107 he has already squandered everything he picked up over there." Then the door opened, and a tragic figure entered. The caller's face was haggard, his eyes wild, his hair disor- dered. Even his clothing seemed care- lessly worn and ill fitting, though Lums- den had always been considered one of the best-dressed men in the profession. Certainly he did not look like a comedian now, successful or otherwise. "Something terrible has happened!" he burst out. "Mr. Flint, I am being blackmailed! Somebody has learned the secret which I thought safe with you, and has demanded an enormous sum of money. It means my ruin, un- less--" "I know all about it, I am sorry to say," the bogus detective interrupted. Once more he gave a brief and very unsatisfactory explanation, pointing to the rifled safe, and winding up with a statement of his belief that there was nothing to do but to pay--"just as a temporary expedient, of course." Naturally, that advice did not appeal to the actor any more than it had to ex- Senator Phelps, but Gordon adroitly argued him into a somewhat less im- patient mood. "How much does he want?" "A cool hundred thousand," was the bitter reply, and it did not convey any real news to the man in Flint's desk chair. "And I haven't more than eighty thousand to my name!" "The devil you haven't!" Green Eye exclaimed harshly. "Not after that London engagement?" He had spoken without thinking, and did not realize what he had said until the caller looked sharply at him. "I beg your pardon, Lumsden!" he hastened to say. "That must have sounded impertinent, I'm afraid. I meant no offense, I assure you. It was merely surprise. You know, we out- siders are inclined to think that you popular actors are made of money." "Well, we're not," the other an- swered, as if slightly mollified. "What shall I do?" "Pay what you can," Gordon an- swered promptly. "I know it doesn't appeal to you, my friend, but as I have said, it's only temporary. I'll have the fellow where I want him in short order, you may be sure. This is only in the nature of insurance to keep the rascal from carrying out his threats before I can stop his activities." That seemed to appeal strongly to the actor. "It's asking a good deal to trust everything to you, including my whole bank roll, when the trouble originated through you," he said. "However, I see nothing else to do. I'll do as you suggest. Anything is better than ex- posure, and I can always earn more money if I have to see the last of this." He paused for a moment. "By Jove!" he ejaculated. "You have made me feel that I shan't be comfortable until I've paid the money over. If you don't mind, I'll make out a check to self right now, and take it to the bank to be cashed, so that I can turn over the currency to the scoun- drel when he comes." Green Eye had no objection to that, of course; in fact, it brought an an- ticipatory glitter to his eyes. With shaking hands, Lumsden took a check book from his pocket, seating himself in the chair which Gordon vacated for the purpose. When he tried to write, however, he found it exceedingly diffi- cult to do so. "Confound it!" he cried impatiently. "See how infernally nervous I am! Would you mind filling this in for eighty thousand, Mr. Flint, and then I'll try to sign it." "Gladly," Green Eye said, with alacrity, reseating himself in the va- cated chair, and taking the pen from his visitor's trembling hand. 