38 Detective Story Magazine But we must get him home. Have one of your men call a taxicab, and let it go into the alley. We can get him through the hallway and kitchen and into the cab. I presume you do not wish to have the other diners disturbed?" The manager of the restaurant did not--that was what was worrying him. He sent a waiter to call the cab. He watched while the physician mixed a drop of medicine in water and poured the mixture down Verbeck's throat. The manager did not think it peculiar, in that moment of excitement, that the physician carried a vial of medicine in his waistcoat pocket. "We'll take care of him, sir," the doctor went on. "This is a friend of mine who was dining with me. Do not be alarmed--I assure you, Mr. Verbeck will be himself again within an hour. It really is an advertisement for your place, rather than otherwise--it shows your food is rich." The physician chuckled and smiled, quite like a professional man taking charge of a situation, and trying to put every one at ease. The manager felt grateful. He walked ahead as the phy- sician and his friend carried Roger Ver- beck through the narrow rear hallway and through the kitchen to the back door. He watched as they put him in the cab. "Drive to Mr. Verbeck's residence as quickly as possible," he heard the phy- sician order the chauffeur. "You know where it is--the old Verbeck mansion? Good!" Well satisfied, the manager went back to the dining room, glad that it had not been any fault of his food that had made Roger Verbeck ill, glad also that few of the regular diners had noticed the incident. The cab started through the alley, turned into the first street, and hurried toward a boulevard close by. "Easy!" the physician said to his companion, chuckling as he looked at the unconscious Verbeck. The cab sped along the boulevard. The Verbeck mansion was to the north; the taxi dashed south. CHAPTER II. UNEXPECTED SLEEP. MUGGS would not have recognized a pterodactyl had he met one face to face in the street. Also, he was woe- fully deficient in theories regarding the fourth dimension. He had, however, taken a post-graduate course in the University of Hard Knocks, where he had specialized in human nature, and hence he knew many things his better- educated brethren did not. Muggs knew, for instanre, that there are smiles and smiles, that they may be read as easily as print, and that, if read correctly, they tell a man's intentions-- or a woman's--as openly as spoken words. So now, when the stranger smiled at him again, Muggs analyzed the smile quickly and efficiently, and noted the one important thing--that the stranger smiled with his lips, but not with his eyes. The eyes were small and gray, and appeared to glitter venomously. Either the glitter of those eyes or the smile on the lips expressed a false- hood, and Muggs decided it was the smile that lied. Muggs was aware, also, that the stranger had been regarding him in- tently for ten minutes at least. He had felt the other's eyes upon him. There had been a time in Muggs' career when he had been sensitive enough to feel immdiately the near presence of a hostile force, an accomplishment that often had saved him from prison. Though now he walked the straight and narrow path as valet, chauffeur, and comrade in arms to Roger Verbeck, he retained a great deal of his old sensi- tiveness. 