A Rustic Rival 75 Bennett had just got back from some- where.' ''All this time I was doing some thinking. Why had Mrs. Bennett told me her husband had gone off to stay a day or two, when she knew that the horse and wagon were in the yard? What had she been doing in the stable? How did she account for the horse being there, without any driver? It wasn't reasonable to suppose that she had been out anywhere in the wagon, dressed as she was." "In short," said Nick, "you believed Mrs. Bennett guilty of the crime." "No, sir," replied Fairman, with something like a chuckle. "I'd been keeping my eyes open, and I'd seen one or two things. In the first place, the thief had ripped up several planks be- fore he'd found the right one. Mrs. Bennett knew where it was. "In the second place, she never could have ripped up those planks; it re- quired a man's strength. Now, here's the problem, and I think it's worthy of your genius, Mr. Carter: "Mrs. Bennett lied to me. She tried to keep the affair a secret. Her man- ner was calculated to excite suspicion in anybody. Her story about her hus- band's absence shows that she knew something had happened to him. "Yet she didn't do the deed; she screamed when she found that it had been done. How do you reconcile these facts?" "Let me have a few more facts first," said Nick. "What happened after she left you and Wilson?" "Several other men came by, and Wilson called them in. They were most of them strangers, who had come up here to fish. Wilson explained the case to them, and a search of the stable was begun. I didn't wait for it. I didn't have the time to waste." He looked knowingly at Nick as he said these words. I could not fathom his meaning, but Nick seemed to under- stand. "I told Wilson about your being here," Fairman continued. "I made him promise not to disturb things; to hunt for the body, but not to move it in case he found it, till you arrived. Of course he won't find it." "Why not?" I asked. "Because it isn't there," he replied, with a wink at Nick. I was nettled to be treated in this way by a yokel. Yet I could not deny that he was a shrewd fellow. "I see your point," said Nick. "You think that the murder was committed somewhere else, and that the bloody coat was put there just as a blind." "Precisely!" cried Fairman. "Why should the murderer take pains to hide the body, and leave the coat in plain sight?" "There's something in that," said the detective. "Did you have any further conversation with Mrs. Bennett?" "No; she hadn't got back from the house when I left. I hurried away be- cause I hoped to catch you before you left Marvin's." That was the substance of Fairman's story as it was told to us as we hurried toward the Bennett house. Half a dozen men were talking ex- citedly in the road before the house as we came up. Wilson was one of them. Others could be seen in the yard before the stable door. "Well, Wilson, did you find the body?" asked Fairman, as we came up. "No; is that Mr. Carter?" All eyes were turned upon the great detective. "That's the man," said Fairman, with the air of one who is exhibiting a trophy. "I'm glad to see you, sir," said Wil- son, walking up to Nick. "This is a very strange affair." "From what this gentleman has told 