4 Detective Story Magazine Leroux suppressed a gasp. He had caught a glimpse of a bare ankle! He crossed to his writing table, and seated himself, glancing sideways at this living mystery. Suddenly she be- gan, in a voice tremulous and scarcely audible: "Mr. Leroux, at a great--at a very great personal risk, I have come to- night. What I have to ask of you--to entreat of you--will . . . will . . ." Two bare arms emerged from the fur, and she began clutching at her throat and bosom as though choking-- dying. Leroux leaped up and would have run to her; but, forcing a ghastly smile, she waved him away again. "It is all right," she muttered, swal- lowing noisily. But frightful spasms of pain con- vulsed her, contorting her pale face. "Some brandy-" cried Leroux anxiously. "If you please," whispered the vis- itor. She dropped her arms and fell back upon the chesterfield, insensible. CHAPTER II. MIDNIGHT AND MR. KING. LEROUX clutched at the corner of the writing table to steady him- self and stood there looking at the deathly face. Under the most favor- able circumstances, he was no man of action, although in common with the rest of his kind he prided himself upon the possession of that presence of mind which he lacked. It was a situation which could not have alarmed "Martin Zeda," but it alarmed immeasurably, nay, struck inert with horror, Martin Zeda's creator. Then, in upon Leroux's mental tur- moil, a sensible idea intruded itself. "Doctor Cumberly!" he muttered. "I hope to Heaven he is in!" Without touching the recumbent form upon the chesterfield, without seeking to learn, without daring to learn, if she lived or had died, Leroux, the tempo of his life changed to a breathless gallop, rushed out of the study, across the entrance hall, and, throwing wide the flat door, leaped up the stair to the flat above--that of his old friend, Doctor Cumberly. The patter of the slippered feet grew faint upon the stair; then, as Leroux reached the landing above, became in- audible altogether. In Leroux's study, the table clock ticked merrily on, seeming to hasten its ticking as the hand crept around closer and closer to midnight. The mosaic shade of the lamp mingled reds and blues and greens upon the white ceiling above and poured golden light upon the pages of manuscript strewn about be- neath it. This was a typical work- room of a literary man having the ear of the public--typical in every respect, save for the fur-clad figure outstretched upon the settee. And now the peeping light indis- creetly penetrated to the hem of a silken garment revealed by some disarrange- ment of the civet fur. To the eye of an experienced observer, had such an ob- server been present in Henry Leroux's study, this billow of silk and lace be- hind the sheltering fur must have pro- claimed itself the edge of a night robe, just as the ankle beneath had pro- claimed itself to Henry Leroux's shocked susceptibilities to be innocent of stocking. Thirty seconds were wanted to com- plete the cycle of the day, when one of the listless hands thrown across the back of the chesterfield opened and closed spasmodically. The fur at the bosom of the midnight visitor began rapidly to rise and fall. Then, with a choking cry, the woman struggled upright; her hair, hastily dressed, burst free of its bindings and 