80 Detective Story Magazine fered in its wanderings even more than its master. I observed with pity that the creature was lean with hunger, and that one of its feet had been badly hurt, and was bandaged. It offered a feeble resistance--the best of which the faithful brute was capable--when Nick sprang into the car and laid his hand on the man's shoul- der. "You are under arrest," was all the detective said. The tramp swore a round oath, but he made no resistance. He took the wretched dog in his arms, and tenderly carried it out of the car. Once upon the ground, the dog ran well enough with three legs. There was a rude hotel opposite the station. Nick put the tramp and the dog into a room there, set the landlord to guard them, and called to me to fol- low. "We have the criminal now," he said. "It's time to look for the body of the victim." "And for the money," said I. "The tramp had none when you searched him." "We shall find that, too," rejoined Nick. As we walked along, I plied him with questions about the proof against the man whom he had arrested. All I could get out of him was the somewhat irrele- vant remark that he had a right to make an arrest, for Wilson had au- thorized him to act as a deputy. We came at last to a very nice house, nearly two miles beyond the station. To my surprise, we found Fairman at the gate. "What does Heywood say?" asked Nick. So that was Heywood's house. I had not known it before. "He won't talk," replied Fairman; "but his manner is conclusive. That man is guilty." Heywood appeared at this moment. "This is all foolishness about Sam Bennett being murdered," he said. "And, as for my having anything to do with it, that's worse yet. I've got nothing agin' Bennett." "Since when have you been recon- ciled?" demanded Nick. The man bit his lip, but did not answer. "Now, Mr. Heywood," said Nick, "look right down in the dirt at your feet and you will see the track of Mr. Bennett's wagon, made last evening. He came over to see you, and, in my opinion, he's here yet. I'm going to search your house." Heywood groaned. "You've got the authority, have you?" Nick nodded. Of course, it was a "bluff." Heywood turned toward the house. "Sam!" he yelled. "Come out here. There's no use of staying in there any longer." Presently the elongated form of Samuel Bennett appeared at the door. "Well, I swear!" ejaculated Fair- man. "Good day, Mr. Bennett," said Nick. "I was told that you were murdered, but I didn't believe it. I'm not yet sure whether you've been robbed." "No, I ha'n't lost nothin'," growled Bennett. "I took all my money out'n that hidin' place last evening. I'd seen a tramp critter hanging 'round my barn, and I was afeared." "He was in the barn when you hitched up your horse last night," said Nick. "He watched you through a knot hole in the door between the barn and the stable. I saw the prints of his muddy boots on the floor. He had to stand on tiptoe to see through the hole, and he supported himself by partly gripping a dusty beam over the door. "He saw you when you went to your bank, but he didn't know that you took your money out. After you were gone, 