Black Star's Subterfuge 67 and felt his way down them, stopping now and then to listen. From outside came the rattle of revolver tire; from the rooms above him came the answer- ing shots. Muggs realized he was in the basement of the building, and he wanted to get to the first floor. He came, presently, to the other hall, to the stairs, and went up, one step at a time, ready for instant battle, trying to hear the voices of the Black Star's men. But it was the voice of the Black Star himself that he heard. "At them!" it shrieked. "No quar- ter! Die like men!" Muggs could not locate the voice in the din. He was not sure from which room it came. He crept on along the hallway until he reached an open door. There he hesitated a moment, then, holding his weapon ready, he peered into the room. The searchlight did not penetrate here, and the only illumination was re- flected from the wall out-side the one window. Not a person was in the room. "At them! Die like men! No quar- ter!" Muggs decided the voice of the Black Star came from another room down the hall. Again he went forward, always alert, expecting every instant that one of the master criminal's men would run into the hall and discover him. He came to another door, and found it closed. He stopped to listen. Yes--shots were being fired from that room. And a searchlight flooded it, too, for the strong light came from beneath the door. To open that door meant to face bullets, perhaps. And Muggs did not want to do that unnecessarily until be had found Riley, or the Black Star. He heard the Black Star's voice again --and it seemed to come from the base- ment. He went on along the hall and turned to the right. Before him a streak of bright light swept the floor. The door of the next room was open. Crouching at the turn in the hall, Muggs listened and watched. He knew shots were being fired from that room, too, and bullets were being poured into it by the police. Some of them came through the door and crashed into the wall. He heard the Black Star's voice again, and turned back. It would avail little, Muggs knew, to clash with some of the master crook's men. A single shot might strike him down, and his effort would have been in vain. He wondered where Riley was being kept. He wondered where the Black Star could be found. He didn't want to go out without either trying to help Riley or getting the Black Star if Riley had met with foul play. Back along the hall he went, listening for sounds that would tell him how to meet the Black Star or his men to best advantage. He came to another flight of steps, and went down them. The master criminal's voice came to him again, and Muggs could distinguish from which direction now. Once more in the lower hall, he turned to the left and crept along the wall. The voice was louder, more distinct. "Die game! No quarter! That's the boys!" Muggs hurried on. In the distance he saw a faint streak of light. When he got nearer he saw that it came from the side of a door. Here was a time for extreme caution, and Muggs used it. He stopped again to listen. The rat- tling of revolver shots continued. And the voice of the Black Star rose above the din. Muggs crept forward to the door. The Black Star was in that room! A sudden entrance--and Muggs might get him covered. And at the first move he would shoot! He'd be quicker than Riley had been. He'd be watching for 