Love in the Jungle 25 eous stump of an amputated limb whined monotonously, holding out his brass bowl for alms--a low-casle Mo- hammedan woman in tight-fitting red print trousers stood smoking a brown cigarette; a box walla or travelling merchant, carrying his umbrella, ap- proached, followed by three cooly women bearing steel trunks and huge bundles balanced on their heads; a Hindu bride of about eight passed, gar- landed, newly nose-ringed and wearing a mustard-yellow sari. But Rhoda noted nothing. She sat down in the chair the station babu brought her, thinking, praying for but one thing--that Goring might come to her--that he might have been spared to return to her. When at last she saw him coming to- ward her, a cry sprang to her lips. She ran eagerly toward him, her hands out- stretched, her eyes wide with thankful- ness. "Oh, I am so glad--you're here safe!" she sobbed in half-hysterical re- lief. He clasped her hand in his, soothing her as he might have hushed a bewil- dered child, and only the thin line of his mouth betrayed the strain he had undergone. He led her back to the chair and made her sit down again. "You are all right, you are not hurt?" cried the girl. "Yes, I am all right," he answered, and looked away not to see the tender- ness in her eyes. "The train is about due now," he said at last, to break the silence that fell be- tween them; then, as if to stifle the words that trembled on his lips, he add- ed, "You know people in Tashi?" "No, I know no one; but father told me he would wire a Mrs. Townsend that I was coming." "Cecile Townsend, well I should say," Goring said, glad of the opportu- nity to be commonplace. "She's about the whitest woman in India." Then he frowned--the wire Waler had told her he would send had probably never gone. "I shall send word to Mrs. Townsend to expect you," he said; "you'll get into Tashi this evening." "You--you're not coming then?" said Rhoda, trying to keep the keenness of disappointment out of her voice. "No," he said slowly, "I have my work still to do," and he looked behind him. He moved away abruptly. It was not easy to hear the low tones of her voice and remember only the harsh- ness of duty. "I shall send a message directly," and proceeded to telegraph to Mrs. Townsend; among other facts he asked that the news of her father's death might be broken to Rhoda as soon as she seemed able to bear the shock. With the set face of a man relentlessly forcing himself to do a difficult thing and with a sense of impending loss, he went back to the girl. She sat, a wistful little figure against the background of gray rain and gay flower-beds. Her body was racked with pain and her heart seemed suddenly dead within her. She could not help but notice that Goring's manner toward her had indefinably changed; he was formal, courteous, but evidently wanted to show her that those hours of stress that had seemed to bind them so won- drously close were over--had meant nothing after all. It puzzled her but hurt her terribly. Had she been too forward, too bold?--she had let him kiss her--and yet it must have been but the kiss a man steals from any pretty girl when circumstances permit. The crimson of mortification darkened her cheeks; she was weak and all in, her pride was gone or he could not have the power to so make her suffer. "You will be most comfortable with the Townsends," Goring was forcing himself to say. "Their only son has just been sent back from Mesopotamia 