Love in the Jungle 29 here," she said softly and went out of the room. For a few moments the girl huddled in the chair, holding her aching head in her hot hands; then slowly she took off the riding habit and laid it down rever- ently. Her arm where Rani had stabbed her was stained with dried and clotted blood, the handkefehief Das had tied around it was stiff and blackened, the pain of the torn flesh was almost un- bearable. Biting her lips to grit her- self for the effort, Rhoda slipped out of her clothes and went into the bath- room and washed out the ugly cut; then with infinite patience she wound a clean handkerchief over it, tying the knot with one hand and her teeth. Having bathed she opened the closet and taking down a simple frock of blue silk, did her hair and called the ayah to hook her up. The little woman came, her white sari bunched about her, her wrinkled face curious as a monkey's. She fas- tened the dress nimbly, marvelling at the light gold hair of the pretty missy sahib. When Rhoda was dressed she glanced into the long mirror and knew that she had never in her life looked more at- tractive; her face was vivid with color, her blue eyes unnaturally bright. If only Goring could see her now perhaps he might have loved her. Once he had seen her in the blue kimono, with her hair down, and then in the old gray rid- ing habit--no wonder he had not cared. The ayah squatting at her feet, sen- sing the girl's thoughts of love, mur- mured a charm that the eyes of the Captain sahib might be pleased with the work of Hokigan's hands. Rhoda never knew how she got through that dinner. She was con- scious of a kindly-faced, bearded man at the head of the table across the bowls of saffron roses and maiden-hair fern; he was Larry's father. His mother sat beside her and her eyes seemed to plead with the girl, "Be kind, be kind to my boy." The Captain sat on her right, his hag- gard young face animated by a new en- thusiasm. He told stories of the trenches, of the march on Bagdad, of the horrors of the hospital and once he laughed heartily. Mrs. Townsend ex- changed a look with her husband and the expression on her face made the girl's heart ache. She knew what they were thinking, hoping--that their son would fall in love with her and that she would bring him back to them and to life and hope once more. Young Townsend led Rhoda out on the terrace for coffee and cigarettes. His father and mother strolled by once or twice and then went into the living- room for their nightly game of crib- bage. It left the boy and girl together under the magic of a full moon floating like a bubble of gold across the star-shot sky. It was a night for romance and love such as only India can give--the perfume of a thousand flowers floated on the air, around the servants' quarters the doves cooed drowsily. "I say, a chap can't forget the things you said before dinner," Larry began eagerly. "With a girl like you to care a fellow could begin over again and win out after all. Couldn't he now?" "Yes, he could," said Rhoda. An overwhelming pity stirred within her; his face, beautiful in the moonlight, haunted her. He was going to ask her to give him something, it was going to be so hard to refuse. "You may think me a mad fool," he cried passionately, "but I know you are the one girl I want to have care. Of course you hardly know me, but just tell me one thing, dear--do I stand a chance?" 