When Father Forbids By Thomas Edgelow FORBES COLLINS was forty-six. Joyce Collins was seventeen. Forbes Collins was rich--quite the richest man in Min- erva, New York. Joyce Collins depended upon her father for every cent that she spent. Forbes Collins was stoutish, middle- aged, blue-eyed and had a neat, fairish moustache and a clipped beard. Joyce Collins had hair that Willie Scott said was not hair at all but just an impris- oned sunbeam. Joyce Collins, still ac- cording to Willie, had no eyes at all-- just twin lakes of sapphire blue. Joyce Collins was not fat--and certainly she was not thin--so she must have been just about perfect. At least, Willie swore that she was. So there you have them--father and daughter, Forbes Collins and his only offspring, Joyce. Again a difference between them: Forbes Collins was a widower, while naturally Joyce was unmarried. All the same, both of them were secretly contemplating marriage. Joyce wanted to marry Willie Scott, who was twenty- three and dark-haired and romantic and everything that Joyce adored. Then Forbes Collins secretly had his eye on that beautiful widow, Mrs. Townsend--Diana Townsend, who had just come to dive in Minerva in a small house on Maple Avenue. Then, besides Forbes Collins and his daughter, Joyce, and Willie Scott and Mrs. Townsend and everybody, there was Bertram Valentine, and he, too, played a part in it. Bertram Valentine was tall--very tall. Thin he was--very thin--and (and here again we must look through some- body else's eyes, using Joyce's for a change)--Bertram Valentine was a caricature of a man, with a long, thin red beak of a nose--with a thin-lipped mouth and with great hands and feet that were freckled redly. His hair, which was thin on top, was sandy-red too, and Joyce hated him, just as much as her father liked and encouraged him. For Forbes Collins was practically Collins' Trust Company, so naturally Forbes Collins both liked and appreci- ated money. And Bertram Valentine was making money with his biscuit fac- tory that reared its hideous buildings on the outskirts of the little up-state city. As for Willie, why Willie hated Val- entine almost as much as he adored Joyce. To love and to hate was about all that Willie had to do. Quite recently he had returned to Minerva from one of the lesser known colleges and so far Willie had not determined what he wanted to do with his life--other than to love Joyce. And then came an evening when the June moon was shining and the June roses were making everything fragrant. Forbes Collins presented himself at the door of Diana Townsend's cottage. "Won't you come and stroll in my garden?" he asked. "There is a moon and it will be light enough to show you the flowers." Leaving the house, Mrs. Townsend put one deliciously cool hand on Collins' arm and allowed him to pretend to show 73 