Hats! 81 locked the door. "We'll be there in ten minutes!" Cummings occupied three rooms on the second floor of a house near the Square, which had once been the abode of some of the elect. The drift uptown, however, had changed the character of the locality of late years, and the ap- pearance of the place was far from what it once had been. Entering the house, Cummings took Beatrice quickly up the stairs, and opening the door, switched on the light. "Come in," he said, "this is where I hang out. What do you think of it?" Beatrice looked around and gasped a little. It was far more gorgeous than anything she had ever seen. "It's great!" she exclaimed admiring- ly. "Simply great. I could spend all the evening looking at the pictures!" "I thought you were hungry," re- joined Cummings, laughing. "If you're not, I am! The pictures can wait. Come in here," opening the door of an- other room. "Dinner's all ready, eh, Verdi?" The waiter smiled and nodded and showed Beatrice to a seat. Then the dinner began! It was different from anything Bea- trice had ever known before. The queer dishes awed and fascinated her. She laughed at her vain attempts to corral the elusive spaghetti, which with Cummings' help, she at last succeeded in eating. When, finally, at his solici- tation, she had been persuaded to par- take of the somewhat odoriferous cheese, she laid down her knife and fork with a sigh of contentment. "It was the best dinner I ever had," she said happily. "And to think, it's all over. Cummings laughed, and even the solemn-faced Verdi smiled. "That will do, Verdi," said Cum- mings. "You may go now. I'll at- tend to the rest!" "Is there going to be anything more?" asked Beatrice, as Verdi closed the door with a grin. "I couldn't eat another thing for hours and hours!" "We'll have a little wine to top off with," said Cummings, rising. "What kind do you like, red or white?" Beatrice laughed. "I never drank in my life before," she said, "and I don't suppose I ought to now, but just for once I'll take some red. That will match up with ‘Pink Lady,' won't it?" "And your cheeks," laughed Cum- mings. "You wait here and I'll get it. I won't be long." As Cummings passed the door lead- ing to the hall he turned the key in the lock and put it in his pocket. Then he went into the further room and opened a cupboard. Beatrice closed her eyes for a mo- ment. Then opened them again and jumped up. "I'm going into the other room and look at the pictures," she called. "I didn't see half of them before dinner!" She walked about the room looking at the paintings, and wondering why it took Cummings so long! What was he doing? When at last he returned with a tray with two glasses upon it, Beatrice was standing before a picture of a woman, which hung over the mantel. "Who is that?" she asked. "My mother!" replied Cummings, and a note of tenderness came into his voice. Beatrice turned slowly and faced him. "She's a perfect dear," she said. "She looks exactly like my mother does! Isn't it great that we both have such good mothers? Do you know, I was a little bit afraid to come here with you tonight alone. I didn't know-- well--you know the things you see in the movies! But now I've seen your S.--May--6 