Love in the Jungle 11 go my wrist or I shall call my father." "You shall listen to me yet," he said in her ear. "You and I shall taste to- gether the sweets of Indian love." With all her slight strength the girl wrenched herself from his hold and, trembling with rage and revulsion, fled back into the bungalow. IV It was ten o'clock when Rhoda, wear- ied and discouraged, crept under the canopy of the mosquito net into her bed. She was too excited and upset to sleep, but lay tossing restlessly under the slow swing of the squeaking punkah. It seemed that she lay there hours, when the roar of a train speeding through the night startled her. It must be the special with the troops her father had spoken of. She sat up, her two braids of light hair falling over her shoulders and giv- ing her small face a wistfully childlike look. She was inexpressibly glad they had come; now her father would be safe from the coolies who threatened him and Das could not harm her. She listened sharply--then in a short while again she heard the clamor of many voices, and through her wide French window she could see the flicker of lan- terns, moving toward the bungalow. Slipping on her kimono, Rhoda stood up in the bed, afraid to step down again on the treacherous floor. She could hear the regular tramp of booted feet on the path outside, then the slam of the screen door and a man's voice calling, "Waler--Waler." There was no reply. Rhoda clutched her kimono closer. She had left her father in the living-room; he told her that he would sit up and wait until the soldiers came; he had probably fallen asleep or gone to bed. "I say, Waler!" the voice called out again more impatiently -- and again there was no answer. "I must go see," said Rhoda, and screwing up her courage she cautiously got into her sandals and hurried out through the window onto the veran- dah. A tall man in khaki shorts started in astonishment at sight of the girl. For a flustered second, Rhoda was conscious of her hanging braids and negligee, then shuffling a few steps for- ward looked up at him. "I am Mr. Waler's daughter," she said a little nervously. "I think my father must be asleep." "My name's Goring," he answered. "I did not expect to find a memsahib here," he frowned anxiously. "No, I just came," said Rhoda. "I'll go find my father." She went into the living-room of the bungalow; across the old card-table Waler lay sprawled, an empty whiskey bottle beside him, a broken glass on the floor at his feet. "Father, father," cried the girl, "wake up, dear. The soldiers have come." She tried to shake him with her cold little hands, but she could not stir his limp weight. Quick, mortified tears filled her eyes. He was drunk-- her father! No one must know; she would go out and tell this stranger that he was sick and could not see him. She moved slowly back to where Gor- ing stood waiting. His broad shoulders and muscular bulk seemed to tower above her. "Father is not well," she said with trembling lips. "I am afraid he cannot see you." "That is too bad," he answered quiet- ly. "Is he very ill? It is rather im- portant that I have a few words with him." Something kind in his voice, the gen- tleness in his keen eyes behind his glasses, broke down the bitterness of 