Love in the Jungle 27 pearance in the shabby, faded riding habit. She jumped out of the train and almost ran into the arms of a large, motherly lady waiting for her. "I am Mrs. Townsend," she said, "and you are Miss Waler." She took the girl's arm and led her through the station to where a big car stood wait- ing. She was one of those frowsy Eng- lish women given to lavender muslins and floppy garden hats; her face was bleached of all color and had that look of premature age life in the tropics gives, but her eyes were wonderfully kind. "I was at the Gymkhana," she went on, settling the girl in the machine, "but my son opened the wire and telephoned me. I got here just in time to meet you." "I am afraid I have put you out a great deal," said Rhoda as the Sikh chauffeur touched a hand to his enor- mous white pugaree and they started. "I am so glad to have you, my dear," said Mrs. Townsend, her heart warm- ing at the wistful prettiness of the girl beside her. "You see, I have a daugh- ter of my own. She is up at Simla for the rains now, but Larry, my son, Cap- tain Townsend, is with me now." Her face clouded over. "Ah, here we are at home." Rhoda gave a little smile of pleasure and sank gratefully into a wicker lounge chair her hostess pushed forward. "You will have a peg, my dear," said Mrs. Townsend, clapping her hands; "it will pull you together and do you good." She gave her orders to the barefoot, turbaned servant who appeared noise- lessly. Then she picked up the wire laying on a table beside her and as she read it her face quickened with sym- pathy. Poor little thing, she had lost her father and did not know it. Sam Waler, whom she remembered as bring- ing his bride out years ago--the same Sam Waler who had been kicked out of the Club at Tashi. She looked down thoughtfully at Rhoda; she seemed so frail, so exhausted, she must have a day or two of rest before she should be told. Rhoda lay back in the chair, her fever-flushed face against the cretonne of the cushions. "If you will excuse me, dear," said Mrs. Townsend, tucking the telegram into her blouse, "I'll go see that your room is made ready for you. In India we always keep our guest-room beds stripped," and with a gentle smile she left the girl. Rhoda drank the whiskey and soda with a little grimace of distaste; she hated Scotch, but it would make her feel better and her bones ached so and she was so tired. She wondered how she would ever drag herself out of the big chair or move again; she longed to sleep for hours and hours, but she must not be rude. Mrs. Townsend was be- ing so good, so kind to her, she must ex- ert herself to be bright and friendly in return. Despite herself her eyes drooped wearily. Goring--would she ever see him again, ever hear his voice, look into his eyes again? A wistful lit- tle line twisted her lips. Suddenly she started wide awake--a tall man in khaki was coming into the room--Goring! A low cry caught in her throat--he had come after all. Then as the man moved nearer she saw that it was not Goring but a younger man, and even in one fleeting glance the beauty and trag- edy of his eyes struck her. He walked stiffly, as if in pain, but at sight of the girl stopped abruptly. "Oh, I say, beg pardon," he said. "I didn't know anyone was here." Then, coming closer, "You are Miss Waler, are you not?" "Yes," said Rhoda, "and you are Captain Townsend." "Rum go, that Santal trouble," said the boy, sitting down beside her. "Wish I had a good machine gun squad out 