Her Horrible Revenge By Terrell Love Holliday "DEAR? Maurine?" "Umph!" grunted Mrs. Ammizun, sleepily shaking off the trembling hand that clutched her arm. "Maurine--" Mr. Ammizun's teeth were rattling audibly now--"please wake up. I just know there's a woman under the bed." "Oh, the devil! You've been certain of that two or three nights a week ever since we were married. I suppose I'll have to crawl out in the cold to satisfy you." "If you will, dear. I simply can't go to sleep until I know." "Where's my gun and flashlight?" growled the head of the house. Mr. Ammizun drew them from be- neath the pillow, holding the weapon as if it were a loathsome and dangerous bug. "Thunderation! Bertie, why don't you put your shoes where I won't step on them?" From away down under the covers Mr. Ammizun sent an apology, and waited breathlessly, as he always did. "Hey, you hussy! Come out of there, or I'll blow a hole through you." "Mercy!" shuddered Ammizun, re- treating farther beneath the covers. "There is one. What if she should hurt Maurine? She'd b-better not. I'll scratch her eyes out." "Throw up your hands!" "I can't," peevishly replied the bur- glaress. "I have a tight-sleeved waist under this sweater." "I suppose," cuttingly remarked Mrs. Ammizun, "that you started home with a club stew and wandered in here by mistake?" "No," responded the intruder, not to be outdone in facetiousness. "My chauffeuress not only is particular to deposit me at the right door, but she takes me in and puts me to bed." "Then, how do you account--" "Oh, I heard that your husband was always expecting to find a woman un- der the bed, and I thought I could save him one disappointment. No doubt he has had many since he married you," mocked the burglaress. "Bertie! Get up and call the police, before I shoot this brazen jade." "My dear!" protested Ammizun. "In pajamas!" Mrs. Ammizun tossed him a dressing gown and shifted round to shield him from the strange woman's gaze while he donned it. "You! My Bertie!" cried the bur- glaress, when she saw his face. "Myrilla!" Ammizun, clutching at the dressing-table for support, stared at the ghost of his past. "So you are the woman who stole my lover while I was fighting for my coun- try in a foreign land," hissed the bur- glaress. "I--" rejoined Mrs. Ammizun, re- turning the bareful glare--"married the poor, deluded boy you left behind you." Suddenly the burglaress leapt for- 121 