From the Editorial Point of View THERE is an unusually interesting novelette next month by Elizabeth Walsh called MISS BROAD- WAY OF NOWHERE. It is the story of Nat Seccombe, open-handed, young, rich, unscrupulous and popular. Baby Morrison, the latest beauty on the theatrical firmament, who is twenty but looks sixteen, plays a leading part in this gripping novel; but the best is reserved for Lois, who is almost run down by the young millionaire's car. He determines to take her to the big banquet he is giving to his friends. Against her will she is dragged in to the brilliant scene and introduced as MISS BROAD- WAY OF NOWHERE. What happens to her, the love that is made to her by the wrong and the right sort of men, the jealousy of the better known beauties, is told in such a manner as to hold one's interest to the last sentence. NEXT month we shall begin a series of unusual stories called THE MAN WHOM LIFE PASSED BY. Winson Bouve is the author and the first of the series is A DAUGHTER OF JOY. The man whom life has passed by is a rich, lonely cripple who because of his affliction has awakened love in no woman's heart. He lives alone in a big house, rarely going out except at night. It was on one of these rambles he meets the woman whose pity he is able to buy. THE WISE GUY, by Dayton Stoddart, is the amusing story of Jimmy Tilford who belonged to the class which always has a large waiting list. A wise guy is one who falls twice as hard and fast as the rest. Jimmy regarded girls as pleasant playthings to pass on to the next when their mission so far as he was concerned was done. Jimmy fell fast and hard as you will find out. HOME TOWN STUFF is a most entertaining story. It is about Patsy of the Gaiety and William Walker Jackson, who sent his card to her dressing room by a stage hand. "Did he say he was a friend of mine?" she asked. "Yeh," said the stage hand, "said he was from your home town--Boobville, I think he said." Out of this usual beginning an unusual and amusing story grows. Carolina Jewett wrote it. Other stories will be by Harold de Polo, C. S. Montanve, Murray Leinster, and Thomas Edgelow, all of whom are old favorites. 