The Fool 119 The following hours had seemed more than treble their time, as with raw nerves she had waited for the tele- phone message from him at least say- ing that all was well. God, but how glad she would be never again to see precise, businesslike Jasper. Business. He was clever in that, they said. Well, possibly; but outside of it what a fool he was! Why, he had not even the slightest suspicion of her affair with Roy, although several times she had thought the escapes desperately narrow. No, instead of suspecting, he had occa- sionally remarked that "young Trafford was certainly a nice, clean chap and that he was glad to see that he dropped in so much and kept her company when her old husband was held down at his desk!" . . . Fool--fool . . . But when would Roy telephone? Heavens, it was--yes, it was after two already. Why didn't he let her know? Certainly he must by this time have fin- ished the important and decisive part! . . She mustn't be too impatient, though. It was that horrible "business" again, and one never knew when that would end! . . . Anyway, what differ- ence did a few minutes, or hours, make? Hadn't she waited month after month for just this moment? And it was surely coming soon! Roy--dear, dear Roy! . . . Indistinctly, she heard the bell below tinkle. She sat up with a start. Was it--could it be--Roy? . . . But, no; he always rang her up first. Still-- perhaps . . . But then, coming the stairs, she heard the soft, even, regular footsteps that she knew so well. She wrinkled her nose annoyedly. What was bringing Jasper home so early today? Perhaps --perhaps the business surprise! Then Roy had triumphed! . . . But her hus- band was coming into her boudoir. Al- ready he was at the door. How both- ersome! . . . She smiled her usual mechanical smile when he entered: "Hello, Jasper," she called out, try- ing her best to speak quite pleasantly, "and what under the sun brings you back from your beloved business at this early hour?" "Oh, nothing in particular," he smiled in return, and, yawning, sat down. "Finished up rather early and felt a bit tired! . . . But why aren't you off at some tea or such stuff?" She made some trivial remark about feeling slightly played out herself. Heavens, was he going to sit here talk- ing with her for any length of time? She hoped not. Roy, never in the world realizing that Jasper was here at this hour, might ring up at any moment. Out of the corner of her eye, she stud- ied his face closely. No, nothing was there that told of his having received a business surprise. It was cool, calm, serene as always--and just as expres- sionless. How it got on her nerves, now more than ever--that quiet face and those watery blue eyes--ugh! . . . Yes, he looked like a fool--a stupid, awkward, boresome fool! How different Roy was--young, good-looking, laughing Roy. How de- liciously he made love--how happy she was while she was with him--how . . . She knew that she paled a trifle and that her heart went forward at least several notches. Was--was he going to tell of the blow? But Jasper's voice broke into her thoughts as he again stretched and yawningly remarked: "Oh, by the way, Irene. Had rather a bad shock today. Quite upset me. In fact, that's one reason why I came home a bit early!" "Yes," she managed to ask, quietly solicitous. He was slow in answering--and it seemed to her as if his watery blue eyes, suddenly grown strangely cold and 