128 Motion Picture Department after much persuasion, allowed himself to impersonate the "tumble" bad man, who hid in a cave and stole horses and killed and everything, yes he did. About the same time the real bad man escaped from the plaster of paris jail by a great feat of strength and the help of a file, which he had the forethought to bring with him to jail. Ah, ha, he comes upon our now thor- oughly in love couple and overhears the lies upon lies that "Monte" is recount- ing to Hope, of his desperate deeds and marvelous escapes from the law. Poor Hope doesn't want to marry a man with such unsafe habits, however ro- mantic they may seem, so he tells her he has what is called "aphasia." My gentlemen readers will recognize it as a well worn and ancient alibi--however, Bill can be cured, so her uncle tells her, by inflicting a blow on his head. Well, she hits him all right and at the same time gets carried away not with, but by the bad man, who drags her by her arm pits and the aid of a handy pony far, far up into the mountains. Of course she is rescued by our hero and she forgives him his dreadful lies and they marry, always supposing they live happy ever after. If you were to ask me to describe Pathe's release of the newest Rolin Comedy, "Hoot Mon," with Stan Laurel, I would say it is a refreshing Scotch highball with a dash of "pep." Stan Laurel, as you know, is the Eng- lish comedian who has acted in a merry series of comedies for Rolin Comedy, keeps up a lively tempo, though at times a trifle unsteady, but withal, it is full of laughs and kilties and pretty Rolin girls in kilties and also has room for that ample and expansive comedienne, Mar- garet Joslyn, who is one of the best comedy actresses the screen has ever produced. Way back in Essanay times, when they were producing the Snake- ville comedies, with Victor Potel, I re- member her and have often wished she was not so infrequent in pictures. Much of the action of "Hoot Mon" centers around Ye Blue Coo Inn, where all sorts of Scotch is served to all sorts of Scots, most of which is hot, both the Scotch and the Scots. * * * If any of my readers have a favorite screen player of whom they would like to know more, it will give me great pleasure to introduce them more inti- mately to their hero or shero. 