Whose Was the Hand? By Francis Harmer THE doctor turned sym- pathetically to the wife, as she followed him from her husband's room. "You will try stimu- lants?" she said. Her voice sounded like the muted strings of a violin. It was low, and rich, but curi- ously muffled. He shook his head. "My dear Madam--if you insist. But my many years of practice have shown me that stimulants are often--a need- less cruelty. He is passing peacefully, painlessly away. Stimulants would possibly prolong his life by some hours and deprive him of that passing. He might die in agony. Can you wish that?" The wife, a tall, slender woman, with an oval face of much calm and passion- less beauty, shook her head. The doc- tor, looking at her, wondered what lay behind that placid exterior. He re- membered to have heard that the Cal- houns were reported as rather unhap- pily mated--yet she seemed anxious to have all done that could be done, for her dying husband. "I am sure," the pause had been per- ceptible, "that you know best." "Of course," the physician answered, hastily, "I am more than willing for a consultation, if--" Mrs. Calhoun lifted her hand. "You are at the head of the medical profession within reach," she negatived. "It would be--useless" She bowed him out, and turned to face the nurse, who was coming out of the dining room. She seemed almost out of place in the darkened, gloomy house, for she was young and rosy, and her blue eyes were full of fire and feeling. She carried a little tray on which Mrs. Calhoun saw a spirit lamp, a bowl of beef tea, and a spoon. "The doctor said no more stimu- lants," Mrs. Calhoun reminded her. "I know, Mrs. Calhoun. But I saved my mother's life--she is well and hearty now--by disregarding the doctor's or- ders, and giving her, every thirty sec- onds, alternate half tea spoonfuls of fine champagne and beef tea--no more than half a teaspoonful. The doctor said nothing could do any harm. Won't you let me try?" "How long did you keep that up?" Mrs. Calhoun's dark eyes were staring out in the darkness of the rear hall. "All night, I think. The time went by like a flash. If you will let me--?" "No." Eleanor Calhoun took the tray from the nurse's hand. "I will do that--myself. Bring me the cham- pagne, will you? Opened, of course. And you sleep in the little room, that I may call you, if there is need." The nurse, though obviously disap- pointed, obeyed at once. Mrs. Calhoun went slowly into the sick room and ar- ranged a stand near her husband's side, pulling a chair into place, adding cush- ions and a footstool, that she might have the necessary physical ease in her work. The nurse re-entered the room, with the bottle and glass, and another spoon. Then, with unfeigned reluctance she 47 