50 Whose Was the Hand? had insisted on having his head to the north, and so the bed had been moved. Thus, Eleanor had to traverse the long room before she could put her fingers on the little mother-o'-pearl button. She did not reach it before she was--sent back--and found by her watch it was time for the wine again! She had moved too slowly, too cau- tiously, as if afraid of something. She must wait, and give the extract, and then--go quickly. Twice she essayed and failed. The third time she pressed the button hard, and returned to her post on the second. But the nurse, usually so alert, so wakeful, did not respond. It was as if the universe slept. Terror uncontrollable urged her heart to fast and furious beating, drenched her body in the sweat of fear. Only her hands and arms, seemingly no part of her own mechanism, detached from it, and obedient to something not her- self, only her hands and arms never ceased their tireless ministrations. And those ministrations were becom- ing more and more effective. The sick man's breathing was deep and easy, a faint color came, in order, to lips, to nostrils, to cheeks. A light perspira- tion bedewed his forehead, and once he flung his hands out upon the coverlet. He would live! The little nurse had saved him, in spite of his wife! Through the drawn back curtains, the first pale gray of dawn dimmed the morning stars. Turning her head in the brief intervals of her tending, Eleanor knew that another day was born. And then, suddenly, whatever had been her master in this strange task, left her. Her hands fell to her sides, numb, powerless. She felt that she would faint, that life itself was leav- ing her. She looked around for help, but no help was near. The light, pale still, was yet the light of morning. She heard her husband stir. She saw his eyes open, his lips move. She waited in anguish--for she was once again her- self--lest his first words should be for another. Instead, he whispered faintly. "Eleanor?" She leaned over to him, tears pour- ing from her eyes, the old tenderness welling up in her heart. The door opened and the little nurse came in, fresh, alert, with coffee on a silver tray. "Oh, Mrs. Calhoun--oh!" For she had seen the miracle. "If he had died," she whispered, trembling, "I should never have taken another case! For I heard your bell, Mrs. Calhoun, and I was too tired, to move--think of that, for a nurse! I could not move!" Whatever she had done, then, had been done unconsciously. That was Eleanor's last thought, as darkness closed about her. * * * * Eleanor had left Robert to the little nurse, and was taking time to read the papers gathered since the beginning of his crisis. As her eyes fell on one, her heart seemed to miss a beat: "DIED: On Thursday night, at half- past eleven, Marion, widow of the late John Beresford, at her residence, The Damozel, Riverside Drive. Kind- ly omit flowers." 