8 Love in the Jungle woman here, and I'm the only European for forty miles." "But I didn't come to be with other people," urged Rhoda. "I just want to stay with you a little while--to get to know you--" "It's out of the question," Waler in- terrupted. "You do not understand conditions. We are in India, not in the U. S. A. There are a dozen reasons why I can't have you here--it's not fit for you." "But if it's good enough for you, father," she said with trembling lips. "Besides, it's the rainy season," he went on impatiently. "This is a regu- lar fever trap, a pest hole, and if you want further reasons, just at present conditions here are upset and decidedly unsafe." "Please, father," she persisted, "I do want to stay; I can do so many things for you. This place looks as though it needed a woman--I can be good to you and make you so comfortable." "You do not know what you're talk- ing about," said Waler, looking nerv- ously behind him over his shoulder. "I shall send a chit immediately and wire Mrs. Townsend in at Tashi to expect you." Rhoda felt that her heart must break with the agony of her disappointment. She could say no more, but stood with eyes downcast, her hands twisting pa- thetically. "Sit down, sit down," Waler said more kindly. "I do not mean to be harsh, but it was foolhardy of you to come. There's no train away from here until noon tomorrow, and it's taking a chance you're even being here tonight." He ran his thin browned hand over his prematurely white hair and again glanced furtively behind him as if con- scious of being under observation. "The servants made you comfortable?" he in- quired. "I was sorry that I could not meet you." He jerked himself out of the low chair and stood for a moment in front of his daughter. "I'll go get ready for kana," he said. In the doorway he turned back to look at the girl. "By God, but you're like your mother," he said hoarsely and went into the house. For a moment, Rhoda stood fighting back her choking sobs. A sense of des- olation and terrible loneliness overcame her--her father was angry that she had come, he had not been glad to see her. He was making her leave the next day --he was the only one she had in the whole world and he did not want her. Through her tears she saw a slender crescent moon, low cradled in the sap- phire sky--one by one the stars pierced the darkness. Far off she could hear the plaintive cooing of the doves, the howling of the jackals and the monoto- nous, mournful beat of the tomtoms in the native village. The weird fascination of India seemed to sway over her like a spell. She took a deep breath of the flower- scented air, pungent with the odor of marigolds and stretched out her arms forlornly. She would have to go away --leave this land of charm and mystery and return to Boston prosaically to teach school. It was all that was left for her to do. She dabbed her tear- stained eyes and stiffened her quivering lips. "I don't want to leave India," she murmured rebelliously just as the clam- or of many voices reached her ears. She looked out through the screens; a half a dozen lanterns were moving rapidly to- ward the bungalow and their flickering light showed up an excited, gesticula- ting group hurriedly approaching. III A thrill of nervous excitement seized Rhoda. The word "danger" seemed to reverberate through her brain 