12 Love in the Jungle Rhoda's pride. She was alone--so des- perately alone. "Come," she said, beckoning him into the bungalow, "he's here." There was something tremendously pathetic to Goring about this slight bit of a girl standing before him, her head tilted high and the tears running down her cheeks. He bent over the prostrate man for a moment. "I'll just take him off to bed, Miss Waler," he said, feigning a cheerfulness of manner he was far from feeling. "I know the way, I've been here before." He picked Waler up in his strong arms and carried him into the next room. In a moment or two he was back again. "He'll be quite all right in the morning," he said, dropping the purdah behind him, "but it is most awkward. I am afraid I shall have to leave you in command here, Miss Waler." "Yes," said Rhoda. His very pres- ence soothed and comforted her, his clever, kindly face gave her strength and courage. "I'm an I. C. S. man--that means," he explained, "Indian civil service. I am on my way now to try and settle this unrest among these natives, before they do any more damage. Heckers has quite lost touch with affairs, but there's a Bengalee babu at the bottom of this; there always is when there's any trou- ble in India." He paused a moment to run a firm hand over his brown hair; then his quick, decisive voice went on, "If Waler hadn't been pretty certain of a disturbance here, he'd have been the last man to have wired for help. I shall leave six of my Gurkas down in the village and four up here to guard the bungalow; it is absolutely every man I have to spare. Usually when these junglies know there are troops about they do not come; however, I be- lieve you will be safe till you can get away on tomorrow's noon train. San- tals don't generally travel in the dark." Rhoda's wide blue eyes met his bravely. "Now, Miss Waler, I must go. I am obliged to get to Peripadar tonight," he spoke almost reluctantly. "Oh, you're going away?" cried the girl, her courage suddenly ebbing. "I only wish I could stay," he said gravely. "I do not relish the idea of leaving a white woman here with really no protection. You can trust these Gurkas, but this is India. Can you use a gun, Miss Waler?" "No," said Rhoda with a little shiver. "It's a wise precaution to have one," said Goring, "though you may not use it." He took a small 32-Colt out of his hip pocket and laid it on the table. "It's loaded--all you do is to point it at what- ever you want to hit and pull the trig- ger." "It sounds horrible," said the girl. "I'll try to--if I must." "Good! I'll be much easier in my mind now about leaving you; if there should be any trouble or you be in any danger, I shall leave my chiprosee here. He will carry any message you may wish to send me--and remember I shall be only three miles away at the Peripa- dar bungalow. And now good-bye and good luck, Miss Waler." He turned slowly on his heel to leave her. The girl watched him go with de- spairing reluctance--he seemed her one hope and refuge--he looked so big and strong and able to do things. She noted his khaki shirt unbuttoned at the throat, the firm line of the jaw, the shrewd, clever brown eyes behind his glasses. It was very weak of her, but she did so wish that he did not have to go and leave her. Goring stopped on the threshold, seemingly as anxious to stay as she was to have him, The girl made an appeal- 