20 Love in the Jungle "Don't let him take me," she panted, "he wants to marry me, but you won't let him, will you?" Her little hands gripped his shirt violently, the muscles of her delicate face twitching. "No one shall take you--no one shall hurt you." Goring said quietly, putting his arms about her. His voice soothed the girl. She lay down again on the cot and drank the medicine he mixed for her from his leather case. "Punkah kars," said Goring. The hot air wafted above the girl's face, stirring the tendrils of her fair hair; her two burning little palms clasped his hand. Once again the man fought back the wild desire to gather her in his arms, to keep her forever. He glanced bitterly around at the kutcha mud walls and floor. What sort of a place was this for a woman. It might be years before he became a Political Agent and this life was not one to ask a girl to share. No --he must let her go and he must not see her any more, lest the very sweet- ness of her weaken his resolution. Outside the wind whirled a mad eddy of dried leaves high in the air, the bam- boos swayed tipsily. Behind the hills the thunder pounded, the lightning tore forkedly through the sky, great clouds rolled heavily black with the coming rain; then with a roar like the rattle of musketry the monsoon came, beating on the thatch and in a few moments turn- ing the trail into a rushing, muddy stream. Above the clamor of the storm Goring heard a man's shout and through the open dor saw the chipros- sie he had left at Barampadar running unsteadily toward him. "Sahib, Sahib Hazur," the man cried. He fell across the threshold salaaming Goring. The little Gurka sergeant and his handful of men gathered outside; the chiprossie's words tumbled out con- fusedly, his face fearful with horror. "The junglies had gone to Baram- padar," he said in Hindustani, "they had burnt the company cooly lines, they had sacked the babu quarters, had robbed the bazaar. In the office they had broken open the safe and stolen 800 rupees; the Parsee contractor had fled into the jungle, but Waler Sahib had been killed, found dead with an arrow in his heart and no one to say who had done the deed. Oh, Protector of the Poor, great will be the vengeance the Sahiblog will take upon the Santals. Fifty of their villages shall be burnt and their crops destroyed; so one of the Tesseldars had told them, bidding them hasten back to their homes, but Das babu still drives them on. The Gurkas fight sahib until every man falls dead hacked by little axes, but I, the faithful servant of my lord, hasten here to warn him the Bengalee sends them here to seize the memsahib. Much liquor has he given them and told them the memsahib is the evil spirit who has brought upon them all these misfor- tunes. It is not wise for the lord of my father to remain here." Goring listened, his brows knit, his face hard and grim. The girl beside him tried to follow what was being said: she heard her father's name, but though she could not understand in- tiutively she knew that whatever word had come was not good. "My father, what does he say of him?" she whispered to Goring. He turned away for a moment. Un- strung and ill as she was, now was not the time to tell her how Waler had died. "Do not be anxious," he answered gently. "Maharaj--sahib--Hazur," the chi- prossie rolled at Goring's feet, kissing the ground before him, "the lord of my father will listen to the word of his poor servant. Thousands are coming, women and children as well. From be- hind the trees they will slay us all; it is not well for the sahib to stay." 