She Had to Play the Lead 53 ured it out that if that got in the papers we could get credit for eats and drinks from the stores in New York where the Van Hornes used to deal. It worked like magic. Say, the drinks would knock your eye out--champagne, port, Scotch, everything. They think Steve is his private secretary. That automo- bile you came out in has the Van Horne crest on it. Steve can imitate writing to beat the band. He--" "You mean he can forge other peo- ple's writing," said Mary severely. Nell was too good-tempered to resent the charge. "It's a gift," Nell returned simply. "The electric light, water and gas peo- ple fell for Sam's imitation of young Van Horne's writing. We had to pay the help to scrub and clean up, but we got some useful pointers that way." Mary Gray looked at her curiously. "Don't you realize you are putting a lot of information in my way that I could use against you?" The girl was again conscious of the ruthlessness of this easy-going, pleas- ure-loving Nell Schirmer. Of the two, she felt she would fear Steve less. "I'm telling you because you are in on this trick. You've got to be. There's no risk. When it's over you just fade out and do what you like with the money you'll get. If you make a squeal you'll go to the Island and then the bulls will take you in whenever [t]hey feel like it. They'll come and look at you as you're doing your thirty days, and when they see you back in the city, they'll re- member. Another thing, girlie, don't try to make a getaway. Sam ain't very good tempered. He never has been since Joe Walcott beat him up bad at Coney, so don't take any chances with him. And one thing more, we've got our friends on the outside, and they'd only bring you back here." Chapter II Nell's warnings did not deter the girl from watching her opportunity to escape. She felt if once she were the other side of the high stone walls she would find some good Samaritan. She was rested and strong and used to ath- letic sports. She doubted if Sam or Steve could catch her in a footrace. When she found Nell unobservant she ran upstairs to see if from some high window she could get an idea of the lie of the land. She hoped to be able to see some nearby town, but all that was visible wfas hill and treetops. She was making her way across the corridor to another room facing in a contrary direction, when, red-faced and angry at having to take so much exer- tion, Nell came puffing up the stairs. "If Steve gets good and sore on you," Nell began, "you'll be sorry. You come down with me and begin to dress the part. She looked at Mary's clothes with scorn, "Rufus Green won't fall for you if you look like that. Rita Duval is the swellest dresser in the movies." The first thought of rebellion was crushed when Nell gripped the girl's arm. The elder woman smiled a little as the girl's face bore tribute to her strength. "Didn't think I was so strong, did you?" she smiled. "Well, dearie, when I met Steve I was a headliner in vaude- ville in an acrobatic act." Nell went on talking as she piloted the other down- stairs. "Did I tell you we had friends on the outside who'd bring you back if you got away?" "Haven't you any pity at all?" the girl cried. "Do you suppose I want to let this man Green make love to me thinking I'm someone else?" "Stuff!" said Nell. "Pity? Ain't I offering you more money than you'd make honestly in twenty years? He won't be here till tomorrow and we'll 