60 She Had to Play the Lead here?" she said. The girl was still trembling from fear and excitement. "Certain," he said firmly, "we are as safe here as Colonel Chester was." "But we don't want to stay here for months," she returned dismally. "You won't have to," he comforted her. "When you feel all right we can go down some steps and come out in an old cow barn that is never used. Then we can watch our opportunity to cut through the woods to a side road that leads to Brewster. I can get you away from here a dozen ways and all of them safe ones." She looked at him wonderingly. "How is it you are so much at home here and know all these secrets?" "You see the place belongs to me," he said. "I'm the last of the Van Hornes. My great-grandmother, who was born a Chester, brought it to us." By tortuous ways, through dark pas- sages and cobwebbed doors, Mary at last saw through a chink in the shin- gles of the barn the little path that led to safety. When they could see and hear noth- ing of the pursuers they made their way through the pines to the main road. In the train to the city he told her a great deal about himself. That it was by accident he chanced to come to the old place on that particular day. He had not been near it since he was a schoolboy. When Sam, who had been engaged by the New York agent, had addressed him as Mr. Green and he had seen that his house was occupied by invaders he determined to find out the reason, Mary herself could take up the threads from that until now they were nearing the city. "What's going to happen to you?" he demanded. A look of misery came into her eyes. But she felt she could not ask help from him. The comedy was finished. Their play-acting was over. She would not let him see how helpless she was. "I shall get along all right," she said with an attempt at lightness. "No you won't," he said, "you're miserable, Mary. You're afraid of yourself. You dread trying to hunt up a job. You dread going to your uncle and saying you've failed. You can't think of Mrs. O'Ryan without thinking of the police. Confess I'm right." "If you are why are you so cruel as to remind me of it?" "Because you've, forgotten I prom- ised to give you a real job." She looked so troubled that his heart ached for her. "Why did you forget it?" he persist- ed. "You didn't mean it," she said de- jectedly. "There's a lot of hard work attached to it," he told her. "I'd welcome it," she cried, "the harder the better. Do you really think you could help me to a position?" "You might not accept it," he said. "But I will!" she exclaimed. "Just give me a chance." He sighed. "Splendid, Mary, and I did so dread proposing." "Proposing?" she repeated. "Don't you understand," he smiled, "that you've accepted me?" 