94 Lonely Heart ter made a swerve and ploughed on through the fog. "Wot the bloody 'ell d'ye think this is?" a voice from the distance bellowed. A black blot in the wake of the boat marked the swiftly diminishing shadow of the launch. "This is Limehouse Reach," Braith- waite told me. It was a mystery how the cutter held her course as well as she did in that awful fog. I expected at any moment to crash into some other craft and begin an unpremeditated ex- ploration of Nirvana. "Easy on the port, sir!" shot to my ears out of the fog. ‘‘Aye, aye, sir!" "A little more! There!" "Aye, aye. ..." The voices were drowned in the wailing of a siren. "Sharp lookout!" shouted Braith- waite. "Where are we?" I asked. "I can't see a damned thing in this mist!" "Past Blackwall; I think that was the Reach. ..." I looked at the illuminated dial of my watch. Three o'clock to the minute. Gray hulls, seeming monstrous in the density of the overhanging vapour, small tugs, crafts of even more diminu- tive proportions swept past us. Now and then I caught a brief glimpse through the fog of a face peering from the lighted window of some vessel. The Thames seemed suddenly to have opened its mouth. The banks were spreading farther away, the lights growing dimmer and farther between. Indistinguishable blurs bulged out of the mist, which now seemed to be clear- ing, and evaporated. "Can't you make it a few knots hard- er?" Braithwaite yelled over his shoul- der. "Tight forward, sir; she's doing the best she can!" I became aware of a slight rolling of the little boat. A grim smile hovered on Braithwaite's mouth. The Swede was a statue. He had not moved since we left the down-Thames dock. A big hulk appeared suddenly along- side us. "Ahoy there!" Braithwaite shouted, using his hands as a megaphone. "Ahoy yer'sel'!" came back to him. A dim light glimmered on the port side. "An' watch where you're goin'!" "Seen anything of a big schooner go- ing seaward?" the man from Scotland Yard bellowed, still using his hands as a megaphone. "Seen two!" "Which way?" "Beyond the Nore! 'Bout 'arf hour ago." "Where the devil are we?" I just caught the words--"Off Sheer- ness ..." "Good God!" I muttered aloud. "It's madness to go any farther!" For the first time Ericsson spoke. "No!" he said fiercely. Braithwaite laughed harshly. "It was madness to ever come, but I've gone this far ..." Pitching and rolling the little cutter rode the waves, which now were burst- ing over the bow. I was almost drenched. I expected any moment to be hurled into the thrashing water. An hour. The Nore Light lay ahead. Cold sea winds, blown from dreary ex- panses of winter ocean, sprang up with new force. The cutter had weathered good so far, but the sea was becoming too strong. The fog drifted away on the wings of the wind and as far as the eye could see was nothing but an awful darkness. "Hardly enough juice to make it to land, sir!" someone in the rear shouted. "Damn the land!" Braithwaite hurled back at him. "I'm not going to be beat this late in the game! I--" "Schooner on the starboard!" inter- rupted his sentence. 