MA6A2WE

Ainm nc m
THE MERRY MAGAZINE

 No. 57

VITAMIN D'IN THE 'ALLENBURYS' FOODS
^-—-—

   $\V'r
   b\ tVveV
   , to

^ate<’eJitfe

 ate

 cos^Vdut’^

{ee\ ’

^00 tte 1	^ e\e*eut"

,^e t'!a.V.n& eaCU SU 3. c*^fVv
. t^V

*

rfeot

 \acV.^

tfre

 CO^ain.„e Pet

Zm006

mothers/

SEND FOR
pll FREE BOOK

PHT TPHM ALLEN & HANBURYS LTD..
^ W LJ IT vJ'l^l 37( Lombard Street, London, E.C.3

cTiCrs.

will be pleased to receive, free of charge, n copy of the ' Allenbuiys'
book, 1 Infant Feeding nnd Management’ and a i-lb. sample of Foci4

Her Rnhv’s Ace Is.

 Merry Mnn.
FOR MARCH, 1929

CONTENTS

 Aetist

Author

The Girl Who Wasn’t Emily .. Richard Starr .. .. 2
(Illustrated by Hynes)

One Crowded Hour ...... Craven Hill .. .. 10

(Illustrated by P. Hayward)

Romance for Rent ......George Weston .. .. 14

{Illustrated’ by E. Welch-liidout)

            % The Fickle Goddess ......A. C. M. Hunter .. 24

            p	(Illustrated by Leslie Butler)

            P On the Nine-Thirty ......Edward Taylor .. .. 27

             <' The Merry-Go-Round	.. Mel and G. M. B. .. 28

£ A Pock ot March Dust .. .. Stephen Procter.. .. 33
(Illustrated by E. Hubbard)

           * Hair Apparent ........ William Freeman .. 44

(Illustrated by Fitz)

               . One Thing and Another .. .. Robert Magill .. .. 52
               ►	(Illustrated by George Thomvson)

Love Conquers All ......Alta May Coleman .. 58

(Illustrated by Qilli* Wilson)

A Clown in Mufti ..	Nelson Jackson .. 70

Keep Your Eye On the Ball .. "William Almon Wolf! 72
(Illustrated by Enc Parker)

           t Fowl Luck........ .. By F. Morton Howard 83

         ■*	(lUustrated by May&)

Merry Mag. Mixture ................96

Coloured Cover Design by P. HARDING

The rights of translation and reproduction of the content9 of this

magazine are strictly reserved.

NOTICE TO CON T Rl BU TORS.—All Stories. Verses, Drawings, etc., submitted to tic Editor for consideration
    must bear he names and addresses of the senders and be accompanied by stamped and addressed envelopes.
    Brie] Humorous Shits, Impr^ions Articles, etc., specially welcomed.

It mu-n be understood ifiai while every care is taken of each contribution submitted, it is sent ai the author’s risk,
and the Editor is not responsible for its safe custody or returns
Editorial communications should be addressed to the Editor oj Tub Meeey Magazine, The Fleetway Hov.se,
Famngdon Street, London, E.C.i.

BATES OF SUBSCRIPTION; The Meeey Magazine *. ,, twelve months single copies
   Inland and Abroad (Payable in advance)	9/~	9&

A
If the cap (or hat) fits- But it didn't. Whereby there was much laughter,
     Dicky Siarr and Hynes get together this month and make merry.

By RICHARD STARR.

 William entered the picture-liouse rather
 hot and flustered. He found Emily
 just inside the swing doors leading to
 the balcony.

   This was where she had said she would
 wait for him, and there she was according to
 plan.- William couldn’t see her, because he
 had just come from bright sunshine outside,
 and he couid see nothing.

   But he felt somebody catch hold of his
 arm rather roughly, and Emily's voice sp.id:

   “ So here you are.”

   Which meant, obviously, that Emily was
 annoyed again. She had been waiting a
 quarter of an hour, and Emily did not like
 waiting for William. She said it was un-
 dignified for a girl to wait for a man, though
 she would cheerfully wait two hours outside
 a shop when there was going to be a bargain
 sale. But William, of course, was not a
 bargain sale.

   “ I’m very sorry, dear,” said William
 humbly, and a little out of breath. “ Funny
 thing, I ran straight into the arms of old
 Crabtree. He was in my battery, yon know,
 and I hadn’t seen him since we had that re-
 union two years ago. I simply couldn't get
 away from him for a few minutes. He would
 keep talking about a screamingly funny
 thing that happened once when we all went
 ;to the divisional baths at Poperinghe. You
 gee, we hadn’t had a bath for-”

Illustrated by HYNES.

   " Oh, do be quiet! ” said Emily crossly.

  A torch girl projected an electric beam
of several kilowatts straight into William’s
best eye, and said :

  “ This way, please.”

  The girl went ahead, waving her torch,
about in a most disconcerting way. Emily
followed. William only kept in the cortege
by grasping Emily’s coat at the back. And
Emily did not like her coat grasped at the
back. It annoyed her. She said:

  “ Oh, do leave me alone! ” and knocked
William’s hand away quite sharply.

  At the end of the front row of seats, the
torchbearer deserted them.

  “ Come along,'-’ said Emily. “ I’m not
going to sit here. There’s always a draught
this side, and there’s plenty of room farther
along. Follow me.”

  William followed her as best he could. He
seemed to be always following Emily. She
was a born leader. William could not see
her. He could not see a thing except the
screen.

•	Being the afternoon performance there
was a very small attendance, and the front
row of the balcony was practically empty.
So William did not have to walk over people's
feet. He followed Emily by instinct, and
presently, when he bumped up against her
knees, he knew that she had sat down.
When she was annoyed Emily was very
THE GIRL WHO WASN’T EMILY

3

sparing of words, so lie did not expect her to
say anything.

  William said:

  ** Oh, here you are.”

  And sat down beside her.

  William was never annoyed. He hated
rows. He was always ready to admit himself
in the wrong and take the first step towards
an armistice. He was old-fashioned enough
to believe that there was nothing like a few
kisses to promote peace and forgiveness.

  “ Darling/’ he whispered as soon as he was
in his seat, “ I’m sorry, very sorry indeed.
Don’t let’s quarrel. Let’s make up and be
pals.”

  He slid his arm round her waist and drew
her towards him. He felt her stiffen, but
overcame this reluctance by a little mascu-

from her own lap to his, and held it prisoner,
patting it reassuringly. That was one thing
about Emily. She may have had her faults,
but she had a very nice hand ; a comforting
sort of hand to hold in a picture-house.

  “ Do you mind telling me what you think
you are doing ? ”

  William stopped patting the hand, though
he did not release it. It was trying to get
away from him, but William held on. He had
that sort of feeling that comes to us sometimes
in dreams, when the solid ground melts under
our feet, leaving us trying to stand on less
than nothing. He felt he must hold on to
something.

  It was rather strange about this voice. It
seemed to come from the next seat where
Emily was sitting. Yet
it was not Emily’s voice.
It was a girl’s voice, and
a very nice voice indeed,
but it did not belong to
Emily. It was
altogether a
weird effect.
William turned
quite clam-
my. There
must be a
ventriloquist
about, playing
tricks. A low
voice, little
more than a
whisper, with
a husky sweet-
ness that was
thrilling. But
not Emily’s.

“ I beg your
pardon,” said
William cau-
tiously, feeling
his way. “ I
didn’t quite
get you.”

The voice
earne again, not more than six
inches from his ear—on Emily’s
side.

    once
fair and
square o n
the mouth.

After which
William re»
leased her
and sat
back, feel-
ing that at
least he had done his
part.

  He conveyed her hand

line strength. There were times w iien Wllham
believed in a mild version of the cave-man
tactics. He believed that
if you kissed a girl well
enough and often enough
she would eventually for-
give you — though this
hadn’t always
worked with
Emily.

  However,
he kissed ^
her three /
times in /
spite of her |
resistance. I
Once on the \
ear, once on
the nose

 What have you got there?"
 asked Emily. “ My hat,” said
 William automatically. “Don't
 be ridiculous; your hat is on
 your head! ”
%e MlWSi Magazine

  “ I said I should be glad if you would tell
me what you think you are doing.”

  William became more clammy. Gradually
a conviction was forcing itself upon him that
there was something wrong somewhere.

  “ I’m afraid 1 don’t understand,” he said.
e< Who are you, please ? ”

  “ I don’t know that that is any business of
yours,” said the voice, rather sharply.
William choked.

  {l B-but I thought you were Emily.”
ci I am not Emily,” said the voice. “ Can’t
you see that I am not ? ”
c‘ I can’t see a thing,” confessed William.
“ I have just come in from outside; and I
never can see anything in a picture house until
I have been inside at least five minutes.”

  “ Well,” said the voice, slightly mollified,
“ if Emily is the girl who was with you—
that is. if she was with you ? ”

  “ She was—is.”

  “ Well, you were walking about three yards
behind her, so 1 didn’t know. She went on,
and you sat down beside me. And then

  “ Do you mean to say ” asked William, in
a hushed voice, “ that it was vou I kissed ? ”
“ It was.”

“ Well, I can’t understand it. T’ve never
done a thing like this before. And do you
mean that this is your hand I'm holding ? ”
“ It is, and I'd be glad to have it back when
you've finished with it. I know you’ve only

borrowed it, but-”

  William dropped the comforting little hand
as if it had bitten him.. He lowered his voice
to a whisper, because he had just felt a foot
prod him m the small of the back—evidence
that there were people sitting behind him.

  l’ I'm very sorry about this. I mean, I
hope you will believe that I did not do this
intentionally.”

  " That’s all right. There’s no harm done
jf you didn’t know what you were doing—
that is, whom you were doing it to. But
do you, when you take your young lady to
the movies, grab her directly you get to your
seat a nd kiss her ? ”

  “ This is the first time I’ve done it,” said
William. “ But, you see, Emily and I had

been having a row. We have a good many
rows, and I don’t like rows. Can’t bear them.
I was trying to smooth things over. I thought
she was just in front of me instead of sitting
several yards ahead, and when I felt somebody
sitting down, I thought it was Emily. So
I sat down and kissed her.”

  “ You mean you kissed me.”

  “ I’m very sorry-”

  “ Don’t worry. Worse things happen at
sea. But didn’t it strike you that though
you can’t see a thing, the people who have
been here some time can \ ”

  “ It didn't strike me,” returned William
contritely. “ But now that you point it out
I realise that I have been a gorgeous idiot.
I can only hope that you will forgive me.”

  “ There’s nothing much to forgive. As
kisses they are hardly worth mentioning.
It’s rather a good job I didn’t have a man
sitting on the other side of me.”

  “ That would have been very unfortunate,”
said William feelingly.

  “ Yes,” returned the voice drily. “ Can you
see now ? ”
t! 1 am just beginning to make out your
outline. I can’t see your face yet.”

  “ Then perhaps you had better go before
you do. You might be frightfully dis-
appointed. And I don’t suppose Emily will
be any better pleased for being kept waiting
again.”

  William felt that there was fundamental
truth in this. Re rose hurriedly and grabbed
his hat. which he found he had been sitting
on. Not that it mattered, being a soft felt,
but he did not remember putting it on tho
seat.

  “ I want to say again how sorry I am--”

  “ Please don’t. I know it was a mistake,
and you haven’t hurt me. Get on and find
Emily. She must be somewhere at the end of
this row. The longer you stay the worse it
will be.”

  It was worse than anything William could
have imagined. William’s explanation of his
second absence was received in frosty silence.

  With a desire for peace, he concealed the
active part of what had happened. This did
not make his case any better, because it
THE GIRL WHO WASN’T EMILY

S

transpired that Emily Gibbs had actually
seen.

  She had been in the theatre a quarter
of an hour, so her eyes were accustomed
to the gloom. She had happened to
look back to see where William was,
just at the very moment when William
had the strange girl well and truly in his
arms and. was extremely busy kissing her.

  William’s delayed explanation of his

“ Did anybody
complain about
losing a hat ? ’

W illiam.

mishap, when he eventually presented it for
consideration, did not go at all well with
Emily. In fact she laughed, a hard, un-
pleasant sort of laugh.

“ Is that the best story you can think of ? ”
she said.

“ Look here,” said William, getting for
once a little annoyed himself, “ if I were

running two girls at th®
same time, do you think
I would be fool enough
to invite them both to the same picture
house at the same time ?55

 “ Yes,” replied Emily. “ You would be
fool enough for anything.”

To which, of course, there was no answer.
William sat by her side for an hour, and
the frost showed no signs of breaking. The
picture did not help. It was all about a man
who deceived girls in a barefaced way. Emily
applauded when, in the., last reel, he was
overtaken by richly deserved retribution.

  But not a word would she have to say to
the miserable William, who was beginning
to wonder what he was really getting out
of being engaged to Emily. .Her lapses into
sweetness were becoming progressively rarer.
Whereas the girl he had kissed by mistake—
how delicious that low, husky, sweet voice
had sounded ! How reasonable, even generous,
she had been over his fatuous blunder.
Already the idea was being born in William's
brain that he must see her again. That is to
say, he must see her for the first time; because
he hadn’t seen her at all yet. He refused to
believe that her face could be anything but
delightful.

  Abruptly, after an hour of stony silence,
Emily rose and went out. William followed
meekly, hat in hand. When they arrived
in the lighted vestibule, he went to put on his
hat and found he couldn’t.

  “ What have you got there ? ” demanded
Emily icily.

  “ My hat,” said William automatically.

  “ Don't be ridiculous. Your hat is on your
head. You’ve got a girl’s hat in your hands.”

  Sad to relate, this was only too true.
William’s hat was indeed on his head. It had
been on his head all the time. The hat in his
hands, which he had been nursing for the last
hour, was a soft felt, but there its likeness
to his own ended. It was, as Emily had truly
stated, a girl’s hat.

  “ Where did you get it ? ” demanded
Emily.

  “ It must be that girl’s hat,” returned the
stricken William.

  “ What girl ? ”

  “ The girl I—I sat down beside. You see,
I sat on a hat which I thought was my own.
I was a bit confused. When I left I took
the hat with me, thinking it was my own.”

  They were now in the street. Emily looked
vengefully at the battered little toque.

  “ Throw the thing away,” she said.

  “ How can I throw it away ? ” returned
William spiritedly. “ It is not my property.
I must go back and find the girl it belongs to.”

  To be honest, William was not feeling so

 Magazine

crestfallen as he looked. To go back to the
girl with the husky sweet voice was the one
thing he most desired. To speak to her
again ; to see her face. If he couldn't see her
this time, he would wait until he could. Per-
haps to get her name and address.

  “ Do you expect me to wait for you while
you go back to that girl again ? ” asked
Emily.

  “ No,” said William. “ But I am going
back nevertheless. You would have me let
this young lady go home bare-headed ? ”

  “ If you go back to that girl you can say
good-bye to me.”

  William bowed, and said he was going.
Emily turned her back on him, walked to the
kerb and hailed a ’bus, which ignored her,
William went back to the picture-house.

  To avoid argument he bought another
ticket and went straight to the middle row
where lie had left the girl with the seductive
voice.

  The girl was not there. The whole of the
front row was empty. She had gone without
her hat.

  “ Did anybody,” asked William of the
torch girl, “ complain about losing a hat ? ”

  The torch girl giggled.

  “ Complain—I should just think so. A
lady came and bullied me as if I had taken
it. You’ve got it—oh, my goodness! She
said somebody had stolen it, and she would
hold us responsible. She carried on, I can
tell you.”

  “ I took it by mistake,” said William
seriously. “ I thought it was my own.”

  The girl found this hugely diverting.

  “ Well, you can leave it at the office if you
like. Then if she comes back we can give it
to her. It doesn’t look worth much now.
She said we hadn’t heard the end of this
yet.” _

  “ Did she leave her address ? ” askeci
William.

  “ Yes. Here it is.”

  “ Good,” said William. “ The least I can
do is to call on her and return her property,
with an apology.”

  “ Brave man,” giggled the torch-girl. “ 1
wouldn’t care to be you.”
THE GIRL WHO WASN’T EMILY

7

  William cared nothing for her
amusement. He forgot Emily.

He felt like a surf-board rider
on the crest of the wave. This
was his day. He could do nothing
wrong. He had her address.

He was going to see her again.

A hundred to one chance
had come home. If he
hadn’t picked up that hat
by mistake, he would
never have heard of her
again. Now the ball was
at his feet. Every-
thing depended on
how he played it.

  The name was
Sarah Gates. As
a name for a girl
William had never
cared much for
Sarah. Now there
seemed an aura of
distinction about it.

  He took the
trouble to go home.

The occasion called
for some pains over his appear-
ance. He had a feeling that he
was going to meet his fate; and
when a man goes to meet his
fate, he puts hi3 best clothes 011
if he has any sense. William
did, at any rate. He had a
feeling that Emily Gibbs was
not for him. For a long time
he had wondered whether
Emily’s almost habitual peevishness would be
likely to improve after marriage, and what
married life would be if it did not.

  In the early part of the evening William,
neatly but not gaudily turned out, rang the
bell of a house in his own suburb. The door
was opened by a weary-looking maid.

  William, who was carrying a paper bag,
asked if he could speak to Miss Sarah Gates.

  “ You mean Mrs. Sarah Gates ? ”

  William’s heart missed a beat. He stared
at the girl.

   “ No,” he said firmly. “ Miss Sarah Gates.”

  “Well, there isn’t
a Miss Sarah Gates—
not here, at any

  “ Did Mrs. Gates
lose a hat at the
pictures to-day ? ”
asked William a
trifle hoarsely.

  “ Oh! ’’—the girl
caught sight of the
paper bag—“you’re
the man who took
it ? Come in. The
missis wants to see
you.”

 William was
shown into a small
front room. Gone
was his fine con-
fidence. He was a
broken man. The wave on
which he had been riding so
triumphantly had let him
down. Blind luck had led
him by the hand only to
make a fool of him. He
had found the girl with the
beautiful voice, only to be
told that she was a married
woman
The door opened. A wo»
man of fifty summers, with
a hard, nobbly face and a
martial way of putting her
feet down, stood before
"Then you are him, glaring at him as if
the girl I saw he were a malefactor.
that day at the William stood up, dumb.
movies P ”	He was like a man turned

  “ You didn't to stone. He trembled to
see me—you only think that he had actually
kissed meput his arm round this
terrible woman and kissed
her. Imagination boggled at the idea. It
could not be.

  “ Are you Mrs. Sarah Gates ? ” he asked
faintly.

  “ I am,” returned the uncompromising
female. “Do I understand that it was
%e ffcjSSMSf Magazine

you who took my hat this afternoon ? ”
“ Entirely under a misapprehension,” said
William. “ 1 thought it was my own.”

 “ Stuff and nonsense. A likely tale. I’ve
 never heard of such a thing. How could you
 mistake a woman’s hat for yours ? ”

 “ I was rather confused,” explained Wil-
 liam. “When I found I was sitting on a
 hat-”

“ Do you mean to say you sat on my
hat ? ”

 She grabbed the paper bag and tore out the
 unfortunate hat, which in spite of William’s
 efforts at renovation looked a somewhat
 rakish affair.

    “ Ruined ! ” she cried; “ You’ve ruined it!
 That was practically a new hat! Now look
 at it! Look at it, I say! That hat cost a

guinea-”

 “ I shall be pleased to pay for it,” returned
 William.

 He counted out two ten-shilling notes and
 a shilling on to the table. The lady was
 slightly mollified, but only slightly. She was
 worse than Emily—far worse. Yet in the
 darkness of the picture-house how reasonable
 and friendly she had sounded !

 “ I want to say again,” added William
 firmly, “ how sorry I am for what occurred
 this afternoon.”

 “ So am I—very sorry.”

 “ When I kissed you I had not the least

idea-”

 “ Kissed me! ”

 The terrible woman seemed to dilate. Her*
 eyes blazed, her nostrils quivered.

    How dare you say you kissed me ? ”

 A little ray of hope stole into William’s
 heart like balm.

 “ It was you I kissed, wasn’t it ? ”

 “ I know what this is! ” declared Mrs.
 Gates violently. “ This is blackmail, that's
 what it is. This is a deep-laid plan bccauso
 you think I am a lone and defenceless woman.
 But I am not. My husband shall hear this.
 You shall tell your infamous story to him !

 She flung the door open and marched out
 with martial tread. William hoped that
 Mr. Gates was at the far end of the garden or
 in the bath. He did not wait to find out. It

 seemed to him at that moment that the story
 he had to tell was not a convincing one.

  He slipped out of the room. The narrow
hall was empty. A moment later he closed
the front door behind him. Not till he was
round the corner did he breathe freely again.

  A terrible business altogether. But there
was one bright spot. There was strong pre-
sumptive evidence that it was not Mrs. Gates
he had kissed in the darkness of the balcony.
That was some relief. But the girl of the low,
sweet voice—how was he to find her now ?

  Emily returned her engagement-ring, and
three weeks later William heard that she was
going out with Mr. Purkess, a rather well-to-do
widower. William hoped she would be happy.
Mr. Purkess had a very fine car, and Emily
had always seemed to regard it as a grievance
that William could not afford a car.

  Being honest with himself, William could
not look upon it as a misfortune that he had
lost Emily. He found indeed that life was
brighter. Their temperaments had evidently
clashed. Perhaps she would get on better with
Purkess. He hoped so.

  He did not forget the girl with the magnetic
voice whom lie had kissed in the dark. It was
impossible to forget her. But she faded to
the back of his mind, where she remained as a
sweet, rather sad memory. It was impossible
to be really grief-stricken over the loss of a
girl he had never had and whose face 3:e had
never seen. And, after all, there was no
definite proof that it was not Mrs. Gates
had kissed.

  Ho went back after a time to his old ways.
That is to say, he caught a later train to the
City in the morning. Ever since his engage-
ment to Emily, he had caught an earlier train
than necessary in order to go to the City with
her.

  And once more he saw the girl whom ho
used to see nearly every morning on this train.
The pretty girl with the dark brown eyes and
the glossy hair and the rather demure air of
always minding her own business. It was
nearly a year since he had last seen her.

  Always William had been instinctively
drawn to this girl. Not merely her prettiness.
There was something companionable about.
THE GIRL WHO WASN’T EMILY

her. She seemed the sort of girl a man would
feel comfortable with. She would understand
him. He would not have to be always ex-
plaining why he did this and why that-. He
could not imagine her nagging.

  There had never been any sign of recog-
nition between them, though William had
seen her nearly every morning for about two
years. He was not the sort of man to scrape
casual acquaintance with a girl. Nor was
this the girl to allow it. William had seen
other fellows try it with her, and draw a
complete blank.

  Imagine, then, the surprise of William when
she greeted him with a starry smile and a little
nod of the head.

  William was puzzled and delighted. Every
morning after that she smiled, and William
raised his hat. Then came the day when they
found themselves straphanging side by side.

  “ Well,” she said, “ how did you get on with
Emily ? ”

  William stared. Gradually enlightenment
came to him. The girl’s eyes were full of
laughter. Her hair had the rich gloss of the
horse chestnut. Her lips were sweet and
fresh and inviting. She was lovely.

  All round them people devoured their
morning papers, and other straphangers
bumped them, unmindful that romance with
shining face had come suddenly among them.
William drew a long, deep breath.

  “ You! ” he whispered, just loud enough
for her to hear above the thunder of the train.
“You are the girl I saw that day at the
movies ? ”

“ You didn’t see me—you only kissed me.”
C£ Well. I said I was sorry.”

 “ I know you did. You said it several
 times.”

 “ It was untrue. I am not sorry. I only
 wish I had kissed you more.”

 “ Hush ! I ought not to listen to this ! ”

 “ How is it that you know me ? ” asked
 William.

“You were the only one of us who was
blind, you know. I could see your face quite
well, and I recognised you.”

 “ Did you know there was a hat on the seat
 next to yours that day ? ”

 “ Was there ? It wasn’t mine. I didn’t
 take mine ofi.”

 “ I sat on it.”

 “ Gracious! There was a woman sitting
 behind. I suppose it was hers. If people put
 their hats on seats they haven't paid for, and
 forget them, serves them right if they get sat
 on. How did you get on with Emily ? ”

 “ I should like to tell you about that,” said
 William. “ How would it be if we were to
 meet to-night and have a cup of tea some-
 where ? ”

 “ Oh, I don’t know about that! You see,
 we are perfect strangers. We don’t even
 know each other’s names.”

 “ That can easily be remedied. And I don’t
 see how you can look upon a man who has
 kissed you three times as a stranger.”

 “Well, there’s something in that, I sup-
 pose.” She gave him a flashing smile. “ How
 would six o’clock suit you, outside the Royal
 Exchange ? ”

   THE END,

HER EyES.

 T love Amanda for her tresses
 So silken and so fair,

 I love her for the way she dresses-
 So neat and debonnaire.

 I love her for her dainty nose
 Uptilted, prim and chic,

 1 love her for the pretty rose
 That blooms upon her cheek.

 But since her “ screw ” was raised again
 (A quite unlooked-for prize)

 She seems annoyed when I maintain,

 I love her for 1m me!

C.EL
W As unumal as it is short and sweet, Well worth reading.

 Illustrated, by /
 \P Hayward /

Thomas lived in
Knightsbridge, a
select enough quarter
for any cat; a land flowing
with milk and honey, but
more particularly with milk,
especially around seven
o’clock in the morning. At
that golden hour, when the
milkmen swarmed up like a
besieging army past the Albert Gate, you
would be sure to find Thomas hanging
round, tail waving hopefully aloft. It was
the only thrill that crossed Ms humdrum life.

  Now some cats—town-bred cats, mind you
—can put up stoically enough with the
enforced ennui of their colourless existence.
Thomas, however, could not; may be lie
was too highly strung. Bored stiff with the
unrelieved monotony of it all, the adventurous
spirit of some far-back wild ancestor asserted

itself, and—well-

  The long autumn evening was drawing
to its close. Outside, the roar of the Knights-
bridge traffic died away, and the hurrying
footsteps of passing pedestrians grew few
and far between. In the luxurious, soft-
lighted lounge of a big house facing Hyde
Park only the ticking of a clock and the
clicking of knitting-needles broke the silence.

  Curled up in the lap of a big arm-chair
lay Thomas, apparently asleep. But he was
not asleep. Oh, dear, 110 ! Just horribly bored,
that was alL He opened one amber eye and
blinked as his grey-haired mistress lay
aside her knitting, rose, and, crossing to the
door, went out.

  A moment later Thomas rose, too, and
stretched himself till his back vied with
the Marble Arch in the gracefulness of its
curve ; then, the pupils of his eyes like ver-

               tical slits set 111 yellow stone,
               his attention was attracted to
               the open window.

                 Outside, a passing bowler-hat,
tilted rakishly upon its owner's
head, drifted by on a level
with the window-sill. That
fair emblem of romance gave
Thomas an idea. It seemed
to beckon, to urge him into the
great outdoors. He silently let himself down
out of the chair.

  A pause followed, while the walnut clock
on the mantelpiece ticked hurriedly, as
if anxious to get on and pass over an awkward
moment. Then Thomas appeared on the
window-ledge, edging himself with great
care past a large bowl of dahlias; for Thomas,
be it understood, never upset anything.
It was, I should think, his one boast.

  A minute later his broad, striped head
poked itself out of the open window and
remained still while he blinked his sleepy
eyes and sniffed the cool evening air. Then
followed his large body, and one noted that
he looked well-nourished. But that was
just his trouble; physically, Thomas was
well-fed, but spiritually he was starved for
adventure.

  Opposite, the park, with its tall trees
and shadowy shrubbery, seemed to beckon
him with irresistible charm. Just then,
from among the lower branches of those
same, trees, Thomas caught the baleful glare
of two pale, luminous discs. They seemed to
float in the very air, without head or body
attached to them, and the eyes—for Thomas
supposed them to be eyes—held in them
an indescribable challenge. From acros
the road, Thomas met their cold stare.
He had never seen such mysterious eyes
ONE CROWDED HOUR

before; they shone in the dusk
almost like his own.

  Just then they vanished as if
by magic, and so did Thomas.
The mystery of those luminous
orbs was too much for any cat
with highly-strung nerves to
stand. He just slipped quietly to
the ground and stepped mincingly
across the pavement to the road
beyond.

  Just as he was midway across,
a solitary rider on horse-back
came cantering down upon him.
Thomas pulled up short, half-
scared at this unexpected
apparition. Anyone watching
would have said that Thomas
had better say what few prayers
(if any) he knew, for the beast
which loomed up suddenly out
of the gloom looked as big as
the Achilles statue beside him.
In the nick of time, how-
ever, Thomas fled from
under the clattering hoofs,
and soon was safely on the
opposite pavement.

 Here more
trouble awaited
him, for against
the railings was
a young Cairn,

Thomas stared bad[ at the owl with that fixed stare of unspeakable
hate common to his kind.
%e	Magazine

delicately investigating the possibilities of a
derelict bone. At the approach of the cat,
the dog lifted his head and snarled. But
Thomas was a London cat, with all that that
implies, and it took more than a scalliwag
Cairn to shake his nerves.

   Wherefore he leapt, lightly as thistledown,
upon the dog’s back, and stuck there as
close as a burr, scratching and spitting luridly.

  The next few seconds were quite crowded,
and the Cairn had the time of his life. Even
a kitten, you know, can make wonderful
havoc of a dog’s back when once it gets fixed
there, and Thomas was a tougher propo-
sition than any kitten. When that dog at
last got his leave to go, he went rather
sooner than at once, proclaiming his sorrows
aloud to the world at large, so that his
master, coming cut at that moment from his
front-door, heard him from afar off and swore.

  As for Thomas, he turned about, all savage
and bristling, and went, too. He went
straight up to and through the railings,
brought a filmy spider’s web to sudden grief,
and found himself at last on the soft, warm
grass of Hyde Park.

  As he went he turned and looked back
once at the lighted windows of the house he
had just left. A few moments before, in there
among the shaded, exotic lights of the big
room, Thomas had been just an ordinary
domestic pus3, felis domesticus—a harmless
tabby. Now, out here in the gathering dark,
among the night, he had become just—cat.
The prowling, hunting beast that his wild
forefathers had been.

  Silent as a ghost, with head down and
shoulders humped, trotting with the peculiar
swinging, loose stride that he adopted when
in spacious surroundings, he passed like a
patch of floating mist right down the avenue
of elms beside the Row. Once he slouched up
to a couple on a scat beneath a tree, but
finding that they took rather more interest
in themselves than in him, he passed super-
ciliously on, his nose in the air.

   A little later a mouse shot out, all hot and
bothered, from a clump of bushes beside the
path. It must have been an absent-minded
creature, for it quite failed to see the cat

standing in its path, and committed suicide
via Thomas accordingly. This was life in the
raw—bare and without frills on, life such as
did not often come the way of a mere town
cat, and it suited Thomas’ esthetic senses to
a T.

   For a minute or two he growled over it, and
then, pretending that he had forgotten its
very existence, he turned his back for a
moment, as a cat will. When he turned again,
lo! the mouse was no longer there. It had
vanished as completely as if it had never
been.

  Thomas was a sensible cat; he was no
believer in spooks, so he looked around; the
mouse must be somewhere.

  At that moment a voice close above him
said suddenly and awefully: “ Who’rc
you ?35

   Startled, Thomas glanced up in the direction
of the voice, and there, before him, seated on
the topmost bar of the railings, was a bird.
But no ordinary bird, for he was a giant among
the feathered ones. Moreover—ah, the secret
was out !—this was the owner of those dread-
ful “ eyes-in-the-night ” which he had seen
from the window of the house across the road.
What was more, a mouse—-Thomas’ mouse-
hung limply from the owl’s clutching talons.

  This was the limit. Thomas glared back at
the owl with that fixed stare of unspeakable
hate that lives in the eyes of all the cats when
roused. And the owl returned the stare ad lib
and with compoimd interest. Possession, he
seemed to say, was nine points of the law, and
the mouse was his mouse. Then, without
waiting to bandy words about it, he spread
his dusky wings and flitted up into a neigh-
bouring elm, in a hollow of which, where the
first branch jutted out from the massive
trunk, he had his nest. A safe retreat wherein
he was wont to sleep all day with the distant
roar of the Knightsbridge traffic drumming
dimly in his ears. There, not being at the
moment over-hungry, he laid the mouse in
his “ larder,” and went off forthwith to seek
for further stores.

  And Thomas ? Ah, but Thomas’ interest
was roused, and when that happened, you
never knew—it might lead to anything.
ONE CROWDED HOUR

13

Looking after the fugitive, he watched it. dis-
appear among'the foliage of the elm., and in
less than two seconds Thomas was well on his
way up that elm, doing a little exploration
work on his own account.

  Presently he found the entrance to the owl’s
larder, popped his head cautiously over the
edge, and looked inside. The place smelt like
a dustbin, and small wonder! There, before
him, were rats, sparrows and starlings of
various ages. And 021 the top of the heap was
—his own mouse.

  Thomas, too, looked upon possession as
nine points of the law. Therefore he carefully
retrieved his prize from the rubbish heap and
returned, silent as the night itself, by the way
he had come, till once more he stood upon the
path beneath the tree. Then, being minded
to carry his prize home with him to be de-
voured at leisure, he gripped it in his teeth,
and glanced .round furtively with a low,
rumbling growl as a warning to all his foes.

  He reached the railings at last, and was
about to slip beneath when he heard the angry
voice of “ Eyes-in-the-night ’’ and the quick
snap of his beak, and, looking up, saw the owl
flit silently past and away.	. .

  But Thomas didn’t care two of the owl’s
hoots for his troubles. He had had one
crowded hour of glorious life. He was content.

  He slunk across the road like a shadow,
leapt through the open window into the
lounge of the big house, and there upon the
hearth enjoyed the fruits of his labours.
Then, having cleaned himself up and com-
pleted his toilet, he jumped into the big
arm-chair and settled upon the cushions.

  A moment later the door opened.

  “The darling!said a silvery feminine
voice as his mistress entered the room with a
saucer of milk. “ I do believe you’d never stir
your sleepy old bones uniess 1 made you !55

  Thomas rose lazily and made towards the
saucer.

Thomas was curled up luxuriously in an
arm-chair, apparently asleep. But he was
not asleep ; just horribly bored.
14

                 Some things there are that cannot be bought, but
                        Chester found that he could get-

WESTON

                  Illustrated by-
                  E.Wdch Ridout

i.

IT was a dangerous place, that shop of
Gedding’s. From the avenue it looked
like a reconstructed Elizabethan house;
rather tall, to be sure, but. authentic enough
from the pavement. At one time a Canton
shawl would hold the centre of the shop-
window; at another a chinchilla wrap or
a set of silken mysteries which seemed to draw
the ladies as apple-blossom draws the bees.
Thus attracted, a certain percentage buzzed
inside, and could only escape by leaving
behind them some of that golden honey
without which the hives of industry would
presently cease to exist.

  A dangerous place, yes; a trap, if you like,
but a trap which wouldn't have been success-
ful without the gift of imagination and a
fine disregard for the perils of the deep.
In far-off Kyoto and Yokohama, in Shantung
and along the shores of the Pearl River, in
Calcutta and Madras, in Lyons and on both
banks of the Seine, in Brussels and the Low
Countries, in such widely-flung islands as
Luzon and Madeira, patient workers toiled
and spun so that Gedding’s might be properly
baited with beauty, so that no woman born
of man might enter without feeling her
heart beating faster and her pocket-book
opening. A trap, if you like, or a world-wide
web; and at the centre of the web sat old

John Gedding in his office 011 the’mezzanine
floor, looking at the card which his secretary
had just given him.

  “ Chester Taylor,” he read. Who’s he ? ”
“ I think you asked him to call,” she said.
“ Didn’t he write you something about
booklets and circular letters ? ”

  “ Oh, yes,” said old John. “ Send him in.”
He leaned back in his chair, having long
ago got over the trick of looking busy when-
ever a caller was expectcd; and there he
sat, a fine old spider in the middle of the
web which had been his life’s spinning.
He had once been red-headed, but time
had partly cured that; and he had. no doubt,
once been slender, but time had changed
that, too. And there he sat, with shoulders
so wide that a visitor seldom gave thought
to the curve of his front, especially after
looking into those quizzical blue eyes under
their rusty lashes.

  A young man entered; so young, indeed,
that he had not yet outgrown his freckles.
But he crossed the room with a grave and
earnest step, as though his cargo were full
of the noblest merchandise.

  “Mr. Taylor,” said old John, motioning
him to the chair by the side of his desk,
“ what can I do for you ? ”

  The caller sat down, saying:

  “ I'll show you, sir.”
And while he unbuckled his attache-case, “ Red-headed and freckled, like I was.”
the two men looked at each other across thought old John; and probably thinks
the years between them,	he has the world by the tail, like I did.

ROMANCE FOR RENT

  The net results of his work were four
heavily corrected sheets of paper. Four
sheets which Chester sourly
tore up after reading them.
m

%e	Magazine

  The young man thought:

  “ A tough old turkey, but I think he’s
a good one. I’m glad I put on a clean shirt
this morning. Darn these locks, anyway !::

  He almost pulled the second one oft'—a
touch of spirit by no means lost on the one
who was watching him—and then from
the open case before him the visitor drew
a two-page circular.

  “ Mr. Gedding,” he earnestly began, c< we
all seem to be born to do one thing well.
You'Ve done this.” He made a motion
indicating the encircling shop. “ You know
how good it is from the results you get from it.
And I’ve done these.” He waved the circulars.
“ And I know how good they are from the
results we get from them. I was working
in Northampton at the time. My first job.
In the shoe department of Grain and Mitchell.
And one rainy day I wrote this. Mr. Grain
liked it. He had it printed in two pages of the
telephone-book. The results were so good
that we printed it in most trade directories,
and that month our business in the shoe
department more than tripled. I have a
letter here from Mr. Grain which says so.”
And. then—and not till then—he handed
the circular to old John. It was a simple
little folder, entitled “ A Regular Man
Has an Awful Lot to Thank a Calf For.”
Old J. G. glanced it over, but gave close
attention to the accompanying letter.

  “ A few weeks later,” continued the earnest
young man, “ Mr. Grain called me to his
office. ' Chester,’ he said, ‘ I’ve been wonder-
ing if that circular of yours was a fluke.
We’ve over-stocked ourselves with fishing-
tackle. See if you can get out an advertise-
ment that, will move it.’ That night I wrote
him this one, * A Line, a Hook, a Sweet, Cool
Brook.’ Inside a week we were ordering fresh
tackle, and Mr. Grain wrote me this letter
of appreciation and put me in charge of the
firm’s advertising.”

  Again old J. G. glanced at the circular,
and again he bent his rusty brows over
the letter which went with it.

   “ 1 worked there a year, and was so success-
ful that I began to realise that this was
the one special thing which I had been

born to do well. It was then that I beg-™
to dream of coming to London. I arrived
here six weeks ago to-day, and here are
the results to date.”

  This time old J. G. sat back in hi3 chair
as he examined the further exhibits in the
case of young Chester Taylor v. The hard-
boiled City of London.

  “ You're doing well,” he grunted then.

  Ci Yes, sir,” said the other earnestly.
“And so are those who are doing business
with me. And now, Mr. Gedding, my terms
are simple. I would like to write you an
advertisement. If you don’t like it when
you see it, you owe me nothing. If you
decide to use it and aren’t pleased with the
results, you still owe me nothing. But if
you use it and are pleased with what it does
for you, I then receive fifteen pounds—and
an order for another ad.”

  Since laying down the last exhibits, Mr.
Gedding had been studying his visitor more
attentively—and whether it wa3 the young
man’s freckles or his hair or his earnestness,
rich old John G. seemed to see himself again
when he was a poor young John G., and had
come to this same city with not much else
than an almost fanatical belief that some day
he would be driving his own horses up and
down Piccadilly. .

  “ Have you had your lunch ? ” he suddenly
asked.

    Not yet, sir,” said Chester, his colour
rising.

  They went to a near-by club—and by the
time they had reached dessert, the young man
from Northampton was telling his great
ambition. Y/hen he had acquired sufficient
capital, he meant to establish a business of
his own—a business that could be built
up by folders and advertising until it was
known throughout the world. “ Like—like
Gedding’s, for instance,” he concluded.

“ Raising my own child, if you know what
1 mean, sir; instead of raising other people’s
children.”

  The older man grinned-—his thoughts
again traversing fifty years.

  “ Nothing like raising your own,” he
nodded. c’ But go slow at first. I’ve seen
ROMANCE FOR RENT	17

He watched her as she silently slipped a new
sheet of paper into her machine. “ No foolish-
ness about this one,” Chester thought.

many a promising young man go broke	expenses down/’ he said. ;; The address on

because of too much overhead expense.”	my letter-paper, I don't mind telling you.

  This time it was Chester’s turn to nod—	now, is my boarding-house. And all my

only he did it more earnestly.	typewriting's done at a public stenographer’s.”

  “ That’s one of two things I vowed to	“ That’s the way to get along! ” exclaimed

mvself before I came to London—to keep	old John G., looking back at the years when.
18

9Ae 1^1Magazine

fie had gone without his lunch in order to
inch ahead that much further. “ But you say
you vowed two things. What’s the other ?

  This time it was a wonder that Chester’s
colour didn’t set his ears on (ire.

  “ To keep away from the girls,” he said,
dropping his voice, but trying to look very
serious indeed. “ I noticed at school—and
after I left school—that a fellow who chased
& girl was never much good for anything
else. They seem to take all a man’s thoughts
—-all his spare time when he ought to be
Improving himself—all the money that he
ought to be saving. And I may be wrong,
but I can’t see what they give for what they
get. It seems like a one-sided game to me.”

  “ That’s the way to talk! ” chuckled old
John G., rising. “ All right, son; let’s get
back to the office. I’m going to have you write
me an advertisement—on the terms you said.
Our silk stocking department’s been falling
back lately. Let’s see if you can give it a
boost.”

  They walked back to the store together—
the earnest young man and the still beaming
old one by his side.

  “ Of course you know they wear silk
stockings,” said the latter once.

  “ Oh, yes.” said Chester. “ In fact—er—
I believe 1 know all the essential facts about
them.”

  “ That’s good ! ” said old John G. heartily.
K That’s fine ! Because in our business, you
ksow, we must understand the ladies, or we
wouldn’t be able to please them.11

  Arrived at the store, he led Chester to a
tall blonde, whose manner was that of a
gracious young duchess who was doing this
thing for a lark.

  “ Miss Dacher,” he said. “ this is Sir.
"Taylor, who is going to do some work for us.
Will you please show him our line of silk
Gtockmgs. And—er—give him any other
assistance he requires.”

n.

r4 DOZEN times Chester started his advertise-
ment for Gedding s—and as many
times he crumpled the paper and threw
it across the room.

  “No good—no good.” lie groaned to him
self. And finally, in something like despair,
“ What’s the matter with me to-dav f "

  For inspiration he turned to the successful
circulars which he had written in the past
and there he presently made a discovery
All his hull’s-eves had been scored on appeals
to men. Shoes, fishing-tackle, gloves, a
safety razor, a service station, shirts, income-
tax accounts, wireless—these had been his best
subjects.

  And although he hadn’t told this to Mr.
Gedding. since coming to London he had done
badly—once on a millinery announcement,
and the second time on a folder which he had
written, for a hair-dressing firm.

  He tried again—this time with a title:
“ A Woman Has An Awful Lot To Thank a
Silk-Worm For.”	:

  “ Toh! ” he muttered, tearing it up.
“That’s taken from my first title. Good
lord, have I come to the end of my rope
already ? ”

  Again he tried. “Silk, Satin, Muslin,
Rags.” “Silk Stockings, Nightingales, and
Roses.” “ Imagine the World Without
Them.” And “ Madam, Why Do You Wear
Silk Stockings ? ”

  “ Ah, that's it,” he told himself, frowning
at this last question. “ It 1 knew that, I
could write something that would pull ’em
into the shop. But do they wear em to draw
attention to their legs ? Or because they tee.
smooth'{ Or because ol the colours they can
get * Or because they’re the fashion ? Or—or
because they look rich ri Darn it! ” he added,
almost growing indignant. “ Why should a
woman want to' wear silk stockings any more
than a man wants to wear silk socks ? That’s
what I can t see.”

  It occurred to him vaguely that Miss
Dacher might be able to tell him—that tall
blonde who had taken such cool interest
in showing him the long tops and the re-
inforced band lor attaching the suspenders*
Suspenders. There again was something.
But instinctively he shied trom Miss Dacher.
She was entirely too decorative—too—too
obviously clever.

  Chester tried another title; “ It Makes No
ROMANCE FOR RENT

19

Difference Why You Wear Them and
although at long last he achieved two hundred
words, the result was vague—the reflection,
in truth, of his own vague thoughts upon the
subject.”

  “ Oh, well,” he told himself, with an
earnest young frown. “ I can’t spend the
rest of my life on this. Mr. Gedding may
like it. And if he doesn’t, I’ll try again;
that’s all.”

  He put on his hat and went to the office
of the public stenographers who did his type-
writing. It was a busy office, with a row of
cubicles along one side—staccato retreats
which, from the noise, might have been
incubators for young riveting hammers.
-Miss Kenvon generally did his work ; and her
door being open, he looked in. She gave him
a business-like nod and he took the chair by
her desk.

  “ Another circular,” he said. “ I’d better
wait while you copy it. Some of the changes
and corrections have been pretty well messed
around.”

  He watched her as she silently slipped a
new sheet of paper into her machine—an
intent young girl, and almost as serious as
himself. She read the first paragraph without
a change of expression, and then her finger-
tips started dancing over the keys.

  “ No foolishness about this one,” thought
Chester. “ I—I wonder if she knows anything
about dress—the kind of thing one gets at
Gedding’s, for instance ? ”

  Her outfit, he thought, looked smart enough.
The jumper was silk—“ or do they call them
blouses ? ” he uncertainly asked himself—
of a quiet design something like tapestry.
He wasn’t sure whether her skirt was blue
silk or serge; but there was no doubt about
her stockings. One of her feet was curved
around the leg of her chair, showing a shapely
shoe of black kid and a smoke-coloured silk
stocking.

  “ She doesn't think much of it,” he told
himself, watching her face for the next few
lines. “ When she wrote the circular about
the radio sets, she kept smiling and nodding.
But she's only frowning at this. I wonder
if I asked her. * Miss Kenyon, I wish you’d

tell me something: Why do girls wear silk
stockings ? ’ But no ; you’ve got to know a
girl before you can ask her questions like
that.”

  Which obviously pointed to danger—to one
of the two things which he had vowed to
avoid when he came to London.

  “ Unless it could be done on a business
basis.” He frowned to himself. “ I think
I’ve read somewhere that they have agencies
in London where you can engage a girl for
the evening—girls who talk well and dress
well—and everything, on a strictly business
basis. Now a girl like that might help at
times—on a circular like this, for instance.”

  The girl at the desk, he thought, was
frowning more then ever at the copy in front
of her.

  “ You don’t like it ? ” he suddenly asked.

  “ It doesn’t seem as interesting as your
last one,” she said. “ At least, it doesn’t
to me.”

  “ Well, never mind; don’t go on with it.”
he told her, coming to a quick decision. “ It
needs more work. Perhaps you can tell me
something. Do you know any agency in
London where 1 could engage a girl for the
evening ? ” He told her the type of girl he
wanted. “ Everything to be absolutely
business,” he concluded ; “ only I want a girl
who’s bright and knows how to talk.”

  They looked at each other, and for the first
time Chester noticed the length of her eye-
lashes and the cleft in her chin.

  “ Well-” She hesitated. “ I’m ncffc

exactly silent, and sometimes at home they
say I talk too much. But I wouldn’t mind
working overtime like that—on an absolutely
business basis, as,you say.”

   What terms would you suggest ? ” he
asked, his serious young look never more
earnest.

  “ Well——” She hesitated again. “ All
this is new to me. But an average evening
would be about—about three hours. So
suppose we say six-and-eiglitpence an hour—
or a pound for the evening.”

  Upon reflection, he accepted the legal rate;
and they also agreed upon that evening for
their first meeting.
20

%e MB8S8T WagazM

  “ For I’ve got to get that circular done—
and done right,” Chester told himself, as he
reached the street and looked at the hurrying,
hungry city around him. “ Because if I ever
lose my confidence in this mob. I might as
well pack my trunk and go back home.”

III.

They met in the lobby of the Hotel
Astoria by the side of the goldfish-
pond.

  “ Hallo,” said a gentle little voice in
Chester’s ear.

  He arose—just a bit awkwardly if the truth
be told—and at first he could hardly believe it.

  “ I wouldn’t have known you,” he said,
shaking hands as he had seen the other men
do. But not having heard them, he had to
speak on his own. “ This—this is a great
pleasure,” he said. “ This—this is de-
lightful.”

  And. indeed, she was giving him value for
his money. She was dressed in an evening-
frock of apple-green watered silk—one of
those tight bodices with a flaring skirt.
Her stockings and shoes were silver. And
over her shoulder was a Japanese shawl in
which cherry-blossoms fell from a tree.

  “ I hope you haven’t been waiting long
and aren't too hungry,” she smiled.

  “ Oh. yes,” he said, gratefully receiving
the hint. “ Er— have you any particular
place where you would like to sit ? ”

  She told him about the Rochambeau Roof,
where there was a good show and an even
better dinner. So they started for the
Rochambeau; and when they reached the
street, she said, “ How lucky ; here’s a taxi
waiting.” At that, Chester felt a premonition
of disaster; but the taxi fare was only a
shill mg, and a man can’t mourn long for
that.

  “ My brother’s seen the show here,” said
Miss Kenyon. “ He says it’s awfully good,
but you have to tip the waiter half-a-crown
if you want a good seat.”

  Again Chester felt a vague chill of warning ;
but when, in exchange for his half-crown,
they were led to a table marked “ Reserved ”
'-a table from which they had an unob-

structed view of the stage, the orchestra, and
the dancing floor—and when the waiter
brought a menu, and instead of beginning
“ Olives 2s. 6d, Celery 2s. 6d. ” it was headed
“ Special De Luxe Dinner, 4s. per plate.
No Convert Charge.” again the young man
from Northampton inwardly rejoiced, as one
who has been delivered from grave danger.

  The show was just beginning—dancing
girls and prancing girls—a girl with a book
who tunefully pretended to be taking Chester’s
telephone number, a girl with a violin and a
contralto voice, a comic juggler who finally
threw up his red rose and caught it in his
pants pocket, a trick mule which made love
to a party of middle-aged women and finally
climbed up on their table and sent one old
lady into hysterics, for reasons, perhaps, best
known to herself and the mule.

  “ Miss Kenyon.'5 said Chester, leaning over
the table. “ What is the general feminine
attitude toward life to-day ? ”

  “ How do you mean ? v she asked.

  “ Well, as you know, I’m doing that
circular for Gedding's. I hope to do other
work there. And I think it would help me if
I knew the general feminine attitude toward
life.”

  As you can probably see., this was vaguely
leading to the more specific question : “ Why
do girls wear silk stockings ? ” But when
Chester came to the end of his remarks, he
found he was as far from the stockmgs a3
ever.

  “ I’m not sure yet that I understand ” said
she, “ but if I know what you mean by
‘ feminine attitude,’ I can tell you mine in
three words. Anything but love! ”

  “ Anything but love,” lie repeated, staring
at her.

  “ Yes,” she said. “ I don’t know whether
I’m modern or not; but if that’s being modern,
I am. Love ! ” she scoffed. “ It’s a trap—
a biological trap, Schermerhorn calls it. It’s
baited with moonlight, and flowers, and
spring, and other miscellaneous idiocies of a
sentimental nature, and if a girl is lool
enough to tall for the bait, she’s a prisoner
the rest of her life Playdon, though, doesn’t
call it a trap. He calls it a fever. You catch
ROMANCE FOR RENT	21

The mule made love to a party of middle-aged women, and sent one
into hysterics, for reasons perhaps best known to herself and the mule*
%e MjQSST Magazine

it like you catch any other illness. Only
when you’re delirious with scarlet fever, or
typhoid, they watch you and take care of
you. They don’t let you sign an agreement
giving away your life—your freedom. But
when you have the love fever, that’s just
what you do; and when you get better—
where are you ? ”

  “ In the soup,” said Chester fervently.
“ Miss Kenyon, I’m awfully pleased I’ve met
you. Of course, I haven’t considered the
question so much from the girl’s point of
view. But you’ve no idea how love plays the
dickens with a man—a man. I mean, who
wants to get on in the world. It throttles
him. strangles him, takes his time, takes his
money, ties him hand and foot. Not for me !
And it isn't as if the girls were worth it.
They aren't. With a few unimportant little
differences, they’re all the same—millions and
millions of them, like—like germ? in a test-
tube. And why any sane man should de-
liberately pick out one of these germs, and—
and inoculate himself with it, and—and go
crazy—well., that’s one of the mysteries of
life that I’ve never been able to solve.”

  “ No.” said the germ across the table—
rather shortly, if the truth be told. “ Neither
you nor anyone else. I can understand, of
course, that once upon a time there was
nothing else for a girl to do But now there
are so many opportunities for women. Look
at Miss Gluck, for instance. She owns the
place where I work. She has a chain of type-
writing offices all through the business dis-
trict, and makes four thousand a year—oh,
easily ' And look at Miss Tvser. with her tea-
rooms ; and Mrs. Masters (only she’s a. widow),
with her shops for women ; and Miss Condon,
with her sweet shops, and Mrs Shotton (a
widowagain',f he best- known interior decorator
in London. And that’s another reason 1 told
you Anything but love.' As soon as I have
a little more money saved, f’m going to start
in business for myselt i m nor. going to spend
my life darning socks and peeling potatoes
for a man who would probabiy be a darned
sight better off ;t he had never met me !

  The excitement of the argument had brought
new colour to her cheeks, an added bright-

ness to her eyes; and it didn’t occur to
Chester til! later that this would have been
a good time for him to have said, “ Miss
Kenyon, I wish you'd tell me something.
Why do girls wear silk stockings ? ” Instead,
he was thinking, “ I couldn't have picked a
better girl, either for looks or sense.”

  The show had come to an end. and the
orchestra was playing a 1'ox trot called “ An
Old-Fashioned Sleigh Ride For Me.” The
floor was darkened and snowflakes seemed to
be flying through the air.

  £: Do you dance ? ” Miss Kenyon asked,
as impersonally as she might have asked,
“ Do you like milk ? ”

  “ A little,” said Chester, “ but I’m not good
at it.”

  “ Neither am I,” she told him. “ But it’s
good exercise, and after sitting in an office all
day- -”

  “ Shall we try it ? ” he asked, seeing that
she paused.

  Fortunately the orchestra wasn’t playing
too fast; and, after all, you don’t have to
do much else but walk in a fox-trot.

  “ I thought you said you weren't good at
it,” said Miss Kenyon presently, looking up
at him.

  Which didn’t exactly make Chester hate
her.

  “ Now what shall we do ? ” he asked,
after they had returned to their table for
dessert. “ Shall we go to a show ? Or shall
we stay here for an hour or so and talk, and—
and exercise ? ”

  ‘ Have you tickets for a show ? ” she
asked.

  “ Not yet ”

  “ Then I think we’d better stay here.” 3he
said marvelling at his inexperience " The
orchestra’s good, and 1 ve been sitting in the
office so much lately.”

  As a matter of fac^ thev stayed till ten
o’clock. and before thev ieft Chester had
mastered a fancy little jig step at the corners
—a fancy Little jig step which seemed to add
considerably to the beneficial effects ol the
exercise.

  “ Now, if you like.” she said, as they ieft
the building, you can put me in a taxi,
ROMANCE FOR RENT

23

 and then you’ll be free for the rest of the
 evening.”

 “ No,” said Chester. “ I’m going to take
 you home. And besides,” he naively added,
 “ I’ve nothing else to do for the rest of the
 evening.”

 So they got in a taxi, she in her little corner
 and he in his, and on their way, breaking a
 rather awkward silence, he said :

 “ I wish you’d tell me something.”

 “ Yes % ” she murmured encouragingly
 enough.

 “ You know I’m writing that folder for
 Geddings.” Even then he couldn’t quite get
 the question out, so he compromised. “ Is
 there—is there any difference in silk stock-
 ings ? ” he asked.

    I’ll say there’s a difference! ” she ex-
 claimed. t: A silk worm would be surprised
 at some of the things which pass for silk
 stockings. Skimpy, sleazy things—you’d
 wonder they hold together as long as they
 do. Why, there’s a shop-”

 For the next ten blocks she told him some
 of the tricks which her shopping experience
 had taught her, and had hardly finished when
 the taxi stopped at a good-looking block of
 flats in the south-west.

    t: Well, night-night,” she said. ** Please
 don’t get out.”

    “ Just a. moment,” said Chester.

    From his inside pocket he drew an envelope
 which had obviously been prepared and
 placed there in advance.

    “ What’s this % ” she asked.

    “ Your fee,” he told her.

    “ My fee ? ”

    “ YTour pound.”

    She almost ran across the sidewalk with
 it; and paying off the taxi as well, Chester
 walked thoughtfully down-town to his board-
 ing-house.

    “ * A Silk Worm Would Be Surprised, ”
 he muttered once. “ There’s my title, all
 right! ”

IV.

 Old John Gedding seemed to like the title,
 too, sitting at his desk on the mezza-
 nine floor, in the centre of the web
 which had been his life’s spinning.

 “ Not so bad,” he said, after he had read
 the copy. And with a shrewd bristling of his
 rusty brows: “ I suppose Miss Dacher helped

 you ? ”

 “ No,” said Chester. “ Er—another young
 lady.”

 “ Ah ? ” said old John. “ So soon ? ”

 “ Oh, this was strictly business,” Chester
 hurriedly told him. “ A young lady—a
 young lady I hired for the evening.”

 He felt himself perspiring a little.

 “ Nothing like playing for safety,” solemnly
 agreed the older man. “ All right; we’ll
 print a thousand of these and see what
 happens. Personally, I hope you get your
 fifteen pounds. And now, if you’d like to

 try another circular, on the same terms-”

 “ Yes, sir,” said Chester in his best earnest
 manner.

 “ We’ve just received a shipment of French
 needlework—little intimate things, you know,
 that women wear.”

 Again Chester felt himself perspiring.

 “ I’m afraid, sir,” he said, “ that—that I’m
 hardly specialised enough in a line like that.”
 “ But couldn’t you study it—the same as
 you did this other subject \ ”

 “ I—I’m afraid not, sir. Not a line like
 that,”

 Old John said something which sounded like
 “ Sssrrrumph ! ” and loudly blew his nose.

 “ Well, let’s see,” he continued, considering.
 “ Have you any—have you any objections
 to millinery % ”

 Chester also considered. As you may
 Temember, he had tried one millinery folder,
 with unfortunate results. But perhaps,

 with the help of Miss Kenyon-

 “ No, sir,” he said. “ I’ve no objection to
 millinery.”

 “ All right. Third floor. Ask for Miss
 Mooney, and I’ll ’phone her you’re coming.
 Tell her you want to see the new Paris model
 that just came in, and write about that.”

 The new model was simplicity itself—
 hardly more than an old-fashioned tam-o’*
 shanter without flare or button.

 “ I wonder if you’d mind if I borrowed

[Continued on wage 89.)
24

Fame via the tradesmens entrance*

A. C. M. HUNTER

My young American press-agent friend
lit a cigar, and challenged me to argue,
through his horn-rimmed glasses.

“ All this punk,” he said, “ about movie
stars fightin’ their way up sure gets my goat.
It ain’t work as does it! Nossir! It’s fellows
’ike myself. Publicity—see ? ”

 “ Oh, surely not in every ease ? ” .1 demurred
 timidly

“ Yessir! Ever}' darned one! ”

64 But what about the really talented
artists ? Look at Mamie Vanlotta, for
•nstance.”

“ Yeah ! disgustedly. “ Just look at
her! Guess you won’t find no moths parking
thereabouts, kiddo S ”

“ You mean--”

“ Suah! If it hadn’t been for one of the
cutest publicity stunts ever put over, li'l Mamie
Vanlotta wouldn’t never have got nowhere.”

  “ You don’t say so ? Were yon her agent ? '5
  He shook his head sadly.

  “ Nope. Oughter have been. Wa3 a bit
sweet on li’l ol’ Mamie, an’—but d’you meantei
say you ain’t never heard about it ? ”

  “ Nope! I mean no ! I always thought-55

  “ Waa!, you’ve got another think cornin’,
sonny. I’m just gonna spill such a bibful oi
disillusionment over you, that you’ll think
you’ve been out in the wet for a week.

  “ In the first place, Mamie ain’t no Italian
count’s disinherited daughter, like what she
makes out. All the Italian she can say is
‘ Macaroni/ an’ she didn’t have to go to
Naples to learn that, neither.

  “ Nossir! Vanlotta’s downright small towr
Texas, all the way through.

  “ Mamie always had a hunch that she’d be
famous one day. Readin’movie papers and what
not. By the time she was twenty, tame waa

   Illustrated by

LESLIE BUTLER
TOE FICKLE GODDESS

"25

fbe one tiling; Mamie wanted nothing else but.

  “ She therefore slid clown the li’l ol’
drnin-pipe and let out for Noo York. The
size of that burg sorta knocked her dizzy
for a day or two, but after a breather she went
round all the big theatre and Idnema guvs,
asking them to give her a chance. They all
pointed at the doorway to Fame, an’ told her
to shut it quietly as she went out.

  “ Mamie wasn't goin’ to be pushed off the
map like that, though.

  “ She got started at a third-rate eating
joint, dingin’ hash
an’ clam chowder—an'
macaroni. This, she ’
felt sure, was how you
started climbin’ the
ladder of fame.

  “ Most of 'em are
like that at first. They
don’t realise that there
ain't enough time in
one life to climb that
ladder.

“ Nossir! There ain’t!

  “ You gotta fly up,
else the roof garden’ll
sure be all crowded
out before you arrive.

  “ Anyway, ol’ Mamie
cut oft' her hair an’
most of her skirt, and
generally made herself
a good proposition to
look at. Then she
waited for bites, which
there wasn’t any.

“ I met her and got
rather musty just then.

She said she’d marry
me if I’d full ol! some
publicity to get her into
the movies.

  “ Waal, anyway, after
a whole winter’s work
Mamie counted up what
cash she’d saved and
asked herself whether
it was worth all the
bother ?

  ‘■'Havin’ replied in the negative that it
wasn’t, she decided to spend it all on a last
fling at the movies. Never told me a word
about it, neither, though I found out after-
wards, when she landed me with the frozen
mitt an’ ‘ Good-bye for ever! ’

  “ Pier big idea was to get some really snappy
photos took, and send them to the Big Guns
personally.

  “ Didn’t do it half, neither.
c: Nossir! I’ll tell the world she didn't I
“ Ten dollars each they cost her, besides a
bad cold through sittin’on
a high studio stool with
little 011 but a piece
of ribbon here and there.

“ She kinda reckoned
that when the Hollywood
crowd saw her figure,
etc., they’d be after
her like a mosquito
after a tenderfoot in
the tropics. Noo
York had taught
her that much,
anyway.

  “ Waa!, she went
out to the studio to
collect her photos one
dark night, an’ as it
was well outa the real
biz of the City, and she
had a hundred dollars in
her bag, Mamie was just
a bit scared.

“ Everything went all
right, though, an’ the
photos sure pleased her
down to the ground.
The young feller what
gave ’em to her was so
taken up with them that
she had to ask him twice
to hand ’em over. When
he tried to get fresh,
Mamie just shoved the
hundred dollars at hirw,
an’ walked out as
though he was an
unpleasant small.

Sitting on a high stool, with little on but
a piece of ribbon here and there.
26

%e	Magazim

 “ Poor li’l Mamie was hurryin’ clown the
 street like anything when, all of a sudden, two
 men came rushin’ out of a house just beside
 her.

 “ They stopped on the side-walk an’ faced
 one another.

 “ Next thing Mamie knew was a couple of
 hangs, an’ the two guys lyin’ shot, almost at
 her feet.

 “ She nearly threw a faint to make it a
 trio, only the big idea hit her first.

 “ There was nobody in sight yet. Revolver
 shots ain’t so imcommon as all that in Noo
 York.

 “ Out came her waitress’s pencil, an5 two
 of the photos.

    “ On one she scribbled : ‘ Your Mamie/ and
 on the other, * Your little Sweetie.’

 “ Then she dropped ’em careless-like,
 around the tragedy, and ran for it along a
 dark avenue, before the first cop arrived.

    Next mornin’ they traced her, an’ all the

 kinema an’ theatre nabobs was fightin’ like
 wild cats round her door, Mamie Vanlotta
 was made.”

 He threw away his cigar and sighed wearily.

“ But how-”

 “ Oh, you poor boob ! Can’t you get it ?
 Why, every mornin’ paper in Noo York had
 ferreted her out and was breakin’ its neck
 to give her millions of dollars worth of free
 publicity. Big head-line stuff:

‘FATAL DUEL!

‘ TWO STRINGS TO HER BOW! ’

 “ That sort of punk!

 “ They all printed copies of the very daring
 photos found beside the duel.

 “ Why, goshdarn my sister’s socks, it was
 the smartest bit of publicity ever put over
 anywhere.

“ And ” mournfully —££ I never even
thought about the dodge.”

TIIE END.

11 Hallo, old chap—not

changed? Never mind, you can change in the car on the way
         down to the field"
J	By EDWARD TAYLOR	f

t	X

( .• + ;+|+4.H+«+fr+m+»+m++**+m*ihftf++m+++H-t+m+*+m+->>>+>+H>'f'+++++++++rt

When the tall, thin man in the grey
suit, sitting reading in the opposite
seat, made his third expressive arunt,
I lowered my paper and raised my eyes.

  “ I see you are reading John Tappleton’s
£ Flames of Desire,’ ” I ventured. “ How
do you like it ? ”

  The book descended a little, revealing a
sharp hatchet lace, wearing large horn rims,
and surmounted by a thick, greying head of
hair brushed back from the foreheid. The
man looked intently at me tor a moment.

  “ Have vou read it ? ” he asked, at length,
in a deep grating voice.

  <f I have," I answered readily.

  He thrust his head forward, fairly boring
me with his deep set eyes.

  “ And how do you like it ?5> he queried
sharply.

  I laughed a little nervously at his abrupt
manner.

  “ Oh ! I think it’s not at all bad—in fact
it’s jolly good.'1 I said.

  He gazed at me long and intensely, his
lips set in a thin, hard tine. Then be eaned
forward, and prodded at my knee with a
bony forefinger
“ You do, do you ? You think that,” he
growled. 11 Well let me tell you young man.
that I think your taste in literature and hction
is atrocious, and about on a par with John
Tappleton’s ideas ol writing it. For sheer
unmitigated balderdash, John Tappleton’s
‘ Flame? of Desire,' to use a vulgarism, takes
the cake, the biscuit, and the whole dashed
bakery.' ”

  I gaped at him m astonishment.

  “ Of all the silly, sloshy muck that has ever
been foisted on an innocent, unsuspecting
and long-suffering public, 4 Flames of Desire :
stands supreme. It is absolute tripe—and

rotten tripe at that. John Tappleton;s
ability at writing is about equal to a British
heavy-weight’s at boxing. ‘ Flames of
Desire :! Bah ! The man who wrote it
ought to be in the 1 Flames of Hades.’ His
English would disgrace a schoolboy; his
love episodes would bring tears to the eyes
of a snake; his adventurous passages would
bore a brick wall. Grrrr 1 I tell you frankly
sir. I haven't words to express myself when
I think of John Tappleton and his * Flames of
Desire.’ It amounts almost to criminality
to sell such stuff: and if there is a bigger
fool, idiot, and nincompoop alive to-day than
John Tappleton it is his publisher, and a
bookseller who can offer his work for sale
to a deluded set of mugs who are unfortu-
nate enough to buy it. ought to be in gaol.”

  He got to his feet as the train pulled up,
slipping the book into his pocket.

  ‘ But—still—you evidently find the volume
good enough to keep,” I managed to blurt out.

  He turned his head, his fingers on the
door-handle, and glared at me, causing me to
shrink nervously into the corner.

  “ And why am I keeping it ? ” he snapped.
“ Because, having m a weak moment, and
when I was mtoo big a hurry to make a careful
selection, paid two good shillings for—this ”
—he tapped his pocket with the tips oi his
distended fingers as if it contained something
horribly loathsome—“ which is not worth as
many halfpence, I intend, at least to jet some
value out ot it. I shall take it home, and
use it, leaf by leaf, to make spills with which
to light my pipe.”

  He got out. and I followed him on to the
platform, and stumbled towards the exit
feeling stunned and dazed my mind a chaotic
whirl of distracting emotions.

  l'l am John Tappleton l ”
28

   f4K®if Magazine

THE'

Films and
as seen by

of the Month
and G.M.B.

  In my young
  days,” said

  the pro-
ducer, as he
waved the bath-
ing beauties into
line before the
camera, “ it wuz
the boys we used
ter call strip-
lings.” And then
the chief electri-
cian pulled the
old one about
Mr. Sennett's
young ladies be-
ing like New
York City be-
cause they were
built with out
skirts, so the
producer stunned
h i m with h i s
megaphone. And
the great relent-
less cameras
started their
mighty song and

the beauty-canning factory went on. ever on,
with its work.

  Such is life in the great West—such is a
slice of the said life cut from the tenderest
portion of Hollywood and served up hot
to the thunderous, ravening, printing presses
that eat the intellects of strong men and fling
the mangled results to a palpitating public.
(Exclusive. Music rights reserved.) It was
after seeing “ The President,” featuring the
inimitable and unpronounceable Mr. Mos-
iukine, that we sort of came over all virile

Ivan Mosjukine, “ The President

and impassioned
—as above. We
took Mel with
us, and he was
quite swep’
away, too—so
much so that he
afterwards hailed,
a taxi in War-
dour Street with
a gesture that
had in it nil the
magnificence of
Benito Mussolini
opening a paper-
hanger’s exhibi-
tion with the
First Slap.

  So y o u w i 11
readily under-
stand that “ The
President ” is a
strong rousing
piece of work-
and not a tarne-
c a t drawing-
room drama.

As a matter of
fact, in our humble opinion, it is the very
best thing that the good Ivan has done yet.
Certainly there is none of the glitter and
magnificence of “ The Prince of Adventurers ”
and “ Michael SfrrogofF,” the two successes
that made his film name.

  In place of this there is an unexpected,
almost fantastic streak of humour running
through it that links up the more dramatic
sequences, and thereby throws them into
sharp relief. And it is in this humour that
Ivan shows himself to be an actor—with a big
THE MERRY-GO-ROUND

29

“ Ay Almost any other star would have lost
the onlooker’s sympathy as a serious character
in the later parts of the show by reason of
the almost slap stick comedy at the beginning.
The story traces the rise of a lazv, care-free
South American tramp to the proud position
of President of his special little Republic.
It is a story of amus-
ing improbabilities
that Ivan by his queer
genius has made con-
vincing and real. It is
the story of mighty
crowds, of election
fevers, of frenzied
oratory—and, inevit-
ably, of love. Chico
Torro, the , tattered
wanderer, loves the
Countess Valdez from
afar. And. of course,
in the end he marries
her. Well, as has
been said, Ivan holds
the whole thing to-
gether and absurdity
fades like frost before
the sunshine of his
talent. The thing
goes, and if you
take our advice
you’ll go, too: and
see the film when it
comes your way,
which will be some
time this month,

  Mr. Mosjukine, by
the way, was born—
you guessed dead
right1 — in Russia,
at Penza, 26/9/’89 to
be exact. He took
up Law first of all,
but a magistrate got
a ricked tonsil in trying
to call him by his
surname, so Ivan went
on the fillums. So
we’ve heard, anyway.

By stages he wended

Mabel Poulton

his way to Hollywood, and we’re sorry about
the pun. His first film was “ Surrender,” and
now he has signed a contract with the great. Ufa
company to make pictures in Germany. What’s
more, we wish him luck, for :twould be a far,
far better thing i'or the screen if there were
more people like Ivan the Magnificent to cast
their shadows before
the world.

  •	• •

It was in 1927 that
the Alhambra Theatre,
London, suffered a
great loss. A little
fair-haired, blue-eyed
typist had been work-
ing there happily
enough until the big
Griffith film “ Broken
Blossoms” was
booked, and a stage
prologue arranged.
Someone was wanted
to “double” for
Lillian Gish in the
show, and the little
typist was chosen for
the job. But (and here
the plot thickens)
George Pearson was
there, and George
Pearson stared at the
stage and emitted the
word “Gosh!” Now
when you get a cmema
magnate looking at a
beautiful girl and
emitting guttural
no.’ses, you can bet
your uttermost
farthing that pretty
soon fair fingers
will be guiding a pen
along the dotted line,
and pretty eyes will
b e surrounded b y
bright green grease-
paint and directed
full at an expensive
lens. And thereafter
30

%e

the cinema magnate will smile benignly and
offer his bank-manager a cigar.

  Which is how it all happened. The little
typist was offered a part in the Pearson
film “ Nothing Ever Matters,” featuring
Betty Balfour. Then she was roped into
“ The Glad Eye.” and subsequently starred
as “ Tessa ” in Margaret Kennedy’s uncannily
beautiful “ Constant Nymph.” So
the Alhambra lost the prettiest
typist it had ever had, and the
British film industry gained a
beautiful actress. Whereat the
B.F.I. above-mentioned, waved its
hands palm upwards and lustily
lisped three cheers for George
Pearson, Esq.

  You see, the typist was Mabel
Poulton.

  In the words of Omar
Khayyam—or was it
Winston? —“ She’s
the fondest girl we’re
of.” Apart from her
quaint beauty, she has
a whimsical sweetness
of expression that sets
her far removed from
the wax-doll stiffness
of many a famous
Hollywood beauty.

In the “Constant
Nymph ” this was so
apparent that she
made the film charac-
ter of “ Tessa ” every
bit as much an
artistic achievement
as Edna Best’s inter-
pretation of the part
on the stage. There
was a haunting sweet-
ness, a rare beauty,
and a highly imagina-
tive quality about her performance that
one does not often find in these days of
inegaphone-made talent. And now she is set
to play the part of a fluffy, flighty “ vamp.”
Well, well—in justice it must be said that
parts like “ Tessa ” don’t happen along every

Dolores
Costello.

Magazine

day of the week, and films have Just got
to be made. Else what will pay for the
director’s cavaire and coronas ? The film, too,
in which Mabel vamps her sprightly way is
excellent of its type—but, oh dear!

  Our exquisite “ Tessa ” in a hilarious
jumping-cracker comedy1 The child of a
Tyrolese mountain day-dream brought down
to earth as a comedienne ! So
much for the poetic corner of
our mind which we now re-
move, place on the floor, and
jump upon with both feet.
All the same, it’s a funny thing
. but we’ve laughed ourselves
if almost as much in love with
.S Mabel, the “ vamp ” of
“ Virginia’s Husband,” as with
the adored “ Tessa ”—which
is both a tribute to
Mabel and the film
itself. You see, she
just can’t help being
the sweetest thing that
ever happened i n
whatever part she
plays.

    “ Virginia’s Hus-
band ” was adapted
from Mrs. Kilpat-
rick’s highly success-
ful stageplay. It
concerns a young
and beautiful man-
hater who has to
pretend to be mar-
ried in order to keep
the allowance made
her 011 certain condi-
tions by her aunt—
amusingly played by
Marie Ault. And
naturally enough uproarious
comedy follows, finishing with
Virginia and her temporary
husband deciding to make a
reality of their pretence. All
of which is brought about by
the machinations of the
pretty little “ vamp.”
THE MERRY-GO-ROUND

3f

  Pat All erne awl
.Lilian Oldfand keep
the fun going as
the ‘‘husband5
and “ wife ” and
Ena Grossinith as
a little parlour-
maid walks away
with a good share
of the laughs—
which are many.

  The direction by
Earry Hughes ior
Archibald Nettle-
fold is up to the
best British stand-
ards, and there is a
sequence in a mght-
club which is
unusually original.

“ The Cafe Chnk ”
is designed with
pseudo stone walls, and barred windows. The
waiters wear regulation kmckerbocker suits,
decorated with broad arrows and the menu
ranges from “ Horrid d’ceuvres ” and “ Thick
or dear skilly ” 'to “ Peach Portland ” and
“ Cafe Nark.” As a chief warder the maitre
d’hotel parades the establishment wearing a
benign expression not usually connected
with his part.

  Quite good fun indeed, and well worth
seeing. Ii this sort of thing goes on, the
hosiery of the American Industry will be in
need of a hitch.

•	•	o	«	®

  New York, the giant of American cities,
has probably suffered more from growing
pains than any of the other lusty children of
the federation—growing pains brought on
by gunmen, police “ graft,’: and a shifting
population comprising every undesirable alien
trom Chinee to Croat.

  Oid timers, indeed, can remember the days
when the 19th police precinct—the district
west ol Fiith Avenue and below 34th Street—
was mostly composed of dancing and gambling
halls so notorious that it is difficult in these
more ordered times to believe they existed
as they did. That was until Captain Alexan-

der Williams took
charge of “ Tho

19th.” to get busy
and clean things
up. and ho know
that in doing eo i-g
veritably took ids
life in his hands.

   Well, captciiE,55
said one of tbs
department, having
visions of furtive
gunmen shooting
from dark door-
ways—“ well, sir,
t guess yoivvo gol)
one very nice berth
in this job.”

   “ That’s so. ’’re-
turned Williams,
with a grin. “ I
sure have the Ten-
derloin.” And the
colloquialism that
he used formed the
christening oi that
special district of
New York. For
“ Tenderloin it
thereafter became,
and “ Tenderloin ”
it is to-day.

  So now you’ll
know just what its
all about when you
go along to see
Doiores Costello’s
crook-drama of
that name which
is in generai release this month.

  The film centres round the undercurrent
of warring gangsters that incessantly flows
beneath the effervescence and sparkle oi
“ Tenderiom s " cabarets and night ciubs.
Dolores the lovely as Rose Shannon ol Kelly’s
cafe gets one oi the finest emotional parts
she has had yet. She is in love with an
apparently honest youth who is really
one of a gang oi the choicest piug-ughes
who ever yegged a sate.
%e mEEWf Magazine

  Through her love for the boy she gets
involved with the gang herself, whereupon
the cops gather round and talk to poor plucky
little Rose, the dancer, in such a mariner that
you want to jump up and “ set about ” the lot.

   This, as a matter of fact, is the keynote of
the whole thing—Reality. The crook stuff,
the backstage business in the cabaret and the
“ third degree ” inquisition by the police, are
so well done as to make even the most blase
of audiences sit up and take notice. And as
for Dolores—what adjectives can one gather
together to do her justice ? Sweet, lovely,
appealing, graceful ; take all the nice ones
you know and arrange them as you will. %

   The task of putting the charm of Dolores
on paper is beyond us, anyway. All of
which is not surprising when one looks at
her family history. She is the daughter of
Maurice Costello, who was one of the first
.and handsomest stars way back in the old
days when Charlie Chaplin was an unknown
extra. She was born in 1905, at Pittsburgh,
and her golden hair and glorious blue eyes
soon got her into pictures, amongst which

   Old Sanfrancisco ” and “ Glorious Betsy ”
were her best.

, c: Brass Knuckles ” is a good show, if a
trifle sentimental; but whatever its merits
or faults it is worthy of honourable mention
because of its hero and heroine. Monty
Blue and Betty Bronson are two of the most
interesting folk in filmland, each with a
record of having done some of the best work
that the screen has ever seen.

  Monty, you will remember, wa3 the young
doctor in Sinclair Lewis’s brilliant “ Main
Street,” and Betty achieved immortality as
“ Peter Pan.” Each, of course, has played
in many other pictures, although Betty was
rather lost sight of for a while because it was
decided that she had “ It,” and she was cast
in rather daring parts, which she refused to
perform. Whereupon, we are told, she in-
curred the wrath of high Moviedom,' which
hit back by leaving Betty severely alone.

  However, the public wouldn’t do as nice
obedient publics should, and forget all about
her when told to, and they rose upon their

hind legs and squealed for her return. So
high Moviedom had to masticate a generous
chunk of humble pie and send Betty a studio
call—which is a fine tribute to Betty and the
public at the same time.

  In 1! Brass Knuckles ” Betty has a part
with which she does wonders all things con-
sidered. It is another crook show about
reforming gaol-birds and paternal love and
mighty fists, and Monty and Betty carry the
whole thing along with their usual con-
summate skill. Indeed, it is a show worth
seeing, but we are still waiting for somebody
to write a scenario that will give these two a
chance to show the real depths of unusual and
imaginative talent that they possess.

•	• * • •

Films worth looking out for this month:

  “ The Red Dancer of Moscow ” (Fox). A
big evening for Dolores Del Rio fans—and
a good sound, all-round show.

  Quality Street (J.M.G.). Marion Davies in
Sir James Barrie’s masterpiece. Don’t miss it.

  “ Wings " (F.L.). Clara Bow, Charles
Rogers, and Richard Arlen in the finest flying
film ever produced. Astounding and brilliant
camera work. The show of the month.

 “Mr. Wu” (J.M.G.). Lon Chaney and
Renee Adoree in the film version of the
famous Chinese stage play.

 “ Moulin Rouge ” (Wardour). Olga
Tschechowa in Montmartre drama.

  “ Anybody Here Seen Kelly ” (European).
Excellent work by Tom Moore and Bessie
Love. ,

  “ The Big Killing ” (F.L.). Wally Beery
and Raymond Hatton in further top-notch
team work. Don’t go if you hate laughing.

  “ A South Sea Bubble ” (W. and F.). Ivor
Novello in a British film for which he grew a
moustache. Steady girls! Don’t give way.

  “Freedom of the Press’* (European).
Lewis Stone—who is doing great things these
days—in a rip-roaring newspaper story.
Good Stuff.

  “ The Latest from Paris ” (J.M.G.). Norma
Shearer—and need we say more ? So long as
Norma’s sweetness decorates a fillum, what
does the fillum matter ? Still this is a good ’un.

THE END.
But a little story of May and December for all that

33

 By STEPHEN PROCTER

There was nothing peculiar, after all, in
Simon Percival’s refusal at the age of
forty-three to look upon himself as
middle-aged. That sinister milestone is like
the House in Alice-through-the-Looking-Glass
—the nearer you get to it, the further away
it seems And anyway, whether because he
had remained single, or because he had always
been able to do himself rather well, or because
his sister Winifred (herself unmarried) made

Illustrated by E, HUBBARD

such an excellent housekeeper, the years had
dealt lightly enough with him, and his heart
could still respond to the annual call of
Spring.

  There were times indeed when lie felt that
comfort, the menu, and his forty winks were
the only things that made life worth living;
but there were also times when moonlight
meant more than a Martini, when his skin
rejoiced at the tingle of March winds, and his
34

%e mm Magazine

eye lit lip at the sight of a pretty girl. A
dangerous age, it will be granted,. especially
eince there were still times when pretty girls
looked at him very much as they had done in
the days gone by !

  To-night, for instance. Dining with the
Mamwaringa, he had found himself next to
pretty little Rhoda Mansell, who was staying
with his hostess. He scarcely knew her
again: she had shot up in a day from a school-
girl to a young woman, and it seemed that
her taste in men had improved as well!

  That young spark Archie Mainwaring,
sitting on her other side, had been left alto-
gether out in the cold, for all his sheep’s eyes !
Evidently Rhoda liked intelligent conversa-
tion with a man of sense and ripe experience
better than the babblings of a callow boy.

  “ Tell me,” 3he said, “ —you seem to know
everything! ”

  “ Well—hardly! ” he laughed, realising he
was being buttered, but enjoying it the more
for the bitter sneer that curled young Archie's
lips.

  “ It’s so interesting to meet a real man-of-
the-world sometimes ! ” she murmured as she
rose at the end of the meal.

  Afterwards somehow he found himself sit-
ting by her side once more on the drawing-
room couch, looking over an album of holiday
snapshots. Some of the snaps were rather
small, requiring close scrutiny. The scent of
her hair was like the subtle odours of awaken-
ing Spring.

  Suddenly something inside him burst into
flame. A touch of her little finger against
Lis own, a quick side-long and upward glance
of her big brown eyes—and all at once her
hair, golden as sunlit corn, her soft sweet
eyes, her flowing slender shape became for
him the most intoxicating thing on earth !

  He did not think he had it in him! The
years dropped away like melting snow, the
blood coursed through his veins like sparkling
champagne, he squeezed the girl’s hand at
parting as he had not squeezed for fifteen
years. Rhoda Mansell, child though she was,
had taken his heart by storm, and it was an
uncommonly pleasant sensation 1

  There was something a little maternal in

his sister’s smile as she watched him, the
smile of the Eternal Woman indulging the
Eternal Boy. Winnie was a good sort. They
could not have lived together all these years
if she had been the critical, interfering type
of sister.

  “ You seemed in good spirits to-night,
Simon! ” she observed 011 the way home.

  “ Frisky as a two-year-old ! ” he laughed
joyously.

  t; Then you’re glad you came, after all ? ”
It had taken some persuasion to draw him
from the warm fireside of home, with its
comfortable arm-chair so exactly moulded to
his shape, its smoker’s table, and the new
novel from Mudie’s.

  “ Rather! ” was the boyish reply, as he
tapped a cigarette to hide the dancing of his
eyes.

  “ Ehoda’s improved in looks,” observed
Winifred. “ From what I remember of her
at school. Of course, she was only in the
kindergarten when I left.”

  “ Really 1 ” said Simon, lighting his cigar-
ette. “ By the way, I’ve promised to take
her to the Point-to-Point to-morrow—the
Minnel Hunt, y’know. She’s never seen one.
Care to come along ? ”

  Winifred shook her head.

  “ Not in my line, I'm afraid,” she laughed.

“ And, anyway, I’ve some people coming to
tea. Shall you be back for dinner ? ”

  “ Oh, yes,” he said hastily. “ Yes; back
for dinner! ”

  “ Then you’d better bring Rhoda with
you. I should like a chat with her about the
old school.”

  She was a topping sister, was Winifred!
No one like her for tact! Since she had
come to look after him years ago, all had been
peace and joy—the cooking sublime, every-
thing about the house always tip-top! A
fine woman, too, decorative in her wav, with
a flair for dress which always made him proud
to be seen about with her. And brainy, by
Jove, when a man wanted a bit of sound
advice, or a good stimulating talk about the
things that matter.

  “ Thanks, old girl, I will 1 ” h<? saidj
heartily.
A PECK OF MARCH DUST

33

  The morrow turned out to be just such
a clear crisp day as the Minnel Hunt could
have desired, with a fresh wind blowing and
a cold sun glittering above. A man could
do without his afternoon nap on a day like
this, especially when one had a date with
a girl like Rhoda! He had not been so
excited about anything for ages!

  The years had dropped from him in the
most wonderful way since last night. He was
amazed at the thrill that ran through him
as he stopped his two-seater outside the
Mainwarings’ gate, gave a couple of hoots on
his horn, and saw the girl herself waving from
the window.

  Young Archie preceded her down the steps,
held open the gate, and attempted to help
her into the car. But she had eyes only for
Simon. It was obvious that there had been
no mistake about the rapprochement of yester-
day : the melody was to continue from where
it had left off.

  “ What a lovely little car! ” she exclaimed
at once, pausing to admire before jumping in,
“ Is she fast ? ”

  “ I’ve never got more than sixty out of
her,” confessed the proud owner.

  “ Goodness! I should hope not!” she
gasped.

  “ Rats! ” growled Archie. t: You've done
more than that on my pillion, without turning
a hair 1 ”

  But nobody seemed to hear him.

  “ Jump in ! ” said Simon.

  So she nestled at his side, this radiant
vision in brown furs and the most fascinating
of scarlet hats, and off they went.

  Simon had been a little nervous as to his
powers of entertaining so bright and youthful
a companion, when it came to the point.
But it was easy as pie! The girl was a veri-
table inspiration. Without effort on his
part, the prettiest little gossamer compliments
and shafts of badinage bubbled from his
lips!

  He had never been much of a hand at this
light &nd airv trifling, but now his tongue
was miraculously loosed. Some of the things
he found himself saying were so good that he
made a mental note of them, so that they

could be repeated for Winifred's—but no!
That was one of the many habits he would
have to get out of !

  It was a pity, for Winifred would have seen
the point so quickly and responsively, whereas
he was a little bit doubtful whether Rhoda
always did, in spite of her charming smiles and
flashing teeth.

  Yet she had a humour of her own, too—a
sparkling overflow of spirits that raised a
laugh out of the sheer irreflective joy of living,
and carried him back—oh, years !

  He had felt a little sinking of the heart
when he realised that young Archie Main-
waring had followed on his motor-bicycle
with another young fellow on his pillion. But
he need not have worried. The more Archie
edged alongside, and strove to catch her eve,
the more engrossed Rhoda seemed in the
company of her escort.

  “ Come !!! she said on one occasion, when
the voices of the two young men had grown
inconveniently loud and near, “ We’ll get
a better view over there, I think.”

  And she had deliberately laid her thrilling
little hand on Simon’s arm, and drawn him out
of earshot.

  Simon swelled with pleasure. It was the
most delicious compliment he had received
for years, and all the more so because secretly
he rather admired young Main waring. The.
young blade was just, the type that he himself
had been some twenty years ago—tall, slim,
fresh-complexioned, clean-jawed, with that
romantic something in his dark eyes which
most girls would have fallen for at once. No
mean rival for a man of somewhat mature r
youth!

  But he could cope with him all right!

  *' I say! ” he suggested after an hour or so,
“ If you’ve had enough of this, what about a
spin in the car before the light fails ? ”

  “ I should love it! ” she said at once.

  And Archie, just advancing under cover
of an open cigarette-case, was eliminated
once and for all.

  “ Thank you, so much ! ” murmured Rhoda
at the end of the day as Simon bade her fare-
well at the Mainwarings’ door, “ I have enjoyed
it all/3
36

%e ^fJSfjT Magaiin 8

  And the look in her big brown eyes was
so devastating that Simon nearly ran down a
policeman on his way home, and was all
but arrested for being drunk in charge oi
a car.

• • « • • *

  He found coffee awaiting him on his return
home—a second infusion, which a man could
sip in comfort, with his pipe in his mouth, his
slipper less feet on the fender-
seat, his tired limbs stretched
inelegantly yet deliciously
in the low arm-chair. It was
just like Winifred to think
of it—so soothing and
thoughtful!

  Nor did she worry him with
talk. She just sat quietly
reading as she sewed, ready
to listen or be silent as he felt
inclined, infinitely peaceful.

  He dropped a word at last.

  “ Jove! ” he said, “ I’m
tired! ” ,

  A wife would have taken
the opportunity to point a
moral, warned him against
rheumatics, or at the least
would have suggested a hot-
water bottle in bed. Not so
Winifred.

  “ Poor boy! ” she said.

" Was he very bored ? ”

  “ Motors are more in my
line than horses,” he
confessed.

  “ Never mind; it was all
in a good cause. 1 hope
Rhoda was duly grateful! ”

  What a good-natured fellow
you are, said her placid eyes, a lamb led to
the slaughter just to amuse the children.

  “ 1 think I gave her a pretty good time,
taking it all round!he said. “ She seemed
to enjoy it/’

  “ I wish I had your energy!55 she exclaimed.

  Decidedly Simon was being spoiled just
now!

9	•	a	•	•

He awoke in the morning eager for another

day, and much tickled to recall that his sleep
had been broken by dreams of Fair Ladies.
It was years since he had dreamed of anything
more romantic than a sudden appreciation of
his pre-War Russian Bonds. And it was
years since he had sprung out of bed with so
little effort.

  The fact was, he thought he knew where he
could meet Her that morning “ by accident.”

She had dropped a hint that she might be
shopping in the High Street.

  “ Gad ! But I’m potty on that girl! ” he
whispered exultantly to himself as he
shaved.

  Strolling past the shop windows bright with
Easter novelties, he knocked up against—
not Rhoda, but Archie Mainwaring, also
strolling.

  “ Hallo, Mainwaring! ” he said.
A PECK OF MARCH DUST

37'

 “ Good morning! ” grunted the young man
 suspiciously. “ You’re up early, aren’t you—
 for you ? ”

 But Simon was not to be ruffled.

 “ Nice day, isn’t it ? ” he smiled.

 “ Rotten ! ” almost snarled the other,
 cursing under his breath as he strove in vain
 to light a cigarette. “ Beastly wind—all
 this paper blowing about, and dust!:5

exclaimed both, simultaneously starting towards
      her with uplifted hats.

 “ A peck of March dust is worth a King’s
 ransom, you know !

 “ And dust in the eyes is a blind man’s
 prize !retorted Archie sarcastically.

 The two men stood facing one another
 awkwardly, each yearning for the other’s
 absence, yet disliking the appearance of turn-
 ing tail. And suddenly the problem was

 solved for them by the emergence of Rhoda
 Mansell from a revolving shop door.

  <s Ha! ” exclaimed both, simultaneously
starting towards her with uplifted hats.

   What an exquisite vision she was, lovelier
than ever in the morning light, with her
wide brown eyes, the glint of the sunshine
in her hair, the soft bloom of spring petals
on her cheeks! At first she seemed startled,
blushing a little as she
nodded to Simon. Then
her eyes swept over Archie.

  “ Hallo ! ” she said. “ I
thought von had gone to the
office!55“

  The young man, suddenly
destitute of confidence,
muttered something about
“ having to see a man on
business.”

  “ Don’t let me detain
you! ” she begged.

  “ Allow me ! ” interposed
the more experienced Simon,
relieving her of her parcels.
“ This is a bit of luck ! How
about a cup of coffee in a
cafe somewhere, before you
continue your labours ? ”

  “ Just what I was dying
for! ”

  “ Coming along with us,
Mainwaring ?!! said Simon.

  But the young fellow
excused himself, glowering,
and melted away—if the term
may be used of the some-
what hard and abrupt
manner in which he turned
and strode about his business.

  “ Poor bov!murmured
Simon, half to himself. He
was young enough still to remember what if-
felt like to get the bird from a pretty girl 1
But Rhoda overheard him.

  “ It’s his own fault! ” she said with a
little pout. “ He shouldn’t be so con-
ceited ! ”

  “ Is he ? ” asked Simon. “ In what way ? ”
  t; N ever you mind!55 she laughed sweetly.
  "He’s not a'bad chap at heart, I think.'
said Simon, who had always had a sneaking
fondness, for the lad. “ 1 wish I had his goli
handicap anyway 1 ”

  Rhoda squeezed his arm as they entered
the caic.

  “ Let's talk about something more in-
teresting/' she suggested. ‘ Have you been
to the Hippodrome this week ? ”

  Hectic days!

  But there was one fly in his amber. For
once Winifred jailed him. He would have
preferred her to be a little more alert, not
to say suspicious about it all. A spice of
jealousy, a hint of alarm would have added
piquancy to his “ affaire.” It was rather
damping to find that she refused, tacitly, to
regard it as an “ affaire " at all. He might
have been an amiable uncie flirting with his
niece.

  Naturally this attitude ol Winifred’s was
a spur to any man ol spirit. He would
show her that he had not yet passed the
dangerous age. Romance was by no means in
the sear and yellow m short there was a bit
of the reckless young devil about him still!

  “What a child she is 1 ” exclaimed Winifred
on one occasion “ I can’t imagine what you
find to talk t.o her about < ’’

  “ Sweet nothings. 1 suppose ! ” grinned
Simon mischievously But Winifred only
laughed

  As a matter of fact, the problem of keeping
the girl amused was one that had caused
him some anxious moments already Alter
the effortless spate ot the first day or two.
he had found it expedient to ‘ swat up ” a
little beforehand—epigram? (not too subtle),
storyettes. snips from the humorous week-
lies and so on She read nothing, apparently,
so it was perfectly sale.

  And another thing Winifred was showing
juf-it u little too much independence. Evi-
dently if Simon was too busy to take her
about, she would find someone who would 1

11	there whs one thing Simon loathed, it was
to come home and find the house empty

  One day his soul yearning tor more solid
meat than the Hippodrome; he got a couple

of stalls for Winifred and himself for the
Opera But his sister was dismayed when
he showed them to her

     I m so sorrv 1 ” she said, her eyes full of
conrern “ But I’ve promised to go to the
pictures with the Mainwanngs Archie’s
calling lor me at seven.”

  “ At seven ’ ” was his first thought What
about dinner ? ”

  “ I thought you wouldn’t mind having it
alone for once,” she said apologetically.

  “ And just for the pictures ’ ' he exclaimed,
outraged “ Do you mean you’re going to
the movies—vow/”

  “ Archie says-”

  “ Pah 1 ” he growled. “ You and vour
Archie 1 The empty-headed young puppy !
It beats me ‘::

  He looked at his sister, suddenly suspicious.
This was not the first time she had gOne out
with young Main waring now he came to
think. Winnie was a good ten years younger
than he, Simon, but surely she would not be
so silly

  “ I can’t think what, on earth you have in
common with a hobble-de-hoy like that 1 ”
he said sulkily.

  “ Oh, I don’t know 1 ” she was murmuring,,
with a smile like the Monna Lisa. il He s a
nice boy, and he can be rather amusing at
times1 ”

  “ Ten minutes of him would bore me stiff ’ ”
growled Simon disdainfully A short time
ago he had been sticking up tor Archie, but
this was a bit too thick.

  “ Well I'm sorry,” said Winnie mildly,
“ but 1 can't very well get out ol it.. Though,
of course. I should love to have heard ‘Lohen-
grin again. Why not ask Rhoda to go with
you < ”

  Simon snorted involuntarily.

  “ Tchk f ” he snapped. “ Shft’d yawn her
head oS ’ ”

  And. a sudden spasm shaking him. he
yawned himself at the mere thought of it,
cavernously uncontrollably He was more
tired than he had thought this continual
racketing about1 After all. he was not too
sorry that the visit to the Opera was oil.
The room looked very cosy, there was a new
A PECK OF MARCH DUST

39

number of the “ Spectator ” on the smoker’s
table, the fire was warmer than the weather.

  “ I don’t think I’ll turn out again to-day,”
he decided. “ A quiet evening at home’ll do
me no harm. Telephone to the Nadins or
somebody, Winnie, and see if they would care
to use the tickets.”

  “ I’m awfully sorry ! ” she said, troubled.
“ To tell the truth,” he confessed, “ I
believe I’m not! ”

  And picking a fine Corona from the cedar
box at his side, he pierced it with a sigh,
opened his “ Spectator ” and threw himself
back in the long, low chair. An editorial on
“ The Degeneration of Our Public Schools ”
engrossed his attention for a while, but the
soothing balm of peace and comfort hung
heavy on his lids. Soon they drooped, the
paper fell to his knee, his tired eyes closed—
and at the same moment the telephone
from the further end of the room began to
ring!

  “ It’s Rhoda,” announced Winifred from
the instrument, holding out the receiver for
him to take. “ Now isn’t that fortunate—she’s
at a loose end to-night, and you won’t be
alone, after all! ”

  “ What’s that ? ” asked Simon, blinking up
at her with glazed eyes. “ What d’say ? ”

 “ Rhoda wants you on the ’phone,”
repeated Winifred. “ I told ber about those
tickets! ”

  “ You what ? ” exclaimed her brother,
starting upright in his chair.

  “ You were quite wrong—she says she
simply adores Opera.3’

 “Yes-‘The Belle of New York’ and
‘ The Merry Widow ’I ” he snarled. “ That’s
what she means ! ”

  “ I don’t suppose she’s ever heard of them,”
retorted Winifred, with an unwonted shade of
a?peritv in her voice. “ You forget, they were
long before her time ! ”

  “ Bah ! ” said Simon. Then suddenly he
checked himself, aghast. How had it come to
this, that he and Winnie were having “ words ”
—or nearly so ? It was years since that had
happened!

  £i Sorry ! ” he mumbled, rising, and taking
the crackling receiver from his sister’s hand.

“ Hallo ! Yes. speaking. Yes,c Lohengrin.’
Grand Opera, yiknow. Delighted! Rather:
of course I will! ”

  The girl’s clear, fresh voice came over the
wires in reply like a song of birds on a Spring
morning, bringing with it the picture of her
eager little face, the wide brown eyes and
dewy lips, and the scent of her warm furs.

  “ What’s that ? ” he called, for the voice
was not yet satisfied. “ Oh! At the Melodeon ?
No, I hadn’t thought of it. I say, won’t we be
rather late. Three, did you say—three in the
morning ? ”

  “ Good heavens, Winnie I ” he explained,
turning to his sister, covering the mouthpiece
of the telephone. “ What do you think ? She
wants me to take her on to a dance at the
Melodeon Hall after the Opera!55

  “ How lovely! ” was the unexpected
answer. “ It’s a special Carnival night;
Archie was telling me. You are in for a gay
time.”

  The receiver was crackling impatiently again
—he took it up rather dazedly.

  “ Oh, fine ! ” he said. “ Be a sport ?—of
course I will! Right-o ! Bye-bye! ”

  Hanging the receiver thoughtfully upon
its crutch, he returned to the fireside, drew on
his slippers, neatly folded the “ Spectator,”
closed the lid of his cigar-box, and flung his
half-smoked stump into the fire.

  “ Well,” he said, “ you’ll be oil soon. If
I don’t see you again before you go, good-bye,
and I hope you have a good time.”

  “ Where are you going \ ” asked Winifred,
startled, with a rapid glance at the clock on
the mantelpiece.

  “ I’m going upstairs to change,” he said
heavily. t! And have another shave; I shall
need it before the night’s out! ”

• • « • «

  The Opera was not so bad, after all. Rhoda
was quite interested in the toilettes in the
stalls, and thrilled by the number and weird
shape of the instruments in the enlarged
orchestra. The curly-headed young man
with the drums fascinated her for quite s
long time. As for Simon, there was
charm about her fresh young beauty and
naivete!
But they left at the end of the second act,
and took a taxi to the Melodeon Hall.

“ What time shall I tell him to come
back ? ” he asked, as they drew up at their
destination.

c Oh, say three o’clock/5 replied ^he girl,
her undimmed eyes sparkling with excitement.
“ If there are any extras, it won’t hurt him
to wait a little.”

Simon, with the girl’s quick eyes upon

                         Simon picked out
trotting a jew yards
arms. “ There
him, twisted a groan Rhoda excitedly,
into a gallant little	same

laugh, pulled himself to-
gether, threw a spring into bis gait, and fol-
lowed her up the steps to the lighted vestibule.

  Here, while waiting for Rhoda’s reappear-
ance from the cloak-room, he suddenly
perceived a young man leaning against one of
the gilded pillars, smoking a cigarette. It was
Archie Mainwaring!
A PECK OF MARCH DUST

JMl

41

n is sisier jox~ sf

away in Archies I II! h t

they are /” laughed	”/

 seeing them at the « Yoil here, too! ” he
 ime'	exclaimed quite amic-

                ably. “ I thought you
 had gone to the pictures! ”

 “ We did,” said the other drily;cc and now
 we’re here!”

 “ Who’s c we ’ ?;J

 “ Miss PerciVal and I. of course! ” replied
 the boy.

 His look challenged comment; he did not

change his negligent attitude; his dark eyes
were sullen but alert, almost as though the
encounter had been deliberately provoked.
.Everything about him, from the parting in his
glossy hair to the sheen of his patent-leather
pumps, was immaculate, yet somehow he
looked primitive, dangerous.

  Then suddenly Simon, coolly regarding him
with the half-amused curiosity of a mastiff for
the arched back and fjufEed-out tail of some
%e	Magazine

defiant kitten,^saw the expression in his eyes
change as they shot past him to a further
corner of the vestibule. The glitter melted to a
softer light, the hard lines crumpled up, there
was one brief glimpse of a tortured mouth, and
the boy, turning on his heel, vanished in the
crowd, just as Rhoda’s hand was laid on her
escort’s arm.

  “ That was Archie 1 ” said Simon. “ Did
you see ? ”

  “ Oh, yes! ” she laughed carelessly. “ I
knew he’d be here.”

  “ The deuce you did! ” thought Simon,
as he led her to the ball-room. Was there
more in ail this than met the eye ? With a
now clarity of vision, he covertly studied his
partner’s face, flushed surely with something
more than the mere excitement of the dance,
as her gaze darted hither and thither amongst
the crowd.

  “ I’ve lost him ! ” she said at length,” Was
he with anyone, did you notice ? ”

  “ He said he had brought Winnie.”

  “ Oh ! ” she said.

  The Carnival was the great annual event
of the season, and the ballroom was crowded.
A locally famous jazz band provided mingled
voeai and instrumental music, swaying and
jogging to the beat. A triple stream of dancers
held the floor, and to seek for anyone in par-
ticular was like looking for the proverbial
needle in a haystack. But, after a while,
Simon picked out his sister fox-trotting a
few yards away in Archie’s arms.

  “ There they go! ” laughed Rhoda ex-
citedly, seeing them at the same time.

  “ Let’s stop a minute, if you don’t mind,”
suggested Simon, drawing his partner out of
the stream, and watching his sister as she
circled once more into view.

  She was a fine woman, was Winnie, tall,
slim, exquisitely gowned, her coppery hair
beautifully waved, but undeniably she was
not looking her best to-night. Ordinarily
she looked years younger than her age;
but now, in the arms of that smooth-faced
boy, even Winnie looked a little tired and faded.

  Simon’s hand flew to his jowl, stubbly for
all his care. What about himself, he thought,
as he turned and glanced half-involuntarily

at the girl on his arm, so^smooth and bright
and fresh. Careless, corrosive, merciless
Youth ; what could stand up against it, after
all, save answering Youth ?

  Winnie and her partner were approaching
again.

  45 Rhoda,” he said suddenly, “ what about
an ice or a glass of claret-cup before we go
any further ? ”

  “ I don’t mind,” she agreed, her eyes glued
to the whirling crowd. “ But be quick ! ”

  “ I’ll get the others to join us! ” he said
quickly, leaving Rhoda in a little alcove
half-partitioned from the room. “ Wait
here! ”

  Archie looked distinctly surprised, as he
sauntered up and stood hesitating at the
entrance to the alcove, while Winnie flew to
Rhoda’s side.

  “Hallo!” he said. “ What’s the idea ? ”
“ We’re dying for an ice, and I’m sure you
could do with one, too,” explained Simon.
“ So why not pause awhile and join forces ?
It’ll save two of us fighting our way to the
buffet.”

  “ You mean one of us can fetch the lot ? ”

  “ Quite! ” said Simon, smiling as he sat
down next to Rhoda. “ Do you mind ? ”

  “ Not a bit! 5‘ replied the boy, also sitting
down and crossing Ins legs. “ Mine’s a straw-
berrv: and don’t forget the wafer ! ”

%/	o

  “ I thought you wouldn’t mind, Main war-
ing,” suggested Simon mildly. “ You know
the ropes better than I do! ”

  The bov smiled doggedly, and drew a
cigarette from his case, obviously immovable.

  “ Don’t bother him, Simon,” interposed
Rhoda, with mock alarm. “ Archie would feel
so lost among all those grown-up men ! ”
With a burning scowl the young man sprang
from his seat and vanished in the crowd.
It was the golden moment for which Simon
had been working.

  “ I say, Winnie! ” he cried excitedly,
grasping his sister by the arm. “ There’s
Johnson ! You must come and spea,k to him
before he goes ! Quick ! ”

  And with a swift apology to Rhoda, he
dragged his astonished sister from the alcove.
“ Whoever is Johnson ? ” she gasped.
A PECK OF MARCH DUST

43

  In the vestibule he turned to her and
explained

  “ It was only a ruse, Winnie,” he said
“ Get your things on, quick as you can.
We’re going home! ”

  “ But-”

  “ Oh. I know it’s unpardonable leaving
them like this. and 1 dare say they’ll never
speak to us again But what does ;t. matter,
so long as they speak to each other ? Poor
kids, can’t you see ? They re dead sick oi
throwing dust in each other’s eyes Let's
give them this chance; if they don’t take it,
that’s then look out But they will! ”

   For a couple of seconds Winnie stared at
her brother in mute astonishment; it was
outrageous; it was a miracle' Then, re-
covering her breath she searched his smiling,
eager face with narrowed eyes, until she
understood Then she, too, smiled

   " 1 see, she said slowly “ Yes I believe
you’re right It’s the best thing we can do.”

  With one swift glance over her shoulder
at the bright lights, flashing silks, and tire-
less fire-Hies in the room beyond, she pulled
her cloak around her shoulders and followed
her brother out into the street.

   The very next day it seemed that retribu-
tion was to overtake them At hall-past
eleven in the morning. Miss Mansell and Mr.
Mam waring were announced.

  ‘ Now were for it! ” groaned Simon
whimsically, following his sister across the
haJI

  Rhoda looked remarkably pretty in her
new spring costume of apple-green and white.

 The little chocolate-coloured hat went ex-
 ceedingly wel1 with hor peach-blossom com-
 plexion, and ber eye* were shining—not
 with anger, but with such a radiance ol un-
 shadowed jov that Simon’s back straightened
 at once, and he was able to look his whilom
 adversary almost in the eye.

“ Cheerio! ” murmured Archie with a
bashful smile.

 But Rhoda pushed him eagerly aside.

 “ Oh, my dears! ” she cried, flying for-
 ward with left hand outstretched. “ Look
 what Archie’s given me ; isn’t it too sweet! ”
 He took the slender hand and held it
 coolly up that Winifred and he might admire
 as it deserved the ruby and diamond ring on
 the third finger Archie had been quick about
 it, the young rascal; but it was no more
 than he (Simon) and Winnie had expected,
 and so—the Best Of Luck!

“ By the way.” said Rhoda suddenly,
after the congratulations were over “ We
owe you both an apology ior last night.
Don’t we. Archie ? ”

 “ Yes/’ murmured Simon non-committaily,
 as the young man nodded gravely
 “ We are really awfully sorry.” she went
 on.

“ We can’t imagine how we came to do
such a thing,” chimed in her swam
'* The fact is,” explained Rhoda contritely,
“ we were so excited about all this, that we

 ieit before the end-”

 “ At five to three/’ supplemented Archie
 huskily

 “ And quite forgot to say good-bye.”

THE END.

  “ Flappers apology i Pardon Knee."—Film
Fun US.A

  u 1 wonder whai makes all Scotsmen such
humorists ?'

   “ It must be the qrft”—Oregon Orange Owl.

   I am in my father s business
   “ What do you do there ? ’

  “ 1 run up his working expenses.—Pele
Mele. Pam.

 The figure a mannequin gets depends upon
 tJie one she has.—London Calling.

 “ No gvrt ever made a fool out oj me”

“Who was it then?"—Us- oj S. Calif.
Wampas.

 She \ Playing Piano i “ That was' Siegfried's

 Death.' ”

 He. 1 Fm no< surprised.”—Lustige Blatter
 Berlin.
44

A yam that is just a real snip I

ILLUSTRATED BY F1TZ

PPA&EMT

William Freeman

It was one of those mornings which seem
like a Christmas present delivered too
late—clear sky, sharp hoar-frost that the
temperature was too low to melt, every puddle
glazed, and a sun like a prize orange. But
Robert Dacre was in no mood to appreciate
Nature’s quaint imitations of glass and fruit.
The Fates had dealt him a couple of really
nasty ones. Ann Peebleshire had turned him
down with a flop that was practically audible.

  And why ? Because—ha, ha !—he wasn’t
up to the Peebleshire standard in appearance.

  “ You’re not really spruce,” Ann had said
with the critical detachment which is the
prerogative of the very aged and the very
young. “ And you never will be.”

  “ I don’t suppose I shall be really oak or
fir, either,” Robert had retorted. “ But that
needn’t prevent the bells ringing forth a merry
wedding chime.”

  “ I’m sorry,” said Ann. “ But you can’t
expect anyone to marry a man with hair like
—well, like yours. All over the place ! ”

  “ It’s a dashed sight better than being
bald,” said Robert, which was tactless,
because his runner-up where Ann was con-
cerned was Peter Thetford, and if Peter were
standing upright in five feet six of muddy
water you wouldn’t have known him from an
ostrich-egg.

  Ann had made a few further remarks, and
then Robert had departed. He’d been angry
then, twelve hours ago; now, after a night
devoted more to thinking than sleeping, he was
depressed but no longer entirely hopeless. He

had dressed early, walked seven miles country-
wards, breakfasted at a weird little eating-house
with a company of market-gardeners, and
finally found himself, as the clocks were striking
ten, in the High Street of Polders End, in pre-
war days a mere hamlet, now an ultra-modern
suburb.

  “ The Elite Hairdressing and Manicure,
Establishment—Proprietors E.and K. Westlake.”
The sunlight caught the gilt of the lettering
on a swinging sign. It reminded him of the
decision he had reached in the early morning
hours. He would smarten himself up. He
would struggle to reach the Peebleshire
standard, and having reached it, once more
try his luck with Ann.

  He pushed open the door and found himself
in a room furnished with the usual barber's
chairs, three in a row, facing a trio of the
usual basins; above were glass shelves fitted
with brilliantine, lotions, and shaving-soap.
At the end were curtains separating a small
room from the rest of the shop. Through a
gap in the curtains he had a glimpse of a
manicurist’s table, lamp, and instruments.

  From this room a girl emerged. She look*ed
about twenty; she also looked startled, one
might even say scared. She was dressed
trimly in black, and her eyes reminded him of
a kitten’s—except that a kitten wouldn’t have
had such long lashes.

  “ Good morning,” said Robert, absurdly
dithered. “ Are you the bear-dresser and
harbour—that is to say, the bar-dresser
and herber ? In other words,” he made
HAIR APPARENT

45

“ Golly,” said Robert, and decided that the final

a violent effort, “ are you in charge here,
anyway ? ”

 The kitten-eyed girl said, ‘ Yes.”

 Ci My hair needs cutting,” continued Robert,
 regaining confidence.

 “ Yes. Of course.”

 “ You mean that you've noticed it ? ” He
 was now anxious to overcome her obvious
 shyness.

 She nodded.

 “ Directly you came in.”

 “ Well, what about it ? ”

 “ If you’ll sit down-” The girl indicated

 the middle chair.

 Robert sat down. It was the type of chair
 which is only a shade less complicated than
 those used by dentists, for several minutes
 she was busy with levers and pedals behind
 him.

\yllable oj his remark ought to have been * wog/ ”

  “ Short or long ? ” she inquired at last.

  “ Oh. medium,” said Robert. “ Something
between a Pom and a wire-haired terrier, if
you get me. But you’re going to put one of
those dust-sheet arrangements over me first,
aren’t you ? ”

  “ Certainly.” But in the mirror oppos'te he
caught the blush which told him that she’d
forgotten all about it.

  She fetched the usual shroud-like garment
and swathed him in it. The shop was plea-
santly warm, her touch soothing; his early
morning walk had made him drowsy. Imper-
ceptibly Robert drifted into a doze and, dozing,
dreamed. He dreamed that he had a fresh
argument with Aim Peebleshire, and that she
finally lost her temper completely and bit his
ear; bit it so fiercely that he awoke with a
strangled yelp of agony.
46

%z m?W Magazine

 " I—I’m most frightfully sorry,” said the
 girl, “ but your head suddenly jerked forward,
 and the scissors slipped.”

 “ No damage done ? ” Robert asked. She
 was dabbing his ear with a handkerchief, so
 that the glass didn’t enlighten him.

 “ Not really much. Just a tiny chip off the
 edge. It’ll stop bleeding directly.”

 “ Good ! I’m afraid I went all blur. It’s
 the atmosphere. What about the hair-cut 1 "
 “ I’m getting on with it.”

 “ Righto! ”

 He settled himself back in the chair again
 and closed his eyes—not to sleep; the sting
 of his wounded ear made that impossible—
 but because he wanted to visualise Aim’s face,
 to recall exactly how she’d looked when they
 parted. Incredible that even for an hour or so
 his memory of her should have faded! He
 couldn’t even remember what her eyes were
 like, except that they weren’t kittenish.

 His medjtations were brought to a sudden
 end by something warm splashing on the nape
 of his neck.

 “ Crikey, she’s chipped me somewhere
 else! ” he decided, and then realised that the
 splash wasn’t blood, but that colourless fluid
 known as tears.

 “ Here, I say ! ” he protested, turning.'1

    S-s-sorry,” said the hair-cutter. Another
 splash landed 011 his sleeve.

 “ What’s wrong ? ”

 “ Everything. Look at yourself! w
 Robert looked—and gasped.

 “ Wow! ”

 “ What does it look like ?”

 “ It looks,” said Robert, trying to be
 generous, “ as though it had been nibbled by
 a rabbit in a hurry, who’d mislaid his false
 teeth.”

 “ Exactly. A rabbit,” she amended fiercely,
 anxious not to spare herself, “ suffering from
 delirium tremens. I ought to have told
 you that I didn’t really know anything about
 hair-cutting. If only Teddy hadn’t gone up
 to London!”

 “ Who’s Teddy ? ”

 “ My brother.”

 “ Are you and he the * E. and K. West-
 lake5?”

  “ Yes. I’m the { K —Kathleen. The real
beginning was when the solicitors wrote and
told us that our shares were practically waste-
paper, and that there wouldn’t be any
income worth talking about. And they
were shares which father always insisted
would make our fortunes.”

  “ But why start a barber's shop ? What
I mean is, it’s such a dashed unusual line for
amateurs to take up.”

  “ It was Teddy’s idea. He’s always doing
unusual things. He’s really an artist, and
the artistic temperament is like that. He
read in a trade magazine that five to twenty
pounds a week could be easily earned by any-
one after a month’s tuition, and that the
same advertisers who taught you would
afterwards tit up a shop on the instalment

system. So he took the course-”

  “ But couldn’t stay it ? ”

  “ And I studied manicuring, and-—”

  The opening of the shop-door interrupted
her. A young man wearing spats, faultlessly
creased trousers, and a 1929-pattern bowler
entered.

  “ I want-” he began, in a languid voice.

His eyes fell on Robert.

  “ Colly! ” he breathed, and fled.

  “ The next syllable,” said Robert, ts would
undoubtedly have been ‘wog.’ About the
worst advertisement ever for your business.
If that was Polders End’s brightest and
best-”

  “ Which it was,” said Miss Westlake
bitterly. “ Only yesterday I heard him
telling someone outside that he meant to
come in and help to set the rotten little show
on its legs.”

  “ Is there a rival establishment he can
patronise ? ”

  “Not nearer than Little Wretford. That’s
why we decided to come here.”

“ When will your brother be back ? ”
tc I don’t know. Of course, I ought to
have told you so at first. But I hated to
turn away a customer, we’ve had so awfully
few.”

  “ Naturally. I mean—-well, anyway, it's
nothing to worry about. A swipe or so
with a hair-brush, a parting here, a deft
HAIR APPARENf

47

sraoothi ng-over
there, and only
the expert eye
won Id detect any-
thing abnormal.”

  “You’re wrong,”
said Miss Westlake
miserably. “
wish I could
believe that you
weren’t.” She
handed him a pair
of brushes.

  Robert did his
best. But the
result wasn’t en-
couraging.

  “ Still, with my
cap on,” he per-
sisted doggedly.

  “ Where is your
cap ? ”

  They searched
the shop, but
fruitlessly.

 “You’re sure
you had a cap ? ”
she asked, at last.

  “ I was afraid
you’d ask that,”
said Robert.

“ Candidly, I’m not sure. Mine's the sort of
memory that never is.”

  “ You can’t possibly go out into the High
Street without one ! ”

  “It would be risky. But isn’t there a
rear exit ? ”

  “ Yes, across the little yard behind, and
out through a gate into the passage that the
dustman and coalmen use. But it seems a
horrible way of getting rid of a customer.”

  “ My dear Miss Westlake, what is good
enough for a Polders End dustman is good
enough for me. I propose to steal quietly
forth, purchase a new hat at the nearest

hattery-”

  “ Cobson’s, at the corner of King George’s
Avenue, is the nearest.”

  “ Mention casually that I’m never going
to have my hair cut in Little Wretford again,

and return to town
by the first tram
available for—for-
give me—expert
attention.”

 “I wish you
hadn’t, to.”
“Things like
this,” said Robert
earnestly, “just
happen, and you
mustn’t let it
worry you. If I’d
any advice to
offer, it would be
to shove a notice
in the window,
'Closed to-day
except for mani-
curing. By order
of the Home
Secretary.’ People
will merely think
it’s the latest
manifestation of
Dora. Is this my
homeward route?”
“ Straight
through.”

  “ Thanks. May
I have your
address ? I’d like to let you know—er—what
happens.”

  She handed him a circular. Robert
thanked her again, reached the further door,
and paused.

  “ By the way, I’ve forgotten to-”

  “ If,” said Miss Westlake fiercely, “ you
offer to pay me for what I’ve done, I—I
shall have hysterics.”

  “ In that case,” said Robert, “ I suppose
we’d better limit ourselves to ‘ Thanks very
much ’ and ‘ Good-bvc.’ ”

  He opened the door, and found himself
in an asphalted yard. At the end, a gate
led to a narrow pathway; beyond that was
the railway embankment.

  “ Queer business, Life,” mused Robert, and
he passed briskly through. “ Yesterday that girl
and I were complete strangers; to-day-”

Robert leapt over the plunging figure.
48

%e MfiBIQf Magazine

  He sighed, slid his hand into his overcoat
pocket, discovered his cap there, sighed again,
put it on, and allowed his thoughts to drift—
a bad practice in a thoroughfare le3S than a
yard wide. A young man in a grey suit,
suddenly appearing at the point where the
path bent sharply to the left, collided with
him and then gripped him by the arm.

  “ Half-time ! ” protested Robert.

  The young man’s grip tightened.

    Your time's more likely to be twelve
months What’s the game, my lad, prowl-
ing around the backs of other people’s
houses ? ”

  Robert paused, perhaps, three seconds
before he answered. One can do a good deal
of thinking in that time. Though the young
man’s eyes, now glowering menacingly at
him, couldn’t be described as kitten-like, they
very definitely reminded him of the girl he
had just left. So did his mouth. The total
resemblance was, in short, strong enough for
Robert to identify him as Mr. Edward
Westlake. If Edward (argued Robert, in
those vital three seconds) discovered the
hideous hash his sister had made of her
solitary customer’s head-thatch, there would
almost certainly be Big Trouble. And the
poor kid had had trouble enough already, and
a bit over.

  “ Go and play hide-and-seek with someone
else,” he suggested, “ and don’t ask silly
questions. I’m in a hurry to get to the
station ”

  “ It’s the other kind of station you’ll visit
this morning! ”

  “ Tut-tut, how grim! Going to let go, or
aren't you ? ”

  “ I’m not.”

  “ Don’t blame me, then,” said Robert
gaily. He jerked himself free, ducked, clutched
at Edward Westlake's legs, brought him down,
leapt over the plunging figure, and ran.

  As he sped round the angle towards King
George’s Avenue and the station, a sudden
thought struck him. He clapped bis hand
to his trouser-pocket. It was empty, All
his pockets were empty. He’d come out
without any money at all. He couldn’t have
paid for his hair-cut, even if Kitten-eyes bad

  allowed him. And the railway company
weren’t likely to exhibit a similar generosity
when it came to taking a ticket back to Town.

  “ This,” said Robert to himself, “ i3 my
lucky day. My really lucky day ! ”

  He made up his mind quickly. As he
emerged again into the High Street, he turned
left., instead of right, and obliterated himself
in a shop doorway An instant later, Edward
dashed out, paused long enough to make sure
that he wasn’t in sight, and then continued
the pursuit stationwards. Robert waited
until the enemy was well beyond range, and
then returned by the normal entrance to the
Elite Hairdressing establishment.

  Kathleen emerged from the inner room.

  “ I’m sorry,” sbe began, “ but Sir. West-
lake is out, and- Oh/ ”

  “ Yes, he’s out all right,” said Robert'.
“ A whole lot out. That’s really what I’ve
come back to explain. He met me in Coal-
heaver’s Alley just now, and instantly decided
that I was committing a felony. However,
I’ve left him— ”

  “ But where’s Teddy now ? ”

  “ Somewhere between the Wesleyan Chapel
and the taxi-rank, I imagine. He assumed that
I'd bolted for the station because I mentioned,
before we parted, that I was in a hurry to
catch a train, and hurled himself in that
direction, missing me en route.”

  “ It’s all frightfully confusing.”

  “ But not,” Robert assured her, “ so con-
fusing as it was. The fundamental trouble
at present is that I came away from my digs
without any money. Silly thing to do,
but Ann’s as much to blame as anyone.”

  “ Who’s Ann ? ”

  c: Ann ? Oh, just a girl. Anyhow, I’ve
come back to make a suggestion.”

  “ What is it ? ”

  Robert explained.

  “ Goodness knows what Edward will say,”
she sighed.

  “ It’ll be quite a lot,” Robert assured her.
“ You know what the artistic temperament,
is. So fluent, so fresh! That’s why I’d rather
you weren’t here.”

    •	• • •

Edward Westlake reached the station,
HAIR APPARENT

49

made reasonably
sure that Robert
wasn’t there, and
without wasting
further time re-
turned to the
shop He had
scared the fellow,
if he hadn’t
caught him. He
walked straight
in, began,
say, Kathleen

--” and broke

off at the sight of
a swathed figure
in the middle
seat.

  “ Are you the
jolly old barber ? ”
demanded the
figure. 44 Because
if you are, I want
a hair-cut.”

  Edward stared
at him incre-
dulously. Fluency,
for once at any
rate, seemed to
have deserted
him.

  “ You’re won-
dering,” Robert
continued, “ how
my hair came to
grow like this.

Answer adjudged
correct—it didn't.

I invented a patent automatic electric
clipper, and the darn thing ran amok ”

  “ Are you trying to make me believe you’re
not the burgling blighter I grabbed half an
hour ago ? ”

  “ My dear young man, I don’t know whether
you always welcome your customers as
cordially as this, but if so, 1 can understand
why there isn t a queue outside A ll I wanted
was a hair-trim. If you can manage that——
“ I can, but I’m hanged if I will.”

  “ In that case, 1 shall walk out of the shop

  without my hat,
and let the elite
of Polders End
draw their own
conclusions.”

   “ Go to blazes!
Where’s my
sister ? ”

  “ How should
I know. Are you
going to trim my
hair, or aren’t
you ? ”

   “ It’d give me
a heap more satis-
faction to give
you in charge.
However,” con-
cluded the tem-
pera mental
Edward, who,
after a rapid in-
vestigation, had
d i s c o v e r ed no
v i s i ble evidence
of burglary or
other crime, “ I
ivill trim your
confounded hair,
if only because
it’s the last hair

I	shall ever trim.”
He took up the
scissors ^nd
comb. “ Listen
to me, you moth-
eaten experiment-
alist. When I
went up to Town by the eight-forty-nine this
morning, I was broke, busted, done in Assets
—several final notices and an outsize in over-
drafts. The solicitors’ letter didn’t drop a
hint; he's the old-iashioned, secretive sort.
When I came back by the ten twenty-three,
and incidentally ran into you or some un-
fortunate facsimile, it was with the cheering
knowledge that the shares the pater had
left had still got a kick in them. In other
words, had jumped to fifteen bob apiece,
because the experts have found any amount of

ziasav)

It looks as though it
has been nibbled by a rabbit
in a hurry.”
50	%e

tin that nobor’ guessed was there. And
we’ve twenty thousand of those shares be-
tween us.”

  “ Splendid! ”

  “ I’m not asking for your confounded con-
gratulations ; I’m simply telling you because
you’re the nearest approximation to a human
being that happens to be handy. Now forget
it, and keep still.” And Edward, who in
the course of his concentrated course of hair-
dressing really had learnt a thing or two,
proceeded to repair the ravages of the pre-
vious attack. Pie was busy with the finishing
brushes when the door at the rear was timor-
ously opened, and Kathleen appeared.

  “ Oh, you’re back ! ” she said.

  “ I’m back,” Edward assured her, “ and
all the world’s a garden of delight. Kath,
old dear, everything’s O.K. We’re off the
rocks again, for keeps. We can chuck the
whole rotten business, and take up Angora
rabbit breeding or ostrich-farming, or any-
thing else you like.”

  “Oh Edward, how splendid ! ”

  “ My adjective exactly,” murmured Robert.
“ You,” said Edward, “ being now passable,
if not presentable, may catch that train you’d
such a hankering for.”

  “ Don’t go yet,” said Kathleen, as Robert,
having risen obediently, took his hat and
moved towards the door.

  “ Why not ? ” he demanded.

  “ Because, you blithering idiot, you’re still
draped in the firm’s overall,” said Edward.
Kathleen, advancing, extricated him.

  “ It’s my conviction that you two have
met before,” said Edw'ard, with a Hash of
intuition.

  His sister faced him calmly.

  “ And suppose we have ? ”

  “ Then there’s some sort of mystery in cold
storage. And as I like my mysteries limited
to fiction, the beggar had better stay and
have some lunch.”

  “ If you imagine that Mr. Dacre-”

  “Mr. Dacre,” said Edward, with another
flash of intuition, “ is going to shake hands
and cry quits.”

  “ Er—quite so,” said Robert.

e	»	•	a

1 Magazine

  It was nearly three o’clock when Robert
emerged from the Tube Station at the Marble
Arch. And there he practically ran into Ann
Peebleshire, who lived quite near.

  He was conscious of a curious and original
sensation—something between disloyalty and
embarrassment.

  “ Good-afternoon,” said Ann.

  “ Good-afternoon,” said Robert, raising
his hat.

  “ Oh, good gracious! ” said Ann. Her
voice rose in a hysterical squeak. “ What
have you been doing ? ”

  “ Doing ? ”

  “ To your hair. How utterly ghastly ! ”

  “ I’m sorry.”

  “ So am I. I don’t suppose it was your
fault, but whoever’s responsible ought to be
stopped from barbering altogether. Even
with your hat on it’s awful. You ought.to go
into a monastery or somewhere for a month.”
“ They’d make me cut it shorter still there.”
“ I suppose it was partly my fault, and I’m
frightfully sorrv, and all that, but you
mustn’t dream of coming to see me, or—or
asking me to marry you, or any silliness
of that sort, until your hair’s properly grown
again.”

  “ I won’t.”

  There was a little pause.

  “ You don’t bear malice, do you ? ” said
Ann. There was something in his manner
she could not analyse. But then, bright young
thing as she was, Ann wasn’t really clever.

  “ Not a bit. Much obliged for the warning.
Good-bye.”

  He took a taxi, back to his rooms. In front
of the mirror over the dining-room mantel-
piece he surveyed himself critically. Ann was
right, it was ghastly. At least a fortnight
must eiapse before he could call and see her.
Why didn't lie care more ? The fact remained
that he didn’t care at all.

  “ Extraordinary !said Robert to himself.
“ One of those pyschological problems which
it’d take another woman to explain. I bet
Kathleen would be able to—she’s the under-
standing type.”

  And the next- day, still worried by the
problem, and remembering that he owed the
HAIR APPARENT

51

Weetlakes his fare to town, he went down to
Polders End again.

  Robert was quick to notice that the swing-
ing sign which yesterday displayed “The
Elite Hairdressing and Manicure Establish-
ment” had now been re-placed by another
of more sinister appearance, announcing that
“ from to-morrow this business will be under
entirely new management.55

  He gave a pleasant sigh as he entered the
barbery interior, but soon discovered from
the temperamental one that Kathleen was
out.

  “ We’re chucking the business here right
away as you can see,” said Edward. “A
local man takes over to-morrow. My sister’s
keen on a flat in Kensington. Spent most of

yesterday evening studying maps and adver-
tisements. Hipplewhite Gardens sec&is 'to
be final choice.”

 “ That’s a turning ofi my road,” said
 Robert, his heart performing inexplicable
 evolutions. “ We may become near neigh-
 bours.”

 “ Possibly,” said Edward, not as though it
 really mattered much.

 Rut several other people knew better—
 Robert, when he looked into those kitten-
 eyes again, and Kathleen when she saw that
 brown, weirdly cropped head, and, of course,
 Cupid.

 And afterwards, Ann.

 But she didn’t go to the wedding.

THE END,
52

Comments of current events in lighter vein.

By ROBERT MAGILL.

Illustrated by GEORGE THOMPSON.

    see that the latest fashion for a man at a
dance is to wear one glove on the hand
tbat be puts behind the girl to hold her
up in case she slips over his big feet, the idea
being that he won’t soil her frock, or if she is
wearing one of those frocks that starts on a
low note, that his cold band doesn’t make her
shiver.

  This reminds me that I have dozens of
gloves stored awav at home, but none cf them
in pairs, because I never have two gloves
together for five minutes before 1 lose one
I lose only gloves. I never lose one sock, or
one shoe, and 1 never lose both gloves. But
when 1 come back from a walk 1 sort of check
things over 1 have brought back myself,
my hat., my stick, my dog, my wife, if 1 took
her out with me, and there
is one glove. But the
other-

  I don’t know why this
is, unless perhaps gloves
get to hate each other, and
get a divorce as soon as is
possible. My case is not —
singular. Everybody
knows that if you put two
gloves on the hall table
overnight, there will be
only one there in the
morning, so that unless
one glove turns cannibal ^
and eats the other, there is
no explanation. Mean-

while, 1 always go out with two gloves.
One 1 wear, and the other, like a little
gentleman, I carry in my hand. I couldn’t
wear it if 1 tried, because they are both
built for the left band.

  In the Spring a young man’s fancy is sup
posed to turn to thoughts of love, but seeing
how the winds blow and the rain rains, and the
fog and snow and hail and stuff get worse and
worse, his thoughts really turn towards
Brompton lozenges and lung tonic. Anyhow,
it’s silly to try and make love to a girl when
your nose is running, and all you can say to her
is something like, 14 By darlidg, you are the
bost charbidg dabsel id the world. Will
you barry be ? ”

  Even married men seem to suffer as much
from colds in the Spring as
single ones, which is
strange, when you consider
y-	how carefully their wives

  make them keep their
  woollen underthings on and
  wrap themselves up. But
  quite likely when a man
  suffers from matrimony it
  undermines his constitution
  and he tails an easy prey
  to any roving microbe.

  Consequently, when my
  young friend Cuthbert
  went to work the other
  morning with a bead that
  felt as though it was lull of

  “ In the spring

0	a young mans

1	fancy--”
Host {to guest who has done nothing but waste ammunition all day): ^ By the way, you re
not connected with the R.S.P.C.A. by any chance ?

Dissatisfied Customer {firing parting shot): “ You oughter be sandbagged with a pound

                              of your own sugar”
54

boiling water, a nose that was stopped up,
and a voice so hoarse i.hat «t- sounded like the
last notes of a gramophone a? the sprma runs
down, he was not surprised. He knew he’d
got his usual spring cold
Now the trouble about having a cold is that
it isn't only your cold You can't enjoy it
alone Everybody you meet wants to share
it with v'ou, and they ail know something
that will cure it. Mind you, they know only
specifics tor colds They never know the best
thing to do tor a floating kidney, or a loose
liver. But there are so many infallible >’ures
for a cold that one wonders why so many
people suffer from colds ali the time, unless
perhaps they go out and catch cold deliberately
so that they can practise
their cures
Anyhow, when Cuthbert
went into his boss and said,

“ Good bordidg, sir,” the
boss looked quite pleased,
and said “ Ah, Cuthbert, I
see you’ve got a cold.”

You would have thought
he was Sherlock Holmes
Then he went on, “ 1 know
a splendid thing for a cold,
my lad. Stay at home to-
night and rub your chest all
over with camphorated oil.”

  The typist, on the other
hand, didn't believe in cam-
phorated oil. She told Inm
to go home and eat plenty
of gruel with some paraffin in it. Cuthbert
thinks she said paraffin, although it might
have been paregoric.

  At lunch time a friend, of his said, “ There’s
only one thing co do with a cold. You want
to feed it.’ So Cuthbert fed it on a chop, a
steak, a portion of pork-pie, some jam-roil,
a slab of cake, a tea, a coffee, and a cocoa,
some cheese, and the back page of the menu,
which adhered to the cheese But later on
another man said you ought to starve a cold,
so Cuthbert starved it until tea-time.

  Meanwhile, the cold behaved like all colds.
It got worse, and then stayed the same, thank
you, until it got worse again tor a change.

\ I / /

A faint flavour of peppermint, when
he drank the camphorated oil.

Magazine

They say that a cold will last twenty-one
days if vou don’t do anything tor it. whereas,
on the other hand, if you have expert advice
it, lasts three weeks Cuthbert bad already
had enough advice to make it last sis months,
but there was more to come
Ht> sneezed the hat oti a man in the train,
and the man said the only remedy for a cold
was to eat a large raw onion He didn't say
how it cured the cold, but perhaps the idea is
that the sme'l chokes all the microbes, so that
they can’t breathe, and die of suffocation.

  By now Cuthbert was feeling so soiry for
himself that he was prepared to try anything,
and when the man next door met him at the
gate, Cuthbert got out a piece of paper and a
pencil ready to write down
the next certain cure. The
man next door said. ‘ Don't
you take any notice of the
silly things people say to
you. You take a bottle of
whisky to bed and drink it.
By and bv you either won’t
have any cold, or else you’ll
feci so happy that you won’t
care if you’ve got ten colds.”
This being so. Cuthbert
went into the dmmg-room
and sneezed a picture off
the wall. Then he turned
round, sneezed himself
backwards across the room
till he bumped his head on
the mantelpiece, and
knocked a vase into the fender Mrs. Cuthbert
came in, looked at him once, and said :

  “ Darling, you've got a cold.”

  He admitted it. It was of no use trying to
conceal it. He was sneezing the whitewash
off the ceiling. She made him go straight to
bed, while she prepared a mustard - plaster.
The idea of this is to draw the cold out She
put enough mustard in it to draw Uuthbert
himself out oi bed
Meanwhile, he found an onion, the whisky,
the camphorated oil, and most of the other
things he’d been told about. He meant to
try the lot and leave nothing to chance, there
might be several kinds of colds, and he didn't
                                   •‘•‘■"I'W ’jit r *

She: "I never thought you would dare to kiss me! " He: “ Well, there was a good
deal oj danger about it, so—er—I thousht wed better face it together.**

Heroic Person: “ Courage, sir. I'll have you out m a minute. Mean-
while, as it is possible that you will require a new suit, may I tender my
card ? I represent a well-known tailoring firm."
%e MroiSr *Maga2im

know which kind his was, but with luck he’d
cure ifc.

  He had eaten part of the onion when his
mother-in-law came up. She had called, and
had heard about his cold. Like everybody else,
she knew the right thing to do, and she’d
brought him some tablets made to a secret
specification of her own, although when she
had made him cat three, he could have guessed
what they contained. It was glue, ink, soap
coal, varnish, and mud. They blended beau-
tifully with the onion, but he found it im-
possible to taste the whisky, although he did
detect a faint flavour of peppermint when he
drank the camphorated oil. Of course, he
ought not to have drunk
that, but he was too far
gone now to worry. He
would have eaten the
mustard plasters, too, if
Mrs. Cuthbert hadn’t
stopped him.

  He had no cold left next
morning. The fact of the
matter was that he was
afraid to sneeze, in case he
met somebody else with
some further horrible
remedy to suggest.

  No man who is proud of
the name of Englishman
neglects to take his cold tub
every morning. It is
always called a tub, although it is really a
tin enamelled bath. When I say that he
takes a cold bath, he claims that he takes
it, anyway, although I have my own opinion.

  A cold bath is undoubtedly very good for
you. After you have taken your early morning
exercise, and opened your pores, your cold
bath shuts them again, so that you can have a
quick rub down and open them once more.
You may ask what is the use of all this opening
and shutting, and whether it wouldn’t save
trouble to leave the pores ajar, but the answer
is that all the best people do it.

  Moreover, your cold bath braces the nerves,
makes the circulation of the blood brisker,

So keep your clothes on while you have
your hath.

and increases the appetite; besides, in course
of time, it makes you go blue all over, and
stay blue, which is a very pretty effect if
you wear one of the latest pink shirts.

  Unfortunately a cold bath is not always
very pleasant. When you undress and stand
on the cold oilcloth, you feel that nothing on
earth could make you any colder. But there is
something that will. You put your foot in
the water. It freezes your foot. Your blood
turns to ice, and you can feel it, in little
pieces, all tinkling against each other as they
go through your veins. You breathe ice.
After having more or less wetted yourself
over, you try to wipe your self dry, but the
towel only makes you
wetter, until you give it up
and dress before you get
covered with a sheet of
ice. Then, as you get warm
again, you turn into one
large chilblain.

  All this, however, need
not happen if you take
your cold bath in an in-
telligent fashion. For ex-
ample. if the oilcloth feels
cold, take up the carpet
in the drawing-room, and
have a good coke fire built
somewhere in the bath-
room.

  Even now the water in
the bath will be cold—if
you’ve been fool enough to
turn on the cold tap.

  But why not fill it from the other one ?
It’s still a cold bath, only you’re using hot
water.

  Finally, you may still feel cold when you
undress, in which case, why undress ? Keep
your clothes on while you have your bath. I
admit that you will get them wet if you go
into the water. This being so, carry the
matter further and don a raincoat, or put up
an umbrella, that is if you re not superstitious.
But why get into the water, after all ?

  It’s only a matter of using common-sense, as
you can see

THE END.
AN AFTERNOON'S ENTERTAINMENT.

57

3 p.m.

3.3 p.m.

3.8 p.m.

3.10 p.m.

3.30 p.m.

4 p.m.

4.45 p.m.

4.50 p.m.

5 p.m.
  W Charm, sincerity, and laughter make this story one of the best yet

fymh MAY COEEMAfl

Many old tales there* are of
bold knights who did battle
for fair ladies and in strange
landcs. They slew fiery dragons
and with one blow felled an hundred villaines,
winning the captive maid from her tower
through the strength and potency of true
love.

  And to this day it is certain sure that true
love conquers all, though the frightening
dragons are subtly hid from mortal eye, and
the landscape holds no moated grange and
fretted tower, but only great painted sign-
boards flaunting themselves on hilltops where
once a castle might have stood.

  “ You are now two miles from Brentown,”
the billboard informed Henry Bryant, “ site
of the University of East Anglia. The town
was fortified in 1639 by a band of rebels led
by Giles Watt, and-

  But who can pause for prose when the road
winds like a poem between woodlands in full
leaf, and the cut-out, unforbidden, sings a
pasan to the slanting hills. Certainly not a
stern critic of ear performance who is perfectly
satisfied. Certainly not a young man, resplen-
dent in a suit of tweeds the Prince of Wales
might have envied, who has just received
another raise from the Dalmartin Motor Com-
pany and is on business bent.

  Henry had advanced by hard work from the
oil-mapped overalls of the mechanic to the
dusty sweater of the automobile road tester.
Now—thanks to his device for improving the
Dalmartin carburettor—he was rolling on
balloon tyres on the royal road called Easy
Street. For the last three months he had been

JJlustrated by

G1LLIS / touring the eastern counties, his

W1LSOM	^e P^easant one showing

          dealers and garage men how the
addition of a little gadget in-
vented by a bright young man would increase
Dalmartin mileage. Not work—-a holiday he
called it. Each day a fresh road ; each night
sound sleep in some pleasant country inn; no
worries; no regrets.

   For years Henry had had regrets. At the
time he had had to quit school he burned with
ambition to go to a university—to be a crack
football player, of course, and to become—
well, probably a lawyer. What chance had a
fellow without an education ? And for years
Henry had felt himself handicapped. Univer-
sity men, lawyers, professors, and such like
had a mysterious advantage. He felt abashed
in their presence and envious. For years the
ten magic letters, “ university,” staring at
him as now on the great billboard, would
have been sufficient to plunge him into gloom.

   But to-day Henry read the flashing sign
without a pang. It was a wholly happy young
man, who asked of heaven nothing more, that
the good citizens of Brentown beheld rolling
at lordly ease through their main thorough-
fare, sliding with silken exactness to a stop
just a car’s length beyond the petrol pump in
front of Carson’s garage.

   Here Henry was at once surrounded by a
group that included Sam Carson, his chief
mechanic, the mechanic’s helper, the freckle-
faced boy who tended the petrol tank, and
all the drivers not on duty, for Sam supplied
the town’s taxi service. And after Henry’s
work of art—just take a look at the present
LOVE CONQUERS ALL

59

Dalmartin carburettor if you don't believe it
deserves the title—had been viewed in and
out of action, had been taken apart and put
together by every one of them, they stood
about for a while and gossiped. Oh, about

cars, of course ! What else 011 earth is there ?
They inspected Henry s Special Six in
detail. They, followed him as he made the
rounds ot the cars m the garage, one by one,
as a liorseman does a stable. They opened up

  A delightful vision in a dress
of heavens own blue, and
crowned With a wide-brimmed
halo. A halo in Henry's eyes.
60

%e	Magazine

the hood of an old chain-drive Mirador and
looked over its mighty pre-war cylinder block,
their eyes beaming with worshipful admira-
tion that mechanics have for a noble piece of
machinery. They respectfully watched Henry
turn over the engine, for there’s a knack about
cranking these old cars. And then, with rapt
attention of a concert audience, they all
listened a while blissfully to the exhaust.

  At last Henry and Sam strolled to the outer
doorway to talk out the finale of their business,
Henry with a large smudge on his left cheek
and another round his right eye because he
had forgotten that his hands were covered
with that composition of grease, oil, carbon,
and road dust which garages seem able to
produce in inexhaustible quantities. But this
was Henry’s native element, you might say,
and a happier person you couldn’t have found
in all Norfolk or Suffolk as he stood idly
watching the sun peer through the avenue of
over-arching trees that marked the beginning
of the residence section.

  And then a funny thing happened : Henry
saw a vision! Advancing through the pat-
terned light and shade she came, a most
unusual, delightful apparition in a dress oi
heaven’s own blue and crowned with a wide-
brimmed halo—no, a hat, of course—that shed
a golden radiance over the sweetest, demurest,
most adorable face in the world.

  Now, the hat was an old one which had done
duty many summers, as Ann Forrester could
have told you. And the dress was a faded blue
chambray made by Aunt Geneva in the simple
style she was mistress of. Ann always wore
such frocks because—oh, because Aunt Geneva
made them and because Ann’s father, Pro-
fessorForrester,received a monthly stipend that
couldn’t be stretched beyond—oh, well, what
did clothes matter, anyway ? Especially to a
girl who read Latin and Greek as fast as most
people read movie captions, who divided her
time between the university lecture room and
the library at home, and who had only to
open a book to wear robes of splendour in
whatever fashion and clime she fancied. Who
could become ‘k divinely fair ” or “ with hair
like the raven’s wing,” according to her mood.

  This delightful arrangement, however, kept

Ann from any great satisfaction when she
looked in the mirror. Her nose was strrght,
what there was of it. Her lips were red, her
eyes were blue, like the roses and violets of
the old rhyme. And, thank Heaven, her eye*
lashes weren’t so short and sandy that you
couldn’t see them, like Sarah Kimball’s. But,

compared to what might have been-

  No, of course, Ann never dreamed that,
by merely walking down Brentown High
Street on a summer’s afternoon, she made
the blue sky seem bluer to Henry Bryant,
and the sunlight brighter and brighter,
culminating in a burst of brilliance as she
stopped at the garage door where he and
Sam Carson were standing.

  “ Will you send a cab. Mr. Carson ? ” said
Ann. “ I’m going to Belton this afternoon.”
“ To visit your Aunt Emily ? ”

  Ann nodded. And, conscious of Henry’s
eyes on her, she looked up at him. Which
made Sam say:

  “ Miss Forrester—Mr. Bryant of the
Dalmartin Company.”

  “ How do you do ? ” said Henry, putting
out his hand and then quickly snatching it
back again.

  “ Oh. you ought to see your face! ” said
Sam, laughing out loud.

  And Aim had to smile.

  But Henry didn’t up and turn the joko
back on Sam, or excuse himself to Ann, or pull
out his initialed linen handkerchief and ask
her for a bit of help tidying up. as he would
have done with most girls. He just stood
there looking at Ann. not saying a word.
How could he speak when his mind was racing
like an engine gone mad. whirling and hurry-
ing with thoughts — strange, wonderful
thoughts, like music which couldn’t be put
into words ?

  “ Going on the five o’clock ? ” said Sam to
Ann.

  “ Yes. There’ll be a trunk. It’s little, but
it’s heavy.”

  “ Full o’ books I ” pronounced Sam know-
ingly. “ Got to expect that from Professor
Forrester’s daughter.”

  “ Professor Forrester’s daughter ? ” Henry
stammered in a funny, choking voice.
LOVE CONQUERS ALL

61

  “ And well-nigh as smart as her dad right
now, from what I heard up at the University.
She'll be t.akm’ his job away from him one o’
these days1 ”

  Ann smiled at this pleasantry. Then with a
nod of good bye to Sam. and the fleetest
glance and the quickest little tilt of the head
to Henry, on down the street she sped to
Fantle’s grocery shop where she had to get a
dozen fruit-jar rings for Aunt Geneva.

  There wasn’t the slightest need for haste.
But so fast Ami hurried you might have
thought her* little black slippers were running
away with her So fast was her heart beating
and so hot and flushed were her cheeks,
that Mr Fantle warned her against sunstroke,
and cautioned her to keep on the shady side
of the street

  And this Ann did, the whole long, round-
about way home. She felt that she would
rather die than walk back past Carson’s
garage. At the same time she felt she would
die if she didn’t. And. strange, considering
the heat of the day. she climbed the hill twice.
Yes, when almost at the top she turned, and
was three turnings back toward town before
she turned again and slowly retraced her steps.

  Strange, too, that the visit to Aunt Emily’s
farm, to which she always looked forward
every year, should suddenly seem unnecessary,
and interminable. A whole week ‘ And, my,
the time it took her to finish packing that
little trunk, though all she had to do was to'
lay in four freshly ironed dresses. . Such
terrible home-made looking clothes ; With a
certain violence, she suddenly took all the
books out of the trunk, so that the despicable
garments need not be crushed.

  For an hour she stood at the window,
though Aunt Geneva assured her the taxi
wasn’t due for full fifty-five minutes. When
it finally came, and father and Aunt Geneva
bade her have a good trne. her smile was as
forced as those ancient martyrs who made
merry while being boiled m oil. And atter she
got on the train, she cned.

  Those who carp at feminine lack of logic
should observe the more reasonable behaviour
of tne male; Henry. When Ann disappeared
round the corner he dashed back into the

garage. After one minute sixteen seconds’
intimate association with soap-suds, he
dashed out to his car and immediately
smudged his hands getting screw-dnver and
pliers out ot the tool-box.

  There was nothing to prevent the lordly
young man. who had driven into Brentown but
an hour ago, from standing cool and clean
in the doorway waiting tor a pretty girl to
repass the garage. Indeed, he had done just
that little thing many a time, and had
enjoyed being kidded about the peach. •

  But the lordly young man had vanished.
Though he looked no different to the envious
eyes of the boy who tended the petrol tank,
the resplendent tweeds now clothed a humble,
despairing wretch who felt that he dare not
profane a vision by being seen watching for
her. and who would have knocked down any
man who referred to her as a peach.

  Doggedly he worked in the hot sun, attack-
ing bolts that couldn’t be made any tighter,
and screws that wouldn’t turn another milli-
meter. From time to time Sam Carson
commiserated with him upon getting hung up
all the afternoon; recommended rolling the
car inside; begged to assist Henry in his
labours. Sam's offers were of no avail. Henry
did not budge until he was sure that Ann
could not possibly pass Carson’s garage and
still catch the five o’clock train.

  Then he accomplished his departure with a
convincing exhibition of speed. Thirty-five
seconds of shouted farewells blended with the
roar of the cut-out. He had the car up to
sixty by the end of the High Street and
skidded the corner as only professionals
can. Henry’s admirers in the garage doorway
presaged that he couldn’t help but make
Lowestoft by six o'clock.

  Out of their sight, Henry kicked off the cut-
out and headed for the station All he wanted
from Ann was a glance, if not ot approval, of
tolerance merely permission to inhabit
territory that brought her within his range of
vision. But a hundred yards from the station
panic seized him the panic of a gambler for
whom the stakes are so high he dare not risk,
the chance ot loss. Diving down an alley,
Henry deserted the car and—hidden in the
62

%e f&JBJJK® Magazine,

shadow on the far side of the goods-shed—he	truck, saw her get o2. She was greeted by a

mournfully watched Ann get on the train for	plump, red-cheeked woman, who was probably

Belton. .	Aunt Emily, and whisked away in an old

  He then burned up the Belton road, beat	Ford driven by a boy in overalls.

Ann’s train in and, concealed behind a goods-	Instead of asking the station-master Aunt
Emily's last name and where she lived, Henry
elaborately inquired the way to the Beltorf
garage, though he had already noted it on
his way through town. There, in a rambling
conversation, he achieved, after some hours,
the information he sought without any direct
questions,

  Twice he was along the road to Aunt Emiles
farm and turned back. The third time he
passed it. The house was dark, but his search-
light verified the name on the letter-box.
At eleven o’clock, supperless, ho started for
Lowestoft.

  By half-past four the next afternoon he

LOVE CONQUERS ALL
   MEEW Magazine

was back in Belton. This time the Dalmartin
Sis, without hesitation, with, perhaps, a
certain desperation, swung off the highway
and took the rougher roads with unslacked
speed, skimming the hills on high like a
thoroughbred hound. It was a crime against
magnificent car performance for Henry to
apply the brakes when he did.

  Jumping out, he unscrewed the radiator
cap. A cloud of steam issued forth. Was it
possible that he had forgotten to put in
water? Nothing for it, he must ask at
the nearest house for a bucketful!

  As he advanced between the whitewashed
stones that marked the path to the front door,
Ann appeared on the porch.

  “ Why, Miss Forrester! ” said Henry,
with a great show of surprise.

  “ Why, Mr. Bryant! ” said Ann, and she,
too, was terribly surprised.

   I—a—run out of water.”

  The steam, obligingly ascending heaven-
ward, bore Henry witness.

  “ I—a—Ann almost said, “ was stand-
ing at the window,” but she would rather
have cut out her tongue than admit that. I
heard you stop all of a sudden.”

  “ Marvellous brakes on these cars,” Henry
assured her. “ Four wheel, internal expand-
ing drums, special Dalmartin fabric lining.
I’d like to show—if you could spare the
time—that is, right now.”

  This, Ann understood, was an invitation
to go for a ride. Though how could she
mistake it with Henry’s eyes beseeching,
pleading, humbly imploring ? And how could
Henry think that she wasn’t going when
Ann’s blue eyes gave answer in the sweetest,
shyest glance ? But he was like a drowning
man until he heard her words.

  “ 1 can’t go far,” said Ann, a little breath-
lessly. “ Supper’s almost ready. I’d better
get my hat.” She paused with her hand on
the knob of the screen door. “ You want
a bucket of water, don’t you ? ”

  “ Seems to have cooled o€,” said Henry,
who ieit that the slightest delay was perilous.
ss I can fill it up when we get back.”

  After Ann explained to Aunt Emily that it
wan only Mr. Bryant—everybody knew him

in Brentown—and that, of course, she’d be
back for supper, she came out in her old
shady hat, and pink chambrav dress looking
as cool as a dewy tea rose. Henry meshed
the gears with his customary velvet touch.
But a thermometer under either of their
tongues would have registered high fever.

  Aunt Emily watched them out of sight,
thinking what a good time folks have nowa-
days. Little could she fathom the misery
that can be compressed in half an hour.

  Though there was not four inches between
them. Henry could not believe that Ann had
actually come with him. Ann couldn’t believe
that Henry actually wanted her in the
car. They seemed to have lost the art of
speech. Anything they could think of to say
seemed far too tame and uninteresting to
offer for the consideration of such an extra-
ordinary being as the other.

  Henry risked mining the car, for he had
purposely well-nigh drained the radiator. But
stopping seemed to involve dire and frightful
consequences, as though Ann would utterly
disappear if he left her to go into some farm-
house for water. Lest he commit the un-
pardonable sin of not getting Ann back in
time for supper, he kept a hectic eye on the
dashboard clock. Ann, noticing this, immedi-
ately concluded that he was sorry he had
asked her to ride and was anxious to get it
over with.

  So, as if pursued by demons, they tore
through miles of beautiful scenery which
neither of them saw. And—though Henry
distinctly said that the car wasn’t tuned up,
but he’d show Ann what it would do if she
could possibly spare the time to-morrow, and
though Ann distinctly stated that she could
spare the time—they parted with the leeling
that they had not heard aright and would
probably never see each other again.

 The next day-

  “ Oh, how do you do, Mr. Bryant.” said
Ann, so casually formal that no one could
suspect her of actually wanting to see him.
She had been teased by Aunt Emily and her
cousins. And she knew they were all listening
at the window.

  “ When we get back. Aunt Emily would be
LOVE CONQUERS ALL

63

glad if you will stay for supper,” she con-
tinued, issuing Aunt Emily’s friendly in-
vitation quite unwillingly. Henry, Ann felt,
was used to far more pretentious affairs than a
farmhouse supper. She was terrified, too, that
her cousins might continue their jokes in
his presence.

  ” I have a dinner engagement with one of
the Dalmartin dealers.” Henry said, speaking
not one word of truth. He could see Aunt
Emily inspecting him through the lacecurtains.
And in a chill of fear he hurried Ann to the
car before this sharp-eyed relative could have
time to note all his unworthiness. The after-
noon netted forty miles of desperate efforts at
conversation.

  And thus it went through a whole week of
increasing torture.

  Ann cried every night because she was such
an ordinary looking person, and had such
terrible clothes, and hadn’t ever been any-
where, and couldn’t talk about anything.

  Henry became worn and haggard as the
mileage on his speedometer piled up, driving
to Lowestoft each night, covering the towns
in that vicinity each morning on business
and returning to Belton by mid-afternoon.
He could have had a few days’ holiday for
the asking. Or he could have invented excuses
that he had to take down the engine, that he
was going fishing with a customer who might
be important. But his imagination endowed
the Dalmartin company with the power to
see through any subterfuge. At all costs,
they must not know. Must not know what ?
A pretty girl in the car with him was no news,
surely.

  But, obeying an unreasoning urge for
secrecy, he performed prodigies of speed and
endurance merely to keep anyone from
suspecting that he said, “ How do you do,
Miss Forrester. Nice day, isn’t it ? ” and that
half an hour or so later he heard, “ Thank yon
so much, Mr. Bryant. It was a lovely ride.”

  True, there was one afternoon when in
just another minute they would have been
calling each other “ Ann ” and “ Henry.”
They had stopped for some field flowers
because Ann had said, “ Oh, aren’t they
lovely ! ” and Henry, “ Want some I ” jam-

ming on the brakes. There were blackberry
brambles to be held aside, low walls for Ann
to be helped across, and a little brook with
stepping stones.

  Constraint seemed to vanish as they
wandered in the meadow where the growing
things were gently happy in the sunshine.
They became natural and at ease as they
gathered the white and gold daisies, yarrow
with scented leaves, furry spikes of mullen,
thistle, and milkweed that must be captured
warily.

   With laden arms they still lingered, sharing
the little excitement of the scene—an ant
climbing a blade of grass, a spider escaping
by a swiftly spun rope, a humming bee
poised over a belated wild rose. Branches of
wild honeysuckle they stole from the butter-
flies and stalks of rose red clover from the
bees—the sleek, treasure hoarding honey
bees which ancient poets celebrate in many
a noble line. As Ann watched an eager
robber bun-owing into the very blossoms in
her hand, she commended him with a lino
from Theaeritus.

    What language was that ? ” asked Henry
abruptly.

  “ Greek,” said Ann, abashed at Henry’s
tone and the look of strange intensity in his
eyes.

  In a flash the sense of happy intimacy was
gone.

  “ He must think I’m crazy.” Ann told
herself. “ People don’t go around quoting
things every minute like father.”

  And she bemoaned her life in the narrow
confincs of a little university town, her lack
of social experience in the great outside
world from which Henry came.

  How could she know that her chance words
came as an interdiction, a reminder that
she was a being from that magic sphere which
had been denied to Henry, the thought of
which, now a thousandfold, plunged him in
the depths of despair ? How could Ann know
her loveliness so comparable with her burden
of flowers—the sweet gravity of her eyes,
the sunset flush on her cheeks, the rosy
freshness of her lips.

  Because Henry so longed to take her in his

£
9Ae	Magazine

arms, he guided her across the low
wall with distant courtesy. Because Ann
bo rejoiced in his touch, she quickly drew her
unwanted hand from his lest it betray her.
Bo deep was their humility and so high their
pride that they held themselves stiffly apart.

  That night, when the rest of the
foouse slept, Ann stared up into the
dark with tear-flooded eyes, and
wished she were dead. And Henry
drove his car with savage ferocity,
wondering whether he could make a
good, clean smash of it if he headed
straight for a tree.

  With aching heads on the morrow
they started for Bren town, site of
the East Anglican University. Ann
was going home. Henry, by his
own request, was taking her thither.

The end of the week had come,
the end of Ann’s visit to Aunt
Emily, the end, obviously, of
everything.

  With concentrated speed and
directness, Henry drove to his doom.

He feared Professor Forrester; that
mild, impractical scholar seemed to
him, not an ogre, but a cold,
justifiable off-with-his-head kind of
judge. He feared the professor’s
house; its very walls would pro-
claim him as an alien. He feared
Aunt Geneva; she, clearly, showed
herself to be in league with Aunt
Emily against him. Aunt Geneva
had invited him to tea.

  A letter Ann had received only
that morning bade her be sure to
ask Mr. Bryant to stop for tea
after their long ride. Timidly Ann
made the suggestion, explaining
that, while her father always had
Sunday teas during the regular
university term for his students, this would
be a much nicer, tea than usual. Aunt
Geneva had written that some of the summer
school faculty would be present.

  Engrossed with this added horror, Henry
gave undivided attention to the road. Ann
stared fixedly at the scenery to keep from

crying. Plainly enough, the best she had to
offer, a faculty tea, was ol no interest to
Henry.

  Side by side, impersonal as strangers in
the enforced companionship oi a train, they
completed the ghastly journey. Ann, with a

brave show of indifference, led the way up
the pansy-bordered walk. Henry quite as
nonchalantly held open the low porch-door
that would soon be closed to him lor "ever.
With Spartan heroism they entered the
living room.

  Lined from floor to ceiling with books, it
LOVE CONQUERS ALL

67

had the mellow charm, ease, and usage.
Professor Forrester, thin and stooped, was
distinguished by that look of other worldli-
ness which marks the scholar. The group of
men to whom Henry was introduced were
all “ professors ” or “ dons.”

  Ann saw only the shabby rug, threadbare
and faded; the miscellany of worn chairs;
her father’s thin locks awry; and that Albert,
the professor’s assistant, had not—failing
the reminders of his wife who was away
visiting his mother-remembered to change

his shirt. She sank: on a low stool near her
father, leaving the remaining rocking-chair for
Henry.

  Picture, if you can, Daniel in the lion’s den
in a rocking-chair! That was Henry, en-
deavouring to appear at ease with the lions—
no, the professors, of
course—who tried po-
litely to include him
in their conversation.
It was the shop talk of
scholars, talk of books.
A recent analysis of
Confucius by a French-
man. A new Swedish
survey of philosophy.
A treatise on ancient
industries by a German
colleague whose de-
ductions called forth a
counterflood of refer-
ences, long citations in
Greek and Latin. And
in Sanskrit!

  Henry, avoiding the
glances that invited
him to participate in
rending this author
limb from limb, lis-
tened in defenceless
silence,

  Ann, too, was silent,
feeling herself trapped
by things with which
she had no concern.
These trivialities of
times long. past—how
had she even thought
they mattered ? Quib-
bles about dead words,
dead customs, people
who had been dead
these many hundred
Because Henry so y®ars- ^er father and
longed to take her in his his friends she saw
arms, he guided Ann now»for the first time>
across the low wall with tlie eyes of the
with distant courtesy, undergraduates who
called them “old
fossils.” Ann had
68

%e MMMf Magazine

always felt superior to that crowd. But they
were right They lived in the present. And
she might have learned from them—learned
how to dress, to be attractive, and to talk
of something ot interest to a man of the world
like Henry. Now, alas' it was too late.
Henry looked bored to extinction. He had
not said a word.

  What could Henry say % Apropos of a
new history ot trade and colonisation by some
hyphenated professor he could scarcely remark
that it was a nice day. Yet those fiendish
professors kept turning to him oftener and
oftener as they disagreed with each other
about the average Englishman's ideas on
Roman colonisation. The two right and left
of Henry fought a battle almost in his lap,
both fairly yammering at him to confirm
arguments which the other wouldn’t admit
concerning modern colonising in Africa and
South America. Here, at least, were names
Henry recognised.

  “ But the way they jump on that author
who must know a little something, what
would they do to a yellow who knows nothing
but the names1 ”

  With despairing eyes he renounced Ann,
sitting so coldly aloof—mortified, undoubtedly,
at his exhibition of ignorance. And his heart
sank lower, if possible, as he heard her crisply
supply her father with a date he asked her
help in recalling.

  “ Good-bye, Miss Forrester, good-bye. I
will never forget you.”

  But those weren’t the words he was saying.
For suddenly he found himself speaking.
Yes, talking right out with assurance and
authority 1 Dominating the conversation!

  The discussion had veered to early forti-
fications of the eastern counties and the
mingled races of our ancestry—English,
Welsh, Danes—even Germans.

  “ There were early evidences of bi-racial
characteristics in the sixteenth century re-
bellions." said Professor Forrester. " I forget
the year.”

  “ Sixteen-thirty-nine,” Henry heard him-
self announcing. He could see the curve in
the road and the great signboard with its
black and red letters standing before him.

“ You are now two miles from Brentown, site
of the University of East Anglia. The town
was fortified in sixteen-thirty-nine by a band

of rebels led by Giles Watt-” And Henry

went on.

Ranging the whole of the eastern counties
which he had just travelled, he read towns,
dates and facts from the billboards that
flashed in procession through his excited
mind. He would have gone on indefinitely, not
knowing how to stop, had not Aunt Geneva
entered through a door near him with a laden
tea-tray.

Henry sprang up gallantly and took it
from her. And there was a general stir to
proffer chairs and to arrange the tea-table in
Aunt Geneva’s preferred corner.

“ I envy you your retentive memory
for dates,” Professor Forrester told Henry,
“ They usually escape me.”

“ You specialise in English history 1 ”
asked Professor Hampton.

“ No,” said Henry truthfully, yet fully
aware he was heightening his triumph.

Carefully he placed the tea-tray before Aunt
Geneva, who thanked him with her placid,
kindly smile.

Then quickly he crossed the room to Ann.
She stood in a corner folding the cover which
adorned the tea-table when not in hos-
pitable use. Quickly, quickly, for there was
not a moment to lose, Henry bent down and
spoke low in her ear.

“ Will you marry me ? ” he said.

Ann looked up at him, astonished, un-
believing.

“ If—if you want me to,” she faltered, her
blue eyes searching his face.

“ No, no. You mustn’t! ” said Henry.

He couldn’t trick those trusting eyes with
a bluff. He wasn’t Ann’s sort. He wasn’t
good enough for her. He couldn’t let her make
such an awful mistake.

“ I—I’ve got to tell you the truth. I’ve got
to explain.”

He pulled Ann toward the door, the table
cover trailing between them, and down the
porch steps to the car.

Though his hand was tight on Ann’s wrist,
she thought he was going to leave her.
LOVE CONQUERS ALL

69

“Don’t go away,” she sobbed softly.
“ Oh, don’t go away ! ”

 Aunt Geneva peered out of the window.
 And, seeing them get in the car, she came
 out on the porch.

“Aren’t you going to have your tea?”
she called.

 But the Dalmartin sis carried them gallantly
 out of danger.

 Past mocking university buildings. Past
 houses with prying eyes. To a tree-sheltered
 road in the woods.

There Ann and Henry discovered that the
terrible, perilous week was indeed over. They
had lived through desperate days and through
nights of despair. They had overcome in-
surmountable obstacles, had foiled stratagems
and plots.

At last they were safe—close in each
other’s arms.

True love, as is well known, conquers all.
Well, well!

THE END-

]0Y: “THAT'S MONTY ALL DRESSED UP TO KILL!'
%e	Magazine

A

  By NELSON JACKSON

(The wU'known and witty entertainer at the piano.)

*

 I

    OFTEN look bark and think what a glorious
group of performers were the artists who
composed the Carl Rosa company. I have
had the honour of appearing at concerts with
such stars of the Rosa Company as Marie
Roze, Georgina Burns, Barton McGuckin,
Leslie Crotty, Alec Marsh, and Lempriere
Pringle. All great artists and great Bohe-
mians. Among the stars of a former era with
whom the writer has been associated on the
concert stage were Signor Foii the glorious
basso. (His real name was Foley, and he
came from Cork.) Also Sir Charles Santley,
Mesdames Belle Cole and Albani. Zeiie de
Lussan, and that superb baritone William
Ludwig. (He also came from Ireland, and
his real name was, I believe, Ledwich.) I
also toured with the original Meister Glee
Singers. They may have been excelled since
(which T doubt), but they were quite in a
class of their own in those days. And I had
the proud distinction of appearing with Dame
Clara Butt when she was a slim slip of a girl.
She is greater in every way now, but is still
the same very charming woman. Well—
well—those were great days.

  Just after the last Boer War, I made a
single-handed tour of the four colonies ol
South Africa, doing a show lasting two and a
quarter hours. I had four different pro-
grammes of this length without repeating an
item. All 1 required was a platform and a
piano. People loved a one-man show those
days. They don’t now—worse luck. I am
a peaceful and law-abiding citizen. I don’t
state this as a merit, but as a fact. Also, it
is quite hereditary, and so I cannot help it.
I just wanted to stop in England and abide
by the law. 1 loathe travelling. Scenery
and cathedrals are thrown away on me. I
have never climbed a mountain, and have no

intention of doing so. I am easy-going by
nature. London with its sights, sounds, and
smells is good enough for me. I regard all
other places as suburbs. Therefore, to go on
tour in South Africa was a monumental
exertion tor me to undertake. I did not want
to go to South Africa, and said so repeatedly.
But kind and misguided friends insisted that
it was a land flowing with milk and honey.
They told me that there were crocks of gold
to be had for the mere picking up. So I
went. I sailed in one of the Union Castle
boats. I will not name it, as I do not wish
to make the other boats jealous. Let me
warn the intending exile never to be lured on
to the “ Entertainments Committee ” of a
liner en route to anywhere. Believe me, it’s
a mug’s game. It is a game for good-natured
idiots of which I am a gold medallist. From
the second day of the voyage, I can honestly
say I never had a moment’s peace. I was
elected entertainments manager with full
powers. This meant that I was to do all the
dirty work and the committee were to get all
the credit. The talent available on board
was of the most limited dimensions. Several
people were not only willing but anxious to
do their worst to amuse. And they did it.
We had one performer from dear old Ber-
mondsey (and the steerage) who recited reels
and reels of Shakespeare. His greatest effort
was from “ King John.” It was thrilling to
hear the musical accents of Bermondsey
declaiming, “ ’Eat me these hyons ’ot.”
There were those who sang comic songs of
the questionable type to vamped accompani-
ments, and some of the vamping effects were
weird in the extreme. We had a passionate
baritone who trilled the songs of Frank
Lambert and Guy d ‘Hardelot. Those syrupy,
meaningless, hot-pressed little lyrics ending
A CLOWN IN MUFTI

71

on the dominant seventh, He usually cracked
on the dominant which relieved the tension
somewhat. Altogether, the concerts were a
failure for which I was, of course, blamed.
They were not even bad enough to be good,
if you understand what I mean. Then, again
(as the parsons say) I was dragged into all the
idiotic deck games that passengers are sup-
posed to enjoy. I was skelped hip and thigh
with hard coir-yarn cricket balls. I was
trussed up to undergo that horrible form of
torture known as cock-fighting. I was bifed
off booms with bolsters, banged on the bald
spot with sandbags in the peculiarly devilish
game called “ are you there ?55 I always
was. The inventor of this pastime deserves a
special oven in the future life. I repeat that
those who join the “ Entertainment Com-
mittee ” on any liner bound for anywhere are
simply asking for it. However, a voyage,
whatever its length, comes to an end at last,
and 1 received one tribute at least from an
approving soul. It appeared in the
“ Journal ” which was printed and published
on board. It was in what purported to be
verse. I append the lines exactly as they
appeared. There is a rugged virility about

the workmanship which appeals. Also, the
metre is a little unusual.

Ode to Nelson Jackson, Esq.

 Mr. Nelson Jackson is a smart young man.
 His coon songs, etc., were cleverly sang.

 The recitals of Jac&son were the best on the
 list,

And I know that he’d beat Hamlet right
into fits.

 Now this gentleman Jackson’s been the life
 of the ship.

 If it had not been for him we should all have
 been asleep.

 So with three hearty cheers we’ll cheer him
 to-night,

 And thank him sincerely for his coon songs
 so bright.

 There it is exactly as it appeared. As the
 Americans say, “ can you beat it ? 5> The
 reference to Hamlet is cryptic, and I never
 sang a coon song in my life. I’ll tell you
 more about South Africa next month, the
 Editor permitting.

 (We’ll think it over.-—Editor.)

CHOICE

When I see Dilys cross the street
With eager hastening little feet,

I think life’s sun would brighter shine
If darling Dilys could be mine.

When I see sweet Clarissa row,

I think life’s biggest thrill I’d know

If we for ever in a boat

A-down life’s placid stream could float.

When I watch Phcebe charleston round,

I	think no greater bliss be found,

Than having her, with all her charms,

For ever dancing in my arms.

But I’m an ordinary man
Who wants the best from life he can,

And so I give my heart to Rose,

Who smiles, and cooks, ard mends my clothes 1

Heather Gwynne,
72 This month's American story by an American author. Unusual in tone,,
               and alive with the spirit of laughter and youth.

i	^ 17 /aBBSff fl	/ III I mean a row later; and she wasn t,

       11	1 iliilSr if IMmmlJl/, I m ! she thought, up to facing even the
!. Cllil /IBl K mil! Iff prospect of a row.

/' lllll |lll ill Mi I ml! m was par^>

'4LIlHKw\ It? mlvLmUim	somehow, had beaten her. She

M HI i i	rillik loathed it, but its ironic contrast to

ffifrSPTO J||' J UK ;/11/ Wi	the way she’d been living for the

!1> jft WHlItffiiTif	^ year, and seemed likely to

- 'lllllf /have to keep on living, had been
q ? I 1 ill’ ^£*sa*Be3:‘ too much for her. She’d managed
J w| l| y	j	to get away for a few minutes, and

I liif I	I)	she sat and smoked a cigarette on

I® j	a bench hidden away in a clump

of white birches from which she

Sally Huston wanted to go home, but could keep an eye on things with a fair
she couldn’t. Not possibly. Not for chance of not being seen herself until she was
horns yet. Not unless she walked to rested,
the station, five miles away. And even if she Sally didn’t like her aunt, but she had to
grew desperate enough to do that, it would admit that this was a good show. There’d
KEEP YOUR EYE ON THE BALL

73

Peter looked up and grinned at
Sally. Then he saw his father,
and the grin was frozen into a
grimace of sheer horror.

been a perfectly marvellous lunch out of
doors, and people were wandering around
now. waiting for the golf to begin, looking
the place over.

  Hordes of nice people, beautifully dressed,
gay and cheerful, vivid, colourful. Half a
mile of Westchester real estate, with a stone
wall around it, worth incalculable sums in
terms of building lots. Eighteen of Mr.
Devereux Emmett’s very choicest holes for a
private golf course, with greens gleaming
like emeralds and traps full ot sea sand as
white as snow, brought in lighters and trucks
from Long Island, and hang the expense!
And the house rising above the trees, grey
stone, looking really, Sally was obliged to

contess, like the
French chateau its
architect had copied.

 “ Listen-”

  Sally turned with
a start. There was
a young man. She
hadn’t heard him
come up. He looked
worried, but very
nice, Sally thought.
She didn’t know him,
which was, that day,
a point very much
in his favour. She
smiled at him before
she quite knew she
was doing it.

 “Hallo!” said
Sally.

  “Hallo!” he said
seemingly reheved3
“ Look here, tell me
—who’s giving this
party, and why ?55

  “ But, good grief,
don’t you know?”
she said.

 “Would I be
asking you if I did ?
Be yourself, lady;
there’s no time to
be lost, tell me.”

 '■*'	“ oil,” said Sally,

“ it’s my aunt. At least, she’s not really my
aunt. She’s my real aunt’s husband’s second
wife.”

  “ I see,” he said, “ quite. But do you
mind if we go into that some other time ?
About how many wives your uncle had,
I mean ? What’s the woman’s name, and
why is she giving this show ? ”

  “ Becausc she wanted to, I suppose,”
said Sally.

  “ I wish you’d stop trying to be funny,”
the young man said crossly. “ Haven’t you
any concentration at all ? Keep your eye
on the ball! What’s her name, and is this a
garden-party, or is Lindbergh going to fly
over, or what ? ”
?4	ffie MOT

  “ Oh, now I sec what you mean,” said
Sally. “ My aunt’s name is Mis. Madden, and
it’s just a party to celebrate this new golf
course. They’re going to have mixed four-
somes-”

  “ My heavens! ” said the young man.

  Sally thought he’d have turned pale if he
hadn’t been too sunburned to make that
practicable.

  “And, you see, her daughter—her step-
daughter, I mean, my cousin-”

  “ You know,” he said, “ I think your
family tree’s extraordinarily interesting and
all that; but that’s not the point just now,
is it ? Madden, eh ? Mrs. Madden. What’s
she wearing ? How do I know her when I
see her ? ”

  “ Bl-black and white voile !55 Sally gasped.
u A large white hat.”

  “ Good ! Tall, short, thin, fat 2 ”

 “ In between,” said Sally. Quite—
quite nice-looking; her hairs white.”

  “ Good ! ” said the young man. “ You
see, if you just concentrate, you’re all right.”
And off he rushed.

  Sally arose and followed him. She didn’t
want to go home any more, not until she
found out what this young man wanted.

  In a minute she found out. Her aunt
was introducing him to Marjorie Romer,
and the young man who’d been with Marjorie,
looking incredulous but happy, was fading
away swiftly in the direction of a debutante
who had five men already, but was perfectly
capable of handling another.

  “ Well-” said Sally to herself; then she

smiled wickedly.

  All that simply because he had wanted to
meet Marjorie!

  Wild horses couldn’t have dragged Sally
away now. Her behaviour was entirely
shameless. Deliberately she watched the
two of them. The young man started in to
talk to Marjorie breathlessly, but he didn’t
get very far. Before long it was Marjorie
who talked. Sally saw varying expressions
come and go in the young man’s eyes—doubt,
curiosity, suspicion, desperation. Sally bided
her time. At what seemed to her the right
moment, she struck. All she did was wander

l Magazine

into the line of the young man’s vision. She
wanted to see what would happen.

  She did. He saw her, looked at her; looked
at her again to make sure. Then he turned
and paid concentrated attention to Marjorie.
Ruthlessly, at what, Sally was sure, was his
first chance, he broke in, accompanying his
words with a wide, free gesture. Then he
bowed and turned away, and came straight
to Sally.

  “ Hallo ! ” he said. “ Wondering where
you were, I was.” He took out his hand-
kerchief and wiped his forehead. “ My good
gosh, I ought to have known there’d be a
catch ! But how can you tell that a girl who
looks like that’s going to talk like someone
reading a guide book out loud ? Anything
you’d like to know about the English lakes
or the chateau country in France \ ”

  “ No, thanks,” said Saily. “ But, please,
I’d love to know the plot.”

  “ Plot ? ” he said." “ Plot ? ” Then he
smiled a slow smile that grew into a grin.
“ Oh, well! Driving along, just so-so. Got
held up somewhere. That girl in the next car
—with a man. Fell for her. Fell hard. Turned
in here, after them—saw it was a party, you
see. Came in. Thought there’d be someone I
knew. Never saw so many people I didn’t
know all at oiie time.”

  Saily just listened.

  “ Barged aroimd. Beginning to feel ner-
vous. Tried to make this girl. Thought she
gave me a glass eye. Tried to spot hostess.
No go. Lots of old girls looked as if they
might be hostesses. You know.”

  Sally did.

  “ It’s not funny,” he complained. *.* That’s
your trouble, though. No seriousness of pur-
pose. Chap can’t count on you. Got to know
hostess’ name if you’re crashing the gate at a
party, haven’t you ? ”

  “ I—I suppose it is a help! ” said Saily.

  “ Of course. Elementary, that is. Come
on. Let’s go.”

  “ Go \ ” said Sally, startled. “ Go where ? ”
  “ I don’t care ! ” he said. “ Away. That’s

all. You-” He looked alarmed. “ You

don’t live here, do you ?55
  “ No,” she said. “ I live in New York,”
KEEP YOUR EYE ON THE BALL

75

  “ Good,” h'1 said. “ So do I. Drive you
down. Have dinner somewhere.”

  “ Oh, I oughtn’t—all right—let’s! ” said
Sally.

  Why not ? If she didn’t go now she’d
have to wait around for hours before they
sent her to the station, and the train would be
crowded, and what good did it do her, any-
way, to keep in the good graces of an aunt
who wasn't really an aunt at all ?

  Driving down with Peter—she found out,
quite soon, that his name was Peter Arm-
strong—was fun.

  “ Where were you going, originally ? ” she
asked him..

  “ Oh, just to play golf—it didn’t matter,” he
said. “ You wouldn’t have been there,anyway.”
Everything was all right mitil late, when
he began talking about the future.

  “ To-morrow’s out,” he said gloomily.
“ Engagement I can't break. Silly, but there
it is. Monday, though. That’s another day.
Lunch—d’you mind having it early, about
one ? And dinner rather late, and we’ll do a
musical show, so we can miss all we like of
the first act. And then we can start seeing if
any of the night clubs are any good this
summer—you know, find out where they have
music we both like—darned important, that
is-”

  “ Stop !55 she said. I can’t have lunch at
all on Monday, and I oughtn't to go out that
night—except—well, dinner perhaps, if I go
home right away afterwards. 1 have to get
some sleep week nights. I work.”

  “ Work ? ” he said, shocked and annoyed.
{< Why bring that up ? So do I work. That’s
why I said an early lunch ; I have to beat the
old man back to the office.”

    You don’t have to work the way I do,”
she said viciously. “ You don’t have to take
dictation all morning and type letters all
afternoon, and then stay around for hours
typing half of them over again because you’ve
made so many mistakes.”

  “ Maybe,” he said. “ But the worst they
can do to you is fire you.”

  “ Well, you can’t even be fired ! ”

  “ You’d be surprised. You don’t know the
male parent. A hard-boiled egg if the cook

ever forgot to turn the gas ol! imder one!
Fired ! I’ll say I can be fired. And *f I am I
get cut off with a dollar, too ' Laugh that off.”
His voice was increasingly bitter. “ Know
the fast one he pulled on me this morning ?
No more golf! ”

  “ But you were going to play to-day-”

  “ Oh, I mean real golf. Tournament stuff.
Saturday afternoons and Sundays—yes. Says
I can’t concentrate on business and tourna-
ment golf, too! ”

Sally laughed, to his annoyance. She
wasn’t appalled, as he’d expected her
to be.

  “ I don’t see why you had to start talking
about work,” he said. And, quite soon, he
took her home, to the dull, respectable upper
West Side block where she shared an apart-
ment with a couple of other girls from the
office—which wasn’t where she’d been brought
up, by any means, in the days before her
father had died suddenly, without leaving any
money, and her aunt had made her uncle do
the right thing by her in the way of a secre-
tarial course. Peter got out with her, and they
stood and looked at one another.

  “Well,” said Sally. “Good night, Mr.
Armstrong.”

  “ Peter,” he said absently. “ Oh, hang ! ”
“ "What’s the matter with you, I’d like to
know ? ” she said crossly.

  “ I’m just trying to think,” he said. “ It’s

so mixed up-”

  “ I don’t see-”

  “ Oh. hush, of course you don’t! ” said
.Peter. “ Can’t you take my word for it ? If

I tried to explain-” He shook his head.

“ No use. Have to wait.”

  She stared at him, mystified. And then he
did what absolutely nothing he’d said or done
all day had warned her to expect. He grabbed
her suddenly and kissed her, most unskilfully,
somewhere under the left eye, and then let
her go.

  “ You just leave it to me,” he said. “ It’ll
come out all right. Good-night! ”

  And before she could catch her breath,
much less say anything, he was in the car
and going off.
76

Magazine

  i: Well! ” said Sally, as she let herself in.
“ What a day! ” Sally, considering the times
she lived in, hadn’t been kissed much. And
now she'd been kissed twice in one day.

  Twice—yes. The first kiss hasn’t come up
before, but it had happened, even though
subsequent events had rather banished the
memory of it from Sally’s mind, until the last
event of all recalled it sharply.

  Peter’s kiss meant nothing; Sally knew
that. Arthur Butler’s kiss, though, which had
occurred much earlier in the day, in the taxi
in which he’d taken her to the station, had
been different. It had meant nothing to Sally,
but a lot to Arthur. Arthur was not one of
your light and casual kissers, as Peter pro-
bably was. But what was she to do ?

  Sunday was a blank, mercifully. But
Monday, at the office, was terrible. Sally’s
head ached, and she’d forgotten what little
she had ever known about a typewriter, and
her spelling, always original, became grotesque.
Arthur wanted her to have lunch, and she
wouldn’t, and then he called up again. Nob
to ask her to dinner, but just to say he’d
broken an engagement so that they could
dine together; a command, not an invitation.
She said she couldn’t, and he hung up
ominously, and when she started home, well
after six, he was waiting for her down-
stairs.

  “ You're late,5’ he said.

  “ Do you suppose I don’t know it ? ”
Was Peter coming to take her to dinner or
wasn’t he'? She hadn't heard a word from

him. “ Arthur-■”

  “ Yes ?55

  “You know everything. Is there a golf
player called Armstrong ? A—a well-known
one, I mean '?55

  “ Peter Armstrong ? Of course. Plays
for Baltamis. Be pretty good if he'd take
the game seriously. Doesn’t concentrate.
Lasted to the semi-final in the amateur
last year, though, at that.”

  “ Oh! ” said Sally.

  “ Why can’t you have dinner with me ? ”
  “ I’m going out.”

  “ With a man ? ”

  “ I don’t know.”

  “ Sally, don’t equivocate! Of course you
know! ”

  Then she got a respite while he selected
a taxi, something he always did with care.
There was this about Arthur, though; he
could afford to take a girl home to South
Brooklyn, even in a taxi, to say nothing of
the upper West Side.

  “ Sally,” he said gravely, when they
were in the cab. “ I don’t want to press
you, but, after all, now that we’re en-
gaged-”

  “ Engaged ! ” she said, with a start.

  “ Of course ! ” he said. “ After what

happened Saturday-”

  She racked her aching head. Yes. He’d
kissed her, just as they reached the station,
and she’d rim for her train, then, while he
paid off the cab.

   But-” she began.

  Then she stopped. She couldn’t think of
any tactfully kind way to tell him that
she’d have let almost any man kiss her
Saturday noon, the way she was feeling,
rather than get into an argument. So she
just closed her eyes and leaned back,
and Arthur was chivalrously silent and let
her rest.

  She saw Peter, sitting in another taxi,
as they drove up to her house, and he must
have seen her, too, and the way Arthur
kissed her good-bye. He waited till Arthur
had gone off, and then followed her into her
vestibule.

  “ Hallo! ” he said. “ Couldn’t remember
any of your name except Sa.ly. Had to come
around and catch you going in. Rotten
hours you keep. Lit out early to be here
by a quarter to five. The old man’ll think
that shows lack of concentration—that’s all
he knows.”

  “ You lack something, all right,” said
Sally. “ I told you my name and the tele-
phone and everything.”

  “ I know, I know,” he said. “ Concen-
trating on something else, that’s why I
forgot. Do I come up or wait in the cab.
Nice cab. Little bare, though, as a home.
I was thinking of putting up a few good
etchings.”*
KEEP YOUR EYE ON THE BALL	77

  “ Oil. you might as well come up! ” said
Sally. What difference did it make ? A lot,
as it turned out. The other girls were out,
and Peter, • when they got upstairs, proved
that when he was putting his mind to it he
was a perfectly adequate kisser. Sally was
tired, and her head still ached, and she liked
having Peter kiss her, and why not be hung
for a sheep, when
it came to that ?

  “Who was that
other bloke ? ”

Peter asked pre-
sently.

 “He?” said
Sally. She braced
herself. “Oh,
just the man I’m
engaged to! ”

 “No!” said
Peter. He began
to laugh. He
roared. “Oh,
that’s priceless!

It’s great. That
makes it all
right.”

  He kissed her
again. But she
had to draw a
line somewhere.

  “ Don’t, Peter

-” she said.

  “ Why not ? ”

  “ You can’t—
when I’m en-
gaged and you

know it--:;

  “ Can’t see it,”
said Peter. “ Did
I kick and scream
when he kissed
you downstairs ? And you’re only engaged
to him. but you’re going to marry me.”

  “ What ? ” said Sally.

  He nodded vigorously.

 “ Of course! Didn’t you know that
Saturday night ? I did.”

  He took her to a place she liked and did
the ordering, and they had all the things

she most loved to eat. Arthur always took
her to the sort of hotel your provincial aunt
stays at when visiting town, and she had to
order for herself, because Arthur ran to
nourishing broths and chops and plain green
vegetables—spinach, for choice.

  “ Everything all right ? ” said Peter. She
just looked at him. “ Good. Now—how

about being en-
gaged ? Why,
how, when, all
that ? ”

  When he finally
believed her he
laughed.

  “Oh, well,” he
said, “if that’s
all! If a chap’s
coot enough to
think a girl’s
going to marry
him just because
he’s kissed her

_5 5

 “But—yo u
seem to think that

yourself-”

* “ That’s differ-
ent,” he said
sternly. “ And,
anyway, it’s the
other way round.
I didn’t think you
were going t o
marry me be-
cause I, kissed
y o u — I kissed
you because . I
knew you were
going to marry
me.”

  Coffee. Cigar-
ettes. No one left, except waiters, discreetly
remote.

  “ Now, let’s see,” said Peter, frowning.
“ I ought to get a cable to-morrow.. Wish
I knew if the old man’s realiy going to Boston
Wednesday! ”

  “ Peter, how do you expect me to know
what you’re talking about ? ”
78

%e	Magazine

  “ It’s simple enough,” he said. “ You’ll
see. It’ll work out, one way or another.
Leave it to me.”

  All day Tuesday there wasn’t a word from
Peter. Plenty from Arthur, though. And lie
made the mistake of turning up at the flat
about seven—and she thought, when she
heard the bell, it was Peter.

  That was the end, for Arthur. Sally told
him as much of the truth as he could take in,
and it was enough. He walked out of her
life, and she was glad of it. Then she sat up
till midnight, waiting to hear from Peter,
but she never did.

  Wednesday morning it was her turn to be
up and dressed early and get coffee and
rolls for breakfast. While she was doing
that the bell rang, and this time it was Peter.
In plus fours and a cap.

  “ Hallo! ” he said. “ The old man went
to Boston all right.” He frowned. “ That
dress won’t do. Put on what you were
wearing Saturday.”

  “ To go to the office ? I won’t! Peter, you
are crazy! ”

  “ Office ? Oh, you’re not going to the
office! Not to-day. Tell them you’re ill.
Car’s downstairs. We’re going out to Bal-
tamis. Breakfast on the way.”

  She looked at him. Oh, what did anything
matter ? They were going to fire her on
Saturday, anyway—they were sure to.

  Peter and Sally had breakfast at the Clare-
mont, looking out over a misty river to the
Palisades.

  “ Team match this afternoon, you see,” lie
said. “ Got to play. The old man’s all wet.
Need me—lots of bets on the darned match.
Got to give the boy friends a run for their
money. He won’t know—the old man, being
in Boston. And they’re going to telephone
the cable from the office as soon as it comes.”
She’d stopped expecting anything Peter
said to make sense.

  It was still early when they got to the club,
and lunch on the clubhouse porch was nice.
People were drifting in.

  “ Be quite a crowd,” Peter explained.
“Nothing in the papers, though. Sort of
party we have every year with this Hillway

gang. Lots of malefactors of great weaTth
here—up there, too. Bet their fool heads of!
on this match. Silly, if you ask me. Game’s
too much fun to mix it up with gambling.
Funny about the old man; he bets as much
as any of them. But it’d be the gate for me
if he knew 1 was playing.”

  “ Why take a chance, then, Peter ? ” said
Sally.

  “ Oh, I don’t know! Sort of up to me.
Counting on me. I’m not so hot now—
haven’t been playing enough. No one else
Carson couldn’t eat for breakfast, though.
Can’t let the boy friends down.”

  Sally was furious when she saw that most
of the crowd didn’t mean to wait for Peter
and his opponent, Carson, who were the last
to start. The first match got the gallery—
reasonably enough, because the metropolitan
champion was playing for Baltamis, and a
man who’d been runner-up twice in the
Amateur was against him from Hillway.
Only about half a dozen people made up the
gallery for Peter and Carson. But she heard
one of them say the crowd would be around
for the finish all right, because this was the
match that would settle things—if form meant
anything the other six twosomes would be
split.

  Nothing happened till the fourth hole,
when Peter finished one up!

  No more excitement till the ninth, wheu
Peter was in trouble. He was at the bottom
of a deep pit, placed to penalise a sliced second
shot. One way out was easy, safe—and
costly, for it entailed playing for the back of
the green and the practically certain loss of a
stroke. Sally and the rest of them stood
looking down as Peter studied the lie of his
ball in the sand. Straight ahead was the high
bank of the pit.

  “ Gosh ! ” said a man beside her. “ He’s
going to try it! ”

  He did. The niblick crashed down; the
ball rose, in a cloud of sand. It soared high;
cleared the bunker; landed on the green;
rolled on and on—until it lay directly between
Carson’s ball and the hole. Carson was
stymied hopelessly; Peter’s hole, four to five.
Two up at the turn I
KEEP YOUR EYE ON IKE BALL

79

 He fell hack to walls through the woods
 towards the tenth tee with Sally.

 “ You're marvellous! ” she said.

“You mean I’m shot with luck!” said
Peter. “ Wait a bit.”

 He hurried on to drive. Straight down the
 narrow, tree-lined fairway went his ball;
 Sally vaguely conscious of a man who had
 fallen into step beside her, turned, with
 glowing cheeks.

 “ Wasn’t that a splendid drive ?” she said.
 The man was elderly and safe, and Saiiy’d
 been quiet too long.

 “ Eh he said. “ Oh, yes ! Yes. indeed.”
 He laughed harshly. “ Good thing the boy
 can do something well. Maybe he can turn
 pro. to make a living.”

 Suspicion stirred suddenly in Sally’s mind.
 She looked at this man again. Eyes—no.
 Nose—yes. Mouth and chin—oh, yes! He
 couldn’t be, though.

“ You-” she said. “ Oh, ray soul—

 you’re not—you can’t be Peter’s father! ”

 “ Why not, I’d like to know ? ” said Mr.
 Armstrong.

 For that was exactly who he was.

 “ Because—oh, because you went to Boston,
 for one thing ! ”

 “ H’mph!” said Mr. Armstrong. “ But I
 didn’t, you see. Luckily. Know the yoimg
 idiot, do you ? ”

 “ Yes—ves. I do,” said Sally. “ Mr, Arm-
 strong-”

 “ You have my sympathy.” he said.
 “Wait,” she.said. ‘‘Please—couldn’t we
 stay back a little, so that Peter won’t see

you ? It’d be such a shock-”

 “ I thought of that myself,” said Mr.
 Armstrong grimly.

 And increased his pace. Sally kept up
 with him ; she wondered what would happen
 if she put out her loot anil tripped him. They
 came to the green; there were more people
 now. Carson putted from a corner; lay dead
 for a five. Peter had a four-footer for the
 half. He looked over, saw Sally, and grinned.
 Then, as he was about to turn and address
 the ball; he saw his father. The grin wa3
 frozen into a grimace oi Sheer horror. For a
 moment he just stared. Then he missed his

 putt. Carson’s hole; Peter was only one
 up'

  “ Grr! ” said Mr. Armstrong. “ You see I
No concentration! Yellow, that’s what kg
is!”

  “ He is not! ” said Sally furiously.

  The eleventh was a nightmare. Peter dr079
out of bounds—something he probably did
once every two years. He pulled his second
drive into the rough; picked up, having
played six. in a trap. The match was square.

  Carson won the twelfth, though Peter pulled
himself together and stayed on the course,
ruining himself, this time, with three putts.

  “ What do you think now ? ” said Mt.
Armstrong grimly. “ I might overlook his
sneaking off because he thought I was ia
Boston, but seeing him quit-”

  He ended with inarticulate growls. Sally
was shaken herself. All her sympathy went
to Peter—but, oh, he oughtn't just to let go
like this!

  He was trying to look as if everything were
all right, as if this were just what might hap-
pen to anyone. But he didn’t fool Sally; his
eyes gave him away. He loathed himself
for being rattled, for the way he’d lost his
grip. He knew right enough. Keep your
eye on the ball—the way he’d said that to her,
over and over! But he—why, it was just
because he didn’t, because he lifted his head
as he took an easy iron shot, that he lost
the thirteenth hole—to make Carson two up
and only five to go.

  On the fourteenth Peter over-approached,
and the gallery, shocked and incredulous—it
had grown to respectable proportions now—
saw Carson sink- his putt to win the fifth liolo
in succession—and to be three up, with four
to play!

  “ Well! ” said Mr. Armstrong, in Sally’s
ear. “ What do you think of him now ? ”

  Sally wished she had something to hit him
with.

  “ I’ll tell you ! ” she said. “ I think he’ll
win. I’ll bet you he will. I’ll bet you tea
dollars! ”

  She did have ten dollars—and about fifty
cents more. And no job. At least, if she
still had a job the age of miracles wasn’t past.
80

%e MOW Magazine

  “ Ho !55 said Mr. Armstrong. " You need
a, lesson. I’ll take that bet, young lady—only
I’ll give you ten to one.”

  “ No/5 said Sally. “ You won’t! I ought

to give you odds-53

  Peter’s father stared at her curiously. She
didn’t care what he thought.

  “ All right,55 he said, and his voice, some-
how, was pleasanter. “ Even money, then.”
He held out his hand, and, reluctantly,
Sally shook it.

  Peter didn't lose the next hole. But he
didn’t win it, either. He couldn’t very well,
because though he played it perfectly, so did
Carson. And now Carson was dormie—three
up, three to go.

  They had to walk through the woods from
the fifteenth green to the next tee, and Sally
called to Peter, walking along, his head down,
a. little ahead. He turned and waited.

  “ Pine show you’re putting on!55 said Sir.
Armstrong.

  “ Sorry, sir. It is pretty sour.”

  44 Peter !55 said Sally. “ I just bet your
father ten dollars you’d win this match. He
wanted to bet me ten to one you wouldn’t,
but I said I ought to give him odds, not take
them! Peter!55

  He stared at her. And she saw something
happen to his eyes, and to his mouth.

  “ You did,” he said. “ Sally-”

  “ Don’t say anything,” she cried. “ But—-
oh, Peter—just keep your eye on the
ball!”

  “ I—all right, I will,” he said. But the
way he said it sent queer little thrills running
up and down Sally’s back. He turned to his
father. “ Thought you were going to Boston,
sir ? Change your mind ?55
“ They postponed the meeting.”

  ** Were you at the office ? ” Mr. Arm-
strong nodded curtly. “ Did they happen to
say anything about a cable coming for
me?”

  “ Yes,” said his father. He took a blue
envelope from his pocket. “ Want it ? ”

  I’ll say I do ! Peter’s eyes were shining.
Eagerly he took the envelope, tore it open;
then he turned to Sally. “ That’s that! ” he
paid, “Told you it’d work out all right.

Hallo—got to beat it. Carsons waiting. See
you later.”

  Sally closed her eyes for a second as he
hurried off. Peter was back, her own crazy,
adorable Peter; this wasn’t the Peter who’d
gone to pieces when he saw his father. She
didn’t see him drive, but she heard the cheer
that broke out as the ball sailed down the
course. And she saw Carson outdriven for
the first time since Peter had cracked. Peter
won the hole when he reached the green with
his brassie and sank a long putt for a birdie.
Nothing sensational about that three, coming
just then, though, it bordered on the miracu-
lous.

  Peter, still two down, had the honour of the
next tee. Again he played perfect golf.
Carson, unworried, serene, sure of winning,
was earefui; he took no chances. Peter had
to do just the same. His second left him in
a tricky spot.

  Sally saw him shake his head. He took a
deep-bladed mashio; bit deep into the turf.
The ball rose high, in a lovely, roaring flight;
above the green it seemed to hover for a
moment; then dropped, like a hawk about to
strike. A shout went up from the crowd: the
ball had stuck two feet from the hole and lay
there, motionless. Even Sally, no golfer,
heaven knew, could appreciate the magic of
that shot! Peter’s hole again—and Carson
was one up with one to go !

   Now! ” said Sally to Mr. Armstrong.
” Aren’t you ashamed of yourself ? Wasn’t
that glorious ? ”

  " It’s not over yet,” said Mr. Armstrong.

  But every golfer in the gallery who knew
the eighteenth hole at Baltamis thought it was.
in his heart. For that is a hole offering few
opportunities for the sort of golf that was all
that could save Peter now. You drive
straight out from the eighteenth tee; for
your second you have to turn, at right angles,
to reach the green, which you can’t see from
the tee at all, since woods hide it; a strip
of maple oak, and beech thirty or forty yards
wide, two hundred yards from the tee.

  Peter stood on the tee, studying the wind.
Then, with a shake of his head, he knelt and
built up a high tee of wet sand. Sally saw
KEEP YOUR EYE ON THE BALL

S3

He took & ten-dollar
bill from his pocket.

** I don't want it,”
said Sally, but he made
her take it.

Carson start as Peter look his stance; she
heard a sort of whispered sigh that ran through
f he crowd. Then Peter drove. Not down the
fairway, but straight across the corner of the
woods, a. screaming drive that rose higher and
higher until the ball began to fall and the high
trees hid it.

  “ By Jimmy, I think you made it! ” cried
Carson, in high and chivalrous excitement.
And Peter had. He had risked utter disaster
should his ball fail to clear the woods; he had
taken the one chance in a hundred that had
remained to him, since Carson, playing safe,
was morally sure of victory. When, after
82

%e MEW Magazine

Carson had made his clean, orthodox drive,
the first of the gallery went running down, a
great cry came back. Peter’s ball was in
the open, thirty yards short of the green.
Carson’s, on his second, was only five yards
nearer. Peter laid his approach dead; the
match was square. And on the first extra
hole that was played, Peter won t
“ H’mph !55 said Peter’s father. Pie looked
at Sally curiously again. He took a ten-dollar
bill from his pocket. She grew scarlet.

  “ I—oh, I don’t want it! she said. But
he made her take it. Peter saw that; grinned;
as he joined them.

  “ Oh, Peter! ” said Sally, and that was all,
for the moment, she could manage.

  “ Sorry I played
hooky from the
office, sir,” said
Peter. “ I-I’m
rather glad you
caught me out,
though.”

  “I—I wouldn’t
have missed see-
ing those last
three holes for a
thousand dol-
lars ! ” said his
father. “ Anyone
who can pull
himself together
the way you did
after quitting

cold-”

  “ That wasn’t
so good,” said
Peter. “ Couldn’t
seem to co-ordin-
ate, for a minute
or two.” He
hesitated. “ Going
back to town, sir ?

I can drive you
in. Won’t be
keeping the car
much longer, I
suppose.”

  “ No ? ” said
Mr. Armstrong.

 “ Not if I’m fired.”

 “ Oh, don’t be an ass! ” said his father. “ I’ve
 an idea you'll behave yourself from now on.”

 “ Oh. I shall, sir ! Have to. Going to settle
 down. Going to get married, sir, you see.”
 His father stared.

 “ That’s no news,” he said. “ Unless—Mary
 coming back soon ? ”

 Sally jumped. Mary1 Peter caught her arm.
 .Oh, that’s all off, sir1 ” he said. “ Mary
 and I—well, that’s been all wet. That’s why
 she’s been staying abroad, just to avoid me. And

 —and—well, there’s Sally, you see, and-”

 He turned to Sally.

 “ That was the catch, you see,” he said
 breathlessly. “That was why I laughed

 about your being
 engaged. Dad
 and Mary’s dad
 had got us two
 kids engaged.
 Neither of us liked
 it. So you and I,
 Sally, couldn’t be
 engaged until
 Mary answered my
 cable and broke
 it off—don’t you
 see ? And she
 did—that’s the
 cable I was wait-
 ing for-”

 Mr. Armstrong
 was making
 strange noises.
 Peter shook his
 head. Queer, he
 seemed to feel,
 how obtuse other-
 wise intelligent
 people were about
 some things.

 “Si m p 1 e
 enough! ” he said.
 “Just took a little
 concentration.
 Got to keep your
 eye on the ball,
 that’s all.”

THE END.
It had been my turn that morning to call	where Henry and Peter and I were taking an

for our letters at the post-office. There	early fishing holiday on our own, I nicked

was only one, and that was for Henry.	Henry’s single miserable missive to him, and

Beturning to the small cottage by the river	told him it wasn’t worth the journey.
%e MI2W Magazine

  “ Well, T jolly well reckon it is! ” declared
Henry, pouncing on his letter. “ Why, it’s
from Miss Gorton! They’ve accepted!
They’ve accepted! ” he carolled blithely.
“ They’re coming to-day ! They’ll be here
in time for lunch ! ”

  “ Mr. and Mrs. Gorton ?, ” I asked.

“ And Angela ! ” added Henry raptly.
Peter and I nodded sagely at each other.
We had long suspected how it was with Henry.

 “ When did you invite them down ?I
inquired.

  “Well, I’ve written to—er—one or the
other of them about every other day the
whole fortnight we’ve been here,” replied
Henry, “ begging them to run down and see
us. And now she—I mean, they—they’re
coming to-day! ”

  “ Well, what are we going to give them for
lunch ? ” Peter wanted to know.

  “ Time’s too short for anything in the way
of a really posh meal,” I pointed out. “ Better
open an extra tin of bully beef and another
tin of pineapple chunks, and let it go at that,
I suppose.”

  “ Do you seriously suggest,” witheringly
demanded Henry, “ that we should offer an
ethereal creature like Miss Gorton bully beef
and tinned pineapple ? ”

  “ Well, then,” put forward Peter, “ what
about sardines ? ”

  “ Do your united imaginations soar no
higher than things in tins \ ” asked Henry,
loftily.

  “ Oh, well, of course there are eggs,” said
Peter brightly “ If you think Miss Gorton
would like a few fried eggs and a rasher of

bacon or two-■”

  “ Shut up ! ” shouted Henry. “ It’s sheer
profanity to couple mention of a divine girl
like Miss Gorton with—ugh !—eggs and
bacon! ”

  “ Well,” observed Peter, “ as we don’t
happen to have any ambrosial nectar or
candied rose-petals or angel-cake in the larder
at the moment, I’d like to know what we
can offer them for lunch ? ”

  “ You can leave it to me,” asserted Henry.
“ I’ll step up into the village and see what I
can find worth having for lunch.”

  He was absent for nearly an hour. When
he returned he was dangling a defunct lien

  “ Roast chicken for dinner, boys! ” he
proclaimed proudly. “ Sheer inspiration!
Caught sight of this blighter, and bought it
and had it slain straightway! Not every
camp that can give its visitors roast chicken
for lunch, eh ? ”

  And he put down the dead hen, and stood
beside it with his arms folded as if he were
being photographed for a “ My Greatest
Deed ” series.

  Peter was the first to turn on the cold-
water tap.

  “ My dear Mr Baxter,” he very politely
addressed Henry, “ do. you really imagine
that that bird can be cooked for to-day’s
lunch ? ”

  “ Don’t you know that poultry has to hang
for a bit before it's ready for cooking ? ” I
asked. “ If we cook that bird to-day, it’ll
be as tough as indiarubber.”

  “ Oh. don’t be so jolly domesticated! ”
begged Henry pettishly. “ Besides, I don’t
believe it. The old girl assured me that it was
quite young, and would be as tender as
tender.”

  “ Also, my dear Mr. Baxter,” continued
Peter, “ may I point out that your purchase
has still to be plucked, and that will take some
little while.”

  “ Oh, pooh, as if we couldn’t flip the
feathers off a fowl in three minutes between
us.”

  “ And how do you intend to cook the bird?55
I asked.

  “ Why, roast it, of course,”, said Henry.
“ One always roasts chickens, doesn’t one ? ”

  “ But, you priceless cuckoo,” remarked
Peter, “ we haven’t got an oven—not one
that, works. The kitchen range here is pre-
historic.”

  “ I never thought of that! ” admitted
Henry. “ Oh, well, we’ll boil the blessed
bird ! ”

  “ Our saucepan is much too small ” I
pointed out.

  “Very well, then, we’ll grill it! ” snapped
Henry. “ I decline to offer anything fried tc
Miss Gorton, at all events. And I do wish
94 FOWL LUCK ”

85

you fellows wouldn’t keep raising objections ! ”
he protested. u I think it’s most discouraging
of you. However, I’ve done my part, thank
goodness, and now it’s up to you two fellows! ”
“ What t ” chorussed Peter and I.

  “ Well, I’ve, as it were, designed the menu
and carried it all the way home,” contended
Henry. “ Surely it’s your turn to take over
now. You’ve only got to get it plucked and
cooked, and there you are ! ”

  “ i\nd what about you ? ” I asked.

  “ Oh, I’m afraid I shall be a bit too busy
to give any further help,” said Henry off-
handedly. “ By the time I’ve had a really
good shave and changed, it will be quite time
for me to go off in the boat and meet the
Gortons.”

  “ That isn’t coming off! ” firmly asserted
Peter. “ You brought the blessed fowl on
your own responsibility, and you’ve got to
cook it! ”

  “ But I’ve got to go and meet-——”

  “ That’s all right!said Peter. “ I know
Pa Gorton and Mrs. Gorton even better than
you do. FU go and meet them.”

  “ Dashed if you do ! ” objected Henry.

  “ Oh, very well, it you particularly want to
offer Miss Gorton tried eggs and bully-beef

and sardines for her lunch-”

  Well, in the end Henry very reluctantly
agreed to remain in the cottage to prepare
the fowl for lunch. But it took a lot of
argument.

  So Peter began to get himself ready, and
Henry and 1 started to pluck the fowl.

  I should never have believed there could be
so many feathers on a bird. Within three
minutes feathers were positively clogging the
air.

  “ Tell you what, old man,” said Henry.
e< This is going to be a long job, pulling those
darn feathers off by hand. Why not burn 'em
off ? I’m sure I’ve read somewhere about
fowls being singed.”

  It seemed to me that this was a good idea.
So Henry lighted the patent oil-stove and we
singed the fowl pretty thoroughly.

  The experiment was not a complete success.
Apart from the awful aroma, the result of our
efforts with the oil-stove was to give the fowl

a good deal of the aspect of a charred hedge
h°g*

  “ By Jove ! ” exclaimed Henry, slapping
his knee. I’ve just thought of something!
I remember reading the other day that an
awfully good way to cook a bird is to bury it
underground. I mean, you dig a hole and
shove the bird in, feathers and all, and then
you fill in the hole and light a fire on top.
And then, when you dig up the bird again, it
comes out perfectly cooked, and the feathers
and the skin just peel right off! ”

  “ Good enough! ” quoth 1, and fetched a
spade.

  Henry was fearfully buckcd at having
recollected such a topping way to cook fowls.

  “ It’ll do me a bit of good with Miss Gorton,”
he told me confidently. “ She’ll see how
domesticated I really am, and how I can be
depended upon in an emergency, and all that
sort of thing.”

  So he went into the small garden and glee-
fully shovelled out a hole for the hen, and
buried it, and we lighted a lire of paper and
twigs and rubbish on top.

  Peter was ready to start off in the boat by
then.

  “ Tell Miss Gorton that I’m hoping she’ll
enjoy chicken for lunch,” instructed Henry.
“Don’t say any more. Just let it sound
mysterious and intriguing and all that.”

  Peter went off and Henry and I easied about
for a while.

  “ I wonder how that fowl is getting on,”
mused Henry at length. “ I mean, there’s no
chance of it being cremated right away to
ashes, is there ? Or perhaps the fire isn’t big
enough and the bird will be half-raw. I’d just
hate to offer that girl raw fowl for her lunch,
and I’d hate just as much to offer her a plate
of cinders. Dash it all, I’m not going to risk
it. I’m going to have a look 1 ”

  So he got the spade and cleared away the
fire. Then he prepared to exhume the bird.

  It was a pity that in his nervousness he used
the spade so vigorously. At the very first
thrust of the spade it plunged clean into the
earth.

  I looked aghast at Henry. Henry groaned
dismally.
%e mW Magazine

  86

  He had thrust his spade clean through the
centre of our projected lunch.

  We brought the melancholy remains to the
light of day, but we reburied them at once.

  “ Where’s the tin-opener'?55 I murmured.

  6S Never S ” exclaimed Henry. “ I sent her
a message to the effect that there was chicken
for lunch, and she’ll think I was only leg-
pulling if we trot out bully-beef and tinned
fruit! I should hate her to think that 1 could
be guilty of a soulless,
idiotic joke like that! ”

  “ Well, what are you
going to do ? ”

  “ Have another look
round the village ! ”
asserted Henry firmly.

“ If there’s a cooked
chicken to be had any-
where within the five
mile radius I’m going to
get it, if it costs me five
pounds or five years ‘

  Again Henry sallied
resolutely forth.

  He was back quite soon
this time. He positively
galloped back, and he
was looking strangely
excited. He had removed
his coat and was carrying
it in a bundle under his
arm.

  “ Oh I do believe in
fairies! ” he declared
ecstatically.

  “ Why, what’s hap-
pened ? ” I asked.

  “ I’ve managed to steal a cooked fowl! ”
explained Henry, with pride. “ In the Bull
and Crown, it was. You see, I went along there
to see if old Jephson, the landlord, could do
anything for us in the matter. 1 knew it was
no good asking Mrs. Jephson, because some-
how she doesn’t like me one little bit. But
when I got there old Jephson had gone out
for the day. So I had to ask Mrs. Jephson if
she’d got such a thing as a cooked fowl
knocking about the place. I told her how
badly we wanted one. She seemed very

pleased to learn that I was badly in need o^
anything.”

  “ What happened ?55

  “ She said she did happen to have a roast
fowl in the place. She had iust finished cook-
ing it for a couple of chaps who are. going back
there to lunch. 1 asked her to sell me the
fowl, but she only laughed. She wouldn’t sell
it to me at any price ! ”

  “ Well, then, how did you get it ?55

  “Well, I wab already coming away when
some instinct—I think my guardian angel
must 'nave put it into my head—prompted me
to turn back and have another shot to get
that bird. But this time I went round to the
back of the place. 1 guessed she'd be in the
kitchen, and it’s a longish way from the
kitchen to the bar, and you know how women
hate being called away from their work.”

  “ So you went to the back door ? ”

  “ I did. I knocked. No answer. I peeped
into the scullery. No one there except
"FOWL LUCK”

87

that deaf old servant woman. Then I spotted
the fowl on a dish. Been put there to get
cold in time for lunch, I daresay. Well, I
simply swooped. In one half-second I had
my blazer off, and in another I had the
fowl well and truly wrapped up in it. Then
I sprinted like biily-o, and here I am! ” he
vaunted. “ And here’s roast fowl for lunch,
after all! ”

  “ Jolly risky! ” I commented.

  “ Pooh! That’ll be all right! Old Jephson

and I are great pals, and I’ll explain to
him some time, and square up for the bird,
and he’ll see that the whole thing blows
over.”

  “I think you said your guardian angel
interested itself in procuring that fowl for
you ? ” I remarked. “ Well, it seems to me
that your guardian angel had better prepare

to get busy again. Look who’s coming along
the bank! ”

  Henry looked.

  “ Gosh ! ” he said, in blank dismay.

  Hurriedly Henry deposited his coat-wrap-
ped plunder within the cottage. Then, with
pitiful attempts at unconcern, we turned to
greet the local policeman.

  “ My word, you got a good few feathers
blowing about ’ere,” he observed, quite
genially. t£ BIrs. Jephson was saying something

to me about just
'aving ’ad a fowl
stole, but I
shouldn’t think,
from all these
feathers, as you
gents is short
enough of fowls to
’ave to steal one.
I reckon it was a.
cat. and so I told
er!”

  The policeman
sat down and filled
his pipe. We sat
down beside him.
The policeman had
his dog with him,
and we made a
fearful lot of
fuss of the dog.
Somehow we
felt it would do
us no harm to
keep on the right
side of the police-
man.

  “ No; I reckon
it was a cat, right
enough, as ’ad
M r s. Jephson’s
fowl,” declared the constable presently.

  “ We haven’t had a fowl in the cottage all
the time we’ve been here,” stated Henry,
quite priggishly. “ So Mrs. Jephson wouldn’t
find her bird here, anyway.”

  “ But I thought I saw you carrying a fowl
this mornin,’ ” mentioned our visitor.

  “ That ? ” said Henry. “ Oh, yes, that ?
88

Oh, we—we buried that, of course. It’s—
it’s a new way,” he hastened to add, in re-
sponse to the constable’s surprised stare,
“a new way of—of keeping them from
getting high.”

  “ Ah, yes,” said the constable easily.
<e Lots of new-fangled ideas about now. Don’t
know as they’re any better than the old
ones, though, when all’s said and done.”

  He proceeded to develop a discussion on
the subject of new ideas and old. In the
middle of his talk his dog got up and wan-
dered away.

  I was pretending an extraordinary interest
in the constable’s theory when presently I
caught a glimpse of the dog through the cot-
tage door. It was eagerly nosing Henry’s
'joat.

  Henry and I exchanged agonised glances.
Fortunately, the policeman’s back was to-
wards the cottage.

  I got up to drive the dog out, but I sat
down again. I had a vision of the dog rushing
out with Mrs. Jephson’s fowl in its jaws.
And we didn’t want that to happen.

  Presently we heard ominous crackings.

  “ Where’s that dog o’ mine % ” said the
policeman. “ I ’ope ’e ain’t up to no mischief.”
“He’s chewing a branch or something,”
declared Henry desperately.

  “Sounds as if ’e’s in your cottage. I’ll
soon ’ave ’im out! ’E might start eating
your food or something.”

  “ No, don’t bother! ” implored Henry.
“ He’s quite all right where he is. He—he’ll
keep the rats away ! ”

  “ He ain’t got no business in a private
place,” maintained the policeman, and half-
turned to call his dog.

  “ Why, ’e’s eating something already! ”
exclaimed our visitor. “ ’Ere, Rover ! ”

It’s—it’s quite all right! ” averred Henry.
“ Really it is! He’s only finishing up some odd

THE

Magazine

scraps we left about on purpose if he called—

I mean, if a dog came.”

  Ah, but I don’t allow Jim to eat except
at proper times,” said the policeman, rising.
“ And if ’e won’t come when ’e’s called, I
must go and fetch ’im out and teach ’im better,
that’s all! ”

  He strode towards the cottage.

  “ Look ! ” exclaimed Henry wildly, pointing
towards a distant hedge. “ There’s a cat gone
along there, and I’ll swear it’s got something
in its mouth. Looked just like a roast fowl
to me. Oh, do let’s go and see! ” he cried,
grasping our visitor by one arm and beginning
to drag him away.

  I grabbed the other arm, and between us
we hauled the surprised policeman across to
the hedge.

  We hunted for some while, but no cat did
we espy. When at last we returned cottage-
wards, the dog was sitting out on the bank.
It had a contented look in its eye.

  “ Well, time I was getting along,” said the
policeman. “ Come along, Rover. I’ll attend
to you later on, when we get back to the
whip.”

  He saluted us very amicably and trudged
off. Henry and I darted into the cottage. A
few splintered bones were all that was left
of the roast fowl.

  And as Ilenry tottered out into the open,
Peter came sculling round the bend with our
guests.

  I picked up the tin opener.

  A couple of minutes later our guests were
with us.

  “ I got your message, Mr. Baxter,” said
Miss Gorton brightly. £i Do you know, I
think you must be an awfully clever man, Mr.
Baxter. However did you guess we were
bringing along a pair of cold chickens and
some other things in the luncheon-basket as a
little surprise 1 ”

END.

              1—

At beauty I am not a star.

There are others mere handsome by far.

But my face I don’t mind it, for I am behind it,
The fellows in front get the jar.
Romance for Rent

                     (Continued from page 23)

one of these for an hour or so ? ” said Chester,
in his earnest young way.

  “ Surely not,” said Miss Mooney. “ Awfully
smart, don’t you think ? And hardly costs
anything to make.

I hope you'll be
able to push them;
it will be a profit-
able line. One
moment; I’ll get
you a box.”

  So, half an hour
later, when Chester
walked into the
cubby-hole where
Miss Kenyon had
her desk, he was
carrying a Gedding
hat-box in his
hand. He gave her
a serious smile and
closed the door
behind him.

  “ I have a new
hat here,” he said,
untying the string.

“ The iatest from
Paris. And I’ve,
brought it over—er
—to get your views
on it.”

  From his fifth
word, she might
have posed for the
Spirit of Attention;
and by the time he
had the box open,
she had produced
a mirror from the

m ms a jooetLr DAusmR
       AND

OHQOy.1 HOV/J'HE TRIED HIM!

lower drawer of her desk and had twice
rearranged her hair.

   “ Oh, isn’t it cute ? ” she cried, as Chester
lifted the hat from the box.

   “ No title there,”
he thought, after a
moment’s hesita-
tion.

  She put it on,
and did something
precious with the
hang of her small
ear-rings.

   “ Isn't it a dar-
ling?” she ex-
claimed, then.

   “No title there,”
muttered Chester
to himself.

  “You wouldn’t
have to tell any-
body it’s the
latest! ”

   “ No title there,”
he muttered again,
after' a moment’s
thought.

   “ It's the queer-
est thing about
styles,” she con-
tinued. “The
moment you put
on the new one it
makes all the
others look old.”
“There!” cried
Chester to himself,
in frowning young
90

Magazine

triumph. e“It makes all the others look
old!’”

  “ I wish I’d been wearing this the other
night,” she went on, doing various tricks
with the mirror, “ just to see ’em stare.”
Again Chester had an inspiration.

  “ Are you busy to-night ?” he asked.
“No,” she said, apparently looking at
the back of her head.

  “ Then could I engage you ? ”

  “Why, I don’t mind,” she said, and
hurried out to show the other girls.

  Chester immediately ’phoned Miss Mooney.
“ That new hat,” he said. “ I’m getting
opinions on it. Favourable, so far. But do
you mind if—er—one of my business associates
wears it this evening, so that I may get
views in a wider field ? Thank you very
much, Miss Mooney. Yes, I’ll make a com-
plete report.1’

Y.

Old John liked the millinery circular, too.
“Sounds like good stuff to me;” he
said. “ but the proof of the pudding
is whether it sells the goods. We’ll try it
out, and I’ll tell you what I’ve been think-
ing. If we get results from the stockings
and hats, there may be an opening for you
here. A steady job for a year or two would
do you good—give you a chance to find your
bearings, and all that. Six pounds a week,
say, to start. You needn’t say any tiling
now, but keep it in the back of your head
and think it over.”

  “ Six pounds a week! ” scoffed Chester
to himself. “ When I’ll soon be making that
much a day! ”

  “ And now, if you want to try another,”
continued old John, “ we’ve just received a
shipment of Cubist dancing-shoes, either for
dancing or evening wear. Go up and see
Mr. Merry in the shoe department, and tell
him I sent you. and why.”

  “ AVill he let me take a sample pair ? ”
asked Chester. And, seeing that the older
man was beetling his brows at the question,
he explained in his serious young way :
“ Miss Rooney gave me a sample hat, and I

think I told you that a young lady helped
me with the stockings—at so much for the
evening, you understand. Well, she helped
me with the hat, too. 1 paid her for wearing
it last night, and this circular is based upon her
own reactions, and also upon the reactions
which we received from other women when
they looked at it. So I thought now, if I
could arrange for her to wear a pair of these

new shoes-”

Old John exclaimed “ Sssrrrumph!55 again,
preparatory to blowing his nose. “ I see
ril have to be careful what hues I give you,”
he added. “ Lucky we’re not selling diamonds	*

or motor-cars. All light, I’ll ’phone Mr.

Merry, but you’d better get her right size.”

They were charming little shoes of mosaic
leather work, each tiny piece of leather a
different pastel shade, and these pieces
sewed together as though by a graduate
artist in patch-work quilts. A Cubist design,
as Chester had been told; and when you hear
that the colours were lilac and pink and rose
and grey, and here and there a bold bit of
purple and black, you will imderstand how
gladly he ’phoned Miss Kenyon and asked her
the size of her shoes.

“ Twos,” she answered, in a voice of slight
wonder.

Pie told her why he had asked her, but
site didn’t seem to be particularly enthu-
siastic,

“ And can I engage you for this evening ? ”
he asked.

“ I’m afraid not—this evening,” she said.

“ Why not ? ” he asked.

She chided him by a short pause and then
answered:	-i

“ I have another engagement.”

“ To-morrow evening then ? ” he asked.

This time her pause was somewhat longer.

“ I think you’d better call up to-morrow,”
she said. 41 I may be too tired.”

He took the shoes—twos, an unusually
pretty pair—and when he left the store,
he stood in the entrance for nearly a nnnute
with the package under his arm.

“ I know what I’ll do,” he suddenly told
himself. “ I’ll go and show ’em to her,
ROMANCE FOR RENT

91

I may get an idea for a title—if nothing else.” So he’s
If you had been there when he walked says he
into Miss Ken-
yon’s cubby-
hole ten minutes
later, it might
have occurred
to you that she
looked up at him
with an indiffer-
ent eye: b ut
that when he
opened his pack-
age, her glance
not only bright-
ened, b u t her
mouth seemed
to water as well.

  “ Aren’t they
beauties!55 she
exclaimed.

  “ I wish you’d
break that other
engagement and
wear them to-
night,” sa-d
Chester ear-
nestly.

  “ I can’t,” she
said. “You
k n o w — i t ’ s
funny in a way.

While I’ve been
helping you get
ideas, you gave
me an awfully
good one. Mr.

Smollet saw us
out together the
other evening—

I do a lot of
work for him—
and when he
began teasing
me. 1 told him 1
was oniy hired
for the evening
—that every-
thing was
strictly business.

 Lady : “ Excuse me, conductor, but do you pass
 the Grand Theatre?"

 Conductor: “ Yes, mam."

 Lady : Then perhaps you could tell me the programme
 that will be there this evening?”

engaged me for this evening, and he
can get me a lot of business. I’ve
been talking to

some ot the
other girls, and
they're quite
keen for it, too,
So if you find
me missing here
some day, you’ll
know I’ve
started an
agency of my
own.Why not ?”

   Chester didn’t
think much of
it.

  “Who’s Mr.
Smollet ? ” he
asked. “Doyou
know him well
enough i ”

   “ 1 knew him
long before I
knew you." She
smiled. “ He’s
in the estate
b usiness —
awfully clever—
and makes a lot
ol money.’

   “ But you can
give me to-
morrow night,”
said Chester.

  “I’d rather
not promise.”
She hesitated.
“ I don’t know
yet how long I
shall be up to-
night. But if
you’ll call me

t o • morrow--

And I think
you’d better
take these
heavenly slip-
pers,” she added
with something
92

1he j^JQSISr fflagazm

like a sigh, “or I might be tempted to
wear them.55

  “ Oh, well,” frowned Chester, leaving the
building a few minutes later with his package
under his arm, “ I’ll be able to do a good
night’s work this evening-”

  But though he sat up in his boarding-
house room till after twelve—one heavenly
slipper on each side of his ink-bottle—the
net results of his work were four heavily
corrected sheets of copy paper—four sheets
of paper which he sourly tore up the following
morning after reading them.

  “ I’ll have Miss Kenyon write a few letters
for me,” he told himself, wrapping up the
slippers. “ I’ve been neglecting my corre-
spondence too much lately.”

  So at half-past nine he walked into her
cubicle with his package again under his
arm, and found her just taking her hat off.
Of course it might have been imagination,
but it seemed to Chester that she looked
diflerent—that there was more colour in her
cheeks, more vivacity in her manner than
he had ever seen before. He was still waiting
for her to get her notebook when a long-
nosed man with a little black moustache
looked in—a long-nosed man with a very
able look, even though his smile at that
moment might best be described as killing.

  “ Good-morning, Mr. Smollet,” said Miss
Kenyon, and handed him a number of letters
which she had evidently written the previous
afternoon.

  “ I'll see you again—when you are dis-
engaged,” he said, lisping a little.

  Chester shut the door as soon as he could,
and dictated four letters—the first one
frowningly, the next two sadly, and the
fourth with a wistful note in his voice.

  “ And now about this evening ? ” he
asked, reaching for the slippers.

  “No, not this evening; to be perfectly
frank, I’m much too tired,” she told him.

  “ Then to-morrow evening,” said Chester.

  “But I’m engaged for to-morrow night.”

  M With Smollet again ? ” he asked, return-
ing to his frowns.

  “ That’s not fair,” she said, beginning to
frown herself. “ A lawyer, for instance,

doesn’t discuss one client with another. So
why should I—with you ? ”

  Chester left a few minutes later, his package
still under his arm, his ears almost as red as
his hair; and turning at the entrance, per-
haps for a last reproachful glance, he saw
Smollet eagerly advancing toward Miss Ken-
yon’s door. At this—as the novelists say—
the iron entered Chester’s soul.

  “ Oh, well,” he thought, “ there are plenty
of other places where I can have my type-
writing done. I shall never come here again! ”
But he did. For one thing, you see, he
had forgotten those four letters. And for
another, he had grown accustomed to Miss
Kenyon and the efficient manner in which
she took his dictation. And, after all, their
relationship had only been based upon the
strictest business principles. She had a
perfect right to go out with Smollet or anyone
else she chose.

  “ I’m awfully pleased to hear you say
that,” she said to Chester, “ because, you
know, I was beginning to think you were
unfair.”

  “And when can you give me another
evening ? ” he asked.

  She gave him the next Wednesday—and
the next—until at last he had four Wednesday
evenings in a row—and always when he took
her home he reached in his pocket for the
envelope which he had placed there, and
solemnly handed over her fee. On the last
of these meetings they had dined at the
Rochambeau Roof, and while they were
exercising in their first dance, Chester noticed
that Miss Kenyon was looking carefully
around among the tables.

  “ I know,” he said—though he didn’t know
how his lip was curling—“ this is where
Smollet saw us ; the first time we went out
together. You’re wondering if he’s here
to-night.”

  “ You know that isn’t nice,” she said.

  “ It may not be nice,” he told her, in low
voice, you understand, because of the others
who were taking exercise around them, but
I think somebody ought to talk to you about
Smollet. Personally, I don’t think he’s to be
trusted.”
ROMANCE FOR RENT

93

  “ T do,” she said. “ And so would you, if
I told you something.”

  “ Tell me, then,” he challenged her. “ I
hate to misjudge people.”

  She looked up at him, her eyelashes never
seeming so long, nor the cleft in her chin so
deep.

  “ He wants me to marry him,” she said,
and gently lowered her head again.

  Chester probably swallowed harder than
he had ever swallowed before in his life.

  “ Are you going to ? ” he asked, when he
had finally brought his Adam's apple to rest.

  “ You know what I told you once,” she
reminded him.

  “ Good for you ! ” he exclaimed, and put
so much pep in his dancing that they bumped
three couples in quick succession.

  “ Do you call that strictly business ? ” she
asked, raising her eyes again.

  It wasn't, of course. But neither was the
evening—being one of those balmy May
nights when plum trees are in blossom and a
wise old maid will shut her ears if she hears
the '* Blue Danube.” Chester had meant to
take Miss Kenyon to a show ; but somehow,
when they descended from the Rochambeau
Roof, they tooK a bus instead and continued
their exercise by a walk in Hyde Park.
About them was the subdued purr of the
city at play; and all around were other
couples, either seated on benches or strolling
side by side. Here and there the grass had
been cut that day—its fragrance as sweet as
the song of any birds.

  “ How are your circulars for Gedding’s
going on ? ” she asked him once.

  “ The stockings and millinery are doing
well," he said. “ 1 think we'll pay for those.
But the shoe circular—Mr. Gedding didn’t
like it.”

  He didn’t add. and she didn’t remind him.
that in his pique against Smoilet he had
written the shoe circular without any help
from her. But he thought of it.

  And still they moved slowly along among
those other couples—some of them driltmg
along together in silence like figures dimiv seen
in dreams.

  “ I don’t know-” Chester found himself

thinking. “ I guess they’re more important
than I thought.’' Turning this reflection
over, the words of old John arose in Ilia
mind. “In our business, you know, we
must understand the Sadies, or we wouldn’t
be able to please them.”

  When he gave Miss Kenyon her fee that
night, he sighed to himself and walked slowly
to his boarding-house.

  “ Like a cross-word puzzle—maybe-” he

found himself thinking asam. “ You can't
solve it just by looking and wondering, no
matter how close it is. You—you’ve got to
get pencil and paper and—and get right
down to work.”

VI.

The next day Miss Kenyon wasn’t at the
office, the day after that Chester
was informed she had a cold. And
on the third day they told him that her cold
was threatening to turn into pneumonia. .

  “ Poor girl, she isn’t as strong as she looks,”
said Miss Gluck. “ I’m going over to see
her this afternoon.”

  Chester didn’t wait till afternoon. He
paused long enough to get a dozen scarlet
roses, and then he hurried to the flats where
she lived—a queer smarting in his nose, a
funny aching in his throat as though he, too,
was sickening tor something. Arriving at
her address and sending up his name, he was
presently admitted bv a pleasant-taced
matron, who smiled as though she had heard
of him more than once, and a few minutes,
later lie was shown into Miss Kenyon’s room
It was a charming room. Indeed, for that
matter the whole flat had secretly impressed
Chester. In this room in which he now
found himseli for instance, the walls were
covered by Japanese paper, the floor with a
silky rug. By the window was a desk, and
over the desk a time-mellowed painting of a
red-taced old boy, with a white starched
choker around his neck. The furniture was
walnut, the counterpane embroidered silk,
and from under this counterpane a long-
eyelashed young lady smiled up at Chester and
welcomed him in a hoarse whisper.

  “ I can’t talk out loud,” she told him
94

flfte MOTSf

“I always get this silly laryngitis when I
have a cold.”

   Her mother came in with the roses then—
roses which were greeted with a hoarse cry of
rapture.

   “ They're Fanny’s favourite flowers,” said
Mrs. Kenyon. “You couldn’t have brought
her anything to please her more.”

  Chester stopped about ten minutes; and
when he arose to go, Fanny hoarsely
whispered, “ Wait a minute,” and reaching
into a drawer of a table by the side of her
bed, she brought out an envelope and handed
it to him.

   “ What’s this ? ” asked Chester, beginning
to feel warm.

   “ Your fee,” she told him with a hoarse
young bark of satisfaction.

  “ My what« ”

  “ Your fee! ” she crowed. t; Your
six-and-eightpence for coming. Everything
strictly business—the way we agreed.”

   “ I don’t want your six-and-eightpence,”
he told her, wiping his forehead.

   “ But you’ve got to take it,” she firmly
barked. " I always took it. And if you
don’t take it,
you can’t come
again.”

  So Chester
took it, and the
next day he took
his second fee—
his ears playing
their old trick of
trying to match
his hair—but on
his third visit
he couldn’t go
into the bed-
room, but stayed
in the living-
room, and once
when Mrs. Ken-
yon came out
for a minute,
and he saw she
was crying.

Chester nearly
wept with her—

 Wiv&s go through such a lot

Magazinz

and later peeled potatoes for the nurse’s
dinner.

  By Sunday, though, he had the entree of
the bedroom again. Fanny’s eyelashes were
as long as ever, and the cleft in her chin was
as deep, but it only needed a glance to see
how near she had been to solving a certain
great mystery.

  “ I think there’s one more fee in the
drawer,” she said at once.

  “ I don’t want any more fees,” he gently
scoffed; “ I want you.”

  “You mean—to fire me again ? ”

  “ No; I mean to own you for good.”
Somehow, by that time, he was kneeling
by the side of the bed, her hand in his.

  “ Mr. Gedding offered me six pounds a week
and a steady job the other day,” he said.
“ Do you think we could get along on that \ ”
She nodded with a far-away smile—the
smile of those who are happy in their dreams—
and then she laughed.

  “ Do you remember that first night you
hired me % ” she asked. “ And I said love
was a trap and a sickness—and you said
women were germs—and took all a man’s

__________time and

money 1 ”
Chester
snorted.

  “ I guess we
were younger
then,” he said.
“ Folk have to
live and learn.”
And dismissing
these juvenile
errors with a
wave of his
hand, he con-
tinued in a more
serious tone,
“1*11 bring those
Cubist shoes
around to-mor-
row. An extra
fifteen pounds
would come in
handy now.”
THE END.
%e MfMT Magazine,

95

THIS

is the way

 To get your hair neat and tidy—
 and to keep it so, use ANZORA
 every morning. It masters the
 hair, and, whatever your exertions,
 u remains sleek and smart.

 it

 Anzor a Cream for greasy scalps and
 Anzor a Viola for dry scalps are sold
 in 1 6 and 2 G (double quantity) bottles
 by Hairdressers, Chemists and Stores.

tits. $su/li

TM.^2- SILENT IVL C.TKO£» of

VOICE CULTURE

 THE SILENT METHOD produces amazing results. Builds up
                  i lie voice that excels in volume, range and
                  purity of lone; eradicates all vocal d Qc>!l-
                  'ies, weak voice, harshness, husksness,
                  limited range: infallible cure for STAM-
                  MERING. Send 3d. stamp for particulars
                  md astounding testimony from delighted
                  jii *avc!.i*n»cf »-indents (he world over.

Pro! W. R. REID, 541, Wigan Rd. (S), Bolton, Lancs.

The Paper for People
Who Go to the Pictures

ALL THE LATEST NEW'S
FROM FILMLAND.

 Every issue contains a magnificent four - pa^e
 Photogravure Art Supplement and -'how? the portrait
 of a tamous “ Star ” and scenes from Picture Plays,

EVERY SATURDAY.

      worth of

MKH 6RADE

      second-hand

FURNITURE

  This enormous collection of beautiful furni-
  ture is arrayed m Showrooms occupying
  800,000 -q ft. of fioorspace.

  JELK 5 offer sound tested second-hand fur-
  niture, which will give double the wear of
  cheap new goods and at half the cost for Cash
  or on Easte t of Hasy Terms. Inspection
  entails no obligation to purchase.

  Close at 1 p.m. on Thursdays. Saturdays
  open until 9 p.m.

 BARGAIN
 CATALOGUE
 Post Freel

WtJELKS&SONS

            Established over 50 years.

  263/275 Holloway Road, London, N.7,

       ‘PHONE: \orth 1915, _

         ■ 2598/9, 5655. '’w,°al,Bfa“l
  ......................ii«n..inii,.u«u.>J.iiniin;iiiuii»mg

(torn your
Chemist
& Stores,
(post free
2/3).

THAT’S ALL?

      0 expensive appafatus,
      ^ Vno medicine glass, no
      stained handkerchiefs —
      simply sniff straight from
      your Dr. MACKENZIE’S
      Smelling Bottle now and
      then—and enjoy a rapid
      cure.

Df.MACKEFffiE'S 1

SMELLING BOTTLE |

 For GoSds, Catarrh, |
 influenza, Hay Fever, |
 Headache, etc.	g

I

 O'. M&cktnii.'i LaborI)
         Reading,	g
96

%e MflBW Magazine

Herry Hag. Mixture

             >4++4-

            Asking For It

 She: “ Stop! My lips are for another.”
 He: “ All right, you’ll get another after
 I’ve given you the first one.1’

    © © ©

             Difference
 Mistress: “ Mary, do you ever sweep
 under the bed ? ”

 Mary: “ Yes, mum. I sweep everything
 under the bed.”

    © ® ©

               Granted
 “ I do want to sing so badly.5’

“ Then your wish has been gratified/5
® © ©

                H.P.

 “Look, there goes Minnie. I hear she is
 buying her new dress by instalments.”

 “ Really ! And is that the first instalment
 she is wearing ? ”

    © © ©

            Colour Line
 Young Thing: “ I want some nice grapes
 for an invalid.”

Greengrocer: “ Black or white, madam ? ”
Young Thing: “ Oh, he’s white, of course.”
© © ©

           This Love Game
 Judge: “ And what is the charge ? ”
 Lawyer: “Driving while in a stale of
 extreme infatuation.”

    © © ©

            Take All

 Mistress of the House: I’d be ashamed
 to be a great big strong man like you, and
 have to go round asking for money.”

 Tramp: “ So I am, ma’am; but I onc<>,
 got three months for taking it without
 asking.”

            A Likely Place

  4' How ever did you come to get your hands
  covered in syrup, Jackie ? ”

  “ I’ve been looking for the ring you lost3
  mummy.”

  “ ibid where did you find it ? ”

  “ In the syrup tin.”

     © ® <$

Which ?

  I	hear that Joan has started reducing.”
  “ Smoking or drinking ? ”

    © ® ©

            A Little Extra

 Kind Old Lady * “ And is this all you do
 for a living, my man \ ”

 Pavement artist: “Lor’ lumme! What
 do you expect me to do, stand on me head
 or somethink ? ”

    ® © ®

           A Living Wonder
 Do you know that a man dies in London
 every minute ? ”

 “ Wonderful! I’d like to meet him! ”

    © © ®

Kept Things Going
" What are the morals of this village ? ”

  “ Excellent So good, in fact, that several
  of our weekly sewing parties have failed for
  want of scandal.”

    © © ©

           The Mistress
 Mr. Robinson: " Well, there’s no doubt
 about who is the boss in our house.”

 Mrs. Smith: “ So you finally got a cook,
 did you 2 ”

    © ® ©

          On The Rocks

  " I say, did you know Bob was married ?55
  ki Heavens, no! I didn’t even know he
  was broke! ”

Printed and published on the 1st of each month bs tfao Proprietor*. l’he Amalgamated Press, Ltd., The Fleet was Haute,
iarringdon Street, London, E 0.4. Advertisement Graces: Fhe Fleetway House, Farringdoa Street, London, B.0.4 Eeclat«reil
for transmission by Canadian Magazine Post. Subscription rate*: Inland and Abroad. 9s. per annum. Single copies, 9d. Sole AcentR
lor South Africa : Central Nows. Agenoy. Ltd. Sola Agents for Australia and New Zealand s Measra. Gordon & Gotch. Ltd. Sold
also fcy Messrs. Wheeler & Co. in Bombay and Calcutta, and by Ilia American Hswa Oo. in U.S.A.	' $/]£ “
.........11111.....11111111................turn...........................Him.......in....................................................................................................................................

 No. 57

THE MERRY MAGAZINE

SMILES AHEAD OF ALL OTHERS

                       /V\A6AZ/rt£

  for APRIL is the best yet. CLAPHAM of

CLAPHAM & DWYER

     (the famous Broadcasting Comedians) contributes an article describing the inner

“Secrets of Savoy Hill” (the2lo studio)

which no lover of laughter should miss.

MAURICE ELVEY MOVIE PRODUCER, tells

What is Wron& with British Films?

And the LIFE STORY of

MARION DAVIES

most popular of all Film Stars, appears together with a cover picture in full colours.

 These items, together with the usual packed programme of really good stories and pictures
 bv the most famous authors and artists, make the April “MERRY” the best entertainment
 money can buy	"	Out MARCH }oth Price SEVENPENCE.

The Magazine that Lives up to Its Name!

u

lllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll lllllllllll IIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIM llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllltlllllllllllllllllllllltllMlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllliin
R.S.HUDSON LTD, LIVERPOOL, WEST BROMWICH & LONDON