Argosy All-Story Weekly
BY THE
YEAR

     PER

     COPY

           Somewhere
          Between Night
          and Eternity. ''

  ° F. Worts
JI Novel of Redemption
Copy This Sketch

I AM anxious to find men with desire
to become draftsmen. With busi-
ness picking up everywhere many
thousands of draftsmen will be needed
at salaries ranging from $3000 to
$3600 per year.

In asking you to copy this sketch I
believe I will be able to tell from the
sketch you send in what kind of an
opportunity you will have in this great
profession.

There are no conditions requiring you to buy
anything. You are under no obligations in
sending in your sketch. What 1 want to know
is how much you are interested in drawing
and your sketch will tell me that.

Ambitious boys and men between the ages of
16 to 50 are wanted by big business concerns,
and the man who is ready when opportunity
calls him will get the best position and the
highest pay.

FREE-

 $80 Drafting Course

 To every student enrolling now I
 give an opportunity of getting an
 $80 drafting course absolutely
 without cost to him. So send in
 your sketch today and learn all
 about this offer.

FREE —

Drafting Outfit

now I

a regulation draftsmen’* outfit made
op of the very same instruments which
I use myself. Every student trets this
splendid set without cost. See illus-
tration below.

Draftsman’s Pocket

Dfalri |?maa —To Everyone
Alllv V r“ Sending Sketch)

To every man sending a sketch I am going to mail free draftsman, if you think you have or may attain draft-
?nd Dr^Pj»ld the Draftsman’sIvonne Pocket Rule shown ing jibility, sit down and copy this drawing, mailing it

here. This will come to you entirely with my compli- to me today, writing your" name, and youT address
ments. With it I will send a 6x9 book on “Successful and your age plainly on the sheet of paper containing
Draftsmanship.” If you are interested in becoming a the drawing.

$250to $300 per Month

I am Chief Draftsman of the Engineers’ Equipment Co.
and I know that there are thousands of ambitious men
who would like to better themselves, make more money
and secure faster advancement. Positions paying $250
to $300 per month, which ought to be filled by skilled
draftsmen, are vacant everywhere. I want to find the
men who with practical training and personal assist-
ance will be qualified to fill these positions. No man
can hope to share in the great coming prosperity in

 manufacturing and building unless he is properly
 trained and is able to do first class practical work.

 I know that this is the time to get ready. That is why I
 am making the above offer. I can now take and train a
 limited number of students personally and I will give to
 those students a guarantee to give them by mail prac-

FREE

this $25 Draftsman's
Working Outfit

These are regular working instruments—the kind I use
myself. I give them free to you if you enroll at once.
Don’t delay. Send for full information today.

tical drawing room training until they are placed in a
permanent position with a salary of $250 to $300 per
month. You should act promptly on this offer because
it is my belief that even though you start now the great
boom will be well on by the time you are ready to
accept a position as a skilled draftsman. So write to me
at once. Enclose sketch or not, as you choose, but find
out about the opportunities ahead of you. Let me send
you the book * Successful Draftsmanship" telling how
you may take advantage of these opportunities by
learning drafting at home.

Mall Your
Drawing at Once

— and Get an Ivorine Pftaat
Pocket Rule Absolutely ***?•

Ambitious men interested in drafting hurry! Don’t
wait! This is your opportunity to get into this great
profession. Accept the offer which I am making now.
Send in your sketch or request for free book and free
Ivorine Pocket Rule.

4001 Broadway,

Chief Draftsman, Engineers* Equipment Co., Div. 145™ chS
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

IT takes but a moment to mark the career of your choice, sign your
name, clip out ajid mail. Yet that simple act has started more than two
million men and women toward success.

   In city, town and country all over the world, men are living contented
 lives in happy, prosperous' homes—because they clipped this coupon.

   In every line of business andjndustry, in shops, stores, offices, factories,
 in mines and on railroads, mcftvare holding important positions and
 receiving splendid salaries—because, they clipped this coupon.

    Clerks have become sales, advertising and fni$tnoss. managers, mechanics have become fore-
 men, superintendents and engineers, carpenters, liave become architects and contractors, men.
 and boys have risen from nothing to places of responsibility—because they clipped this coupon.

   You have seen it in almost every magazine you hav&Jooked at for years. And while
 you have been passing it by, more than ten
 thousand men and women each month have
 been making it the first stepping stone to real
 success in life.

    Will you still turn away from opportunity?

 Can you still go on, putting in your days at
 the same grind, getting the same pay envelope
 with the same insufficient sum, when such a
 little thing can be the means of changing your
 whole life?

   You can have the position you want in the
 work you like best, a salary that will give you
 and your family the home, the comforts, the
 little luxuries you would like them to have.

 No matter what your age, your occupation,
 your education, or your means—you can do it!

    All we ask is the chance to prove it. That’s
 fair, isn’t it? Then mark and mail this cou-
 pon. There’s no obligation and not a penny
 of cost. It’s a little thing that takes but a
 moment, but it’s the most important thing you
 can do today. Do it now!

— —-----TEAR OUT HERE-------

INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS
Box2l65-C, Scranton, Penna.

  Without cost or obligation, please tell me how I can qualify for the
  position or in the subject before which I have marked an X:
  BUSINESS TRAINING DEPARTMENT
  Business Management	□ Salesmanship

    Industrial Management	□ Advertising

 Personnel Organization
 Traffic Management
 Business Law
 Banking and Banking Law
 Accountancy (including C.P.A.)

 Nicholson Cost Accounting
 Bookkeeping
 Private Secretary
 Business Spanish □ French

   TECHNICAL AND INDUSTRIAL DEPARTMENT
                        Architect

  Better Letters
  Foreign Trade
  Stenography and Typing
  Business English
  Civil Service
  Railway Mail Clerk
  Common School Subjects
  High School Subjects

□ Cartooning

 Illustrating

   □ Electrical Engineering
   HElectric Lighting
   Mechanical Engineer
   Mechanical Draftsman
   ' Machine Shop Practice
   Ilallroad Positions
   , Gas Engine Operating
   Civil Engineer
   B Surveying and Mapping
   Metallurgy
   Steam Engineering
   □Radio □ Airplane Engines

 Name ....

 Street

 Address..

   Blue Print Reading
   Contractor and Builder
   Architectural Draftsman
   Concrete Builder
   Structural Engineer
   Plumbing and Heating
   Chemistry □ Pharmacy
   Automobile Work
   Navigation

   _ Agriculture and Poultry

  ^Mathematics

City............................................State..

Occupation....*...........................................

 Ptrions retidino in Canada i\ould tend this coupon to tho Interna-
 tional Correspondence Bchoolt Canadian, Limited, Montrealt Canada.

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY

"W E, E. K. L V

C

Vol. CXLVH CONTENTS FOR NOVEMBER 18, 1922_Number 2

       The entire content* of this magazine are protected by copyright, and must not be reprinted without the publishers*

FIVE CONTINUED STORIES

Red Darkness........George F. Worts .

A Four-Part Story — Part One

Above Suspicion........Robert Orr Chipperfield

A Six-Part Story — Part Two

Crafty Rogues ........ Boice Du Bois . . .

A Four-Part Story — Part Three

The Dance of Death......Fred Jackson . . .

A Six-Part Story — Part Four

The Fire People........Ray Cummings . .

          A Five-Part Story — Part Five

 161

 224

 255

 278

 300

NOVELETTE AND SHORT STORIES

 Out of the Coral Sea......S. Gordon Gurwit . . . 183

  The Adventures of Peabody Smith . . j	gar|^^nn 3n<^ | . .	244

     IV.—THE PERSISTENCE OF PERCIVAL JAYNE.

 Dollars and Drinks.......Lyon Mearson.....273

 Plowing Time........Louise Townsend Nicholl .	296

MISCELLANEOUS AND POETRY

The Fate of Ex-Champions .... Izzy Kaplan’s Kolumn . . 318

The Old Home . . . Edgar Daniel Kramer 182

Sacrifice......Lilian Nicholson 223

Immortal Frauds . . Captain Horatio Wragge 253

Admiration......Floyd Meredith 320

To Every Mood.....Leslie Ramon 254

Inseparable.......Ida M. Thomas 272

Matter of Fact......Harold Seton 299

      ■V7"OICES, insistent, threatening, elusive, hound a great financier. Wherever he
      * goes the voices follow over the telephone, urging, warning, terrorizing. Against
      them a figure unique in crime, a phonic criminologist, wages warfare, and in the end
      victory lies with the smallest voice of them all.

VOICES. By GEORGE J. BRENN

a serial in five parts, starts next week.

THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY. 280 BROADWAY, NEW YORK, and TEMPLE HOUSE, TEMPLE AVENUE, E. C, LONDON

       Frank A. Mukskt, President	Richard H. Tithkbjngto n , Secretary	Cbkistopusb H. Pope, Treasurer

Single copies, 10 cents. By the year. $4.00 In United States, Its dependencies. Mexico and Cuba: $6.00 to Canada, and $7.00 to Foreign
Countries. Remittances should be made by check, express money order or postal money order. Currency should not be sent unless registered

PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY COPYRIGHT, 1929

        Entered as second class matter July 16. 1920, at the Post-Office at New York, nnder the Act of March 8, 1879

COITBIG UTKD IN GREAT BRITAIN
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

                          Wurlitzer
                   w/	Violins

                   / The Wurlitzer col-
lection of Old
r Violins is interna-
y* t i o n a 11 y lamous.
Wurlitzer modern
violins are made by
experts, and accura-
tely patterned after
Stradivarius. Guar-
nerius, and other
famous models. We
especially urge young
people to take up the
—violin.

Registered

 Trade Ttlark

200 YEARS OF ^ MUSICAL INSTRUMENT MAKING

    Wurlitzer
    Saxophones

The most popular of
all wind instruments.
Improvements in fin-
goring and special
conical bore make
Wurlitzer Saxo-
phones the easiest to
play and unusual for
rich cone values. «|
Blows and fingers so
easily that playing is
as simple as whist-
ling a tune.

Wurlitzer
Stringed Instruments

            Wurlitzer banjos
            guitars, mandolins,
            ukeleles,etc. are made
            with particular atten-
            tion to close fit at all
            ioints, to give true vi-
            bration and full reso-
            nance. Stringed in-
            strum ents are the
            easiest of all for be-
            ginners to “pick up”
            —some can become
            good players almost
            ^without effort.

WurlitzerTrapDrum Outfits

Every conceivable drummer’s
trap is included in the Wur-
litzer outfits—nothing is lack-
ing. A sense of rhythm usually
means that playing the trap
drums will be almost in-
stinctive.

             Wurlitzer
       Cornets
       Noted for accurate
       pitch, and clear even
       tones in both soft and
       loud playing. Valve
       pistons individually
       gTound to insu re
       smooth, easy action
       and absence of leak-
       age. Once“lipping’*
       is mastered very little
       practice is required to
       play simple band
       music.

CAny ^Musical Instrument

 On Trial

 WURLITZER will send you any instrument for a week’s
 trial in your own home. No obligation to buy — no
 expense for the trial — you do not risk a penny. Wur-
 litzer instruments are known the world over for artistic quality
 and excellence of workmanship. Used by the greatest musicians,
 bands, and orchestras. The house of Wurlitzer has made the
 finest musical instruments for over 200 years.

Easy Payments

 Payments are conveniently arranged in small monthly sums — a few cents
 a day will pay. All instruments to you at lowest factory prices. Special
 combination offers on complete musical outfits — velvet lined case, all
 accessories, self-instmctor, etc.—everything you need at practically the cost
 of the instrument alone.

New Illustrated Catalog!

 Send
 for

The greatest musical catalog ever published ! Over 3,000 articles — every
known instrument described and illustrated—many of them shown in full
colors. No matter where you live, you can buy Wurlitzer instruments direct
by mail the same as at any of the 27 Wurlitzer stores.

Send the coupon today !

Wurlitzer Trombones

Tone remarkable for sonority
and clearness, absolutely pure
in ail registers. Slides are
drawn to a great hardness and
perfect line, insuring easy
action and perfect intonation.

 Copyright IW2,

 Tht Rudoivh Wnrliutr U.

| The Rudolph Wurlitzer Co., Dept. 2278 |
■I 117 E. 4th St., Cincinnati —329So. Wabash Ave., Chicago I
I 120 E. 42ndSt., New York—250 S tockton St. Sm Francisco |

x I Send me-your new catalog with illustrations in I
color and full description of every known*
I musical instrument. Also tell me how I may I
■ have any instrument for free trial in my own I

I home, and may pay for it in easy installments. I
No obligation.

1 Name------------------------1

| Address------------------------j

wtntnnwl tn tchifk you am tsr>ftxaHy~

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING DEPARTMENT

AGENTS & SALESMEN WANTED AGENTS & SALESMEN WANTED

 CLEAN UP $100.00 WEEKLY FROM NOW TILL CHRIST-
MAS WITH 4t NIFTY NINE". Weekly average 100 sales—
dollar profit each. 30—10 sales daily frequently made.
Demonstrating outfit cinches order. 30 other coin-coaxers.
All Ideal for Christmas gifts—several at each house. Big
rush now starting. Get free 8am pie outfit offer. Postal
brings our unique plans. DAVIS PRODUCTS COMPANY,
Dept. 38. Chicago.

 AGENTS—FREE TRIAL OFFER. HARPER’S COM BIN
TION BRUSH SET AND FIBRE BROOM. Consists of Are
parts, has ten different uses. It sweeps, washes and dries win-
dows. scrubs and mops floors, and does five other things. Orer
100% profit. Write for our free trial offer. Harper Brush Works.
Dept. 66. Fairfield. Iowa.	I

 A BUSINESS OF YOUR OWN. Make Sparkling Glass Nam*
Plates. Numbers, Checkerboards, Medallions, Signs. Big illus-
trated book free. E. PALMER, 500 Wooster, Ohio.

 TAILORING AGENTS. OUR VIRGIN WOOL TAILORED
TO ORDER SUITS AND OVERCOATS SELL FAST AT

$29.50. All fabrics, all styles the same price. Over 600
men now making $50 to $150 a week. You get paid in advance.
Quick sen Ice. Protected territory. Ci9 swatch outfits free.
Write Salesmanager. J. B. SIMPSON, Dept. 304, 831-843
West Adams. Chicago._

  AGENTS—Our Soap and Toilet Article Plan is a wonder. Get
our Free Sample Case Offer. Ho-Bo-Co, 137 Locust, 8t~ Louis. Mo.

 AGENTS—CONNECT UP WITH US. RELIABLE MAN-
UFACTURER-HONEST GOODS—15 years Experience. Quick
Selling and Profitable Household Articles. Write TODAY' for
Money-Making Plan. AMERICAN PRODUCTS CO MI* ANY.

8007 American Bldg.. Cincinnati. Ohio._

 27.000 RECORDS GUARANTEED WITH ONE EVERPLAY
PHONOGRAPH NEEDLE; new. different; cannot injure rec-
ords; $10.00 daily easy. Free sample to workers. EVER-
PLAY. Desk 1112, McClurg lildg.. Chicago._

 AGENTS $25.00 A WEEK FOR SPARE TIME. Suits $13.45,
pants $3.45 up. Money back guarantee. Guaranteed quality.
Line well known. Samples free. Write CHICAGO TAILORS
ASSOCIATION, Dept. 107, Chicago._

 SALES AGENTS WANTED in every county to give all or
spare time. Positions worth $750 to $1500 yearly. We train the
inexperienced. Novelty Cutlery Co., 77 Bar St.. Canton, Ohio.

 NEW OIL LAMP BURNS 94«*i AIR—S. Y. JOHNSON.

900 ALADDIN BUILDING, tfOO W. LAKE. CHICAGO. ILL.,
inventor of wonderful new oil lamp that burns 91% air and
beats gas or electricity, is offering to give one free to the
first user in each locality who will help introduce it. Write

him for particulars.___

 AGENTS: Get your money on the ipot $16.00 daily
demonstrating Serenolas. No waiting for commission or salary
checks. No delivering. No collecting. Big season just starting.
Write or wire. PERRY LUDLOW CO.. S-1W7. Payton, Ohio.

 AGENTS—MAKE A DOLLAR AN HOUR. Sell Mendets. a
patent patch for instantly mending leaks in all utenails. Sample
package free. Collette Manufacturing Company, Dept. 3#6-B,

Amsterdam. N. Y.	_

  Sell the latest nationally approved cooking utensil, the
Squire BROILET. Sells on sight. Convenient to carry and
show. $00 profit weekly easy for live agents. Get full devils
from A. B. Squire Mfg. Corp., 280 Madison Ave.. New York.

MICHIGAN FARM LANDS FOR SALE

 LAND OPPORTUNITY! 20. 40. 80 acre tracts; only $10
to $50 down; bal. long time. Near thriving city in lx>wer
Mich. Write today for illustrated booklet giving full in-
formation. SWIG ART LAND CO., Y-1245 First Nat'l Bank
Bldg.. Chicago.	___

AUTHORS - MANUSCRIPTS AND PHOTO PLAYS

 FREE TO WRITERS—a wonderful little book of money
making hints, suggestions, ideas: the A B C of successful Story
and Movie-Play writing. Absolutely free. Send for your copy
aow! Just address Authors- Press, Dept. 19. Auburn. W. Y.

 STORIES. POEMS, PLAYS. ETC.. ARE WANTED for

publication. Good ideas bring big money. Submit Mss., or write
Literary Bureau. 110, Hannibal. Mo.

 EXCHANGE PLOTS FOR S$—Photoplay ideas accept*?d

any form: revised, typed, published, copyrighted. Sold. Advice
free UNIVERSAL SCENARIO CORP.. 918 Western Mutual
Life Bldg.. Los Angeles.

 PHOTOPLAYS WANTED BY 48 COMPANIES: $10 TO $500
EACH PAID FOR PLAYS. No correspondence course or ex-
perience needed: details sent free to beginners. Sell your ideas.
PRODUCERS LEAGUE. 388 Wainwright. St. Louis. Mo.

 WRITE THE WORDS FOR A SONG. We compose music.
Our Chief of Staff wrote manv big song-hits. Submit your
song-poem to us at once. NEW YORK MELODY CORP..
403 Fitzgerald Building. New Y'ork.

  NO DULL TIMES SELLING FOOD—PEOPLE MUST EAT.
FEDERAL DISTRIBUTORS MAKE BIG MONEY. U.OOO
YEARLY AND UP. So capital or experience needed; guar-
anteed sal.s; unsold goods msy be returned. Your ius*
on packages builds- your own business. FREE SAMPLES
to customers- R- j/eat orders sure; Exclusive territ**?. Ask
f Nowl FEDERAL PURE FOOD CO.. DepL 35. Chicago.

  $10 WORTH OF FINEST TOILET SOAPS, perfumes, UdWt
waters, spice*, etc.. absolutely free to agents oo our refund
plan. Lacassian Co.. Dept. Cl4, St. Louis, Mo.

   AGENTS; New 2 in I Reversible Double-Duty Raincoat. One

fr*cdress cost. Other side Morrn coat. Two c«*t»
IZL,. Price of ‘!ue\ Sa.\v* *15- Positively guaranteed
I*roof or money back. < ommisxion paid Mime <jav too take
orders. No capital required. Sample fumi*h«d. R«-al mono
Dincmfohio.	-Man L FACT U 111 so CO., Coat 1506.

  SELL WALL EMBLEMS of all Loi%es« £ier	wants

 one. Easy Xmas Seilers. Big money in all or Npare time.
 Write for fr**e sample and cash bonus plan. K1KR K\tllLt:si

CO.. Dept. A. M , 538 B Clark 8t. Chicago. III. _

   USE INSYDE TYRES in jour old eatings ami jp5 SttB 3 So
 5 thousand miles more service. Positively prevent punctures
 and blowouts. Used over and over again, low priced. Big
 money saver. Agents wanted. Write for terms. AMERICAN
 ACCESSORIES CO., B-701. Cincinnati, Ohio.

   WE START YOU in business, furnishing Mirth in*: M n and
 women. $30.00 to $100.00 weekly operating our ** New System
 Specialty Candy Factories" anywhere. Opportunity lifetime;
 booklet free. W. Hilly er Ragsdale. Drawer 93. East Orange. N. J.

  AGENTS—BIG MONEY—$8 to $16 a day. _\
cutlery set. Brand new. You display and take orders. We
deliver and collect. Pay you daily. Sample free. Try it out.
JENNINGS MFG. CO.. Dept. IGOtt. Dayton. Ohio.

  $13.45 FOR A STYLISH M A D E-T 0-YOU R-M EASURT
3-PIECE SUIT—regular $25.00 value. We are making this
bargain offer to prove our remarkable values in tailoring. Write
ror our big sample outfit showing bow agents make $35 00 to
$40.00 extra every week taking orders for high-grade tailorin*
WASHINGTON TAILORING CO.. Dept. L-304. Chicago.

   Clarke made $18 an hour selling vestpocket windshield
 cleaner ncedeci by every autoist. motorman. engineer- one
 rub keeps glass clear 24 hours; 60.000 solcL Amazing ptopo-
 sitlon free. Security Mfg. Co.. Dept. 633. Toledo. Ohio.

  LARGE SHIRT MANUFACTURER wants Agents to sell
complete line of shirts direct to wearer. Exclusive patterns Bis
values. Free samples. Madison Mills. 503 Broadway. New York

  AGENTS—$15 A DAY—EASY. QUICK SALES_FRFF

AUTO-BIG WEEKLY BONUS M.50 premium Fr.^”fry
customer Simply show our Beautiful, 7 piece. Solid Aluminum
Handle Cutlery Set. Appeals instantlv. >\> deliter and
collect.	daily. NEW ERA MFG. CO.. 803 £SSa St..

 Dept. 20-H. Chicago.

  BIG MONEY AND FAST SALES. EVERY OWNER BUYS
GOLD INITIALS for his auto. You eharge $1.50. make $1.35
Ten orders dally easy. Write for partlculsrs and fre* samples
American Mouogram Co.. Dept. 54. East Orange. N. J.

PATENT ATTORNEYS

  INVENTIONS WANTED ON CASH OR ROYALTY BASIS

 Patented or uiipatented. We hare be«n in businoM 24 years'
 References. Adam Fisher Mfg. Company. 249. St, Louis, Mo.

nnnJEN!.S- W.2,1J .F0R. FREE “-UOSTRATEO GUIOE

 BOOK and record of Invention blank. Send model or aketch
 and description for our opinion of Ita patentable nature. Free.
 Higheat HcferencrB. Prompt Attention. Reasonable Term.
 \ictor J Kvarn a Co.. 762 Ninth. Washington. X). 0

occVE»Ii.,.52OKkET FREE- highest references.

best RESULTS. Promptness assured. Send drawing or
model for examination and opinion as to patentability
Watson E. Coleman. 624 F Street. Washington. D. C.

   PATENTS. If you bare an invention write for our Guide
 Book. "How To Get ▲ Patent*' Send model or sketch and
 description, and we will give our opinion as to its patentable
 nature. Randolph Sc Co.. 830 F. Washington. D. C

  PATENTS PROCURED—TRADE MARKS REGISTERED—

 A comprehensive, experienced, prompt service for the protection
 and development of your >deaa. Preliminary advice gladly fur-
 nished without charge Booklet of information and form for
 disclosing idea free on request. Richard B. Owen 68 Owe®
 Bldg.. Washington, D. C.. or 2278-J Wool worth Bldg.. N. Y.

HOW TO ENTERTAIN STAMPS-PETS, ETC.

WANTED TO BUY

  Mail Us Your Discarded Jewelry. Gold Crowns and Bridges.

Watches. Diamonds. Silver. Platinum. War Saving Stamps snd
Old False Teeth. Monev sent by return mail. Packages held 4
to 12 days and returned if our offer is refused. United States
Smeltin« Works (The Old Reliable). Dept 26. Chicago. 111.

   Plays, mutical comedies and revues, minstrel music. black*face

 . skits, vaudeville acts, monologs, dialogs, recitations, entertainments.

 musical readings. sta«re handbooks, mak -up g«»c*d». Hie eatalog
 ! free. T. S Denison & Co.. 623 So. Wabash. Dept. 43. Chicago
 STAMPS FREE—Fine Set War Stamps
 j pictorials. British and French Colonies, with Isrce illu«trated
 j catalogue free for 2c postage. MIDLAND STAMP COMPANY.

 I Toronto. Canada.

 DOG OWNER’S TEXT BOOK FREE: expert advice on proper
 can*, training and feeding. Free with 3 months' trisl sub-
 scription to America’s popular dog and huntinr magazine.
 Send 25c todav (coin or s.amns). SPORTSMAN’S DIGEST.

I 500 Butler Bldg.. Cincinnati. Ohio._________

Classified Advertising continued on page 6.

Tn answering any advertisement on this page it i# desirable that you mention this mapazine.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

 Why Pay Full Prices

Costs Nothing to See

    This famous 75'year old firm — the Largest and Oldest Diamond
    Banking Institution of its kind in the world — must sell the dia-
    monds on which we loan money. This firm rated highest, at over
    $1,000,000.00 capital, having made loans on diamonds, watches,
    other jewels in unpaid loans and other special advantage bar-
    gains that we must sell to get back our cash. Buy here where
    loan values the price basis, not market values. Send now for
    bargain list.

    FREE—On Approval!

The Buys of a Lifetime!

   The diamond bargains pictured here are merely a few of die
   many unusual offers on our lists, all with full and complete des-
   criptions. At our Tisk—we send you any bargain you wish, for
   Absolutely FREE Examination. No obligation. Compare it care-
   fully, have it valued any way you wish. If you decide not to buy,
   you are not out one penny.

      As Low As $60 Per Carat

    Not all, but some. Yes, some even lower priced, but also dia-
    monds of finest qualities at higher per carat charges. Get a
    diamond now around half its market price.

     Send for Latest List
     oS Diamond Loans

 Unlike the ordinary catalog. Hundreds of Diamond
 Bargains described in full detail with exact weight,
 color, quality, etc. You know what you're buying
 before you buy. Besides it tells of Quarantesd Loan
 Value, unlimited exchange privilege at full price
 paid, and complete details of tree examination offer.

 Use Coupon NOW!

  We’ll send our latest Bargain list. It’s
  free. No obligation. No expense
  to you. Write Now !

 Jos. De Roy 8c Sons

 6792 De Roy Building

  Ontu Opposite Post Office.

  Pittsburgh, Pa.

  References by permission:

   f Jos.
   DeRoy
   W & Sons
   ^ 6792 DeRoy

       /Building

                 Only Opposite
            f Post OjJicr

     ✓/ Pittsburgh,Pa.

       Gentlemen: Pleas*
       send mo iree and pre-

      /paid, your latest bur-
         train list of diamonds.

  /watches and other jew-
  elry. It is understood I
  . assume a o obiiuatiuu of
  f any kind.

   ,'ank of Pittsburgh—N".

  A. Marine Nat’I Bank
  —Union Trust Co.,

   Pittsburgh, Pa.

  Your bank can	A

  look us up in pier- f
  eantile agencies. j

/ Guaranteed Cash Loan!

                                       ere are like insurance
                                       w h a t you can borrow
                                       buy - SKK OUR CASH

Addrcu i______

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Wrinkles!

   Banish Them
   This Hew Way

THOSE sudden wrinkles that rob your face of its
youth—banish them all! The laugh wrinkles
and the frown wrinkles, the lines of worry and
care—all can now be safely, surely and quickly effaced.

  Domino Wrinkle Cream smooths away the lines
and wrinkles as though it were some magic potion!
It gives new tonicity to the skin, feeds the facial
tissues, removes the very cause of the wrinkles. It is a
fine, delicately scented cream—as simple and easy to
use as an ordinary face cream.

  Wonderful for the Complexion

   You can use Domino Wrinkle Cream with absolute
confidence, knowing that it will not only smooth
away the lines and wrinkles, fill out the hollows and
help lift the flaccid muscles—but it will actually im-
prove the complexion, beautify the skin.

Special Offer!

   Let us send you, as a special introductory offer, a
 full-size $5.00 jar of Domino Wrinkle Cream. Only
 the coupon is necessary—no money. When it arrives
 give the postman $1.95 (plus few cents postage) in
 full payment—instead of the regular price of $5.00.
 If you aren’t delighted with results you may return
 what is left of the cream and your money will be
 promptly refunded.

  Why not mail the coupon NOW while you are
thinking about it?

Send No Money!

DOMINO HOUSE. Dept. W-4311.

269 S. Ninth Street, Philadelphia, Pa,

   Without money in advance, you may send me a full-eize Jar
 of Domino Wrinkle Cream (regular price five dollars). When it
 is In my hands I will pay the postman only $1.05 (plus a few
 rents postage)- I retain tho privilege of returning the jar within
 10 days and having my money refunded if 1 am not pleased with
 the wonderful results. I am to be the sole judge.

Name...........................................................

Address.........................................................

£lty.................................... State...................

If you wish, you may send money with coupon and save postage.
(Price outside U. 8. $2.10 cash with order.)

                     ' STUDY AT HOME

                                      J Become • lawyer Ltfl'j tnail

                                 /GnraUT opt**rt«uuU« mtteim
                                 f be for*. Lawjrwt «*ro
                                 . 53.000 to $10,000 Annually

                                        ' We ruide you step by step. Y*o c*a tn»

                               f - at borne dunof tpor* tap* Leiti m»4

                                TOO record* and Utter* from LeSatW tei—tj
                                * d Io the bar in variooe «Uu«. Momt rrlaAjjl

Clanifled Advertising can .'.nurd from page 4.

HELP WANTED

RAILWAY MAIL CLERKS, STENOGRAPHERS, f*I rove
TYPISTS, wanted by Government. Examinations weekh
pare at home. Write for free list and pUn* pE££t SZ
•ecuring position. C88. 1710 Market St.. Philadelphia.

WRITE NEWS ITEMS and Short StiriN for par la spare

                                        frw'

to«LLTUvS	Y0U CAN EAR N~ FIFTEEN

    FIFTY DOLLARS WEEKLY writing showcards at home.
No canvassing. Pleasant, profitable profession, eaally. quickly
learned by our simple graphic block system. Artistic ability
unnecessary. We instruct you and supply you work. Wilson
Methods. Ud.. Dept. Q. 64 East Richmond. Toronto. Canada.

BE A DETECTIVE, $50-5100 WEEKLY: travel over world,
experience unnecessary. AMERICAN DETECTIVE AGENCY.
1107 Lucas. St. Louis. Mo.

Make 2 to 5 dollars a day painting Parchment Shades, without

leaving privacy of your own home. Easy to learn. We teach you
to do our work and positively guarantee to supply you with in-
teresting spare time employment. Write immediately for informa-
tlon. United 81iade_ Co.,_Dept. F. Sturgeon Kldg.. Toronto. Can.

MEN—WOMEN—GIRLS OVER 17. GET U.S. GOVERN-
MENT POSITIONS. $100 to $195 month. Steady. Short
hours. Common education sufficient. Uit position* free
Write immediately—today. FRANKLIN INSTITUTE. Dept. L-l*
Rochester. N. Y.

HELP WANTED—MALE

BE A DETECTIVE—EXCELLENT OPPORTUNITY: good

pay; travel. Write C. X. Ludwi*. 12C WestoTor Bulldlnj.

Kansas City, Mo.

All men, women, boy». girls, 17 to 60. willing to accent

Government Positions. $117—$190. traveling or stationary
Write Mr. Ozment, 198. St. Louis, immediately.

MEN WANTED for detective work. Experience unnecessarv.

Wrlto for details explaining guaranteed position. J. GANOIL
Former Gov't Detective. LD, St. Louis, Mo.

FIREMEN. BRAKEMEN. BAGGAGEMEN, SLEEPING
CAR, Train Porters (colored). $140—$200. Experience un-
necessary. 830 Railway Bureau, East St. Louis. HI.

HELP WANTED-GENERAL

EXCELLENT EARNINGS: G00O LI VI NG ; FASCIN AT I NG
WORK OPEN TO TRAINED HOTEL EMPLOYEES MEN
AN'I) WOMEN. *0.000 NEEDED EACH YEAR: WONDER-
FUL OPPORTUNITIES FOK ADVANCEMENT IF PROPERLY
TRAINED. SEND FOR FREE BOOKLET ABOUT OCR
COURSE. EASILY MASTERED IN SPAIIE TIME AT HOME;
WRITTEN AND ENDORSED BY HOTEL EXPERTS.
STANDARD R< 8INESS TRAINING INST.. 200 CARLTON
COUBT, BCFFA.LO. N. Y.

AUTOMOBILES &TRADE SCHOOLS

Automobile Owners, garagemen. mechanics, send today for free
copy of this month’s issue. It contains helpful. Instructive in-
formation on overhauling, ignition troubles, wiring, carburetors,
storage batteries, etc. Over 120 pages, illustrated. 8«id for
ree copy today. Automobile Digest. 500 ButlerJtldjc.. Cincinnati.

FORDS run 34 mile* on gallon gasoline. Other cars show
proportionate saving. Wonderful new carburetor. Start* easy
in coldest weather. Fits any car. Attach yourself. Money
back guarantee. Sent on 30 day's trial. Agents wanted. AIR

FRICTION CARBURETOR CO.. Dept. 3201. Dayton. Ohio.__

BE AN AUTO OR TRACTOR EXPERT. Unlimited oppor-
tunity. 7000 successful graduates. Write at once for our big
free catalogue. CLEV ELAND AUTO SCHOOL. 1819 E. 24th St..
Cleveland. Ohio.

BEST PAYING TRADES—LEARN SIGN PAINTING—Pic

torial Painting—Auto Painting—Bhowcard Writing—Decorating
—Paperhanging—Graining—Marbling. Catalog Free The Big
Chicago Painting School. 152 W. Austin Avenue. Chicago.

 WANTED—MISCELLANEOUS

Cash for Old Gold, Platinum. Silver. Diamonds. Liberty
Bonds. War, Thrift. Unused Pottage Stamps, False Teeth. Mai-

neto Points, Jobs, any valuables. Msil In today. Caah sent
return mail. Goods returned in ten days if you an* not satisfied.
Ohio Smelting Co., 301 Hippodrome Bldg., Cleveland. Ohio.

In anstcering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION'.

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magaziiu

 Write

  for

 FREE

  Catalog

 showing

  other

Rich Silk Seal
Plush Coa

Real Fur

Collar
and Cuffs

 Down

 Be dressed in the very latest stylet Send the
 coupon below and only $1 for this handsome
 silk plush coat with real fur collar and cuffs.
 A wonderful bargain; lined throughout with
 fancy pattern Venetian of excellent wearing
 quality. Shapely collar as well as cuffs
 are of beautitul dark brown Coney fur, all of
 fine selected pelts. Can be worn loose back or
 full-belted all-around with self belt tying in
 sash effect in front. Sizes 34 to 44. Length, 40 in.

Order by No. F-44. Terms, $1, with coupon.

$4.35 monthly. Total price, $26.95.

Six Months

to Pay

 Address

City ...................................................State

  No
C. O.D.
Charges
to Pay

 1 enclose $1. Send me Silk Plush Coat No. F-44, Size,..

 If I am not delighted with the coat, I can return it and get my $1
 back. Otherwise, I will pay easy terms. $1 with coupon, $4.35
 monthly, total price, $26.95. .

 Name

    Use the credit we offer as thousands do and
    save money. Send only $1 with the coupon
    below for this latest style silk seal plush coat.
    Money back if you ask for it. If you are de-
    lighted with the coat and wish to keep it, you
    may pay the balance in small monthly sums
    so small you will scarcely miss the money.

   Only $4.35 a month pays for this coat. An
   easy and delightful way to secure a plush coat
   with real fur collar and cuffs. Buy the Elmer
   Richards way. Just send the coupon today.

Elmer Richards Co.

Dept. 9278 ,West 35th Street, CHICAGO, ILL.
prqpertreaimeht

tor

Y LO ORS /WO ODWORK
and
FURNITURE

'jV/ce 25<

.CJOHWSON E-SU-
BAClNe.^'*^ _

^552?y-ALLSTORY— advertising sectiox.

This Beautiful
Book on
Wood Finishing
FREE

5°m_P^ete instructions for finishing all wood—hard or soft—old or new.
•Xp ains just what materials to use and how to apply them. Tells how inex-
pensive soft woods may be finished so they are as beautiful as hard wood. This

oo	is the work of experts—illustrated in color. Gives covering capacities, etc.

 JOHNSON’S WOOD DYE

Fill out and mail coupon for a free copv

of ‘ ‘ The Proper Treatment /or Floors,
Woodwork and Furniture

I

S. C. JOHNSON & SOX, Dept. AR-11, Racine. Wit. |

Please said me. free and postpaid, jour invtrocilon Book I
on Wood Finishing.	|

i

...............................................i

ADDRESS.................................................. I

NAME.

CITY & STATE.

Dealer's Name.

Johnson’s Wood Dye is very easy to
apply—dries in four hours—penetrates
deeply, bringing out the beauty of the
grain—made in all popular shades. Color
card in book.

S. C. JOHNSON & SON

" The Wood Finishing Authorities'*

Dept. AR-11,	RACINE, WIS.

Canadian Factory—Brantford

jn answering this advertisement it is desirable that pou mention this magazine.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY

W E. E K L Y

VOL. CXLVII SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 192 2 NUMBER 2

By GEORGE F. WORTS

                   "/see Ul’o natures struggling ivithin me — one base, the other
               blindly striving toward the light."

CHAPTER I.

THE TWO FACES.

THE lavender pall of a late tropical
afternoon hung like dead smoke in
the dreary repetition of pine ham-
mock*. and cypress swamps through which
No. 33 had been steadily boring since early
in the morning. A perspiring trainman
drew aside the green curtain and poked in
his head to announce languidly:

“ Turpentine, gents; Turpentine.”

  Some one heaved a sigh. The big man
    1 A	1

in the corner contemplated the wet end of
his cigar critically; the Miami insurance
agent mopped his long nose with a pink-
bordered handkerchief; and the dark-
skinned young man in gabardine methodi-
cally addressed himself to last-minute con-
tingencies.

  Jaca Javalie, as the dark-skinned young
man in gabardine was known in remote art
and musical circles, could not recall a last
minute when there had not been contin-
gencies. He could always depend upon
them. Something always happened the last
162

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

minute, the last step, the last inch. Until
an hour ago the horizon had been flawless;
now a coarse and massive individual with a
hard, red face and a pair of hard, suspi-
cious eyes, bulked ominously upon it.

  Jaca Javalie was relaxed in the black
leather chair—the only chair the smoking
compartment boasted—half listening with
only one ear to the insurance man’s mono-
logue on Florida climate, industries, cus-
toms, personages, and—climate. The other
ear, like a beetle’s feeler, was attuned to
random vibrations.

  Javalie was irritably aware that the
large, silent, red-faced man in the corner
represented some branch of legal authority.
A mirror over the nickeled tooth-brushing
basin had kept him informed that this man
had been for the last forty hot miles watch-
ing him with the absorbed and expectant
air of a cat watching a bird. It was most
annoying.

  The smoking compartment was blue with
the fog of good fellowship. The insurance
man, who sat in the favored seat, the one
next the window, was doing his best to up-
hold the first law of Florida hospitality,
which is to dispense information to the
stranger within the gates.

  He was dispensing information. He flit-
ted from topic to topic—and from tropic to
tropic—with the airy grace of a butterfly.
And suddenly, without in the least being
aware of it, he was flattered with the un-
divided attention of Javalie’s other ear. He
had been speaking of the kinds of people
that Florida would be better off without—
tin-can tourists at one pole, lawless and
dissipated millionaires at the other.

  “ Now, take this man Banning, the ex-
banker. We’ll be passin’ his place in a few
minutes, just this side of Majolica. Looks
like a castle—swellest place in this part of
the State. Y’ understand, I’m broad-
minded and lib’ral in my views as any man,
but those Bannings are a bad lot. He’s
one of these fellows wTho’re doin’ more harm
than good to this State.

  “ Is he spendin’ money? You bet he is!
Chunks of it! But that ain’t everything,
y’ understand. Of course we want folks
to spend their money down here, but Flor-
ida’s outgrowin’ that stage. He’s got a

house full of flippers and flappers and flop-
pers, drinkin’, gamblin’, and I hate to think
what else, night after night. It ain’/ right.
That kind of doings just gives the State a
black eye. We want decent, law-abidin’
people down here—like yourself. Hotel
man, aren’t you?”

  Javalie smiled faintly. “No; I play the
organ.”

  The big man in the comer, upon whom
lay the unmistakable imprint of the law’s
majesty, slowly spilled from full red lips
a cascade of oily blue smoke. The smoke
rolled down his shirt front, mounted in a
veil through which his unblinking eyes
peered meditatively.

  Since he had boarded the Palm Beach
Limited at Vero he had been studying the
delicately modeled face of Java Javalie;
had been plunged by the study into the
deepest thought. Xo movement, no slight-
est gesture, of the young man had escaped
him.

  His mind was slowly revolving the quer-
ies, where? when? what? A blind game
of mathematics—permutations and combi-
nations. The sheriff of Bedloe County was
exasperated, but he did not betray it. He
had, like many another of Florida’s officials,
gone to an excellent school—the New York
police force. A longing for equable climate
—a place in the sun—had lured him to the
land of golden beaches and cabbage palms,
and here he had taken root. He was not an
ordinary sheriff.

 Where? When? What?

  His mind was a rogues’ gallery, but the
dark face under observation was not filed
there. This was not surprising. He had
been away from New York for ten years.
An organist, eh? Well, maybe!

  The face of the young man in gabardine
perplexed him. It was an interesting face,
perhaps that of a religious zealot, perhaps
that of a gifted crook. A slender, clever
face ot tanned olive, divided into equal
halves by a slender, clever nose. Broad
brows; a thin, cruel mouth. Rather an
Irish face. Experience and suffering had
written their signatures upon it and refined
its angles.

  Devil take the fellow, what was it? The
sheriff expelled a small hurricane of smoke.
RED DARKNESS.

163

He had it now! Two faces! One from
the arch of the nose up, the other from the
arch of the nose down. Two faces. Two
forces—a good one, and an evil one. The
upper angelic, the lower a devil. It was an
absorbing game.

  Now—and it was for the first time since
the sheriff had entered—Javalie took heed
of him, turning his head as if he were mag-
netized by the very vitality of the sheriff’s
thinking. A flash of blue electricity from
deep-set, penetrating eyes. Blue electricity.
Holy smoke!

  The sheriff instantly decided: “ That lad
works through the ladies.” But he was
doing Javalie a grave injustice when he
thought that. Javalie worked through no
one, man or woman. He was too clever.
Professionally, women did not appeal to
him. Their hearts were too big for their
heads.

  Javalie's lower face might have told the
sheriff that. But he was done with analyz-
ing. He had become the infinitely pains-
taking man of action.

   Yawning, he stood up, indifferently sprin-
kling ashes down the front of his limp blue
seersucker coat as he did so. His clothes
fitted him like the skin on an elephant.
Aimlessly he lurched into the corridor and
cornered an amazed colored man.

  “ That feller in the gabardine suit,” he
grunted. “ Dark complected; blue eyes;
thin lips; black necktie; gray silk shirt.
Got him?”

   “ Yas, suit I”

  “ What seat’s be got?”

  “ Twelve, suh.”

   “ Where’s his ticket read?”

  “ Palm Beach, suh.”

  “ Humph. I thought so; I thought so.
Want you to keep your eye on that smokin’
room. Got me? Keep your eye on hint.
If he makes to get up, push the button
that rings this here indicator—twice, short
and snappy. Got me, George?”

  “ Yas, suh. I knows you, suh. Yo’s
the—”

  “ Uhuh. Never mind me. Keep your
eye on him. I got a dollar for you,
mebbe.”

  Now, Jaca Javalie had, in the course of
his somewhat varied experience, cultivated

a certain sense, not easy to define in a
few words, and had refined it to an ex-
quisite degree. It corresponded in a way
to the delicately refined sense of Sheriff
Judson which had enabled him to discover
in Javalie’s countenance, after long study,
two forces—one with a latent capacity for
good, and one with a latent capacity for
evil—each conflicting with the other. It
was a habit, if you will, of searching for
the little, insignificant things that most men
overlook.

   Call it alertness, call it trained observa-
tion, call it anything you please; but the
fact remains that within thirty seconds of
the time when the Pullman porter entered
the smoking compartment Javalie knew
that something was happening. The por-
ter was not behaving naturally; yet he was
doing nothing but straightening the towels
in the rack and fussing about the wash-
bowls, as porters in smoking compartments
have been fussing since time immemorial.

  The Palm Beach Limited was whistling
for Turpentine, losing momentum. And it
was due in Majolica fourteen minutes later.
Although his ticket entitled him to go as
far as Palm Beach, Javalie had no inten-
tions of going to Palm Beach.

  He brushed past the porter into the cor-
ridor, and, as the green curtain fell behind
him, the indicator rang twice—two jabs of
a black thumb.

  It was a code that Javalie understood
instantly. When he reached seat No. 12
the sheriff of Bedloe County was drowsily
staring out of the window from seat No. 11,
across the aisle.

  His black suit case had been moved—a
glance assured Javalie of that. He unlocked
and opened it and extracted therefrom a
fresh package of cigarettes. Then he re-
locked it and started back toward the smok-
ing compartment.

   The sheriff of Bedloe County followed lei-
surely.

  Javalie stopped at the drinking tank,
flipped a paper cup out of the sanitary
container, and flattened himself against the
wall to permit the big man to pass. With
a misty smile Sheriff Judson went by and
entered the smoking compartment.

  Javalie sipped the water slowly, crum-
164

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

pled the paper cup, and dropped it into the
wire rack. He went to the doorway and
looked in. The sheriff was washing his
hands.

  The train was stopping; the brakes were
on. A double file of gummy kegs glided
past the window. A gray structure with a
tar-paper roof and a sagging ramp moved
into view—a turpentine still. The building
jerked. The train had stopped.

  Now, Javalie detested, above all things,
the role of low comedian. He wTas essen-
tially a young man of unshakable dignity
and reserve, and what the present circum-
stances demanded of him was singularly
distasteful. He must, to insure his safety,
perform an act that smacked of low com-
edy; there was nothing else to do. Within
the coming hour he had important plans to
execute.

  After that hour had expired, any one was
at liberty to watch him, to follow him;
but until that hour had expired, he would
tolerate no interference and no watching.
And what he chose to term low comedy was
his only salvation.

  He dropped the heavy green curtain, re-
turned to his seat, picked up the black suit
case, and proceeded to the other end of the
car.

  The end of the station—a small, canary-
colored building—was visible from the left
side of the vestibule. Going south, all of
the stations were on the left side. This
side of the vestibule had been opened—the
floor raised on its hinges and the door
clamped back.

  Javalie unlatched the platform on the
right side, raised it, opened the door and
clamped it back similarly. The vestibule
could now be left or entered on either side.
He descended on the left si^e, the station
side, and walked briskly toward the end of
the train.

  Turpentine was in the heart of a pine
forest. A drainage ditch half full of green
water and choked with hyacinths ran
through a concrete culvert under the
tracks. It went under the tracks a few
feet beyond the platform of the observation
car.

  When he reached the culvert Javalie
looked back and saw Sheriff Judson in the

   act of leaving the car he had left. He fol-
lowed leisurely.

   So far, excellent.

   Javalie circled around the end of the
observation car, and ran. There were a
number of empty gondolas on the siding,
and beyond them a cluster of canary-
colored buildings. But he did not run to-
ward any of these. He ran fleetly beside
the observation car until he reached the
vestibule he had a few seconds before
opened for just this emergency.

  He had hardly climbed aboard before
No. 33 began moving. He had hardly
concealed himself when the sheriff of Bed-
loe County shot around the end of the ob-
servation car and stopped, puffing, to glare
at the line of empty gondolas and the scat-
tered canary-colored buildings beyond.

   Sheriff Judson was giving these buildings
a thorough search when the Palm Beach
Limited clicked around a curve and was lost
to sight.

   Jaca Javalie, seated on his black suit case
in the vestibule, gravely wiped his dripping
face with a silk handkerchief. He betrayed
none of the delight or relief you would nat-
urally have looked for at the ease, the sim-
plicity, with which he had outwitted the
crafty sheriff of Bedloe County. He was,
in fact, still rather resentful, for he detest-
ed low comedy, and his sense of nicety had
been offended.

CHAPTER II.

SACKCLOTH AND MYSTERY.

JACA JAVALIE detested anything that
smacked of low comedy, not that he
lacked a sense of humor, and not en-
tirely because such parts offended his sense
of nicety. The deeper reason was con-
tained in the fact that Javalie was an artist,
truly a great artist, not with paints or words
or gestures—or with nitroglycerin and
breast drills, as you many have erroneously
suspected—but with ideas. It was artistry
that had to do with the brain.

   Given a set of facts and fancies that bung
together, Javalie could produce the most
brilliant, the most extraordinary effects.
The brain of this distinguished-looking
RED DARKNESS.

165

young man approached, if it did not ac-
tually cross, the misty border line beyond
which lies genius.

  The sheriff of Bedloe County had called
him clever. It was an insult. The sheriff
had been nearer to guessing the riddle when
he had discovered the two conflicting forces
—the angel from the bridge of the nose up,
the devil from the bridge of the nose down.
Then the sheriff had suspected women in
Javalie’s electric blue eyes. It was women
that had put the sheriff off the track.
Women happened to be the sheriff’s weak-
ness. They solved most riddles; but they
didn’t solve Javalie’s.

  Even to himself it must be admitted
that Javalie was a riddle; and the key, the
nearest approach to a solution, lay between
the angel and the devil. It had been a
lifelong fight—the devil on the one hand,
the angel on the other, fighting over the
possession of Jaca Javalie. At times one
was uppermost; at other times the other.

A man with two conflicting souls, a good
soul and a bad soul, is a battlefield scarred
and desolated. Such a man is not to be
envied.

  Javalie did not move from the vestibule
once the train left Turpentine. With the
precious black suit case between his knees
and the brim of his straws hat gripped firm-
ly by the brown fingers of one muscular
hand, he waited.

  From time to time he leaned out, squint-
ing his eyes against the rush of wind and
smoke from the oil-burning locomotive, and
peered into the distance.

  An orange grove, laid out with the geo-
metrical nicety of a parchesi board, fled
past him, with ripening fruit shining in
great clusters in the late afternoon sunlight.
The air, when the exhaust from the loco-
motive was not carried down the wind to
him, was sweet and languorous, refreshened
now and then by vagrant puffs from the
ocean which lay close by. Sometimes it
was visible, a gleaming immensity of softest
blue, like a sheet of enamel. The surf was
hidden. There were no ships in sight. It
was an empty ocean.

    No. 33 whistled down a lane of thin pine
  trees, each trunk bearing a long white scar
  and a brilliant red-clay cup. Then came

rolling hills of yellow sand, studded with
dry, wind-blown clumps of scrub palmetto.

Javalie waited until the village of Majolica
was in sight; then he tossed the suit case
far out, clutched his hat in both hands, and
jumped.

  The next few seconds were confusing and
painful. The Palm Beach Limited had not
lost much headway when he flew from the
platform into the candy bed of a dried
ditch. Leaving trains at high speeds was
one of the arts that he had never cultivated.
Yet he jumped scientifically, with his legs
almost straight out, relying upon his mo-
mentum to bring him upright.

  His heels sank inches into powdery white
sand. His knees instantly gave way, and
he pitched forward heavily on hands and
knees. He came dazedly to his feet, and
discovered that his straw hat was in shreds.
It had been carried under the wheels of the
observation car.

  The loss of the hat did not concern Java-
lie. It had served its purpose, and he was
through with it. Its purpose had been to
hide his hair. And new that no restraint
was imposed upon it, his hair fell in a
rippling chestnut mane almost to his shoul-
ders. It was beautiful hair, thick and curl-
ing and fine of texture. It had taken Java-
lie more than a year to grow that splendid
mane.

  He shook it out, ran his fingers through
it, and stared across the tracks toward the
sea. He was still dizzy from the shock of
his descent.

  It was as though he had been deposited
in some bewitched spot from a magic carpet,
or as if he were dreaming a beautiful dream.
The soft blue sea and late afternoon sky
formed a background against wThich stood
a Spanish air castle, a vision of lovely colors
and exquisite grace; a castle of pinks and
blues and milky white in a glorious garden.
A low stone wall of palest rose inclosed
the dream.

  The roof was of deep-blue tile, a roof of
lapis lazuli. Within the walls were the
gardens. The flame of their blossoms was
discernible even at this distance, and the
castle was at least a quarter of a mile away.
Javalie stared at the dream castle with de-
lighted eyes. It was, indeed, a material
166

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

 projection of some great dreamer’s dream,
 and the artist in Javalie responded with a
 kind of ecstasy.

   He drew his glowing eyes away from it
 directly, as if with reluctance. Recovering
 his suit case, he stepped over the tracks
 and entered the pine thicket beyond. In
 the center of the thicket he found a clear-
 ing, and disposed about the clearing like
 sentinels were four cabbage palm trees,
 worn and gray from the beating suns and
 the sand-laden winds of a hundred years.
 He was concealed here from observation in
 every direction.

   He dropped the suit case and stood listen-
 ing. Faintly there came to him from the
 west singing voices. Then all was still
 again. Javalie sat down on the suit case
 and unlaced his oxfords. With one shoe off
 he listened again. A dull, deep thudding
 pulsed through the air; there was a distant
 crackling.

   Javalie waited, with the shoe in his hand,
 his eyes darting sharply to and fro. The
 throbbing of surf on the hard beach was
 resumed.

   He undressed with haste, stripped to the
 skin. And if Sheriff Judson was studying
 Javalie then, which very fortunately for
 Javalie he was not, he would have been a
 greatly astonished man.

   Before he removed the last of his clothing
 —a white silk union suit—Jaca Javalie was
 an ordinary young man with an unusual
 face. When he was undressed he was an
 extraordinary young man altogether. The
 skin of his body, like that of his face, was
 dusky satin. But that of itself was not
 noteworthy. In every gesture, every un-
 conscious attitude, every line, Javalie was
 a beautiful specimen of manhood. He had
 the grace of perfect physical coordination.
 His shoulders, his arms, his slim waist were
 those of a fighter. His chest, shoulders and
 back were corded with muscles. They twist-
 ed and coiled when he moved. He might
 have been training for months to attain this
 condition.

   As a matter of fact, he had been. His
 physical perfection, his muscular develop-
 ment, the glow of vitality under his skin,
 were due to months of the most rigorous
 training. His body was simply in harmony

 with his brain. Javalie overlooked nothing.
 The clothing he had removed he folded and
 assembled into a neat pile. From the black
 suit case he removed a pair of white fiber
 sandals and two garments, both strange.
 One was a white cotton loin cloth; the other
 was a robe of sackcloth, roughly but strong-
 ly stitched. The sleeves reached to his el-
 bows; the hem touched his insteps.

   With the chestnut hair curling about his
face and the gown falling about him loosely,
a transformation was wrought. A divine
sweetness had taken possession of that
clever, ascetic face. The angel, you might
say, had driven the devil out.

   He examined himself in a little square
hand-mirror. He smiled. His lips seemed
to have lost their cruelty. It was the smile
of a pure and beautiful soul, tranquil and
serene. The eyes glowed with a mysterious
and benevolent light.

   Here, indeed, was a man from out of the
ages, significantly familiar, yet elusive—a
man whose beauty and purity of soul shone
like a living flame in his countenance. Me-
thodically Javalie packed his discarded
clothing into the suit case, closed and locked
it, scooped out a hole in the sand and buried
it. The clearing would not be difficult to
find again.

  He walked out of the pine thicket and
crossed the tracks. Proceeding slowly, he
picked his way between bristling beds of
Spanish bayonet toward the magnificent
estate.

CHAPTER III.

THE GREAT VACATION.

THE house of Banning was a house of
discord, a house divided against itself.
Once one forsook the brilliance and
fragrance of sunlight and flowers for the
cool, violet gloom of the great lower hall,
one was, in some manner, made aware of
this. There was a jarring note, elusive but
there—a tension, a prickling uneasiness.

   As six o’clock was tolled in the famous,
carved-stone drawing-room, one would have
been distinctly aware of reasons. Above
the tinkle of a fountain the voice of a man
and a girl sounded strident with displeas-
RED DARKNESS.

167

ure. One assumed that they were quarrel-
ing. They were. From another quarter,
if one listened sharply, could be heard the
voice of another girl, plaintive. In yet an-
other part of the Spanish air castle a deep,
rich voice boomed wrath and profanity. A
door slammed.

  It was an extraordinary atmosphere.

  In a splendid dining room of mahogany
and amber sat the owner of the booming,
wrathful voice—alone. And in keeping with
the dignity of a tribal king, a patriarch, he
sat at the head of the table. It was a re-
fectory table, long and narrow, its beauti-
ful, antique lines concealed beneath a cov-
ering of Irish linen. Two carved silver
candlesticks upheld clusters of candles
whose snowy purity contested with that of
the cloth.

  The table was set for five. Five cocktail
glasses, coolly misted, each containing a
stoned, ripe olive and a transparent topaz
liquid; five assortments of glistening, heavy
silver. A black man in a white uniform
floated through the service door. The man
at the table spoke to him. All five cock-
tail glasses trembled; so did the candle
flames.

  “ What in the devil is the matter? Where
is my son? My daughter? Mme. Jeanne?
That—Mr. Reynolds?”

  This is the voice of Theodore P. Ban-
ning, the richest retired banker in America.
Let us consider him and judge him while
the frightened butler flits about on his un-
happy errand, that of bringing the errant
sheep into the dining room.

  An aristocratic gentleman of about fifty-
five, with a ruddy, rather youthful and ex-
ceedingly stubborn face; an abundance of
ivory-white hair brushed smoothly back;
fiercely blue eyes under bristling tufts not
yet ivory white; a correctly trimmed white
mustache, sans points; a rigid, forceful
mouth; a jaw to stand in awe of; an aristo-
cratic and powerful man of fifty-five boiling
with anger.

  Fortune had lavished certain inalienable
gifts upon Theodore P. Banning, as the
business world of America had been com-
pelled to realize when he was still a very,
very young man. He had sprung from the
most casual of Middle Western stock. He

was inexcusably powerful and dominating.

Modern science provides us with a casual
explanation of Theodore P. Banning and
his kind. The secret of his early power,
his apparently easy success, his later shark-
like grip on the money market, lay in the
fact that he was biologically unusual. He
was not like ordinary men, any more than
Napoleon or Alexander or Bismarck were
like ordinary men.

  Nature had endowed him with an inex-
haustible stream of vitality; nature had
endowed him with an extraordinary equip-
ment of beautifully cooperating energy
glands—adrenals, thyroids and pituitary.
Great men are explained on that basis now.
It is not a question of fate or luck; it is a
question of ductless glands, of hormones.

  At all events, Theodore P. Banning had
poured out his amazing energy, year in and
year out. Men said he never slept, and this
was only a slight exaggeration. For thirty
years he took no more than six hours of
sleep in a night. Every morning of those
thirty years he awoke refreshed and in-
domitable.

  The greatest mistake he ever made was
to retire. Aside from an occasional blind-
ing but short-lived headache, he had never
been ill in his life. He withdrew from busi-
ness, sold out, at the age of fifty-three.
Each of the years he had been on earth
represented to him one million dollars. He
explained that he had made enough, and
that he wanted to enjoy his family.

  His retirement was a signal for great re-
joicing in many quarters. How many men
were spared nervous breakdowns and finan-
cial desolation when T. P. Banning sud-
denly withdrew his heavy fist from the
throttle of his juggernaut it would be im-
possible to estimate. There was rejoicing
among another class of men as well. Among
newspaper men Theodore P. Banning en-
joyed the reputation of being the hardest
man to interview in the financial district.
His tremendous mind was not open to the
public. Like other men who have enjoyed
great power, he had little but contempt for
the public. The average man was a senti-
mental fool. He was the daily victim of
silly emotions. That was Theodore P. Ban-
ning’s attitude toward the public, but he
168

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

was wise enough not to ventilate his private
views.

  When he retired he relented charmingly,
however. He called the amazed newspaper
men into his private office—a temple in
which the clay feet of newspaper men had
never but once before trod, and then during
the panic—and in an interview7 which was
published simultaneously the following day
by every newspaper within reach of a tele-
graph wire he graciously told of his plans
to live happily in the bosom of his family
during the days that were left to him.

  He confessed that he deserved happiness,
for he had worked very hard. He even
unbent to answer a question shot at him
in regard to his formula for success, which
every one of course wanted to know. It
was his reply that “ made ” the interview.
By this reply you will no doubt recognize
the man, recall the interview. “ My suc-
cess is due wholly to a simple rule, which
I have not once violated. It is: Get up
one hour before the other fellow gets up,
and go to bed one hour after the other fel-
low goes to bed.”

  Thus it was discovered that the mighty
Banning never took more than six hours
of sleep in a night—and never napped in
the daytime. And this simple, homely rule
on which the mighty Banning modestly
based his success was freely commented on
all over the world.

  Foolish young men all over the world
tried out the rule. Did they become in
due course of time leaders of men and au-
tocrats of finance? Of course not. But
how were they to know that Banning, like
Napoleon and Alexander and Bismarck and
a few other of nature’s darlings, wras a
biological freak—that a formula of success
is a formula of success only when it meets
one’s individual requirements?

  At all events, Banning retired, and sought
in the bosom of his family the happiness he
so justly deserved. What if his children
happened to be perfect strangers to him?
That could be easily remedied.

  His wife was in England when the cele-
brated interview was published. She read
it in the London Times, and wrote him a
keen little note on stiff, creamy stationery
which contained a coat of arms, in relief,

in the upper right-hand corner. She was
no longer Mrs. Banning; she was Lady
Northam now. Years ago, when the chil-
dren were young, she had tired of his for-
mula for success—after he had persisted
in applying the formula to her own regi-
men—and secured a divorce and married
Lord Northam, a man several years younger
than herself, whose formula for success was
quite the other way around—if he hap-
pened to have one, which is doubtful. The
keen little note went the way of the other
keen little notes which his wife, from time
to time, addressed to him on family mat-
ters; and he entered upon the great vaca-
tion with a spirit that was nothing if not
characteristic of him.

  As one of the foremost among America’s
Aladdins, he caused to be erected in a
breathless hurry two splendid temples to
the architectural art—the Spanish air castle
in Florida, and a French chateau at South-
ampton.

  We come now to a trait in his character
which is not so easy to understand, unless
it be classified under greed, which was
doubtless the dominating force of his career,
the fire under the boiler, so to speak. This
trait, as well as his own freakish revelation
of it, is not uncommon among rich men.
Very rich bankers are often addicted to the
weakness of carrying upon their persons
huge sums of money—more money than
they could possibly find employment for
under any contingency. Very rich men gen-
erally pay their bills twice or three times
a year.

  Carrying about such immense sums as
they often do is foolish, obviously; and it
is a confession of the greed which domi-
nates them, which has made them what they
are—rich bankers. Perhaps it is partly
fear; perhaps it is analogous to the miser’s
despised habit of fingering, counting his
gold, silver, and copper. To touch—to feel
—to gloat over!

  In a steel vault embedded in the concrete
back wall of a windowless alcove adjoining
Theodore P. Banning’s bedroom were, lit-
erally, shelves full of money. Not stocks
and bonds; these were efficiently looked af-
ter by a famous New York trust company.
But money—currency; crisp new bills in
RED DARKNESS.

169

neat packs; hundred-dollar bills; five-
hundred-dollar bills; thousand-dollar bills;
cash; every cent of it legal tender, drawing
no interest; beautiful green and yellow en-
gravings.

  That vault contained, one might say,
Theodore P. Banning’s art gallery. He
loved money. Not for what it could buy,
not because it represented the sweat of his
brow, but for what it was. If he had any
hobby at all, it was that of playing with
his money. He loved to look at it; he
loved to handle it; and it was safe. No
thieves could break into that vault. The
door and the walls were a foot thick. An
electric or an oxyacetylene torch could cut
through, perhaps—but in how many hours?

A three-dial combination guarded its open
sesame.

  Unless one is well acquainted with the
higher orders of greed, Mr, Banning’s art
gallery was a hard thing to understand in
a man who was, in most other respects,
so rational, so unimaginative. It was like
biting into an apple and finding a worm.
His only other weakness—and it is hardly
fair to term it a weakness—was his very
positive but very private belief in spirits.
Not that he had the slightest desire to
communicate with any of them, for he
hadn’t; the subject merely gratified a cu-
rious grain of mysticism which ran through
his psychic fiber.

   Upon his retirement it developed that
there was another worm in the apple. He
was determined to lead his children’s lives
for them. The tremendous flow of energy
which had washed him to success and power
must have an outlet. He had, while fight-
ing for his millions, pictured himself in his
twilight years in the role of indulgent fa-
ther, gentle guide, and loving friend. And
when the time came he found that his
two children, Nan and Teddy, were perfect
strangers to him, almost enemies—for they
were members of an amazing new genera-
tion that he did not understand.

    They declined to share any interests with
  him. They were willfully determined to
  include him in none of their affairs. Why
  should they? They had never done so be-
  fore; why, simply because he had descend-
  ed in their midst—like a strange airplane

out of the blue—should they do so now?
When their attitude became clear to him
he was shocked and offended. Was he not
their father? Did they not owe to him every
stitch on their backs, every morsel of food
that went into their mouths, every dollar
they squandered on their frivolities? Had
he not slaved for them for thirty hard
years? Was he not entitled to every atom
of their affection, every hour of their time,
every thought that passed through their
heads ?

   He did not, of course, put this in words.
He awaited impatiently the adjustment that
time would make. Time went by and their
aloofness did not diminish. He grew irri-
table and condemnatory. He fought with
them. He threatened dire punishments.
The breach widened—and he knew what it
was to suffer agony. He had learned to
know agon}'- intimately when his wife left
him for the gay Lord Northam; but this
agony was worse. He suffered as only
proud monarchs know how to suffer. He
was enacting the leading role, as we in-
telligently have perceived, in the great fam-
ily tragedy of America—a tragedy which
is decidedly more American than European
or Chinese.

  Children must grow up and divorce them-
selves from the parent stock. That divorce
is their passport to life. The present,
highly criticized generation, more vehement-
ly than any previous one, is demanding its
passports.

  Theodore P. Banning did not know that
there was a new generation. He had fatu-
ously believed all of these years that his
children were simply his children. They
were his! By God, they would remain his!
For two years the house of Banning had
been a house of discord, a house divided
against itself.

   It was a fight to the death.

CHAPTER IV.

MR. BANNING IN ACTION.

 THE first member of his household to
 appear in answer to the tribal king’s
 thrice-repeated summons was his
 daughter-in-law, Mme. Jeanne. She ap-
170

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY,

   proached the table with the air of one who
   would not have been greatly astonished if
   one of the handsome silver candlesticks had
   been hurled at her. She sidled into the
   chair on Mr. Banning’s left with the tragic
   meekness of an abused kitten.

    The young lady had recently been cry-
   ing. Her eyelids were#reddened, her cheeks
   swollen. In all other respects, Mme. Jeanne
   was singularly attractive. Ringlets of glossy
   black hair were done up in a quaint and
   becoming manner on the top of her head.

     She was a tiny thing, with beautiful slim
   legs and beautiful snow-white arms. Her
   mouth was so small that one wondered at
   times if it were really there. Mr. Banning
   used to refer to her jovially, at first, as
   “ Teddy’s watch charm.” In all sentimen-
   tal transactions he dealt extensively in time-
   honored bromides. Now, as he regarded
   the red eyelids and the swollen cheeks, his
   air was one of frank dislike.

    “ Where is my son?”

     Mme. Jeanne and the five cocktail glasses
   shivered.

    “ Oh, mon pere, je—”

    “ Don’t talk that damned language in
my presence!”

   She stared at him hopelessly, her soft
brown eyes melting, her little hands
clutched in her lap. The tip of a tiny red
tongue protruded momentarily. It always
did when Mme. Jeanne was distraught; it
was only a little, uncontrollable nervous
gesture, not intended to be impudent.

   “ Don’t stick your tongue out that way,
 please”

   “ I am saw-r-ee.”

   “ You have not answered my question.”

   “ But Teddy ees sleeping.”

   Mr. Banning leaned forward, pushing the
 silver out of his way. His lower jaw pro-
 truded.

   “ Get him,” he grated. “ I don’t care if
 he has to be carried to the table. I am sick
 and tired of this nonsense. Do you under-
 stand me?”

   An event in the arched doorway provided
a distraction. A confused impression of
blue, pink and yellow momentarily pre-
vailed as a girl flew, rather than ran, into
the room, pursued by a laughing young
man in white cricket cloth.

    . Nanette Banning had entered the tribal
  king’s presence with her customary dignity
  and reserve. She was the girl whom, deep
  in his heart in the old, pre-vacation days,
  Mr. Banning had fatuously cherished as
  “ the apple of my eye.” He had once heari
  a doting father refer in such terms to a
  successful daughter, and Mr. Banning,
  lacking imagination, had made the phrase
  his own.

    An impartial judge of the older school
  would have been hard put to decide wheth-
  er or not Miss Banning could be called
  “successful.” A jury of her peers would
  unquestionably have given her a rousing,
  unanimous acquittal; for she could smoke
  more cigarettes, drink more educated gin,
  dance longer, drive a car better, and hand
  out a snappier line than any of her near
  competitors. She had been described by
  her contemporaries, variously, as the cat’s
  vest, the eel’s elbow, and the bee’s knee.
  Could praise be any higher?

    The apple of Mr. Banning’s kindling
  eye, to use a more discreet phrase, was a
  portrait of her mother at twenty-one, a
  radiant beauty. But Nanette possessed
  that which her mother had never possessed
  —fire. And it wasn’t divine fire, either.

    Blue-eyed, golden-haired, with the com-
 plexion of a Delaware peach, she had cap-
 tured, somewhere along in her late ’teens,
 an irreverence of manner that provoked
 and exasperated her father beyond articu-
 lation. He had hoped to subdue her during
 the great vacation, but all of his crude and
 heavy-handed efforts had only seemed to
 make her worse.

   She had absolutely no regard for his feel-
 ings. She was not the sweet, affectionate
 daughter of whom he had dreamed such
 pretty dreams—a daughter who would cud-
 dle up on the arm of his chair of an eve-
 ning and charmingly apply matches to his
 continually expiring invincibles. Where she
 got her lawlessness from was beyond him;
 certainly not from him.

  Mr. Banning had changed his attitude
 only enough to look over at her when she
 flopped into her chair; the thunderstorm in
 his eyes had not diminished a particle.

  “ Where have you been all day,
Nanette?”
RED DARKNESS.

171

  Miss Banning lifted her eyes and sang
sweetly, “ Oh, Gloom, where is thy vic-
tor-ee?”

  He snapped; Answer my question!”

  She bent forward, pushed the yellow hair
out of her blue eyes, and mimicked her
father’s blood-curdling expression.

   “ In bed,” she grated.

  “ You came in at seven this morning.”

  “ Quarter of eight, dad; don’t cheat me.”

  “ Where were you?”

  “ Ha! Pete and I went fishing.”

  “ Fishing!”

  No italics can convey the shocked amaze-
ment and incredulity which Mr. Banning
embodied in his gasp.

  “ Yes, dad—with an ivory-handled rake.
But the fish got away with all our bait.
We dropped—urn—let’s see—about three
thousand. Oh, we had a slick time, didn’t
we. Pete? Most wonderful night. Moon;
stars—”

  Peter Reynolds’s position in the Banning
household was not an easy one to define.
He w’as a gracious, well-mannered young
man on the leeward side of forty—he
claimed thirty-four—with thinning light-
brown hair through which his scalp shone
pinkly. He danced wonderfully. Nan had
met him at a dance a month or so ago at
the Royal Poincianna, and had forthwith
acquired him.

  In private conversations with his daugh-
ter Mr. Banning scornfully referred to their
guest as “ that damned beach comber.”
Yet he had nothing against Pete Reynolds
except that Nan liked him and that he
spoke French well enough to converse un-
intelligibly—to him—with Mme. Jeanne.
Certainly—with the possible exception of
Mme. Jeanne—he was the least trouble-
some member of the family. Pete was, in
fact, the very soul of diplomacy.

  “ Was Ted with you?”

  “ Nope.”

  “ He wasn’t?” Mr. Banning now ad-
dressed fresh thunderclouds at the unhappy
Jeanne. “ Where was he, madame?"

  “ I do not know, my father.”

  “ You do not know! You are his wife,
  and you do not know where your husband
  spent the night! My God! What time was
  it when he came in?”

  “ Eet was seex, p’r’aps seffen.”

  “ Why weren’t you with him?”

  Nan snorted.

   “ Dad, for the love of Mike, let the poor
child alone. Pick on somebody your size.
Pick on me.”

  “ I will attend to you in one moment.
Madame, I told you to tell your husband
to come down. Do you intend—”

  But Mme. Jeanne, with a swish of silk,
a twinkling of slim ankles, had bolted.

  Mr. Banning, with a slow, convulsive
movement of the shoulders, hunched the
collar of his white linen coat a fraction of
an inch upward. He deposited his elbows
on the table and clasped his hands under
his nose. Boards of directors had learned
to squirm in their chairs when Mr. Ban-
ning did nothing but this. It corresponded
to a slap across the cheek with a gauntlet;
it meant, “ Look to your steel! ” When
Theodore P. Banning planted his elbows
on a table and clasped his hands under
his nose, some one was going to be hurt.
In the two years Nan had known him
she had learned to interpret these signals
correctly.

  They did not frighten her in the least,
and she had yet to be vanquished. Her
father should have know7n that it is noth-
ing but folly to carry battlefield tactics into
the bosom of one’s family. But Mr. Ban-
ning was a difficult man to teach; he much
preferred to instruct others.

  A clash now was inevitable. Nan, sip-
ping her cocktail, contemplated him over
the rim of the glass with luminous blue eyes.
They were beautiful, provocative eyes. She
put the glass down and fished for the olive
with slim white fingers.

  “ Fire when ready, Gridley.”

   “ I am going to tell you something,” her
father began firmly.

  “ Ah. You are sick and tired of my
conduct.”

  He squinted, and when his eyes opened
they seemed to flash.

  “ I am sick and tired of your conduct.
This has been hanging in the air for days.
I am going to settle it to-night—now! This
is—the end!”

  “ Oh, dad, how dramatic! Do go on!”
  “ I want no more of your impertinence.
172

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

1 have tried, for the past two years, to
understand you. I have tried—”

   “ But, dad, you haven’t, really. You
have positively neglected me. You haven’t
courted me at all. The past two years
have been nothing but a continued per-
formance of, ‘ Nan, don’t do this ‘ Nan,
you mustn’t do that ‘Nan, I disapprove
of her ‘ Nan, I think he’s a common for-
tune hunter.’

   “ And when you haven’t been blacklist-
ing my actions and my friends, you’ve been
plunged in disgusting—perfectly disgusting
—poker orgies. You haven’t tried to un-
derstand me. You haven’t tried to be nice.
I don’t think you have any cause to com-
plain at all. Really, father.”

   But Mr. Banning was not to be side-
tracked so easily.

   “ You were out all night.”

   “ I admitted it. Pete will bear me out.
We were playing a perfectly innocuous rou-
lette system at Bradley’s. It’s a good sys-
tem, even if it didn’t work. You simply
alternate on the—”

   “ All night,” he repeated. “ All night
with a man I don’t know from Adam’s off
ox. You say—”

   Nan thumped the table with a clenched
fist and sprang to her feet.

   “ I won’t stand for that! If my own
father is going to cast reflections—”

   He managed a final interrogation:

   “ How do I know?”

   But it left him wide open to a killing
thrust, and he knew it.

  She replied curtly: “ You have my
word!”

   Of course, she had skillfully brought it
around to that. Mr. Banning removed his
elbows reluctantly from the table. One of
the things one does not do, in questions
involving honor, is to doubt one’s daugh-
ter’s word.

   But Mr. Banning was not defeated; he
was only outwitted. He was merely re-
tiring to bring up fresh reenforcements.

   Nan resumed her seat with sullen eyes
and blazing cheeks. She sighed wearily.
Her father had never, he was forced to
admit, seen her so beautiful as she was
now, radiant with emotions only partly ex-
pended.

  When she was angry, indignant, as she
was always after their little tilts, she blazed
with a beauty that actually pained him—
his heart. Why would she not learn that
his reiterated dont’s were his only way of
conveying his love? He was not, he fre-
quently told himself, a demonstrative man.
Why would she not meet him halfway?
He adored her. Was she blind to that?
Did she really hate him? Why, then, was
she so unkind?

   He was still staring reproachfully at his
cocktail glass when his son, trailed by poor,
frightened Mme. Jeanne, entered the scene.
Theodore P. Banning, Jr., did not come
all the way into the dining room. He
stopped in the doorway, with a purple
dressing gown folded Indian style about
him, a grotesque figure, with dark hair
disheveled, eyes nearly closed and very
murky, a face that might have been
chalked. He glanced sulkily from Pete
Reynolds to his sister, thence on to his
father.

   There was all but scarlet murder in his
father’s eyes.

  Now, if Theodore P. Banning adored his
daughter, he fairly worshiped the ground
upon which his only son walked. Cast in
his own image, eye for eye, bone for bone,
sinew for sinew, he was something more
than a chip of the old block. He lacked,
it was true, his father’s driving, dynamo-
like energy, but he made up for it in other
ways.

  He was very quiet, very slow, very me-
thodical, lacking entirely his sister’s spon-
taneity. His anger was not easy to arouse,
but when it was aroused it was dangerous.
It burned steady and long; it didn’t
flare up and die out as did Nanette’s. He
thought things out, Teddy did. He was
something of a dreamer, a philosopher; and,
being a philosopher, he frequently sought
solace in drink.

  Loving his only son as he did, it was
only natural that Mr. Banning should be-
tray his tenderness constantly in his attitude
toward him. His attitude, therefore, was
one of constant abuse. He abused Teddy
at every propitious opportunity; he tam-
pered with his private affairs whether the
opportunity was propitious or not.
RED DARKNESS.

173

  A case in point was the late and not
unlamented war. When the time came for
us to participate Teddy was old enough
to go—eighteen. He was a healthy speci-
men, well built, strong, and endowed with
amazing powers of endurance. He was ad-
mirably fitted in all respects for service in
the front-line trenches. He volunteered
before the draft caught him. His father,
who had not been consulted, merely gave a
few casual suggestions to one of his secre-
taries.

  Within two weeks Teddy discovered him-
self in the act of being transferred from an
infantry training camp to a second lieuten-
ancy in a non-participating Washington
bureau.

  It took some time for Teddy to trace
effects back to their causes. When he iden-
tified his father’s fine Spencerian hand, as
he presently did, he applied for leave, ob-
tained it, and went to New York. He had
been given time to think it over, and the
more he thought the angrier he became.

  In no uncertain terms he told his fa-
ther not only what he thought of slackers,
but of those custard-hearted beings who sat
in the seats of the mighty and contributed
to the delinquency of slackers. It was the
first real clash they had had, and the fa-
ther was too proud of his son and too
ashamed of himself to do aught but yield.
When next heard from Teddy was throwing
hand grenades in Picardy and enjoying his
leaves with the son of a Tonowanda, New
York, dry goods merchant.

   He returned in the spring of 1920 from
occupied territory with a French bride, fed
up with the soldier business, and eager to
take part in the universal reconstruction
program which was being discussed so
largely by the newspapers about then. He
was merely leaping, it proved, from the
frying pan to the fire; for it was imme-
diately after his return that Mr. Banning
had decided to take the great vacation, to
become the indulgent father, the gentle
guide and the loving friend of his two hand-
some children.

   His son, lounging white-cheeked and
  blue-lipped in the dining room doorway,
  after a night spent God knew how and
  with whom, was eloquent testimony to the

 kind of success that had crowned his ef-
 forts.

 Teddy said surlily:

 “ I am not hungry. I don’t want any-
 thing to eat. All I want is sleep. I’ve
 got a headache, and I feel rotten. I wish
 you’d leave me alone.”

 His father glared at him a moment.

 “ Theodore, where were you last night?”
 “ Down the road.”

 “ Drinking?”

 “ Certainly.”

 “ Don’t be impertinent.”

 A muttered, “Oh, Lord!” Distinctly,
 “ Yes, sir; drinking.”

 “ What else?”

 “ What else? God knows.”

 “ Were there women in the party?”

 “ I don’t know. I don’t remember.”

 “ What do you remember?”

 The boy straightened up, angry finally.
 “ What is the charge, father? Murder?”

 “ I want you to answer my questions civ-
 illy. I am sick and tired of your conduct.
 Leaving your wife alone here all night!
 Coming in after sunrise this morning, look-
 ing like some degenerate alley ruffian! I
 demand an explanation.”

 Teddy glanced at his sister, who snorted
 contemptuously; then back at his father
 with a weary sigh.

 “ There isn’t any.”

 The insolence of the sigh was the last
 straw. His father lurched to his feet with
 knotty veins bulging out in his forehead.
 His complexion seemed to be turning black.
 His eyes bulged horribly. He brought his
 fist down on the table with a smash and
 shook with futile rage. Well, the explosion
 had come at last.

 “ You— You—” He shook his fist at his
 son; shookrit again at his daughter. “ My
 children!” He laughed wildly, mockingly.
 “ My darling children! Look at you! An
 impertinent, shiftless vagabond and a
 drunkard for a son! A gin-drinking,
 cigarette-smoking, gambling she-devil for a
 daughter, who stays out all night with
 damned beach combers! ”

 Pete Reynolds ventured indignantly:
 “ See here now! By Jove, I won’t—”

 Mr. Banning ignored him and backed
 through the doorway.
174

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  “ So this is what I’ve slaved and driven
myself for all my life! I tell you—I tell
vou, damn you, I wish you’d never been
born!”

  Nanette sang tauntingly as he vanished:
“ Gosh! Are we to be blamed for that,
too?”

CHAPTER V.

hatred’s ugly light.

A BALMY, languorous breeze, fragrant
and fresh from the Gulf Stream,
greeted Mr. Banning when he strode
furiously out of his house and upon the
great southern veranda; a balmy, languor-
ous breeze and the strangest apparition it
had ever been his privilege to gaze on—a
handsome, dark-skinned young man in a
robe of brown burlap which reached almost
to his toes; a slender, athletic young man
with a flowing chestnut mane which reached
almost to his shoulders, framing a counte-
nance in which benevolence shone like a liv-
ing flame.

  He was smiling tranquilly, as if his
thoughts were good, and his eyes were se-
rene and humble. Mr. Banning drew in
his breath swiftly and exhaled it with the
words: “ Good God! Where did you come
from?”

  The answer, in a voice as rich, as musical,
as full, as an organ note, was as astonishing
as the apparition: “I am the voice of one
crying in the wilderness.”

  Mr. Banning continued to stare at him
as if bewitched. Then shades of doubt
and suspicion flickered over his eyes. He
had cut his wisdom teeth in an environment
where cranks were bluntly dealt with. He
snapped: “ Who are you?”

  “ My spirit is one that surpasseth all
worldly understanding.”

  Mr. Banning waved an impatient hand
up and down.

  “ That—that sack affair you're wearing,”
he said. “ What's the idea? That's what
I mean.”

  “ The good in heart are simple,” Javalie
explained with a forgiving smile.

  The banker scratched his head. What
he could not understand, all other things

being understandable, was the expression
in this queerly garbed young man’s hand-
some dark face. He had never, except at
a distance, beheld bona-fide holiness, and
he strongly suspected that it was shining
before him now.

  “ Humph. Well—uh—what can I do for
you?”

  “ Nothing, my friend. I do not take; I
give.”

  “ Nothing.” Mr. Banning surrendered
unreservedly to amazement now. “ Well,
then, what—what—”

  “ I have been drawn here, I do not know
why,” the astonishing stranger assisted him
in his full, rich, beautiful voice. “ Such
things are beyond my power to explain.
There is trouble in this house; there is
hatred. I do not know why I know, but it
has been revealed to me.

  “You are the master here? Ah, yes.
You consider yourself a rich man? To be
sure! Yet you are not. You are poorer
by far than I—and all I have in the world
is this coarse robe, these poor sandals. Did
you not realize that the moment you saw
me, my friend? You did not know why you
knew, but you knew.”

  “ Well, I'll—” Mr. Banning began in a
strangled voice. “ Well, I'll be—” he tried
again; and again checked himself, although
he was fairly blinking with bewilderment.

  And because he omitted that perfectly
natural ‘‘ damned,” Javalie knew that the
most difficult step in the execution of his
difficult and delicate program—the one that
had worried him the most—had been trium-
phantly taken.

  “ See here, young man—” Mr. Banning
was still struggling with worldly doubts on
the one hand, and the silvery grain of mys-
ticism which ran through his psychic fiber
on the other.

  He yielded, still struggling, to the latter.

‘‘ Sit down. Sit down. What did you say
brought you here?”

  He had, as always when his interest was
captivated, lighted one of his long, black
Havana specials. Dragging a Singapore
lounging chair close to the one he had
settled himself in, he thumped on the arm of
it imperatively.

  The young man in the sackcloth garment
RED DARKNESS.

   seemed not to have heard him. With a
   hand shading his eyes, he was gazing across
   the flaming banks of poinsettia and bou-
   gainvillea toward the sun, the sanguine crest
   of which was just visible above the pine
   thicket across the tracks.

     His lips were moving, as if in silent
   prayer. For a half minute at least he was
   engaged thus, then he squatted on the floor
   and looked searchingly into the retired
   banker’s flushed face.

     Mr. Banning frowned and puffed.

     “ By Jove! What in the—what are you,
   young man—a sun worshiper?”

      “ Life goes into the west,” Javalie replied
    very low.

     Mr. Banning’s frown darkened. “ Are
   you a pilgrim?”

     “ A pilgrim? Of a sort, perhaps.”

     “ What else? A healer? Do you lay on
   hands, or—”

     He checked himself.

     Javalie was gazing at him sternly, the
   lines about his mouth hardening.

     “ Do you question the power that lies
   within yourself? Do you question the
   source of the good that resides in one man,
   of the evil that dominates another? Why
   do you ask these empty questions? You
   say, ‘ Where do you come from? What
   can I do for you? What are you? What is
   your name?’ I say, I come from every-
   where—from the mountains, the deserts, the
   seas. I say I am the symbol of a power
   which heals the wounds of souls. You do
   not understand me? I say this is a house
   of hatred. It blazes out like an ugly light.
   That is why I am here. You cannot un-
   derstand that I want nothing from you, but
   you will not turn me away.

     “ You do not believe me. You say, he
\ is a beggar. You say, he is a thief. It is
in your eyes. But your heart knows that
your eyes are lying.”

‘‘Good Lord!” Mr. Banning declared.
“ Look here, my friend, forget what my
eyes are saying; forget what my heart is
fi thinking. Listen to me a moment. I have
made a lifelong study of men’s faces, and
yours is a stranger to me. What you’ve said
it’s true! How you’ve come by that knowl-
edge I don’t pretend to understand. The
nameless man from nowhere, eh? Come

into this house with me. I’ll show you
where that ugly light of hatred is coming

from! ”

  Javalie followed. He did not miscon-
strue the motives w7hich underlay Mr. Ban-
ning’s eager invitation.

  Mr. Banning looked upon him as a freak.
He would be proud to exhibit such an un-
usual find. At the same time, Mr. Banning,
who had all of his life dealt with hard, cold
facts, had encountered, probably for the
first time, a man who positively refused to
deal with facts.

  He was impressed even more than he
realized.

CHAPTER VI.

JORDAN IS A HARD ROAD

FOLLOWING the tribal king’s precipi-
tate retirement, the dining room had
been given over to warm discussion.
Pete Reynolds had a solution at the tip of
his ever-ready tongue. He remarked with
a crushed air:

  “ I know what’s wrong. I’ve worn the
‘ Welcome ’ off the mat. The row started
over me—Adam’s off ox, alias the damned
beach comber. It will clear the ozone if I
fold my tent like the Arabs. I will fold to-
morrow’.”

  Nan Banni*g turned on him tigerishly.
“ Pete Reynolds, you’ll do nothing of the
kind. You don’t figure in this at all. Dad
is simply wild at the wray Ted’s been cutting
up; he takes it out on the guilty and inno-
cent alike. And I don’t blame him.”

  Her brother glided swiftly across the
room, fumbling at the hem of his purple
dressing gown. He slipped into his father’s
chair, sagged over the table, and peered
leeringly into his sister’s flushed face.

  “The hell you say! I’d like to know
when you were elected to sit in judgment
on the things I do. You give me a pain.
All of you give me a pain. If he isn’t rag-
ging me, you’re pulling some of your cold
storage sarcasm. And when it isn’t you,
Jeanne is whimpering about the way-—”
Jeanne, forlorn, wet-eyed, all but forgot-
ten in the doorway, whimperingly protest-
ed, “ Mon cfter, tu n’as pas—”
176

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  He spat at her, “ Tai toi! Venez ici!
Asseyez vous! We are going to settle this
now—who’s who and what’s what!”

  Mme. Jeanne crept to the table and slunk
into her chair with bowed head and tremu-
lous throat.

  Nan reached over suddenly and patted
her brother’s hand.

  “ Now, Ted, just hold your prancing stal-
lions a minute and listen to what I have to
offer. Leave Jeanne out of it. We know
you made a mistake when you married her,
but that’s something to settle some other
time.

  “ What we’ve got to face is the big mis-
take we came home from the war to. We’re
neither of us fitted to earn our own living,
and if this feud goes much further our wor-
shiped parent is going to turn us out in the
most approved movie style. It’s in the air,
as he said. We’re in for it. Let’s face the
facts.

  “ Now, here’s what I’m going to do. I’m
going to tell that high-handed monarch ex-
actly what I think of him. Then— Listen,
Ted. Pete wants to marry me. At least,
he admits it under sufficient stimulation,
when sufficiently pressed. It’s up to Pete.
My notion is that we simply ought to beat
it. Father will cut me off without cigarette
money. Let him, damn it. I’m tired of
jazz, anyhow. Pete’s poor as blazes, but
we’re both young. We’re n»t afraid.”

  “ I don’t believe,” Pete put in sagacious-
ly, “ that we should do anything so—well,
so rash, to-night. Wait until after the
party, anyhow.”

  Nan shifted her attention to him, gazed
at him with hard, speculative young eyes.
“What do you mean by that, Pete?” she
asked softly.

  Her brother sneered.

  “ I’ll tell you what he means by that,”
he drawled. “ He means he’s yellow. He
means he’s nothing but a rotten he-gold-
digger—that’s what he means! ”

  Nan shrieked.

  Pete Reynolds had flung one arm across
her face as he grasped a handful of Teddy’s
hair. With the other he was preparing to
strike.

  Mme. Jeanne was pressing a bouillon
spoon hysterically to her breast.

  The tableau had progressed thus far when
Mr. Banning and Javalie entered.

  “ Here, my friend,” the banker cried
gloatingly, “ is the source of that ugly light
of hatred! Mr. Reynolds, kindly resume
your seat. Theodore, will you oblige me by
taking your customary place? I wish to
introduce to you a gentleman from afar—
a gentleman without a name, whose philos-
ophy may entertain you. The keynote he
strikes, as you will observe, is extreme sim-
plicity.”

  Mr. Banning flashed an ironical smile
about the table.

  The light from the northern window had
dimmed. The candle flames flickered at the
tops of their long, virtuously white stems,
and glowed pallidly upon surprised faces.
Teddy, suddenly relaxed, was grinning.
Nan’s smile was like that of Mona Lisa’s,
there and still not there. Jeanne was star-
ing, with mouth agape, as though the tall,
shadowy figure in the sackcloth robe might
have been a vision, or a specter, perhaps.
The candlelight invested Javalie with an air
of mysticism, almost of unearthliness, which
the glow of sunset had only suggested. It
softened the lines of his meuth and jaw;
it deepened his eyes and heightened their
mystery.

  Pete Reynolds was studying him through
suddenly narrowed eyes; and it was upon
Reynolds that Javalie bestowed his longest
glance.

  He was not smiling. He advanced to
the foot of the table, and there he stopped,
with his hands clasped behind him and
an expression of wonderment upon his face.
The spell was broken by the entrance of
the colored butler, who halted and gazed
with blinking eyes at the apparition.

  He was brought to earth by Mr. Ban-
ning.

  “ Don’t stand there like a gibbering
idiot. A chair for this gentleman.”

  Javalie said gravely: “I do not use a
chair.”

  This was greeted by a moment of un-
certain silence, then a chorus of laughter.
The negro retired in a daze.

  “ Won’t you have a drink, Mr.—Mr.
Gentleman Without a Name? This hasn’t
been touched.”

                   1	A
RED DARKNESS.

177

  Nan pushed her brother's cocktail glass
toward him without moving her eyes from
his.

  Javalie met her slightly mischievous gaze
with one of tranquil benevolence. She
seemed to become aware then, for the first
time, that his face was made up of integral
parts. She relinquished the cocktail, with-
drew her hand, and candidly stared at him.
Then she shifted her eyes quickly to her
father, whe, in Javalie’s own attitude, with
arms behind him, was staring triumphantly
down at her.

  “ Well, Nan?”

  “ Dad, what does this mean?”

  “ I don’t know, Nan. The young man is
a stranger to me.”

  “ At all events,” Pete Reynolds mur-
mured dryly, “ he does not look upon the
gin when it is synthetic.”

  Nan shrugged her shoulder nearest Pete
to enjoin silence, and addressed the mystery
man directly.

  “ Do you mean you’re not going to tell
us who you are—or where you’ve come
from?” she said softly.

  Teddy was leaning forward with drooping
lids and a twisted grin. “ How was every-
body up on Mars when you left?”

  Nan was no longer smiling. The same
ineffable thing in the stranger’s dark, hand-
some face that her father had described,
for lack of a better name, as holiness, was
making its appeal to her. Something in his
deep-set, penetrating eyes, in the expres-
sion about his serene mouth, sobered her.
It was one of the most interesting faces
she had ever seen, and, with the mellow
light of the candles playing upon it, it
reminded her of some one. Her brain raced
back to an afternoon in Paris—a stroll
through the Louvre—a portrait of Ignatius
of Loyola!

    “ You’re a Jesuit!” she cried.

    “ Nor a Franciscan, nor a Trappist,”
  Javalie said gravely. “ But a stumbler
  along the blind trail that we call life. You
  ask me questions that I cannot answer.
  I came to this house without knowing
  why—”

   “Hold on, young man!” Mr. Banning
  stopped him. “ You came to this house
  because you saw a bright and ugly light!”

     2	A

 No one but Nan took this seriously. “ A

 bright and ugly light?”

 “ Hatred,’’ said her father kindly.

 “ A fanatic,” Reynolds muttered.

 Javalie regarded him thoughtfully and, it

 seemed, with a measure of relief.

 “ I am what I seem to be. That is what
 we all are. We live, and so we are. We
 are written in plain letters for the others to
 read.”

 “ Holy man,” Nan inquired solemnly,

 “ can you read me? Or is the writing sim-
 ply unpublishable?”

 He gravely answered: “ The writing, as
 it is written by your own acts, is distressing-
 ly vivid.”

 There was a mild explosion from Mr.
 Banning.

 “ I knew it! The man is a genius.
 ‘Distressingly vivid!’ Isn’t it perfect?
 I’ve hunted for that phrase for the past two
 years. And this young lady—my daughter-
 in-law?”

 “ A bleeding heart.”
 u Oh, juniper!” exclaimed Teddy.

 His father glared at him. “ This young
 man knows what he is talking about, Theo-
 dore. How—how about me—uh—holy
 man?”

 “ Cold steel.”

 “ Here, now! Here, that isn’t—”

 “ Perfect!” Nan cried. “ And this gen-
 tleman—Mr. Reynolds?”

 “ Sifting sand.”

 Every one laughed but Reynolds, who
 scowled.

 “ Gorgeous! ” agreed Nan. “ And my
 brother—”

 “ Red darkness.”

 “ Perfectly slick!”

 “ What do you mean by that?” Mr. Ban-
 ning demanded.

 “ You have asked for symbols,” Javalie
 replied. “ I do not try to interpret them—
 so soon.”

 “ Do you read palms, too, holy man?”
 Nan inquired innocently.

 He gazed at her as he had done before,
 with that wondering, serene gaze, which
 seemed to penetrate to the very core of
 her.

 She resisted it as long as she could, and
 her eyes suddenly dropped. It was the first
178

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

time in memory that a man had been able
to make her do that.

  It was confusing, but she glanced up
sparklingly.

  “ How long would it take you to inter-
pret our symbols?”

   Javalie’s head moved vaguely.

  “ Stay until you’ve done it!” Mr. Ban-
ning exclaimed.

   Nan added hurriedly: “ Of course you’ll
stay, won’t you? We’d love to have you.”

   “ Of course he’ll stay!”

  “ Stick around, old trouper,” Teddy
urged him huskily. “ If you think you saw
an ugly light, wait until you’ve been in
this happy household a day or two. Huh!
Wait until the shindig starts to-night.”

   “ Duty has called me here,” Javalie ad-
mitted quietly. “ Yes, I’ll stay.”

  The negro had returned with bouillon
cups and dishes of salted wafers. Javalie,
at his appearance, had turned gracefully
to the west. With one hand at his fore-
head, his lips moved rapidly, as if in prayer.
The silence was, except for the remote rum-
bling of the surf, absolute while he per-
formed this rite.

  No one was smiling now but the banker,
and his was the unchanged smile of tri-
umph with which he had inducted his find
into the bosom of his family.

  When Javalie turned back to the table,
his host asked gayly: “ Do you eat all of
your meals buffet style?”

  “ I must stand while eating. Food is no
less a gift from Heaven than the light from
the sun and the stars.” He smiled tender-
ly. “ It is one of my beliefs.”

  “ Your own personal belief?” Nan want-
ed to know.

  He nodded.

  “ You mean, you don’t belong to any
sect?”

  “ To none that I know of.”

  “ Are you—proselyting?”

  He smiled again. “ Perhaps I am in
error. No; I cannot take that responsibil-
ity. I have seen no visions. I am not a
St. Ignatius. How and why my beliefs are
inspired—I know not. I have stumbled, I
have fallen, but—I have risen to my feet
again.” His wonderful eyes glowed with re-
ligious fervor.

  “ And you believe you’ve got to stand
 while eating?”

   “ Yes, my friend.”

  Mr. Banning nodded amiably. “ Do just
 as you please. It is the law of this house-
 hold. Every one does as he pleases and
 answers to no one. You’ll have soup?”

   “ I do not touch food that is desecrated
 by fire.”

  “What! Well, well; pardon me, my
boy, but you don’t look it. You look like a
meat eater to me.”

  He and his daughter exchanged glances
 and smiles. They were the first friendly
 smiles they had exchanged in goodness
 knows how many weeks.

   Javalie had intercepted them. His pro-
 gram was proceeding, if not precisely ac-
 cording to schedule, at least on a satisfac-
 torily parallel course. He was accepted, as
 wandering minstrels were accepted by the
 feudal barons of medieval times. But he
 was accepted.

  He watched Mr. Banning eat. Mr. Ban-
 ning, like all active, aggressive men, was a
 hearty eater. He enjoyed good food, and
 he ate quantities of it.

   Javalie delicately devoured two apples, a
 sliced tomato, and a small dishful of wal-
 nut kernels. Mr. Banning ate fresh shrimp
 salad, three thick, juicy slices of red roast
 beef and five large baked potatoes, as well
 as other foods which had been desecrated by
 fire.

   Javalie had had only a light luncheon.
 He was very hungry. The sight of Mr. Ban-
 ning enjoying his food was almost painful to
 him. Mr. Banning had hewn close to the
 line when he had guessed Javalie to be a
 meat eater. Javalie loved rare roast beef.
 Before the meal was finished his appearance
 was more that of a mystic than it had been
 when the meal began. Jordan is a hard
 road.

CHAPTER VII.

THE MOON ROOM.

MR. BANNING had a number of
fixed habits. One of these was to
sit down to dinner punctually at six.
Another old and unshakable habit was to
RED DARKNESS.

179

 take his after-dinner liqueur in the dining
 room. He sipped with deep enjoyment one
 ounce of Napoleon brandy. It was a ritual
 he had observed for twenty years. He
 claimed it aided digestion and materially
 shortened the evening.

  Javalie appreciated good brandy; he was
also fond of frapped creme de menthe, col-
orless, which the others drank. But he
allowed himself nothing more stimulating
than distilled water.

  When the brandy ritual was concluded
Mr. Banning took him up to a guest room.
“ You have probably walked a good many
miles to-day, young man.”

  “ What is distance?” Javalie smiled.

  “ I know—I know; but you probably
won’t feel any the worse for a good shower
or a tub. We’re having a little party here
to-night, and you must not miss it. My
parties are generally very interesting events.
You will no doubt be shocked. I want you
to be shocked. It will make explanations
easier. H-m. I suppose you don’t sleep on
a bed, do you?”

  “ The hard ground, with only the stars
for a canopy, has been my couch for many
years.”

  Mr. Banning’s lips twirked, but he con-
trolled them in time.

  “ Well, a good many of us would be bet-
ter off if we followed your example. Now,
that Buddhist prayer rug over there—that
really ought to be as comfortable as the
ground, don’t you think? Or do things
woven by the heathen—”

  “ The Buddha of Kapilivastu was a man
after my own kind, my friend—an earnest
seeker after the truth.”

  The banker rubbed thoughtful fingers
over his crisp white mustache.

  “ I—I suppose so. Young man, it seems
to me you’ve got some pretty fine ideas
tucked away in the back of that good-
looking head of yours. What you said
downstairs about my children struck deep—
struck very deep. Red darkness! Now,
that—that did perplex me. Red darkness.
That really troubles me, young man. Do
you suppose—I mean— Red darkness.
Just what did you mean by that?”

  “ Your son,” Javalie replied sadly, “ is
trembling at the brink of a bottomless pit.

Red darkness surrounds him. The world
in which he lives is always plunged in night.

A soul struck blind.”

  Mr. Banning was frowning attentively.
‘‘ I can’t quite understand all of that, but
I don’t say there isn’t sense to it. The
ugly light of hatred! That’s where you hit
the nail on the head!

  “ Young man— H-m. You don’t sit
down, do you? Well, I can say it standing
up in just as few words. For the first time
in two years I actually enjoyed my dinner
to-night with my family. You have brought
something into this house. I don’t know
what it is. You—you drew us together, in
a way. We laughed together. Now, don’t
take that as an offense. What I mean to
say is, your presence has somehow taken
off a dreadful strain.

  “ Don’t take it into your head to leave
in -a hurry—that’s what I wanted to say.
Stay here. I’ll make it worth your while.
There’s mighty little I wouldn’t do for a
man who straightened out this family snarl
of mine.”

Javalie lifted his hands and slowly let
them fall. He shook his head sorrowfully.

“ Why is it that you reduce all humanity,
all life, into the two cruel words, deliver
and pay? Money! What can I do with
money? Will it make me any happier?”

  Mr. Banning nodded guiltily. “ I spoke
hastily, I see. I did not mean to offend
you. Simply wanted to give you some—
uh—idea of my earnestness, my anxiety to
have you stay. You’re not apt to take it
into your head to—to go on—are you? I
can’t tell you how anxious I am to have
you here. Could you give me some assur-
ance?”

  Javalie replied in a voice that was little
less than a blessing: “ I will stay, if you
so desire it, my friend, until I have fin-
ished.”

  When Mr. Banning was gone Javalie
locked the door and sank into a chair with
a sigh of utter exhaustion. He had re-
hearsed the scene with the Banning family
every day for the past three months, stand-
ing before a mirror, practicing his serene
and benevolent smile; yet, in spite of the
smoothness with which it had gone through,
he was trembling in every nerve. And wa-
180

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

     ters even more ticklish Jay ahead. He
   studied the room with critical approval. It
   was done in warm grays with an undertone
   of Chinese blue. Gray walls, gray hang-
   ings, gray furniture, gray-and-blue rugs.
   Dared he sleep in that wonderful bed? No.
   A bed with fresh linen once occupied was
   altered in a thousand respects.

     He stretched out his arms, yawned, and
   grinned. Then he sobered. According to
   the architect’s plans, which he had secured
   and studied until he knew the house of Ban-
   ning by heart, the banker’s bedroom should
   be two doors from his own. He would have
   preferred an adjoining bedroom, but no
   matter; it was enough that he had the free-
   dom of the house.

     He went over to one of the windows and
   gazed through fine-mesh copper into the
   dusk. A patch of the afternoon sky still
   •lingered in the east, a blue ground on which
   were piled massive, cubical clouds stained
   saffron, the kind of solid-looking clouds that
   Howard Pyle loved to paint in all their soft
   brilliance.

   From his window to the dim white beach
 stretched the famous garden. He saw trel-
 lises half hidden by red-gold begonias,
 drooping bugle-shaped clusters across the
 latticed squares; rows of flame-red poinset-
 tias, their star-shaped blossoms stiffly erect;
 long, low walls where cloth-of-gold roses
 clung and drooped; two columns of stately
 royal palms with silvery green trunks
 marching down to the sea.

   Two years ago this garden had been a
 tract of scrub palmetto, hyacinth and bunch
 grass. The land had been cleared and
 filled. Royal palms had been shipped to
 Majolica from the Royal Palm Hammock,
 south of the Everglades; vines and shrubs
 and plants in full flower had been trans-
 planted. Well, money was a magic wand;
 and Aladdin was an amateur.

   Javalie kneeled down with his elbows on
 the sill and gazed out over the garden to
 the vastness of purple water. Far at sea
 the lone light of a steamer twinkled like a
 star. A freighter from South America, per-
 haps, or the West Indies. No—more than
 likely a whisky runner from the Bahamas!

He sprang up, slipped off the robe and
loin cloth, and strode into the bathroom.

     This was a magnificent establishment.
   Walls, floor and ceiling were composed of
   nicely mitered slabs of white marble. There
   was a sunken tub along one wall long
   enough and deep enough, almost, for a
   swim. There were mirrors and sprays,
   silver-plated knobs and fittings—a bath-
   room grand enough for a prince.

      With his hands on his lean, brown hips,
   the adventurer took this grandeur in with
   a smile that was almost wistful. He appre-
   ciated artistry, and here was a masterpiece
   of the plumber’s art. Perhaps, if he played
   his hand with the proper finesse, he might
   some day in a house of his own sport a
   bathroom as elegant as this!

      He filled the tub extravagantly to the
   brim with cool water as blue as ice, slipped
   in, and floated. It was salt water. Luxury!
   With his body floating as if on air, his mind
   was free to roam. He closed his eyes re-
   flectively; he thought most clearly when he
   lay floating in water.

     Theodore P. Banning? . . . Yes; hook,
   line and sinker. That crafty business mon-
   arch was applying a rule with which he had
   made more than one of his millions in his
   busy Wall Street days—surrendering a
   technical problem to a specialist, an expert.
   He had jumped nimbly to the conclusion
   which Javalie had carefully planned that
   he would jump to—firmly believed that
   Javalie specialized in pouring oil on trou-
   bled waters. The trace, the more than a
   trace, of mysticism in the banker’s psychic
   make-up, on which Javalie had based his
   expectations, had responded beautifully.
   Pigeonholes for the others.

   Miss Banning? . . . Sharp, sophisticated,
 hard, mischievous. Would probably make
 a determined attempt to undermine with
 flirtation; the most natural outlet for her
 peculiar type of egotism. Possibly neu-
 rotic.

   The son? . . . Ponderously ill-humored.
 Seething under constraint. A possible quar-
 rel here. Positively neurotic.

   The tiny, dark-haired daughter-in-law?

 . . . Would come to him weeping, imme-
 diately after weeping, or prepared to weep.
 Pining away for sympathy and understand-
 ing. Would confess that they were killing
 her.
RED DARKNESS.

18i

  Confessions, Javalie hoped, would be

forthcoming in abundance. His data was
by no means complete.

  The fellow with the thinning hair? . . .
Trouble! There had been a clash when
their eyes met. A schemer. Dangerous.

  Javalie rubbed himself down with a lux-
urious towel; inspected a blue pint bottle
in an embedded medicine cabinet. “ Alco-
hol; for external use only. If taken inter-
nally will cause serious gastric disturb-
ances.” He replaced it with a grimace;
then he resumed his loin cloth, sandals and
sackcloth, and slipped out into the hall.

  The distant tinkling melody of a fountain
again attracted him. It should be situated,
according to the architect’s final plans, in
the center of the house, the Moon Room,
which was a glassed-over modification of the
patio of the Moorish hacienda after which
the house had been patterned. Every fiber
of Javalie’s appreciative artistic being hun-
gered for the Moon Room.

  At the second door from his own, how-
ever, he paused a moment. Like his own,
it was a solid-looking door of some dark
wood, probably walnut, with a heavy bur-
nished bronze knob.

  He saw, in a perfectly clear and detailed
mental picture, the closets, the battery of
windows, the door at the upper left which
gave upon a windowless alcove whose princi-
pal feature was a vault door of gray steel as
tall as a tall man, as thick as the upper
armor of a battleship, as impenetrable as
the mind of a German diplomat. A job for
a small army of cracksmen equipped with a
small factory of apparatus. Could he, un-
aided, cause that massive hinge to swing?
His artistic brown fingers twitched. With
pulses slightly accelerated, he passed on,
and turned to the left into another high-
ceilinged hall. He slipped through the
gloom on a deep carpet with the grace and
stealth of a prowling cat.

  A passionlessly cool blue glow sank into
the hall from space beyond. The hall
ended upon a wide balcony, and here Java-
lie stopped with hands knotted behind him.
The architect’s description of the Moon
Room had formed the nucleus of Javalie’s
desire to visit the Bannings. In reality it
was bewitching.

  Fairyland at night! The tropics in the
moonlight! Those must have been the im-
pressions the artist who had designed the
Moon Room had striven to convey. Huge
globes of some dark metal, punctured with
thousands of tiny, ragged holes, hung down
from the lofty arch of the glass roof. They
twisted and turned in vagrant currents of
air, as if swimming in ether. Brilliant
tungstens in the centers sparkled through
the punctures like myriads of stars in a
blazing midnight sky.

  Other lights, concealed, stained the air
of the Moon Room blue—the blueness of
a Grenada night. The sensuous flavor of
imported tropical flowers—the tuba rose,
narcissus, maid o’ the night, and chain of
love—rose in cloying volume from beds of
gleaming dark leaves. In the center of a
blue-tiled floor a fountain played, catching
glints from the counterfeit starlight and
shining like sprays of diamonds, tinkling as
they fell.

  Moonlight in a tropical garden! A dream
of Grenada! The artist in Javalie respond-
ed with a thrill of irrepressible ecstasy.
It was a complete thing, a masterpiece.
To think that the mere expenditure of
money could paint a picture so beautiful!

  Teeth gleamed whitely in the darkness
to the left of him; two tiers of them. A
French organ.

  Javalie had lightly, but with his accus-
tomed dignity, informed the Miami insur-
ance man on the Palm Beach Limited that
he played the organ. He did. He had,
with especial permission, played the great
organ in St. Peter’s in Rome; he had tried
the organ in the egg-shaped Mormon taber-
nacle in Salt Lake City, with its choral
stops purer and sw7eeter than the voice of a
boy soprano.

  He slipped into the curved seat, exam-
ined the stops and searched in likely places
for an electric switch controlling the bel-
lows motor. He found it and ran his fin-
gers tentatively over the upper register.

  Bach’s “ Passacaglia ” was one of Java-
lie’s favorites. There is, toward the climax,
a pause on a chord of four notes; one low
in the bass, two forming a major third in
the middle, and one high in the treble.
Some players fill in every concordant note
182

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

within reach of both hands; Javalie con-	of exquisitely blended color and sound and

sidered the effect of Bach’s four notes	fragrance.

superior.	He was unable to go on. He turned

To him the resonant chord mingled and	from the organ with tears glittering in his

harmonized with the blue ether surrounding	eyes. Then he became aware that some one

him. It completed, rounded out, a glorious	was standing beside him.
impression. He played the climax through The spirit and the flesh! A moth in

again, his feelings swept away on a flood	the moonlight! It was .Mme. Jeanne.

TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK

TJ	tr	U

THE OLD HOME

        "THE old home I was born in,

*	The homestead ’mid the trees,

 Comes stealing back across the years
 Like murmurs on the breeze,

         And yet there are no raptures,

         Such as the poets sing,

         In all the host of memories
         The olden dreamings bring.

                        In winter or in summer
                          On the homestead that I knew,

         Though clear the day or rainy,

 There were endless tasks to do,

        And though we labored hugely
        From dawn to setting sun,

         It seemed to me, a dreaming lad,

        My work was never done.

         The chores I did were legion:

        I threw hay from the mows,

                          I curried countless horses,

         I milked a drove of cows,

        And when the day was over,

        To keep my thoughts from sin,

         I filled the pails with water
         And lugged the stove-wood in.

                        My tasks done, in the winter
                     I climbed the drafty stairs
                     Into an arctic bedroom
                     To shiver through my prayers;

                     But during all the summer
                     This room of mine would be
                     As hot as—well, the regions
                     Which good souls never see.

                     Let others hymn the glories
                        Of the old home ’mid the trees;

                   Now I have a shower-bath
                      To use when I darn please;

                     Now I have a comfy flat,

                       And from my easy-chair
                    I laugh at the old homestead
                    And rejoice that I’m not there.

                                           Edgar Daniel Kramer.
By S. GORDON GURWIT

Author of “ The Necklace of Heaven. ”

A NOVELETTE—COMPLETE IN THIS ISSUE

CHAPTER I.

THE FATES’ VICTIM.

FIRST, I want to affirm positively that
the Greeks made a huge error when
they paraded Zeus as the lord of the
wide heavens; they should have placed the
real rulers there—Clotho, Lachesis, and
Atropos—for the inscrutable fates rule both
the heavens and the earth.

  If you doubt that romance and adventure
still exist in real life—go live among the is-
lands of the South Seas for a while!

   If the capricious fates had not dabbled,
how could Bob Carter, walking the streets
of his home city, have had his destinies tied
up with a little island in the Coral Sea?
And why did Moy Song, who lived in dis-
tant Macao, take a photograph from a dead
man’s hands?

   Perhaps you’d better read my story. It
 has often been said that truth is stranger
 than fiction. It is. When truth ventures
 into the realms of melodrama, it beggars de-
 scription. This is one case in point.

   When Bob Carter returned from France
 he wore a captain’s uniform. He also wore
 a medal, bestowed in the name of France,
 because, in his quiet way, he was something
 of a fire eater.

   You would probably have suspected
 something of this because of his appearance.
 Tall, broad of shoulder, deep of chest, nar-
 row-hipped, he walked with the natural
 grace of an Arab. Easy-going, worldly wise,
 blessed with a serene insouciance, he was
 much addicted to taking most things pas-
 sively. You would have called him lazy—
 but with the Italian laziness, as of a leopard
 183
184

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

 tv ho sleeps in the sun. There was promise
 of leonine strength in his suppleness, and the
 Raphaelesque head was set strongly upon
 his shoulders.

   Beneath this suave exterior, however,
 there was a vague, restless impulse, a lurking
 instinct that answered to the call of war,
 that thrilled toward fiery perils and the ner-
 vous excitement of stirring events.

   A recent graduate of a famous university,
 he had been helping his father in the latter’s
 modest brokerage office. The first day war
 was declared he joined the army. His father
 had wrung his hand in silent approbation
 and had hobbled down to camp to see him
 march away.

   He returned to his native shores to find
 that his father had been dead for six
 months: that instead of a modest inheri-
 tance, there was nothing but a few debts.
 As his mother had died during his child-
 hood he was quite alone, except for a maid-
 en aunt, somewhere in the West, whom he
 hadn't seen for years.

   When he was mustered out he set out for
 the first time in his life to find a position.
 But a college graduate with no vocation
 didn’t seem to fit in anywhere. Did he
 know “ credits ”? Could he keep a double
 entry set of books or take dictation and run
 a typewriter? No! Did he know filing or
 exports or advertising? No? Well, they were
 sorry. They needed some one with specific
 experience. If he’d leave his name and ad-
 dress and anything turned up, they’d let
 him know.

   Closely hoarded, his pay lasted for several
 months. Then came a day when he realized
 that his condition was becoming hazardous.
 He moved to the cheapest boarding house
 he could find, on a WTest Side, uptown
 street; he practiced every economy possible;
 he sold surplus clothes and possessions to
 furnish himself with additional capital to
 withstand his involuntary siege of idleness,
 and he sought avidly for some sort of work.

   But the fates had decreed otherwise. He
 did not find any. And at length there came
 a day when he walked the streets, going to
 his room, with his last few pennies in his
 pocket, bitter, morose, desperate, shabby,
 wondering if it paid to continue his appar-
 ently impotent assaults to obtain a position.

Every one, seemingly, had already forgotten
that there had been a war, or that any debt
of gratitude was owed to the defenders of
the nation. America had gone back to busi-
ness. It couldn’t be bothered with un-
trained ex-soldiers.

   Meditating gloomily he turned into the
avenue to go home. Suddenly he was
thrown to the pavement by the furious, con-
certed rush of several men who had turned
the corner at a run.

   A volley of vivid oaths greeted him. The
men sprang into a waiting automobile; there
was a loud staccato thunder from the ex-
haust and the car darted ahead, turned a
corner, and was gone from sight. It all
happened in less time than it takes to tell it
here.

   Following swiftly came a crowd of shout-
ing people who ebbed and flowed about
Bob, gesticulating, excited, and—miracu-
lously enough—a policeman.

   “There’s one of ’em!” shouted several
boys in the crowd, pointing to Bob, who
eyed them all in startled bewilderment.

   Gradually he gathered from the excited
comment that a robbery had been at-
tempted and had failed, that some one had
been shot. It slowly came to him that he
was being pointed out as one of the thieves!

   The bluecoat laid a heavy hand on his
shoulder while he swiftly searched Bob’s
pockets to see if he was armed. No sus-
picious or menacing protrusion was evident.
The officer tightened his grip.

  “Come along with me!” he growled.
“Clear the way!”—this to the jabbering,
encircling crowd—“get out of the way!
I’ve got to get to that box to ring up the
wagon.”

   The crowd was excited. It had nearly
witnessed a robbery—and perhaps a mur-
der—and it wanted a victim. Bob, shabby
in his seedy suit and cap, stared, while a
natural resentment began to ferment within
him.

   “ I’ll go with you,” he said to the police-
man. “ There’s no need to»pull me around
this way. Take your hands off! I’ll not
run away. You’ve made a»mistake—”

   “ That’s(one of ’em! ” shouted a boy. “ I
saw him! He fell while he was running
and the others left him!”
OUT OF THE CORAL SEA.

185

  “ Mistake, nothin’!” answered the officer,
tightening his grip. “ You can tell it to the
judge! And don’t make any funny breaks
if you know what’s good for you!”

  Bob’s heart began to pound with a fierce
sense of outrage. He noted the growing
crowd, the pointing fingers—the lust of the
mob for a victim. He saw that his appear-
ance was against him, and he foresaw that
his desperate financial straits would come
to light and forge a plausible link that might
connect him with anything desperate.

  “ I tell you to take your hands off!” he
said again, his voice low and fierce, while a
great shame burned upon his cheeks.

“ You’ve made an error, officer. I’ll go with
you and explain whatever may be necessary.

I was just turning the comer when those
fellows bumped into me and threw me over.
I’ll go with you, but don’t hold me like
that—■”

  The policeman looked him over shrewdly.
The crowd—a menacing one—had grown
swiftly and was pressing close. There was
no chance of breaking away, and something
in Bob’s voice halted him. He removed
his hand, saying:

  “ Stand right where you are, young fel-
ler! If you try any breaks—”

  “ I’m giving you my word I’ll stay,” said
Bob. “ I’ve nothing to run for!”

  The officer opened the patrol box and
called up the station, while Bob’s eyes
blazed upon the chattering, menacing crowd.
This was the same crowd that had cheered
so lustily when he had embarked for the
front; the same crowd that had cheered
upon his return; the usual temperamental
mob that is always so willing to love you
passionately one day or to stone you to
death the next!

    It was growing dark now, and myriad
  electric lights along the street began to
  twinkle. An eddy in the shifting crowd
  that surrounded him caught his eye. An-,
  other patrolman was pushing his way
  through the densely packed humanity to his
  side.

     “ Hold on to him, Joe!” he called to the
   officer who stood near Bob. “ Looks like
   old man Bedsow was seriously wounded! ”

     A fresh tremor of excitement ran through
   the mob. The second policeman stood close

to Bob and clutched his sleeve. A barely
perceivable signal was exchanged by the
two officers. Bob started at the second
man’s touch. His liberty was gone! He
restrained himself with difficulty from any
show of resistance, until, with a simultane-
ous movement, both policemen laid hands
on him and he felt the cold chill of steel
handcuffs touching his wrists.

  The first officer had broken faitS with
him! Trusted, he would have made no
move and accompanied him as he had prom-
ised; deceived, the chains of his promise
were broken, and now, as the cold steel
sought his wrists, all he was conscious of
was a furious revolt. All the wild blood in
him, his inherent honor, the pride of his
breeding, all the life and soul that were in
him, flashed into fiery action.

  He wrenched his wrists free before the
locks could close, and with a single, rapid
blow he felled the first officer; the second
never knew what hit him, but it was Bob's
left fist. Then, like a tiger breaking his
way through a circle of beaters, he hurled
through the shrieking crowd, striking right
and left, and ran down the avenue. The
crowd took up the chase immediately, now
thoroughly inflamed and in earnest.

  For one instant the thought occurred to
him that he was running away. Flight!

A loathing sense filled him. The criminal’s
resource—the craven’s refuge!

  A shot rang out. The policemen had re-
covered their feet. He wished, in that mo-
ment of agony, that the bullet might reach
him and kill rather than be driven to this.

  With the speed that had carried him to
  more than one victory in his university days,
  he fled rapidly up a side street. The hue
  and cry was after him. The crowd’s excite-
  ment was raised; it knew not why or where-
  fore; and it was joined with the keener pur- •
  suit of men organized for the work of man-
  hunting.

    It was dark now. His chances of escape
  was increased. He felt a hunted thing—
  a coward—a felon, yet he increased his
  speed, for all the wilder blood in him awoke,
  spurring his strength and heating his veins.
  They might kill him, but he swore to die
  free!

    Westward, toward the river, he ran, dou-
186

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

bling like a hunted fox; now walking rapid-
ly through a lighted area, then turning into
a dark street and spurting again. Always
he heard yells in his wake, but these were
growing fainter. He was dropping them
behind.

  He approached the river and stopped for
the first time. His blood was beating in
every vein and his brain was numbed; his
heart pumped furiously and his lips drew
breath with gasping spasms; in his ears was
a rushing roar.

  Glancing behind he saw the two officers
emerge from the shadows of a quiet street.
Without a moment’s hesitation, he went
over the wall and into the river.

  There was a yell behind him. The shock
of cold water drove the breath out of him,
and he came to the surface.

  “There he is!” cried a voice from the
dock of a ferry. A moment’s pause, then a
flash and a report, a line of light flared
a second and a bullet hissed past him and
splashed into the river.

  He dived and swam upcurrent under
water.

  “ He’s hit!” cried those on shore. “ Get
a boat—he went under!”

  Steadily fighting his way upstream and
allowing only his nose to come to the sur-
face for air occasionally, he reached mid-
stream.

  He saw a rowboat investigating die waters
about the shore and guessed that they be-
lieved him hit and drowned. The night was
dark, fortunately for him, and he floated for
a minute, resting his tortured limbs and
lungs. Then he swam cautiously to the
other shore.

  Here all was dark. A storm seemed to
be brewing, for the heavens grew murky
with cloud rack. Dropping quietly down
the river, he came to a rowboat tied to a
small wharf. Into this he climbed and lay
upon the bottom prostrated, his blood beat-
ing in his brain, his breath painful, his limbs
quivering after the intense muscular effort.

  His eyelids, heavy as lead, closed uncon-
sciously and he lost all sense and memory.
How long he lay there he never knew, but
when consciousness returned, he saw a gem-
spangled sky above. A rising wind was
rocking the boat gently.

  To stay was impossible. The shore was
dangerous. Cautiously he unfastened the
boat, took up the oars and slipped like a
ghost down the dark, quiet river. He gath-
ered the impression that it must be after
midnight, for few crafts plowed the usually
busy stream.

  He rowed steadily- They gray dawn
found him out at sea. Then he lost an
oar. Unable to recover it, he used the
other as a paddle and began to go in a
southerly direction, thinking to go ashore
somewhere on that coast.

  At eight o’clock, or thereabout, a small
steamer bore down on him and he managed
to attract its attention. Taken on board,
he simply explained that he had been night
fishing and had lost his way in the dark.

  The captain informed him that the vessel
was on its way to Havre with a load of
cattle, and couldn’t turn back.

  France! He had spent nearly two years
there, and had a fair smattering of the lan-
guage. France had bestowed a medal upon
him in appreciation of his services; he had
some friends there. Why not—since his
own country had treated him so shabbily?

  So he arranged to work his passage over,
while the captain puzzled for several mo-
ments over the various species of blankety-.
blank fools to be found in the so-called
human race.

CHAPTER U.

A MISSION FOR MOV SONG.

IN a far comer of the South Pacific you
will find Norfolk Island. It is cast away
all by itself in a world of water several
hundred miles from the Queensland coast.

  Everybody must know the story of the
mutiny of H. M. S. Bounty. It is a most
enthralling and romantic narrative of fact.
Of the tyranny and hazing that led to the
desperate seizure of a king’s ship; how the
mutineers returned to Tahiti, took wives
from among the natives, sailed to little Pit-
cairn Island and burned the Bounty; found-
ed a colony and a race of people as unique
as any in the world; quarreled, fought and
killed one another, and finally throve and
multiplied until Pitcairn was too small to
OUT OF THE CORAI. SEA.

187

hold them. Then they were brought back
to Norfolk Island in 1857—sixty-five years
after the mutiny.

   The descendants of the mutineers are liv-
ing upon Norfolk Island to-day—a strange
people, who speak a quaint language com-
pounded of English, Tahitian and sailor
slang. Their gentle, caressing voices, in-
tensely musical, remind you of their Tahi-
tian extraction; and the beauty of some of
their women tells of the English blood that
flows in their veins. Here, in some in-
stances, the races have fused and blended to
produce the best in each—unbelievable ex-
otics whose beauty is breathtaking and
clamorous.

  These were Zelma Forsythe’s people.
Her history was brief.

   Her mother, a strikingly beautiful girl,
had been seen by Tom Forsythe, first mate
of the trading schooner Shark. It was love
at first sight for both. Tom Forsythe had
left his ship and married her, and had spent
a full, blissful year upon the island with
his young wife. Then Zelma was born—•
and her mother died. In his vivid despair,
insane with grief, his unreasoning agony,
Tom Forsythe had cursed the daughter who
had cost him his wife. He left the island
never to return.

  The English mission had taken in the
child and raised it while Tom went up and
down the islands, drinking himself into an
early grave, deteriorating rapidly. Becom-
ing lazy and lax-minded, he forgot that a
world existed outside. His grief became a
tradition, and he hated the daughter whose
existence had been bought at such a tre-
mendous price.

   He sent money regularly for the child’s
support, but he would not go near her.
She wrote him letters which he never an-
swered. He instructed the mission people
never to send him any of her photographs.

  Some twenty years later he sat in the
gambling house of Moy Song, in Macao—
a Portuguese-controlled settlement on the
Chinese coast just below Hongkong—and
gazed with startled, drunken gravity upon
a photograph of his daughter which she had
sent him on her nineteenth birthday. It
was the first likeness of her he had ever
beheld.

  She was very like her mother—lovelier,
if anything; a full-blown English rose with
an exotic touch from the Tahitian blood
that made her bewildering; a lofty, poetic,
soul-lit loveliness; and a patrician grace that
told of the early Norman blood that came to
her through her father.

   A corrosive remorse ate into his heart as
he looked, and tears rolled, unrestrained,
down his wasted, furrowed cheeks. He
drank deeply that night, and his outraged
constitution gave way at last.

  They found him the next morning, safe
in port at last, a smile on his sunburned
face, his hand clutching the photograph and
a letter that had come with it.

  Moy Song, a quiet, elegant Chinaman,
owner of the gambling establishment and
several vessels—one of which Tom Forsythe
had commanded for years—took the photo-
graph and letter and went to his private
room with both.

   Here he read the letter—a wistful, lonely
epistle; then his eyes were lured again by
the photograph, and he sat in a fascinated
silence for some time.

  Finally his shrewd eyes began to stray
about the luxuriously furnished room, and
he hummed an endless, plaintive melody, his
fingers beating an intermittent tattoo upon
the table.

   Suave, successful, learned in all the wiles
of the polyglot races that mixed under his
roof, he was a power in Macao because of
his wealth—though there were rumors of
his participation in opium-smuggling and
raids upon certain islands for anything from
pearls to women. Ostensibly, he dealt in
copra and beche de mer. He had a white
wife. As far as Macao knew, they lived
happily together, and he was a good hus-
band, giving her everything that money
could buy.

  He ordered that Tom Forsythe be given
decent burial; then he sent for one of his
captains, a burly Italian who had done his
bidding upon more than one occasion to
their mutual financial advantage. Over a
bottle of wine in his own rooms, Moy Song
talked long and seriously to the hulking
Italian.

   “ Take a crew of Kanakas,” he instruct-
ed, “ and go to Norfolk Island. You’ll take
188

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

this letter along and this photograph, and
you’ll tell the girl that her father is on the
point of death and wishes her to come at
once.”

  The Italian nodded understanding^, a
twisted smile upon his full lips.

  “ Simply say that he sent you to bring
her, show the photograph and letter as evi-
dence—and here’s a ring of his, too—and
bring her to me. See that it so happens
that you put in here late at night.”

  Again the Italian nodded, his eyes nar-
rowing slightly. In a somber way, he was
a handsome man, with blood in his veins
that had once run full and strong in the
lustful lords of Sardis. His father had been
a wild, mountain hunter in the Etruscan
Hills; the son was the true robber chieftain
and adventurer of romance.

  “ And—what’s this worth to me?” he
asked. “ This is a great risk. She’s no
Island woman, you know.”

  Moy Song glanced around the room as
if to assure himself that he was alone with
the captain. He took a pencil from his
pocket, wrote a sum upon a piece of paper
and showed it to his companion. The Ital-
ian’s eyes glittered. It was more than he
had expected: still—the girl was beautiful
and worth it.

  “ And she’s not to be roughly treated,”
went on Moy Song, in his caressing, low
voice. “ She’s not to be harmed—in any
way. Do you understand?” His voice and
eyes were significant.

  The Italian nodded brusquely.

  “ The money is more to me,” he answered
shortly, “ than any woman. You know
that!”

  Moy Song smiled faintly. He knew it
well. That was one reason he had selected
Montozzi.

  “ And,” he went on quietly, “ when she
gets here and has no complaint to make
I’ll double that sum to you.”

  Montozzi stared. Moy Song was paying
high. He looked at his fastidious employer
in frank curiosity.

  “ She’s yours, Song,” be said, rising.
‘ I’ll drift out to-night.”

   He put the ring, the letter, and the pho-
tograph in his pocket, shook hands with his
elegant employer, and departed.

  Then Moy Song made his way to the
other side of the house where his white
wife had her apartment. Knocking, he en-
tered immediately after and looked with
slant-eyed disapproval upon a worn, once
pretty girl, who sat reading a magazine and
smoking a cigarette. She was dressed in
an exquisite silk jacket and trousers, Chi-
nese fashion, and her hair was combed a la
Mme. Butterfly, with a huge, jeweled comb
at the back.

  She looked up, smiled in a tired fashion,
and went on reading a»nd smoking.

  Moy’s eyes contracted slightly. He
walked to her side and took the cigarette
from her lips.

  “ The illustrious White Lily,” he mur-
mured, throwing the cigarette on the floor,
“ should not smoke in my humble home.
It befits not the wife of Moy Song—”
“Oh, stop that ‘illustrious’ stuff!” she
cried, springing to her feet. “ I’m tired of
it! I’ll smoke if I want to—I have to do
something to keep from going crazy!”

  “ All right,” he answered calmly, in a
different voice, 11 I'll stop the ‘ illustrious ’
stuff. But let me tell you that I want your
dance-hall habits stopped while you are
here. I’m becoming tired of some of your
habits. Don’t forget that if I hadn’t been
fool enough to marry you, you’d have
wound up like—” He paused and pointed
downward, as a burst of some Kanaka girls’
liquor-tuned laughter rose to them from the
dance hall below.

  The girl sniffed.

  “ I’d never come to that!” she answered
defiantly. “ I went around a lot, but I was
a good girl—you know that! ”

  He did not answer. He paused at the
door and said sarcastically:

  “ The humble husband of the most illus-
trious White Lily wishes her a most restful
night!” And he closed the door.

  The girl shrugged disdainfully. Then
she began to play with a pet snake which
she took from a box—a tiny, green, harm-
less thing that turned and twisted around
her fingers as she crooned and whispered
to it.

  “ I prefer you.” she whispered to the
reptile, “ to him! ”

  Then she defiantly lit another cigarette.
OUT OF THE CORAL SEA.

189

  Moy Song walked slowly to his own
room, his eyes inscrutable.

  “ We shall see,” he murmured to him-
self. “We shall see!”

  At daybreak the Water Queen, with Cap-
tain Montozzi at the wheel, stole out of
Macao harbor and pointed her nose south-
ward. She carried a full Kanaka crew and
a Portuguese mate.

 CHAPTER III.

 SHIPPED TO NOUMEA.

BOB CARTER counted himself safe and
began to plan life anew upon his ar-
rival in France. He underestimated,
however, the cleverness of police brains.
Because the ship he had taken involuntary
passage upon was not equipped with wire-
less, he forgot about it.

  This is what happened: the rowboat he
had borrowed was reported missing to the
police, and they put two and two together
with a sure logic. His landlady, after two
days’ absence, became choleric because he
owed her money and reported his disap-
pearance to the police. She wanted him
arrested or she wanted her bill paid.

  The police again investigated, searched
his room and effects, found some letters and
papers and a photograph. The photograph
was promptly identified by two policemen
and several members of the crowd that had
witnessed Bob’s capture and escape.

    Swift inquiries were sent broadcast. Then
   a police tug picked up a lost oar in the bay.
   It was identified by the owner of the boat.
   Shrewd brains began to study the list of
   vessels that had sailed that same night and
   early morning.

    The chase was finally narrowed down to
  two commercial freighters—both bound for
  French ports!

    As the freighters took nearly three weeks
   to cross, a copy of Bob’s photograph was
   sent immediately by a fast mail and pas-
   senger steamer to the detective headquar-
   ters of Paris. The destinations of the two
   freighters were given. Would the French
   police hold the prisoner—providing he was
   on board either freighter—until a man
   could be sent to bring him back?

  The wireless was brought into instant
use, and the story and request duplicated,
advising the French police of the explana-
tory mail following upon the Aquitania.

  The wireless crackled back a reply short-
ly that the French police would be watch-
ing.

  In the meanwhile the jeweler whose store
the thieves had attempted to rob lay at the
point of death, delirious or unconscious.
As he was a rich man and an influential
citizen, the police bent every energy and
resource to capture the man they believed
would finally be tried upon a murder
charge. As for the actual thieves, they had
vanished as completely as if they had
dropped off the earth.

  So it was that when the freighter put
into Flavre three weeks later, two quiet,
ferret-eyed men came on board, had a chat
with the captain, and a few minutes later
deftly handcuffed Bob as he stood looking
unsuspectingly over the rail.

  Entreaty or explanation had no effect
upon the Frenchmen. It was a bitter and
a somewhat dangerous Bob who was lodged
in a cell to await extradition.

  And as the days went by he grew reck-
less and daring. The injustice of his in-
carceration made him as savage as a sorely
wounded animal. He brooded, grew mo-
rose, bitter. Plans for daring escapes
flashed in his mind continually, though he
knew them all futile.

  He was treated decently enough, but he
snarled like a trapped thing when spoken
to. At other times a weary, blighting res-
ignation rested upon him with the weight
of lead.

  As the weeks dragged by, he grew ner-
vous and curious. Why wasn’t he taken
back and tried? Did they expect to let
him rot and die in this French prison?

He became insubordinate and stubborn,
his self control was at an end. One day,
prodded sharply by a burly, ignorant guard,
he whirled and attacked him with all the
seething, accumulated fury that was in him.

   The guard was taken by surprise. Bob
  lifted him bodily and flung him down; he
  was badly hurt. The physical action some-
  how seemed to make Bob feel better. His
  attack earned him a solitary cell. He de-
190

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  manded to know why he was not returned
  to his own country. He was informed that
  he would be as soon as some one came for
  him.

   But no one came. There were hot mo-
 ments of rebellion when Bob’s eyes would
 flash. He chafed sorely, and his breath
 came uneven and fast with the proud bold
 instincts of birth and freedom; but there
 was no relief.

   Meanwhile, on the other side of the
 ocean, there was an annual political shake-
 up of the police department—rival factions
 sparring for power—and Bob was forgotten
 along with other matters of like importance.
 No one was sent after him. Other fresher
 matters claimed public attention. The
 world is a busy place.

   And Bob, made insanely savage by his
 solitary confinement, rebelled again, and
 was dubbed an “ incorrigible ” by the prison
 head, to whom he was a thorn in the side.

   “ I don’t want him here,” he explained
 to his superior. “ He is like a tiger—he
 will kill some day.”

   “ But what shall we do with him?”

   “ Do? Anything to get him out! He’s
 a bad example and perfectly fearless! Some
 of my other incorrigibles are going to Nou-
 mea soon. I’ll send him along. If the
 Americans want him, they can get him
 there. I don’t want to be bothered with
 him! He almost killed one of my guards.”
 The superior officer had a dinner engage-
 ment and was in a hurry, so he shifted the
 burden.

   “ Well,” he said, “ do as you think best.
   The Americans are playing politics again,
   anyway, and they’ll forget all about him.
   I suppose he could be here for years before
   they’d send for him — if they ever did!
   Can’t you spare a man to take him back
   to the United States?”

   “ I have no man nor funds for it,” ex-
   plained the warden. “ It would be weeks
   and maybe months before I could arrange
   it, and in the meanwhile he’d kill some
   one! No, I’ll ship him to Noumea, and
   get him off my hands! This prison won’t
   hold him anyway. He’ll get out of here
   sooner or later and be a menace to the com-
   munity. He’ll be safe in Noumea, anyway!
   Will it be all right?”

  “ Oh, I suppose so! Send a letter and
 tell them the circumstances. Then they
 can do as they wish.”

  The letter was sent. Possibly it arrived.
 Thus, by special arrangement with the
 inscrutable fates, Bob, in common with
 other “ incorrigibles ” from various prisons
 in France, was sent to Noumea, in New
 Caledonia. Yes, the fates were weaving!

CHAPTER IV.

            A DESPERATE TRY.

 IT was weeks later when his eyes first be-
 held New Caledonia. Its solitude was
 uncanny, flung down as it is in the im-
 mensity of the South Pacific. Long lines of
 breakers marked the coral reefs. A tall
 lighthouse stood apparently in the sea be-
 hind the lines of surf ; cold, blue mountain
 ranges pierced the sky in the interior. It
 was a wild, forbidding country that struck
 a chill to his heart. Surrounded by hun-
 dreds of miles of open, shark-infested
 waters, there seemed to be no possibility of
 escape.

    The convict ship did not go to the town,
 but stopped opposite Isle Nou, with its
 grim prisons and barracks, an orderly in-
 ferno where are confined the most desperate
 and abandoned of the obstreperous exiles
 who form the main portion of the popula-
 tion of New Caledonia.

    In the distance Bob saw the little leaf-
 bowered town, a mosaic of gleaming roofs
 on the edge of a tropical jungle.

    The new arrivals watched the gangs of
  orderly prisoners, under guard, at work;
  and a hopeless despair settled upon their
  features. This was the end. All who en-
  tered New Caledonia left hope behind.

    Then began for Bob a nightmare exis-
  tence that sapped his body and his brain.
  One fiercely torrid day succeeded another
  with unfailing regularity. All day the
  gaunt, unhappy prisoners toiled upon the
  mainland, and at night, packed to over-
  flowing upon huge barges, they were towed
  back to their cells on the island.

    Day after day they toiled and slaved in
  the blinding heat, always under the surveil-
  lance of prison wardens, who lolled under
OUT OF THE CORAL SEA.

191

*

*

*

I*'
**
I*
%
\

enormous white cotton umbrellas, and at
whose ample girths were strapped huge re-
volvers.

  There came periods of passionate rebel-
lion to Bob; of insurgent heartsickness.
He longed, with an agonized desire, to
stand once more stainless among his equals;
to taste once more the nectar of liberty, of
unchallenged, unfettered life. Liberty lured
him with an insidious temptation. Under
the lash of prison rules, and the noxious
bitterness that came at the thought of the
injustice being heaped upon him, a venom
grew and poured into his heart and veins.
Sooner or later it would burst forth.

  He wondered dully how long it would be
before he went mad and made a dash for
freedom. He saw what this action wouid
result in one day when a prisoner, driven
desperate by toil and heat, ran for some
adjacent brush. The guard shifted the um-
brella and, without rising, shot down the
unfortunate man unerringly. Then he lit
a fresh cigarette — upon which scores of
longing eyes were fixed—and glared at the
other prisoners.

   “ Let that be a lesson,” he said, as the
wounded man was carried away.

  Bob’s cell mate, a young Frenchman of
perhaps twenty-seven, was unduly excited
and paced the small cell incessantly.

  “ Murderers! ” he whispered tensely.

“ To shoot a man so—like a rabbit—be-
cause he loves life and liberty!”

  Bob did not answer. He sat in a physi-
cal stupor after the day’s work in the white
sun, and glanced helplessly about the bare
cell. There was no way of escape. What
hope he had possessed was slowly vanish-
ing. The massive bars and walls held him
impotent.

    He watched Chataine, his cell mate, as
  that volatile young man paced the floor,
  back and forth, with seemingly boundless
  energy. Because he played in the band,
  he was allowed to keep his hair, and he also
  wore a boy’s growth of Vandyke beard.
  He would have been handsome had he not
  been so gaunt.

     At first he had snarled at Bob and re-
  sented his entrance into the cell. But, as
  the weeks went by, he thawed out and be-
  came companionable, though Bob found

himself being examined at odd moments
with curious, veiled glances that puzzled
him.

They had, one evening, in a burst of mu-
tual confidence, exchanged histories, and
Chataine had been highly indignant at the
manner in which Bob had been mistreated.

His own story he stated briefly, and the
look on his face convinced Bob that he
spoke the truth.

“ It was my sister’s husband,” Chataine
explained. “ She married a pig—a camel,
who was slowly killing her. I could do
nothing, for it was her husband. Then he
took to beating her—and she fled to me for
protection. That fired my blood—my lit-
tle sister! He tried to strike her, and when

I	stopped him he became a demon—mad!
He pulled out a revolver, and in the strug-
gle for possession he was shot!

“ They said 1 killed him, and because I
rebelled so furiously I was sent here! Dicu
de Dieu! I ask you—is this justice?”
Chataine quivered with rage as he told
the story. When he became calmer he
again eyed Bob in his curious, questioning,
inscrutable fashion.

The work was beginning to wear down
even Bob’s splendid constitution. To-night,
weary, aching in every fiber, he watched
the nervous Chataine in his endless pacing.

   “ Some day,” he said, “ I’ll do the same
thing, Chataine. Better death than—this!”
Chataine halted abruptly and sat down
at Bob’s side upon the iron cot.

   “ No, my friend,” he whispered; “ don’t
do that! You can’t escape that way. Even
if you got away into the interior, the na-
tives would finish you—oh, they’re bad cus-
tomers, these * man-belong-bush ’ here!
Bear it—perhaps—”

  “ Perhaps what?” asked Bob wearily.
“ Do you think I can bend those bars, drop
a hundred feet into a shark-infested lagoon
and swim to Australia?”

  Chataine rose, paced up and down a few
times, and then paused again.

“ One can never tell,” he answered in a
low voice. “ Do nothing rash. Perhaps—’’
Bob looked into his cell mate’s face at
the suggestive tone. A faint hope began to
stir.

  “ You know of some—”
192

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  “ Hush! ” hissed Chataine. “ I know
nothing! But—I am desperate! Listen—
if the opportunity should come — we’ll—
we’ll go—together?”

  Bob thrust his hand out for answer, and
their fingers locked in a tight clasp. Cha-
taine was strangely excited.

  “ Who knows?” he whispered. “ One
can never tell! Something may turn up so
we can escape this living death. I feel I
can trust you, Bob.”

  “ You can,” replied Bob quietly.

  A little later Chataine left, for it was
band night, and he had to play. Twice a
week the band played for the edification
of the civilian inhabitants of the town.

  The sweet strains of music could be
heard in the grim, silent penitentiary, soft-
ened by distance as it came wafted across
the star-studded lagoon, and mingling with
the murmur of the southern ocean.

  What a mockery it was for those prison-
ers to play, and see the groups of statuary,
symbolical of liberty and labeled as such,
that occupied conspicuous places in Coco-
nut Square!

  More than one pair of longing, helpless
eyes sought the circle of brilliant flame trees
and tried to peer beyond to the wilderness
where liberty might be found. Then their
envious eyes would rest upon the civilian
crowds sitting at the little tables outside
the surrounding cafes; the police and sol-
diers, and the guards who sat upon the band
stand with carbines across their knees.

  It was strange they could play at all—
these incorrigibles, who took no pleasure in
their music. All gaunt men, with pallid,
starved-'looking faces that were stolid, sor-
rowful, savage, cunning or desperate—but
always unhappy.

  Chataine played a comet solo that night,
and played amazingly well. He seemed to
be in an excitable, electric mood. He was
congratulated again and again. He did not
tell them that he had been a musician of
note in Paris before his unfortunate affair.

  The next day an admirer sent Chataine
a great bunch of flowers and a cheap, small
alarm clock. The warden finally allowed
Chataine to keep it in his cell, but not be-
fore he had looked inside to see that it con-
tained nothing but what an alarm clock

should, and had taken off the glass face.
He wasn’t going to give any prisoner glass
to be used as a means of self destruction.
Not he!

  A clock is a much-wanted article by most
prisoners. Why, I cannot say. Let the
learned psychologists answer. The passing
hours should certainly have no interest for
men who are serving for terms of years and
some for life.

  At any rate, Chataine was overjoyed,
and the whole prison envied him. Some
of them, within hearing of his cell, called
out at night to know what time it was.
Chataine petted and fondled the cheap lit-
tle timepiece as if it were worth its weight
in diamonds.

  Bob was amused, and touched, too. It
took very little to make Chataine happy.
The cheery ticking of the clock helped him,
too, he confessed.

  On one occasion he went to wind it, and
Chataine sprang upon him like a tiger.

  “No!” he snarled. “Don’t dare touch
it! No hands can touch it but mine—un-
derstand?”

  Bob was astonished. For weeks Cha-
taine had been in almost a sunny mood;
now he became a fury for no apparent rea-
son.

  Bob shrugged.

   “ As you wish,” he said, seating himself.
“ I meant no harm.”

  “No—my friend!” continued the mer-
curial Chataine, contritely. “ I meant no
offense—but it is precious to me—a gift—
I want no one to touch it—do you see?”

  Then he left to play, for it was band
night again.

  That night as Bob slept he felt a cold
hand upon his shoulder. Opening his eyes
he saw Chataine sitting at his side, caution-
ing him to silence. He sat up, puzzled.

  “ No noise—no sound! ” whispered Cha-
taine. He was fairly quivering with sup-
pressed excitement. “ The time is here,”
he continued, barely above his breath.
“ We go to-night!”

  Bob’s eyes opened wide now.

  “ I’ll explain, Bob,” continued Chataine;
“ you will learn more later. I'm trusting
you. If you fail me—” There was deadly
menace in the Frenchman’s voice.

                         2	A
OUT OF THE CORAL SEA.

193

  ** Why should I fail you?” asked Bob.
“ I have as much at stake as you have.
Lead on, Paul—if there’s a ghost of a
chance, we’ll go through—or—take what
comes. Once I start, I swear I’ll never
come back.’’

  “Good!” murmured Chataine. He lis-
tened intently. No sound disturbed the
silent building.

  “ There is a girl,” he continued presently,
still in a cautious whisper, “ in the town—
an English girl, a teacher in the schools.
When I came here I first saw her from the
band shell. Later she talked to me. We
fell in love—yes—she loves me—branded
as a criminal!”

  His voice broke slightly.

  “ I tell you, Bob, while there are such
women on earth, there’s little need of
heaven! For a year now we have had our
little meetings occasionally, on band nights.
At length she planned that I should escape
—you may be sure I did not suggest it first
to her—not to the woman I love better than
life-—or my hope of heaven!

  “ I saw her to-night for several minutes.
I have been here long enough to know that
one cannot escape without aid from the out-
side, and the warden knows I know it. He
doesn’t dream any one would help—that’s
why he sometimes sends me on errands.

  “ She saw me leave on my errand to-
night and followed me. I ran to the ca-
thedral in back of the town—walking
through the Rue Austrelitz, across the Rue
Inkerman and Sebastapol, and no one
stopped me. I waited for her in the shadow
of the statue of Jeanne d’Arc. It took but
a moment. Everything is ready!

  “ She has made all preparations. She
goes with us. At the first opportunity we
will be married. Now you know.”

  Bob stared.

  “ But how are you going to get out?” he
asked.

  Chataine chuckled quietly.

  “ We’ll go through the window and into
the water—the lagoon has few sharks.
We’ll swim to a certain point—you’ll fol-
low me—where she will meet us. Almost
all the guards are in town to-night at the
garrison dance—I played sick and got away
from playing. Now—have you the heart
3 A

for it? It is desperate, Bob; it may
mean—”

  '‘Anything!” breathed Bob. “ I’m with
you! Anything is better than this!”

  “ Then to work! ”

  To Bob’s astonishment the Frenchman
began taking his treasured alarm clock
apart. Swiftly, silently, it came apart in
his long fingers until the long mainspring
dangled in the narrow strip of moonlight
that flooded in through the heavily barred
window.

  Then Bob saw that the reverse—inside—
of the spring was filed—it was, in truth, a
long steel saw of the finest, keenest metal!

  “ An idea of mine!” whispered Chataine
gleefully. “ It couldn’t be seen if the clock
was opened, and it allowed the clock to run!
Now, to work! It is eleven o’clock. By
morning we must be far to be safe—make
every moment count! ”

  Working as quietly as possible, desisting
at every shadow of sound, hearts beating
fiercely, they worked. The bars were heavy
iron, but not hard. The prison was of an-
cient construction, and the metal was old-
fashioned, forge bars. The keen steel bit
into it, yet it was slow, arduous work.
Somewhere in town a clock told them that
it was twelve when the last metal was cut
through.

  Chataine picked up the clock, its parts
and the saw and put them in his pocket.

  “ I don’t want them to know how it was
done,” he whispered; then: “ I’ll go first—
follow me. Dive as quietly as you can.
Fll show you the way through the shallow
waters so that we’ll take the least chances
with—sharks. But should it happen, you’ll
see a rowboat burning three small lamps—
red, white, and green. Go to it—don’t stop
to help me—it will be too late—and I'll do
the same.”	v

  Their hands met in a tight clasp. It was
life or death. The Frenchman suddenly
raised his face to the brilliant skies and his
eyes closed.

  “Oh, God!” he murmured, “help us!”

  Bob turned away suddenly, abashed. He
heard Chataine murmuring something about
“ Ada the light was blocked out as his
body filled the window and then it came
again. Below Bob heard a faint sw-w-ish!
194

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

      Without a moment’s hesitation he climbed
     to the window. There he poised a second
     to measure the distance, and then dived
     into the sea.

 understand. Now,
 rested, for we have

            CHAPTER V.

           THE UNCHARTED ISLE.

  IT was a long, dizzy drop—more than a
  hundred feet—and Bob thought he
  would never reach the surface again.
  Lungs almost bursting with the prolonged
  submersion, he came to the surface finally
  and breathed deeply. Recovering, he kept
  his body below, only allowing part of his
  head to show. Ahead he descried Chataine
  swimming noiselessly and powerfully. All
  about them die tropic night glowed with an
  Elysian luster. The prison was dark and
  quiet. So far, all was well. He followed
  Chataine.

     Once the thought of sharks came to him,
 and he recalled Chataine’s tragic injunction.
 A thrill of horror raced through him, prick-
 ling his flesh, but he resolutely put it aside.
 Years seemed to be slipping from his shoul-
 ders. The taste of freedom was sweet in his
 mouth. The thrill of adventure, the lure of
 the tropics, all were calling to the warm
 stream in his veins. Freedom at last! He
 thrilled in answer to the thought. Grimly
 he resolved to die rather than to go back to
 the prison.

  Some thirty minutes later they both
climbed into a small tender moored in the
shadow of a tiny cove, and Chataine clasped
the figure of a girl to his heart with many
murmured endearments.

   Bob sat in the back and turned his face
toward the sea. A passion like this he had
never known. That a woman would risk so
much for a man he had never believed. He
glanced back over the water. All was quiet
and calm under the white witchery of the
moon. So far, their escape had not been
discovered.

   Paul’s voice broke in on him.

   “ This is Bob, whom I told you of, Ada,”
 he was saying, “ and this, Bob, is Ada. We
 owe her everything, Bob—life itself. She
 planned it all for me—is giving up all that
 most women hold dear—”

   “ Hush! ” whispered the girl, laying slim,
white fingers upon Paul’s lips. “ I am
sure Mr.—Bob will
quickly, if you have
miles to go.”

   Both men settled to the oars, and, di-
rected by the girl, stole along the shore
to the north. While they rowed the girl
enlightened Bob. She was a wholesome,
good-looking girl, one who breathed of the
fresh outdoors and athletics. Bob was
struck by one fact—there was an unusual
distance between her eyes.

   “ I have a thirty-five-foot sloop,” she was
telling him, “ with mains’l and jib and spare
sails. It has a cabin, is sound and sea-
worthy, and is fully stocked—for our trip
—even if it should take months. And she’s
fast.

   “ I pretended a more than usual interest
in island cruising, and bought her with my

 savings. It has taken six months and infi-
 nite caution to get her ready. I left a mes-
 sage that I have gone to Pau to buy a
 pearl. I frequently go there—it’s only
 forty-five miles. I said I’d be back in a
 week. I hope to gain that much start. The
 rest is simple. They’ll think you both went
 inland. Most attempts to escape are made
 so. Perhaps we’ll get a week’s start. It’s
 all we need.”

   Bob nodded. He examined the calm girl
 again as he listened to her crisp words. He
 even smiled slightly. The distance be-
 tween her eyes meant something more than
 mere facial space. Paul was indeed a lucky
 man!

   Within an hour they were aboard the
 Hawk. Bob’s heart leaped high with hope
 when he saw the trim, stanch sloop, with
 its heavily built hull and cabin, its racy
 lines. In his boyhood he had sailed a cat-
 boat and a canoe equipped with a sail upon
 the Hudson, so he had a slight familiarity
 with the mode of procedure. He fell to and
 helped the girl and Chataine hoist the sails.
 With hardly a sound the Hawk pointed her
 nose into the phosphorescent sea. Ada stood
 at the wheel.

 “ First trick at the wheel!” she laughed
excitedly, in her full, throaty voice. “ I
know this boat, and I’ll get her out to sea.

If they should ever think that I had a hand
OUT OF THE CORAL SEA.

195

in Paul’s freedom, they’ll imagine we went
due north to the Solomons or east to
Queensland. I don’t think they’ll ever sus-
pect me, though. They’ll think you went
inland. Anyway, we’re headed into the
Coral Sea, nor-nor’west. In three days the
whole French navy couldn’t find us!”

  Both men stood and watched her with an
admiration that could find no tongue. She
stood silent for a minute, then went on:

“ Don’t think me a desperate character,
Bob. I’m not. I did this first for Paul.

I know he is innocent, and a great injustice
has been done him. If I hadn’t helped, he
might have—died there before anything
could be done for him.

  “ He told me your story, and we both
were sure you were innocent, too. Some-
times the gods conspire to mean things—
then—then—we must do what we think best
and right.” She paused again, her voice
uncertain; then, with concern: “ Go below,
Paul, and change your clothes. You’re wet
through, and you’re not strong. There’s a
change for both of you. As soon as Paul
is through, you can change. I don’t like
your—prison garb.”

   Bob lingered at the task of changing into
dry civilian clothes. Above he heard the
murmur of the lovers’ voices. He smiled
and resolved to give them an opportunity
to talk to their hearts’ content on this their
first uninterrupted meeting.

  He examined the snug little cabin, di-
vided into two separate parts; the boxes
of provisions and canned fruits; the water
casks, axes; the two serviceable Martini-
Henry rifles, fishing tackle, tins of tobacco,
rope, matches, instruments, and many other
articles.

   He lit a pipe, reveling in the long-lost
luxury, and examined one of the rifles. The
Hawk began to feel the motion of the big
rollers, and the sails became taut. She raced
away, the wind strong and steady. The
girl had thought of everything, Bob
reflected. There was even a cask of oil
for the lamps and cooking utensils; a pistol
hung in a holster, several clocks, a small
demijohn of rum, and—even a supply of
books.

   “ Lucky devil! ” Bob told his soul, think-
ing of Paul. “ One girl in a million!”

  Later he went on deck. The lovers sat
close together at the wheel, and they hailed
him as he turned away.

  “ You and I will finish the night at the
wheel, Bob,” said Paul, “ while Ada gets
some sleep in her cabin.”

  The girl went below, and the two men
stood silently at the wheel, gazing out over
the sea.

  “ Well?” asked Paul in a blithe voice.

  Bob turned to look at the man. It was
an entirely different Paul Chataine than he
had ever observed before. A remarkable
metamorphosis had taken place. He saw
a handsome, straight-standing young man,
whose cheeks were flushed and whose eyes
shone with the life and animation and hope
that freedom inspired.

  “ I think you are a very lucky man,
Paul,” said Bob quietly, putting a friendly
hand upon Paul’s arm.

  “ I—know,” replied the other humbly.
“ It’s all like a dream. I have already
forgotten—Noumea. I owe my life to her.
Think what she invites by helping us!
Think! They could send her to prison!
God help me to be worthy of her! ”

  His voice trembled with emotion. For
some minutes they stood in a pregnant si-
lence; then, deliriously happy, Paul broke
out again:

  “ We’ll touch somewhere long enough to
be married; then we’ll go far enough away
that they’ll never think of looking for us.
It’s easy to lose one’s self among the is-
lands. But you, my friend? Is there no
one you wish to go to—no one waiting
somewhere?”

  “ Not a soul,” replied Bob.

  “ Then you shall go with us!” enthusias-
tically decided Paul.

  “ And where are you going?” asked Bob.

  Paul did not answer immediately. WTien
he did his voice was grave. “ Heaven only
knows! I suppose every large port will be
watched—every civilized avenue of escape
closed! I’m afraid we’ve but little choice—
since we have no money to pave the way
to justice. Ada and I have talked it over
more than once.

  “ We thought we’d simply drop out of
sight and live on one of the uninhabited
islands. You know, there are thousands
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

 196

 Cts yef uncharted, where a white foot has
 never stepped. They are mostly fertile—
 fruit and game and fish—and we thought
 that after some years we could go to the
 United States and start all over again. That
 is what we have in mind to do. If you want
 to, you can come with us.”

   “ I have no pressing engagements else-
 where,” answered Bob after a moment's
 thought. “ I’ll go with you.”

  “Good!” exclaimed Chataine. “And
now for a voyage of discovers' to find an
uncharted island! Our first stop is Aola,
where Ada and I will be married. There’s
only a lone missionary there—no cables or
■wires, thank Heaven! Then for the Coral
Sea!

   “ You know,” he went on with the ex-
 cited air of a boy on a holiday, “ I’ve al-
 ways wanted to come to these islands—since
 I’ve been a boy. I used to study their his-
 tory in utter fascination, and I could name
 every one and give you its history—if it
 had any. I never thought, though, that
 my first sight of them would be—Noumea.”

   The night passed uneventfully. They
 talked and planned and learned once more
 how to laugh. The next day they touched
 for an hour at Aola. where an astonished
 white missionary hastily married Paul and
 Ada, was hugged enthusiastically by both,
 and watched them sail out of sight. Then
 he went back to his primitive abode on the
 edge of a wilderness of tropical jungle,
 where he lived and wrestled valiantly with
 the native “ man-belong-bush.” He was
 no fool, this missionary. He had a shrewd
 suspicion regarding the two men; but when
 he thought of the girl he smiled. “ Un-
 less I'm asked,” he told himself, “ I’ll say
 nothing.”

   For a week all went well. The honey-
 mooners were deliriously happy: and Bob,
 finding himself in the great, wonderful open
 of the Coral Sea, was as happy as he had
 ever been in his life. No signs of a chase,
 or any craft whatever had as yet been en-
 countered.

   On the fourteenth day Paul slipped and
 fell, hurting his ankle severely. When it
 was found that he could not walk it was
 decided that they would land upon the
 first island that seemed uninhabited.

   On the fifteenth day they sighted a long,
low island, heavily wooded. A hasty con-
sultation of their maps and a survey of their
position failed to reveal any sign of it being
recorded.

   Anchoring the Hawk in a sheltered cove,
they brought Paul ashore in the tender, for
his foot was now swollen badly and he could
not use it at all.

   The thick patches of woodland ran close
to the dazzling white coral sands of the
beach. In the treetops gayly colored par-
rots screeched and quarreled, while a cloud
of pigeons whirled against the turquoise of
the sky. Bougainvillea, red hibiscus and
countless other flowers drugged the drowsy
air with perfume, which mingled with the
saline savor of the sea. Heat lay on the
land like sleep on the eyes of a tired
dreamer.

   Bob stretched languidly, then explored
the near-by woodland. He grinned genial-
ly at every primeval evidence. They found
a species of natural cave, where they took
up their habitation, and they planned to
stay indefinitely. The island seemed fruit-
ful, and they had no doubt that small game
would abound. As for fish, they were sure
of that.

   The rifles, ammunition and various other
articles were brought ashore, while they
made themselves at home, disporting more
like children than fugitives. It was decided
that they would explore when Paul recov-
ered the use of his ankle. Only one black
bead was there in the golden rosary of their
prospect—natives. No one voiced this pos-
sibility, but Paul had told Bob that many
tribes were still utter savages, wild and un-
tractable, and some still practiced canni-
balism.

  Still, there were no signs of human
beings anvwhere. It might have been the
dawn of creation but for themselves. When
a week slipped by and nothing disturbed
the perfect peace of their retreat they forgot
their fears.

  Then, one evening, they heard what
sounded like faint, distant gunshots. All
three came to their feet, their meal forgot-
ten, listening intently. Of course, they
could not be sure: the sounds were too faint
and far away. They were sobered. They
OUT OF THE CORAL SEA.

197

determined to keep the Hawk in instant
readiness for flight, and also to reconnoiter
cautiously the next day. That night both
men lay with their rifles close by.

CHAPTER VI.

A CIFT FROM OTHER ACES.

BOB slept very little that night. A ner-
vous fear haunted him. It would be
too ghastly to be taken back to Nou-
mea now—after this taste of freedom.
Early the next morning it was decided that
he was to go alone to reconnoiter. Paul’s
foot was still quite useless and he still hob-
bled with pain.

  Both Paul and Ada cautioned Bob again
and again, until he finally laughed. “ I’ll
be very careful,” he promised, though their
affectionate concern brought a throb to his
throat. “ I’ll not show myself, and I’ll not
go far. Don’t worry, please. I’ll be back
by noon.”

  He set out and described a semicircle
around their camp. The tropic forest
flamed with flowers and abounded with
small game, but he found no signs of hu-
mans. He wondered how long the island
was, how wide, what lay over the range of
low hills; but he had no time to explore
farther, as he had promised to be back by
noon, and he knew how his friends would
worry if he should delay.

  As he swung down toward the shore, in-
tending to make his way back to camp over
the white sands, he suddenly froze in his
tracks. He had come full upon a sandy
stretch, protected by long wooded arms that
ran far to sea on both sides, and on the
beach was the hull of a ship—apparently an
ancient wreck.

  The masts were gone, but the lines of
her hull caused his eyes to widen. It
looked like a fantasy of other centuries.
“ If I didn’t know better,” he told himself,
“ I’d be firmly convinced that Columbus
lost one of his caravels here.”

  Greatly excited, intrigued by this survi-
val of other centuries, he made his way to
the hull, which lay partly in the shallows.
It was green with age; plant life had found
a foothold in many a favorable spot; yet

the stout hull itself had remained intact
throughout the years.

  He made out some letters upon her bow,
carved upon a stout name plank. There
was also the remains of a coat of arms;
but parts had split and rotted and the
balance was little more than a fungus com-
position.

  He spelled the letters “ 1-i-a-a,” eager to
penetrate the identity of the old ship; but
they meant nothing to him. “ I wonder,”
he mused, k‘ what I’ll find inside her—some
of her people—I wonder—” His mind was
whirling with possibilities, gruesome expec-
tations.

  He dropped his rifle and scaled the sides.
Once on deck, he looked about. It was
grass-grown! Yet the stout cedar planks
held. Gingerly, with beating heart, Bob
walked to the cabins that slanted away aft.
He tried a door. It disintegrated into
pieces.

  Then he started back with an exclama-
tion of alarm, for a witch-flight of giant
bats rushed past him. He shook himself,
and, entering, saw that a great hole on one
side permitted the gruesome creatures to
enter and make it their home.

  Inside he found some remains of what
had once been furniture. Whatever article
he touched fell away in his fingers like Chi-
nese punk. Then he saw several chests
of cedar, heavily copper bound, nowT green
with age.

  A hope—wild, impossible, thrilling—
leaped in his heart. He broke open one
chest easily enough and stepped back, dis-
appointed. It contained what appeared to
be several black vases and some black
crosses.

  He smashed open the next chest. A
heap of gray ashes lay in it. Disappoint-
ed again, he stirred them wnth the back of
an old worm-eaten mahogany chair. The
ashes had once been clothes—tiny vestiges
for identification still remained. And at the
bottom he came upon some marvelous vases
that were gem-studded so thickly with un-
mistakably fine jewels that he cried out with
sudden vehemence.

  A fortune! Rubies and sapphires and
great rose-cut diamonds by the score!
Searching further, he found a large quantity
19S

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

of huge gold coins. They bore a mint mark,
but were so worn that he could not make
out the country of their issue.

  Trembling now. he tore oft his coat and
filled it with the treasure. Leaping from
the ship, he buried it in the sands near
the foot of a great coconut palm. Several
trips of this sort he made, until the contents
of both chests were safe underground—ex-
cept for some coins and one vase which he
intended bringing back to his friends as
evidence of their enormous good fortune.
He picked up his rifle and fairly ran down
the smooth sands. Soon he was forced to
make several detours, but finally he was
surprised to come upon the Hawk riding at
anchor right before him. The treasure ship
was not even half a mile away!

  He burst in upon Paul and Ada in a
galvanic fun* of enthusiasm. As fast as
he could he told them of his find, and of-
fered the coins and the vase before their as-
tonished eyes.

  They stood looking at one another with
mixed feelings, hardly daring to credit it
all. Wealth such as this unlocked the gates
of that world which had shut upon them in
their poverty.

  “ But tell me,’’ finally exclaimed the vol-
uble Paul. “ what was the name of the ship?
Could you see? Was there anything to
identify it? I used to know the history of
these seas. Perhaps—”

  Bob gave him the initials he had been
able to decipher, and Paul wrote them
down, puzzling over them intently.

  •• Xow'” said Bob. “ With money at our
command, we can get justice!" His voice
grew slightly acrid. “ Without it we are

*	incorrigibies with it, we can go through
the courts and prove—”

  “ We—we!” interrupted Paul. “ You—
not we! You found it—it’s yours!”

  Bob turned and sun-eyed his friend with
narrowed eyes, while a smile stole about the
corners of his mouth. Sternly he pointed a
finger at the radiant Paul.

  " Young man,” he reproved. “ I said u-e.
This is half and half. There's enough for all
of us, and I'm not—” He paused, and his
face grew very grave. He turned to Ada.
who was watching both men with her hands
clasped in ecstatic joy. her eyes brilliant.

” It really is all vours,” went on Bob quiet-
ly, nodding toward both of them. “ If it
were not for Ada and you. Paul. I would
still be making reads under the broiling sun
—or be dead because I'd made a dash for
liberty. Let's not talk about it further."

  “ Oh—I—I—” began Ada. then her voice
quavered and failed. She buried her head
upon her husband's shoulder and wept.

  “ Le bon Dieu has been good to us. my
sweet,” murmured Paul, patting her shoul-
der. “ Cry, little one. if you feel like it
now—I do not mind tears of happiness!

I—I—am very near it myself! ” Then he
shook his head almost impatiently. " But
to work! ’’ he cried, taking up his paper and
pencil again, while Ada smiled through her
tears. " What shall we do now. Bob?”

  " Have something to eat! ” suggested
Bob gravely. “ The treasure is safe—we'll
decide after lunch—I'm hungry. Come on.
Ada, I’ll help you cook a meal. I’m a good
cook—thanks to the army!”

  While Bob and the girl busied themselves
making a small fire. Paul sat hunched over
his paper, his brow knit in furrows.

  u I've got it!” he cried suddenly—so
suddenly and unexpectedly that Ada
dropped the coffee pot and Bob whirled.

  “ By the way you act." exclaimed Bob.

" I’d rather say you ft ad ’em’ Heavens,
man—you startled me!"

  “Look!" cried Paul, pointing to the
paper, and taking no note of Bob’s levity.

“ You see? It fits in! Your ship. Bob. is
the Almiranta! I’d swear to it!”

  " Which,” replied Bob. “ means nothing
in my young life! Who was she?"

  *• Don't you recall?” babbled the over-
wrought Paul. “ About 1690, Mendana
sailed from Lima. Peru, with four ships and
four hundred people to colonize the Solo-
mons. They were to come to San Cristo-
val, but instead were lost and made Santa
Cruz in a storm. And that same night
the Almiranta. one of the ships, disappeared
from the ken of white men. Her fate was
one of the many mysteries of the sea. Don't
you recall it now? And think of our find-
ing her—after three hundred years—and
more! ”

  They stared at one another incredulously.

  " Mendana. if I remember, died in the is-
OUT OF THE

CORAL SEA.

199

lands, and his chief pilot, Quiros, looked for
the Almiranta, but gave up the search and
went to Manila. I remember it all distinct-
ly now—I used to pour over the story when
I was a boy!”

   “ Well,” said Bob, after a silence in which
they had eyed one another with conflicting
emotions, “ I'm extremely grateful to Mr.
Mendana—but I’m just as much grateful
to you—and to Ada!”

   He shook the grave shadow from his voice
and continued more brightly:

  “ Let’s get something to eat now. To-
morrow we’ll explore the rest of the Al-
miranta—or whatever her name was. We
can’t be sure, of course; the Spaniards who
sailed out of Lima lost many treasure
ships.”

  “ To-morrow?” cried Paul. “ To-mor-
row? Right after lunch 1”

  “ But your foot?”

  “ You have no idea how much better it
is!” grinned Paul. “ The power of money
is marvelous!”

  Their simple meal began to take on the
aspects of a feast, for good fortune is a
stimulating condiment.

   Then again, like an ominous threat, came
three faint detonations—distant shots!

CHAPTER VII.

“ AND WHAT A GIRL!”

THEY eyed one another with grave con-
cern, their meal forgotten.

“ Those were gun shots,” said Paul
Chataine quietly.

  “ What shall we do?” whispered Ada,
white to the lips, her eyes resting upon her
husband. For herself she felt no concern;
but possible recapture or danger to Paul
wrung her heart.

  “ This,” decided Bob swiftly. “We’ll
leave our find here—it’s safe where I put it
under the tree. There are no marks in the
sand, and no one could locate it in a hun-
dred years. We have the latitude and longi-
tude of this place and can find it again.

  “ In the meanwhile we’ll take this one
vase and the coins with us and look for some
other island where we’ll be undisturbed un-
til their confounded man-hunt dies down.

  “ You and Paul go on board the Hawk,
and make ready to sail, while I investigate
and find out who is on this island with us.

I can’t imagine who would be firing shots in
a place like this.”

   “ Unless,” answered Paul, “ there are na-
tives in the interior, and they have an old
trade gun or two. The shots seem to come
from over those hills.”

   “ Well,” continued Bob, “ there’s no sense
in running out into the open sea until we
know what we are trying to run aw7ay from.
I’ll go and have a look. In the meanwhile,
get on board and be ready to sail.”

   He picked up his rifle again, stuffed an
extra box of cartridges into his pocket and
added a field glass to his equipment. Paul
and Ada began to pack their belongings into
the tender.

   “ I’ll be back by evening, I hope,” said
Bob. “ You’ll see me on the beach.”

   “ I hate to let you go alone,” began Paul,
his eyes full of affection for his friend, “ but
my foot—”

   “ Please—be careful! ” called Ada.

  Bob, who was already swinging toward
the woods, turned and laughed.

   “ I promise,” he answered gayly, “ to be
very careful! I’ll eat no cannibals and I
won’t attack the French navy!”

   With extreme prudence, making as little
noise as possible, he made his way into the
jungle. Above him the bright-hued parrots
screamed in the green, tropic roof which
seemed to be supported by the vine-clad
trunks of mighty trees that reared skyward
like cathedral pillars. Here and there grew
groups of banana trees or graceful sago-
palms; red hibiscus flowers made patches of
color on the somber green of the grass;
delicate mosses and feathery ferns were
everywhere; and over all hung the moist,
hot taint of the tropics.

  It took him half an hour to reach the
first low hills; then almost an hour to cross
them. From their summits he saw that the
island was apparently miles in length, a
veritable Eden, as undisturbed as it must
have been in the first, faint day of creation.

   Reaching a height he caught the glitter
of the sea before and below him. Evidently,
the island was narrow.

  Walking forward and wondering how to
200

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

account for the shots, he came to a natural
opening in the jungle that permitted a clear
view of the sea—and stopped abruptly.

   Riding at anchor upon the gentle swell
was a big two-master! That meant white
men. What were they doing here? He im-
mediately decided that this could not be
part of a pursuit, for official French vessels
were all steam power. Several shots sound-
ed right before him. He slipped behind
some dense underbrush and waited, his
heart beating tumultuously. He could not
see who was firing, as the heavy foliage
intervened.	\

   Speculating with excited curiosity he de-
termined to push forward and get a glimpse
of the people, whoever they were.

   Crawling at times, dodging from tree to
tree, he moved slowly toward the beach and
stopped when he had a good view of it.

   He saw several seminaked Kanakas gath-
ering shells from the beach and dumping
them in baskets; others, working from a
small boat, seemed to be diving and bring-
ing up more shells. A white man, so dark
that he looked like a Kanaka, swung out
of the woods carrying a shotgun and a string
of pigeons.

   Evidently, decided Bob, this was an is-
land trader who had discovered a bed of
pearl shell, and was taking it aboard. He
breathed a sigh of relief. This ship would
go sooner or later ; then he and his com-
panions could stay in peace as long as they
felt it was necessary.

  He was about to return to the Hawk
when he remembered his glasses, and, curi-
ous to get a closer look at the man with
the gun and the ship, he swept the beach.
An exclamation left his lips.

   With the aid of the glasses he saw another
white man, swarthy, aquiline - featured,
saturnine, who stood in the blue shadows
of some coconut palms at the extreme right
of the beach. He was leaning upon his
rifle. And on a flat-topped stone sat a girl,
dressed in white.

   The glasses brought them face to face
with him, and he caught his breath sharply
and fell back a pace, staring with the blank
stupidity of a bewildered and incredulous
amazement. In all his life he had never
seen such sheer, incomparable loveliness.

    A white girl!’’ he told his listening soul.
“And what a girl! And that chap with
her looks like a—pirate!”

  He could see she was young, possessed
of an indescribable patrician delicacy, min-
gled with youthfulness and a strange, for-
eign grace. The eyes were twin violet pools
with gold-flecked pupils that would have
driven a Velasquez to despair. The sneer-
ing, dangerous face of the man caused in-
stant antipathy. It was leering, evil.

  Eagerly he looked again at the girl, and
something within him seemed to gush warm
all at once and thrill in answer to her un-
usual beauty.

  “ Who can she be, I wonder?” he thought.

  As he watched he noted swiftly that they
seemed to be quarreling. Their voices did
not reach him.

  The man was arrogant and smiling leer-
ingly; the girl was both angry and beseech-
ing. Bob watched the soundless drama in
utter fascination.

   All at once the man stooped suggestively,
and the girl slapped him. 'He laughed and
caught her in his arms. They struggled
sharply, the girl apparently frantic; but the
man easily bent her arms away and kissed
her; then he lifted his cobralike head and
laughed. The girl covered her face with
her hands and sank upon her seat. A mo-
ment later when she removed them. Bob
could see her face burning with a keen, un-
bearable, passionate shame.

  A berserker rage began to mount in Bob’s
heart. A soundless oath was on his lips.
He glanced at the Kanakas. They were
laughing. Somehow, this further outraged
Bob’s inborn instincts of chivalry; to let this
pass unchallenged was a mock at his man-
hood.

   Suddenly flinging the rifle to his shoul-
der, he brought it to bear upon the white
man; then he put it down again slowly.
That wouldn’t do. The girl might be a re-
fractory wife—it might be a domestic quar-
rel, yet—

  He noted that a high, palm-covered ledge
came within a few feet of where the man
and the girl were. Some instinct within
him urged him to investigate further. Ut-
terly oblivious of the chances he took in
thus exposing himself, he crept forward,
OUT OF THE CORAL SEA.

201

and at length lay almost directly above
them.

  Peering over the ledge he saw them both,
and the man’s voice came to him distinctly.
Glancing around he noted that the Kanakas
on the beach could not see him. Parting
the grass he looked over.

  “ What a fuss you make,” the man was
saying, “ over one kiss!”

  “ When we get to Macao,” the girl
stormed, raising her face, her voice broken
by sobs, “ I’ll tell my father. He’ll teach
you a 1-lesson—you soulless b-brute!”

  The man laughed heartily.

  “ Your father is dead, I tell you,” he an-
swered brutally. “ Drank too much. Be-
sides, a shrimp like that never caused me
any worry! T could break two of him across
my knee! ”

  “ I don’t b-believe he’s dead!” the girl
sobbed.

  “ You’ll see,” the man said, shrugging his
shoulders; then; “ Maybe we won’t get back
to Macao. I’ve found a bed of gold-edged
pearl shell that ought to make me rich. I
can sell it in any port for nine hundred a
ton—then we can come back here, you and
I, eh? This island isn’t on the maps and
no one knows of it—we could be here for
years and no one would disturb us. It’s
ovit of the trading and passenger routes.
Lucky our casks leaked and we had to come
ashore for fresh water, eh?”

  The girl’s low sobbing was her only an-
swer.

  “ Oh, stop it! ” cried the man impatient-
ly. “ I hate a crying woman! Why, no
one else would have treated you as well as
I have! I’m master here and on my ship,
and my will is law—do you understand
what I mean?”

  Still there was no answer, but she shiv-
ered under the lash of a veiled threat that
she only partly comprehended.

  A blaze of bitter blood shone in Bob’s
face. His teeth came together firmly. His
instinct was to punish the man on the spot,
but he saw that such an action would be
worse than suicide for both. He would be
captured, and that wouldn’t help the girl.
He held his sense of proportion and self-
control with a firm hand.

  “ Something told me not to trust you,”

sobbed the girl. “ I’d never have gone with
you if I hadn’t been so anxious to see my
father—and you had the letter I sent him—
w-whatever made him trust you to bring
m-me? Oh, I wish I was dead!”

  “ Oh, come—come! ” said the man gruffly.
“ Let’s not go over that again. You’re here
now—so why talk about it? As for the
letter and the photograph—I have Moy
Song to thank for them!

  “ Look here,” he went on, argumenting
sullenly, “ wouldn’t you prefer me to a
Chinaman? I promised I’d bring you back,
but I never dreamed you’d turn out to be
such a little beauty! He offered me a
pretty stiff price to get you. Well, I’m
passing that up because I like you—any-
way, wouldn’t you prefer me to him? He’s
a little, dried-up, yellow Chinaman, and he
already has a white wife. Why not be sen-
sible? He wouldn’t marry you—he
couldn’t. I might. That’s the difference!
You’ve got me crazy about you—I’m off
my head—I don’t know what you’ve done
to me—” He stopped and looked around,
stirred by the depths of his feelings; then
continued: “ I’ll have lots of money, Zelma,
when I sell this bed of shell—there’s tons
and tons of it. And we could come back
here—”

  “I’d die first!” cried the girl, coming
to her feet, her eyes filled with a great ter-
ror, a breathless, loathing disgust.

   “ You certainly will die,” he told her with
a sudden, furious vehemence, “ if you try
anything desperate! If you go overboard,
the sharks will get you or you’ll drown;
if you try running away here, the snakes
will get you or you’ll starve to death—or
worse—if there’s natives—”

   The girl cried out sharply.

  “Please!” she begged. “Please! You
have your better moments—please let me
go! See—here on my knees, I beg of you!
I swear that I shall kill myself before I’ll
accept either—”

  “You won’t get the chance!” he inter-
rupted darkly. “ I'll watch you pretty
closely! And you’ll either do as 7 want you
to—or, by God, I’ll take you back to Moy
Song and let him work his will with you!
That will be worse for you—but I’ll get
my money! I’m damned if I’ll let you
202

ARGOSY -ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

cheat me out of both! Either I get you—or
IT11 get the money for you, and turn you
over to that yellow reptile.

   “ Now, come along, Zelma, you’ve got to
go back on board. Don’t force me to tie
you up! We’ll be here for some time, and
if you behave, I’ll let you come akiore
every day for a while. I’m not going to
rush you—you can think it over as long
as we stay here—but when the shell’s on
board—I want my answer. That’s all the
time you have to think about it—and, by
God, it’s more than any other man in the
world would give you! Come along now—
don’t make any useless fuss—you’ve got to
go aboard.”

   Bob held himself in check only with in-
tense difficulty. White as chalk, his re-
straint slipping, he watched them get into
the longboat, after which several Kanakas
rowed them out to the ship.

  The girl's sobs made no impression upon
the depraved natives, nor, apparently, upon
the other white man. For a week, seeming-
ly, until all the shell was on board, she
was safe—unless driven hard, she might de-
stroy herself. Bob began to plan, though
his white-heat anger handicapped him.
Something must be done—but what? He
had already irrevocably committed himself
to action on her behalf—but there was Paul
and Ada—they must be thought of, too.

  It would soon be dark. He suddenly
remembered that he had promised to be
back early. He must do nothing to jeopard-
ize their safety; they, too, must be con-
sidered as well as the girl, though her cause
pulled at his heart strings with paining fin-
gers.

   He made his way back to the jungle, and
once out of sight of those on the beach,
lost no time in crossing the island. It was
dusk when he stepped out upon the beach
and saw the Hawk sailing back and forth
across the little bay.

  Paul must have been watching sharply,
for his signal was answered instantly. The
Hawk swung at once to her former anchor-
age and dropped anchor. Paul came for
him in the tender.

   Seated upon the deck he told them swift-
ly what he had seen and heard.

   “ But,” he wound up, “ it’s my affair, and

I can’t allow it to jeopardize your safety.
I have no right to include you in the risk
of getting her away. So, here’s what I pro-
pose: you and Ada clear out and leave me
enough ammunition and food for a week—”
Then Paul exploded and Ada raised her
hand in interruption.

  “Look here!” cried Paul. “Do you
think—”

  “ Bob,” interrupted Ada, placing her
hand on his arm, “ we can’t leave without
some attempt to release her—what else have
you in mind—anything?”

   “ This is simply fine of both of you,”
Bob answered. “ But I can’t allow—”
“Fool!” cried Paul in exasperation.
“ Don’t talk nonsense! WTe won’t leave
you—it’s out of the question! Why, you’d
die here! Why don’t you watch until you
get an opportunity to talk to the girl? If
you could get her into the bush with an
hour or two’s start, she could board the
Hawk and we’d be gone before they could
round the island to give chase—”

   “ And,” eagerly interrupted Ada, “ the
Hawk can show a clean pair of heels to
anything like a trader—she’s fast! We
must try to help that girl.”

   “ Perhaps,” suggested Bob suddenly, “ I
could buy her release with some of our
jewels? The man looks and talks like an
avaricious cur who would sell anything at
a price!”

   “ Perhaps,” agreed Ada; but Paul shook
his head.

   “ You wouldn’t succeed,” he declared.
“ You don’t know the caliber of some of
the traders of these waters. He’d take your
jewels and the girl, too—and perhaps your
life in the bargain, so you would never be
able to tell what you know!”

  Then, for some minutes they sat in a
palpitant silence.

   “ I’ll go back there every day,” Bob said
firmly. “ I’ll make an opportunity to talk
to her and effect her escape into the bush
somehow. If I can manage to get several
hours’ start, I’ll bring her aboard and we'll
be gone before he can round the island to
give chase. If not, I’ll take my chances of
buying her release with my share of the
find—now, don’t interrupt me—I’ll not
budge an inch, I tell you!
OUT OF THE CORAL SEA.

203

  <! In the meanwhile I’ll dismount the
jewels in the vase we have—bait and proof
of greater quantities in exchange for the
girl—if it becomes necessary and the chance
offers. We’ll go right now and divide the
vases and coins. You’ll take your half and
I’ll bury my half in several places. Your
half will be on board, so you can pull out
at any minute.

  “ Every day you’ll stand off and on the
island, ready to put to sea if I show up alone
with the girl. If I fail to come back for
two days, then as you value Ada’s life, put
to sea and leave this island. I’ll manage
somehow—”

  “ But, look here—” began Paul, in heated
protest.

  “ That’s all there is to it, old friend,”
Bob interrupted grimly, facing Paul. “ It’s
that or I stay alone.”

  No amount of entreaty could move him
from his decision.

  They unmounted a dozen large, rose-cut
diamonds, sapphires and rubies from the
vase. Bob concealed these in the waist-
band of his trousers. Then they sailed the
Hawk to the cove, where the ancient wreck
lay, and the treasure was divided. Bob
buried his share, while Ada made a map of
its location, and wrote out latitude and
longitude of the island. This map she kept,
at Bob’s request, after he had memorized
the necessary numbers.

  “ I can remember it,” he assured her.
“ It’s best that I don’t carry it with me.
One can never tell what nay happen, you
know.”

  Later, when they sat upon deck in a
friendly silence, after even Paul had ceased
his attempts to dissuade Bob from his
course, Ada suddenly asked Bob:

  “ Is she—beautiful, Bob?”

  “ The most beautiful thing I ever saw on
God’s earth!” he answered swiftly, without
any hesitation. He realized that this girl
had impressed him out of all proportion to
what he knew of her; yet a swift analysis
disclosed to him that the entire chemistry
of his being longed for this one girl. It
was startling; he tried to disbelieve it. As
well try to turn the stars from their courses!
It suddenly became the one looming, most
firmly fixed fact in his life.

   “ Ah!” breathed the vivacious Paul, soft-
ly. He was French, and real French blood
runs richly in the understanding of love.
“ How strange it is! We see a million faces,
we hear a million voices; we meet a million
women and they do not touch us. Then—
we see one, and—” He stopped and glanced
affectionately at Ada. “ Still,” he con-
tinued, “ it is not so strange, after all—the
heart knows!”

  They slept on board that night. Next
morning, early, Bob picked up his rifle,
extra cartridges, glasses, some food, and
went ashore.

CHAPTER VIII.

A DASH FOR SAFETY.

THE cool, early morning freshness of
the tropics greeted him. A sudden
compelling excitement, once he had
actually embarked upon his adventure,
urged him on faster and faster.

  He crossed the island with greater speed
this morning, but when he neared the beach
on the opposite side, he slowed down cau-
tiously.

  Creeping to his former vantage-point on
the ledge, his rifle and glasses beside him,
he saw7 that the Kanakas were already at
work loading pearl shell. There was no
sign of the white men or the girl. For sev-
eral hours he lay in the sun, thinking, wan-
dering, evolving plan after plan, executing
maneuvers, pondering on how to get the
girl away without being noticed. It never
occurred to him that perhaps the opportu-
nity might not arise. He had definitely
committed himself to rescue her—at the
point of his rifle, if need be!

  At about ten o’clock the dark man who
had shot the pigeons on the previous day
came ashore. He carried his shotgun, and
after giving some orders to the Kanakas,
w'alked up the beach, evidently bound upon
further depredation on the island’s flocks.
Bob rightly guessed that the pigeons were
intended as tid-bits for the captain's table.
Hour after hour he lay, but there was no
sign of the captain or the girl. He began
to grow apprehensive. Was she going to
stay upon the ship? Had something oc-
204

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

   curred? He caught his breath as sinister
   possibilities passed through his mind.

    The pigeon hunter at length returned
   with a good bag of the birds and was rowed
   to the ship.

    “ I could pick off the Kanakas one by
  one,” Bob thought savagely, “ force them
  to come ashore to investigate, then pick
  them all off.” But he had put this thought
  away. “ It might do as a last resort, but
  I couldn’t storm the ship,” he decided.
  “ Unless—I swam out at night and caught
  them unaware.”

    About two o’clock a signal flashed from
  the ship, and several Kanakas jumped into
  the longboat and rowed out to her. Using
  his glasses, Bob made out the captain and
  the girl coming ashore. A thrill ran through
  him—the old thrill of excitement, always
  sweet to him.

     The longboat was pulled up on the beach.
  The girl leaped lightly to a dry footing, dis-
  daining the proffered hand of the captain.
  Bob watched her approach the stone be-
  neath him with a curious, muffled drum-
  ming in his heart and ears. She was far
  more beautiful than he had dreamed. Seem-
  ingly she was calm and oblivious of all her
  surroundings. The captain lounged after
  her, confident, smiling.

   “ Now, be careful,” he heard the cap-
tain warn her. “ Don’t go too near the
jungle. My mate reports many large
snakes. I have no doubt but what the island
is inhabited; most of them are—and some
of the natives have a pleasant little way
of saving white heads to put on sticks
around the village. If you don’t behave,
you can’t come again.”

   The girl looked at him with a cold scorn,
a contemptuous disdain that apparently
penetrated his armor of braggadocio. He
flushed slightly under the level, luminous
regard.

  “ There’s plenty to interest you right
here,” he went on, with a species of defi-
ance. “ Watch those parrots or pigeons. I
will stroll down and see if any more pearls
were found. I’m treating you decently,
Zelma—giving you a pretty free hand—so
don’t make any foolish attempts to es-
cape. You can’t do it. You’d be caught in
ten minutes.”

     As Zelma surveyed the tropical jungle it
  looked hopeless indeed. She made no re-
  ply. She sat looking out to sea, her eyes
  swimming in a haze of tears. In her daunt-
  less little heart the resolution was already
  born to take the chance—rather to die in
  the jungle than to risk further proximity
  with the hulking captain.

    Bob began to make his way slowly and
  noiselessly back toward the jungle. Blood
  racing in every pulse, the saline taste of
  excitement in his mouth, he checked his
  usual desire to whistle aimlessly as was
  his habit when under intense strain. In
  the trenches in France he had caught him-
  self doing this and had smiled. The zero
  hour w?as coming now again.

     He crept tow-ard her, keeping a clump of
  foliage between himself and the occupants
  of the beach. At length he was as near as
  he dared go.

    Then he raised his head just a trifle
  above the ferns and grasses. She was still
  gazing out to sea. The look in her great,
  violet eyes bruised his heart. The others
  were a good fifty yards away. He knew
  her name, so he raised his head and called
  softly:

    “ Zelma! A friend! Don't scream or
  talk!”

     He saw the blood go from her face, while
  a tremor raced through the slim body. She
  sat quite still, but her hands clutched at her
  parasol until the knuckles shone white
  through the skin.

    “ I’m here to help you get away,” he
  went on very quietly. “ My friend and his
  wife are on the other side of the island.
  You will be safe with her. I heard your
  story by accident yesterday, and came back
  to help you. Don’t be afraid, please. You
  can trust me.”

 The girl glanced swiftly at the captain
 and the Kanakas. They were examining
 pearls and were deeply engrossed. With an
 unhurried movement she shifted her position
 and looked into Bob’s face.

  He saw the amazement, the wild hope,
 the incredulous joy that shone in her eyes
 at the possibility of release from her in-
 tolerable situation. What she saw in Bob’s
 face evidently reassured her. She nodded
 her head slightly. It was too bizarre! But
OUT OF THE CORAL SEA.

205

  what had she to lose? she thought. Any-
thing rather than the captain or—Macao.
She shuddered, while the tumult of her
pulses constricted her throat.

  “ Walk to the water’s edge,” instructed
Bob softly. “ Put up your parasol. Pick
up shells and throw them into the water.
Saunter up the beach slowly—take your
time. I’ll keep pace in the woods. When
you get to that tongue of palms, run into
the woods. I’ll be there.”

  He crept back into the underbrush and
examined his rifle. It was full. He was
ready now for whatever might come. He
watched her as she obeyed his instructions
—the careless grace of her walk; the calm,
imperturbable manner. By no sign did she
show the nervous strain under which she
must be laboring.

  “ Little thoroughbred!” Bob told his soul
in intense admiration.

  Captain Montozzi watched her, too, as
she picked up shells, examined them, and
threw them into the sea. She sauntered up
the beach aimlessly.

  He smiled. She would turn out sensible
after all. After the first outbreak they all
came to their senses sooner or later. He
let her walk. He could see up the beach
fully a mile. He never dreamed she’d take
to the jungle. Even escape meant death,
and he couldn’t believe that any woman
would prefer death to safety—no matter
what species of safety it was. As for that
talk about killing herself first, that was all
melodrama. They all said that. He smiled
again.

  But when Zelma came to the palms Bob
had indicated she slipped into the brush and
looked around.

  “ This way,” called Bob, at her side in a
moment.

  She started, hesitated, and examined his
face briefly.

  “ Don’t be afraid,” he assured her. “ You
can trust me.”

  She nodded.

  They ran swiftly inland, but before they
had covered a hundred yards they heard
cries from the beach and the sounds of the
captain and the Kanakas taking to the
woods.

  The captain had missed her.

  “ Keep going straight ahead,” whispered
Bob. “ I’ll cover the rear. Go as fast as you
can, please.”

CHAPTER IX.

A DEAL IN DIAMONDS.

FOR half a mile the girl made swift
progress. After that her pace grew
slower. She staggered once or twice,
and her breath came in short, sharp spasms.
Bob swore silently as he saw her strength
and wind ebbing toward exhaustion. His
jaw set grimly, tensely.

  The Kanakas had evidently spread out in
a circle in his rear and were beating for-
ward rapidly—keeping pace with them. He
could hear the captain’s furious shouts of
command.

  The girl stopped and leaned against a
tree. She had no breath even for words,
but her great, eloquent eyes looked up at
him as if to tell him that she had done her
best. She pointed to the jungle and finally
gasped:

  “ He—he—doesn’t know about you—
yet. Go—and leave—me! He’ll—kill—
you! I’ll find another opportunity—”

  For answer she received a vicious grum-
ble as Bob swept her up in his arms and ran
with her through the dense underbrush. She
lay in his arms like a thing bereft of life,
only her eyes looking up at him with a spe-
cies of wonder.

  It was harrowing, hot work. Crossing
an open, parklike space, a Kanaka saw him,
and shouted his discovery to the others.
The hue and cry redoubled; a bullet sud-
denly sang over Bob’s head, then another
and another.

  This was becoming dangerous. The next
bullet might strike him or the girl. He de-
termined to fight it out. Dodging behind
a bowlder, he set Zelma down and swung
his rifle to bear upon the dodging, leaping
forms in front of him. Before he could
pull the trigger another shot rang out.

  The bullet struck the bowlder to one side
of him. The nickel-jacketed slug chipped
a piece of stone, which struck him above
the eye and sent him reeling. He dropped
his rifle, striving to keep his whirling facul-
206

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

     ties. The blood began to run down into his
   eyes, and he felt a pair of arms grasp him
   from behind.

     Employing an old trick, he seized the
   Kanaka by the back of the neck and threw
   him over his shoulder; another Kanaka in
   front went down with a hard, straight blow;
   but it was useless. He couldn't see; his
   head was whirling, and other arms fastened
   upon him. He struggled hard, but all at
   once be felt the curious, soundless crash of
   his senses, and he knew no more.

     When he regained consciousness he was
   firmly bound and several Kanakas stood
   about him. Captain Montozzi watched
   him with venomous eyes. Bob noted that
   Zelma, too, was bound and was sitting upon
   a stone, her eyes fixed upon his face. It
   had been a hopeless effort! They were
   caught! He looked at the girl with a
   white, still anguish that searched and found
   her heart.

     “ Who are you?” demanded the captain
   with vivid oaths.

     Bob glanced at the girl in great mortifi-
   cation. Montozzi followed his glance, and
   had the grace to redden.

     “ What are you doing here?” he demand-
ed. “ Who are you?”

   Bob did not answer directly. He felt
faint and sick. He tried a different tack.

   “ If you don’t release us,” he answered,

“ youll soon find out! I Ve enough men
here to wipe you and your crew off the map.
Untie me!”

   The captain glanced around swiftly and
smiled.

   “ Xot right away!” he answered sarcas-
tically. “ 1 11 take a chance.’’

   He turned to several of the watching crew
 and issued several orders. They wheeled
 into the jungle and were gone.

   “ I’ll soon find out about your men,”
he went on. “ In the meantime well cross
to the other side of the island. There's no
ship on our side, so I’ll have a look at the
other side. Perhaps 111 find out where you
came from. As for me, I think youYe a
beach comber, and so’s you won’t get into
mischief I'll hang onto you for a while.

 Get up! ”

   Montozzi picked up Bob’s rifle and ex-
amined it.

      “ Martini-Henry. eh?” he said. “ You’re
   an Englishman, aren’t you? While I'm at
   it III see what else you have. Might have

   a knife in your pockets.”

      He searched Bob’s pockets, but found no
   identification of any kind. Then he calmly
   confiscated the entire contents. Bob said
   nothing. He was fearful that Montozzi
   would discover his jewels, but the captain
   overlooked them, not thinking to look in the
   lining of his trousers.

     “ Now, get up! ” rasped the captain.

   “ March!”

      As they neared the beach a Kanaka came
   bounding toward them and said something
   to the captain.

      Montozzi grinned. “ Little bluff didn't
   work!” he said to Bob. “ My man tells
   me there’s only a little single-master ratch-
   ing off and on the coast.”

     Bob bit his lip with a new dread. He
   was bringing danger to Paul and Ada. In
   some way he must contrive to warn them.

     A few minutes later they came out on
   the beach, and Bob saw the Hawk plying
   across the bay. She altered her course
   slightly, and a white object waved upon her
   deck. They had seen him. That meant
   that they had seen the others also.

     Without thought of his own safety he
   suddenly sprinted forward and ran into the
   water up to his knees; then, with all the
   power of his lungs, he shouted; “ Get
   away, Paul—get away—”

   That was as far as he went, for Mon-
   tozzi was right behind him and dragged
   him out of the water bodily.

   “ Damn you! ” he cried savagely as Bob
 struggled to keep his feet. “ I’ll show you
 and your interfering—”

   A shot sounded from the Hawk, and she
 swung about in her course. The captain
 looked up and immediately ordered his
 crew back into the brush, where he also
 pulled Bob.

   “Ill show you!” he fumed, an intense
 malignity7, a brutal, vengeful lust blazing
 in his cruel face and echoing in his voice.

 “ 111 show you how 111 deal with your
 crowd! ”

   He issued an order to a slim Kanaka,
 who left immediately.

   “ By the time we get back to my ship.”
OUT OF THE CORAL SEA.

•207

   he said, “ she’ll be ready to sail. I’m
   going to overhaul that boat of yours and
   sink her; then I’ll attend to you! March
   in front and head back to where we came
   from. If you make the slightest break to
   get away I’ll fill you full of lead!’’

     Bob looked him in the eyes with a level
   steadiness.

     “ That won’t do you a bit of good,” he
   answered calmly. “ You’ll never catch the
   Hawk, and her people know that you’ve
   kidnaped this young lady and that you’re
   bound for Macao to turn her over to Moy
   Song. They’ll make it hot for you if you
   don’t release the girl and myself.”

     “ How the devil did you know that?”
   queried the captain, astonished.

     “ Never mind how,” answered Bob, his
   voice cold. “ Better consider carefully
   what you do—or it may go hard with you.
   They know you’ve got me, and you’ll have
   to answer to the authorities for your ac-
   tions. Every port in the world will be

•	watched for you.”

     Montozzi’s eyes narrowed.

     “ Maybe,” he said slowly, “ and maybe
   not. I’m not the sort to be bluffed. If I
   sink your boat, no one will be any the
   wiser. Haven’t thought of that, have you?
   Go ahead now—walk!”

     During the walk across the narrow is-
   land Bob's mind ran in a strange confu-
   sion. His head hurt fearfully where the
   stone had struck. Despite his high-
   sounding phrases, he was apprehensive for
   Paul and Ada. If they only would leave
   at once, they might get away; if they hung
   around, hoping against hope to help him
   out of his difficulty, the trader would surely
   sink them. Bob saw only too well that
   Montozzi was a man who hesitated at noth-
   ing in the calendar of crime, especially if
   his own safety demanded drastic action.

     Arriving at the beach, they were taken
   on board the Water Queen. Zelma was
   sent to her cabin and locked in, while Bob
   was allowed to remain on deck.

    “Now I’ll show you what I’ll do!”
   grinned Montozzi evilly, as the ship gath-
   ered speed and stood out to sea. “ These
   are unfrequented waters—no one will know
   or see. I’ll teach you inquisitive English
   to come interfering! Just sit here and have

the pleasure of seeing your friend’s boat
splintered! ”

  The Water Queen gathered speed and
began to •weather the island. Bob sat in
a haze of disconnected thought. His head
hurt badly. Trussed up as he was, he
could do nothing. He wondered where
Zelma was, where it would all lead to, and
what Montozzi would do with him. Then
an electric flicker came to his eyes, and he
began his aimless, tuneless whistling. As
they rounded the island he saw the little
Haw'k ahead standing out to sea. Mon-
tozzi stood near him, watching her through
his glasses.

  “ A woman at the wheel!” he exclaimed.
“ So that’s your gang of men, eh?” He
laughed sarcastically.

  Bob’s breath came faster as he saw that
the Hawk was holding its own. Ada was
an expert sailor, and the Hawk was fast.
Perhaps—

  The sun was setting in a red haze, and
if the Hawk could hold out until night she
might slip away in the darkness. The
wind was good—two points aft the beam,
steady and strong.

  Montozzi, too, must have thought of the
approaching night, for he ordered the top-
gaffs’ls and the inner and outer jibs shaken
out. They had been running under main-
s’ls, forestays’l, fores’l and jib. Now the
Water Queen forged ahead and carried a
“ bone in her teeth ” as she raced along.

  The Hawk was too far away for Bob to
be able to see much, but he did note that
the distance between the two ships did not
decrease.

  “More canvas!” yelled the irate Mon-
tozzi to the Portuguese mate. “ They’ll
get away in the dark.” He glowrered at the
Hawk fiercely and swore. “ Damn them!
If I had a gun on board I’d sink them
quick. It’s too far for rifle fire.”

  “Eleven knots by the log, sir!” called
the mate.

  “ Haul out the spinnaker boom!” yelled
Montozzi. “ Haul her off a point or two
and take the full wind. We must catch
them. Move! Jump to it! Get busy!”
He turned to Bob. “ Who are those peo-
ple?” he demanded. “ You’d better talk,
or I’ll make it damned wforse for you!”
208

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

    Bob didn’t answer, but looked Montozzi
    over contemptuously. He noted that the
    Water Queen was racing along with all her
    canvas set, and yet she gained nothing on
    the little flying Hawk.

      The race thrilled him. Far ahead he
   saw the Hawk leisurely dancing away. It
   gradually became apparent that the Water
   Queen couldn’t overtake her.

       Montozzi swore with a vitriolic fury as
    darkness came, and a faint, unilluminating
    moon shone upon the waters. Finally they
    lost the Hawk altogether. Bob breathed a
    sigh of intense relief. Ada and Paul were
    safe—thanks to Ada’s stanch seamanship
    and the speed of the Hawk. The hopeless-
    ness of the chase became evident to even
    the dogged, persistent Montozzi.

     “Get up!” he ordered curtly. “Come
   along with me. I want to talk to you—
   and you’d better talk, or I’ll—”

      He didn’t finish the threat, but his voice
  carried a deadly menace. In Montozzi’s
  brain a doubt was forming. If the people
  on the little Hawk knew of Zelma’s abduc-
  tion, knew of his destination and the name
  of Moy Song, they could cause him trouble.
  Had he been able to catch them, things
  would have been different.

    He did not know, of course, that the peo-
  ple on the Hawk were fugitives and would
  not dare enlist the aid of any authorities.

 He gave the mate some orders in a low
 tone, then motioned Bob into his cabin.
 Here he lit a pipe and turned to Bob.

   “Who are you?” he demanded. “And
 what were you doing on that island?”

Bob concluded that silence was golden.

  He did not answer, but he smiled in a tan-
  talizing manner at the captain; then he
  stared at the wall in rapt attention. He
  rightly guessed that silence would confuse
  Montozzi.

    It did. Montozzi exhibited signs of ner-
vousness. For nearly an hour he tried to
obtain some information from Bob—from
what source he had obtained Moy Song’s
name—but Bob kept silent. It finally in-
furiated the hot-tempered Italian.

  “ By God,” he cried, “ you’ll talk, or 111
pull your tongue out by the roots 1 ”

 A new thought came to Bob. He turned
to Montozzi and said in a quiet voice:

      “ Take it easy and sit down. I've a
    proposition to make to you.”

      “ Yes—I suppose you have—”

       “ Keep quiet and listen to me,” inter-
    rupted Bob coolly. “ I have the power to
    cause you a great deal of trouble, and it
    depends upon you whether I do or not.
    Remember that. My friends know I’m
    here. They saw me. They know who you
    are, why you are here, and your destination
    with the girl.

       “ Even if you don’t go to Macao, you’ll
    never be able to put into any other port.
    They’ll all be watched for you. What good
    would it do you to kill me?”

       The captain eyed him sharply. “ Well?”
    he asked.

       “ Now,” went on Bob, “ let’s talk busi-
    ness. Unfasten my hands, and I’ll tell you
    something that ’11 make you happy and
    give you immunity.”

       Montozzi laid an automatic pistol on the
    table and cut Bob’s hands loose.

       “ Try anything,” he said, indicating the
    pistol, “and I’ll drill you—quick!”

    In answer to the threat Bob smiled
    pleasantly and nodded.

 “ Forget it,” he said easily. “ The
 Fourth of July is over—put the cannon
 away! I’m trying to talk business. Be
 sensible. Give me a smoke and I’ll ex-
 plain.”

    Curious, admiring the nonchalance of the
 younger man, though puzzled and worried
 by it, Montozzi obeyed. When Bob’s ciga-
 rette was going, he turned and began:

“ You want money, don’t you?”

    “ Naturally,” Montozzi sneered. “ We
 all do. What of it?”

    “This,” replied Bob. “You’re bringing
 Zelma to Moy Song for a price? Well,
 will you deliver her to me, give us both our
 freedom, unharmed, if I gave you—one
 hundred times as much? And in the bar-
 gain agreed that no harm would come to
 you from the authorities because of your
 acts?”

“That’s fine talk!” Montozzi sneered.

 “ I might be agreeable—but where is this
 money to come from?”

    “ Like this,” went on Bob, pulling the
 great jewels from his trouser’s linings and
 spreading them on the table.

                          3 A
OUT OF THE CORAL SEA.

209

  They blinked and glittered wickedly in
the light of the hanging lantern. Montozzi
gasped. He seized and examined one after
another.

  “ The diamonds are good!” he exclaimed.

“ But these ”—he shoved the great rubies
and sapphires across the table—■“ I don’t
know anything about—don't want them.
Where did you get this?”

  “ All in good time,” replied Bob. “ Now,
those diamonds you have in your hand
would alone make you wealthy. Suppose
I told you that I'd give you twenty or
thirty more like it—if you'll agree to my
terms?”

   Montozzi's eyes glittered with the avarice
of a Harpagon.

  “ You have them here?” he asked.

  “ No,” said Bob, smiling; “ this is all

I	have here, but I’ll give you the location
of the balance—after Zelma and myself are
put ashore.”

  The captain grinned.

  “ I have these now,” he said, “ and the
  twenty or thirty others may be just bluff!
  Now I have this and Zelma, too. You—”
  “Listen! The others are in a safe place.
  These are only as an evidence of good
  faith. Examine the stones. You see that
  they are rose-cut? That’s the way they
  were cat hundreds of years ago.”

    Montozzi looked and nodded.

     “ I’m going to tell you a story,” went on
   Bob. “ I and my friends found the hull of
   an old Spanish ship. There were dozens
   of vases on her, all studded with stones
   such as I have here. My friends have their
   half of the treasure safe. My share is bur-
   ied in a certain spot. If you’ll set Zelma
   and me ashore in some port, I'll give you
   the location, and you can go and get them.
   There's enough to make you very wealthy,
   even in these days of great fortunes. Ill
   get in touch with my friends, assure them
   that both I and the girl are safe—so there’ll
   be no trouble for you. Now, all I want is
   these red and blue stones; you can keep
   all the rest. There are over fifty more.
   What do you say?”

    A dewy perspiration began to stand out
  upon Montozzi’s brow. This was wealth—
  'real wealth! If this tale was true—and he
  held some evidence in his hands to support

      4	A

its veracity—he would be rich beyond his
fondest dreams! A canny idea began to
dawn in his crooked brain.

  He shook himself and eyed Bob.

  “ How could I explain to Moy Song?”
he asked. “ He’s a hard man and very
powerful.”

  “ You won’t ever need him again,” re-
plied Bob. “ You’ll be far richer—and,
consequently, more powerful. Or, you can
say the girl wouldn’t come. Tell him what-
ever you choose!”

  “ Yes—I suppose that would be easy
enough. Where is the balance of the stones
—on the island?”

  “ No,” lied Bob calmly. “ It’s on a
small island we found—about three hun-
dred miles away. I’ll give you the exact
latitude and longitude when you fulfill
your end of the bargain.”

  “All right!” exclaimed the captain sud-
denly. “ I’ll do it! I’ll take the chance!”
“Good!” said Bob. “Now, if you’ll
free Zelma, treat us decently on the trip,
and put us off at Manila or Hongkong,
you’ll have wealth that few people ever even
dream about!”

   “ And you’re willing to part with all this
—for a girl?” asked Montozzi curiously.
“ It’s a high price to pay. I like a good-
looking girl myself—but not at such a
price.” He laughed unpleasantly. “ I sup-
pose you’re in love with her, eh?”

  “ That’s my affair,” Bob answered qui-
etly, though his cheeks burned at the cap-
tain’s careless speech.

  The captain shrugged, a cynical smile
upon his lips.

   “ All right—it’s a bargain!” he repeated.
“ I’ll put you off at Hongkong; then I’ll go
on to Macao and have a little talk with
Moy Song. After that, I’ll go after the
balance of this.”

  He tapped the big diamonds.

  “ Will you please release Zelma now?”
requested Bob. “ Treat us as passengers
for the voyage. I’m paying you high, cap-
tain. Be something of a sport—and play
square! ”

   Montozzi put his diamonds into his pock-
   et, picked up his pistol, and lit his pipe.

  “ 1 will,” he answered. “ See that you
  do. I’ll give you a bunk forward. I’ll let
210

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

 the girl out now, too. I’m going to let
 you have the run of the ship. So behave—
 don’t do anything rash.”

   “ What could I do?” asked Bob, shrug-
 ging. “ I’m on you ship, and you’re twenty
 to my one. I have no arms—”

   “ And you’re not likely to get any,” inter-
 rupted the captain. “ Well, I’ll have the
 cook give you something to eat.”

   He walked out.

   A sigh of unmistakable relief escaped
 Bob. No price was too high that would
 give him and Zelma freedom. He swept the
 dazzling pigeon-blood rubies and the azure
 sapphires into his pocket and smiled. The
 captain didn’t want and didn’t understand
 the colored stones. They would give him
 plenty to gain a fresh start. That was all
 he wanted.

  Montozzi walked forward in deep
thought. After all, he reflected, with this
deal in effect, he wouldn’t have to watch
them during the voyage. They would be-
have and not give him any trouble. Later—
He smiled darkly. He knew what he had
to do.

CHAPTER X.

treachery!

 FOR the two young people there followed
 blissful days during the voyage as the
 Water Queen skimmed over the wind-
 tossed tropic seas.

   Bob did not tell Zelma of his hard bar-
 gain with Montozzi, or the price he was
 paying for their liberty. He simply told
 her that he had arranged to buy their lib-
 erty for a few precious stones that he had
 for some time. Nor did he tell her how
 he had happened to come to the island or
 to that part of the world. She didn’t ask.

   She was not sophisticated enough to be
 very curious. Like Miranda on her isle,
 she had lived upon Norfolk Island, far re-
 moved from the everyday world. All she
 knew was that this young man had saved
 her from a horror which she herself did not
 fully grasp; and her heart went out to him.

She had read much, true, but she had
lived, as far as all love went, as untouched
as any mountain flower. The breath of

passing love fancies, which dulls the mir-
ror of so many women’s souls, had never
passed over her.

   Led both by nature and inclination to
seek the treasures of scholarship, she had
lost herself in the immeasurable majesties
of thought. She found an all-absorbing
happiness in the myths of heroic ages; in
the delicate intricacies of language; in the
meditations of great minds. The evil in-
separable from all knowledge passed her
unfelt, for a young girl can lose herself in
abstract, impersonal pursuits far more suc-
cessfully than a youth.

  Several men had wooed her, some with
passion, for her beauty was great. But a
thousand rejected wooers teach a woman
nothing.

   When Bob came into her life her first
love entered her heart. A whirlwind of feel-
ing transformed the pale narcissus into a
passiflora with a heart of fire. She gave
him, unstintingly, all the warm treasures of
love in her heart, as she would have given
him the kingdoms of earth, had she had
them.

   As for Bob, who had long lost the ideals
and illusions of boyhood, he found again
the happiness of cherished ideals; her sub-
tle and potent allure made his standards
inadequate. She was his ideal come true—
and more.

   She brought again to him the old chival-
ries, the pretty sentimental fantasies that he
once associated wTith femininity—the spring-
tide of the year: the breath of early flowers:
the verses of the old, dead poets; the sweet
scent of summer rains. She brought an
aura of peace and purity, patience and pity,
sacrifice and sorrow, high standards and
sanctity.

  He had always pictured a pal and a
sweetheart; he was an Epicurean who de-
sired to carry into the one passion in his life
the fires of the senses and the coldness of
philosophy.

   They spent the days together with a vivid
pleasure, finding heaven in each other’s eyes.
Love came to them as dreamily, as ex-
quisitely as a stirring melody heard over
evening waters.

  And with the coming of love Zelma’s*
beauty became clamorous, a thing to marvel
OUT OF THE CORAL SEA.

211

over. Montozzi, who kept much to him-
self, stared at her occasionally with eyes
that smoldered like live coals. Then he
would shake his head and anile cryptically.

  It was the tail-end of a hurricane that
forced a climax. The Water Queen struck
only the side of the typhoon. .As the ship
began to pitch and roll, the girl had looked
at Bob with some apprehension; later, in
the full fury of the storm, when the artil-
lery of the heavens rumbled and flashed
glaringly, she crept into his arms and he
held her close. Then for the first time he
kissed her.

  The storm was as brief as it was furious.
The sun came out again, the wet decks
steamed. Then he told her all his history
and of his arrest and imprisonment. She
cooed over him with all a mother’s tender-
ness and a sweetheart’s consolation.

  They would be married in Hongkong,
they decided, then they’d go back to the
States, where Bob would clear his name.
He never expected to see Paul and Ada
again; he didn’t see how it was possible.
He never expected to see the island again,
as he intended playing fair and giving Mon-
tozzi the correct location of his half of the
treasure.

  They planned their future with the en-
thusiasm and wonder and high hopes that
are the heritage of youth, and grew silent at
times with the marvel of life.

  And the gods of the open sky must have
sat back and laughed, for well they knew
the stormy seas that lay ahead!

  Montozzi watched them occasionally and
grunted. He had been friendly during the
voyage; toward Zelma, even somewhat con-
trite. Bob did not altogether trust the
swarthy Italian, but there was little he
could do. He counted upon Montozzi’s
avarice to insure them safety. But he did
not know the crafty brain behind the in-
scrutable eyes.

  He was awakened one night by some one
pawing over him. He sat up, to find his
hands tied. Montozzi and several Kanakas
stood over him, the captain grinning like
an evil tomcat.

  “ What’s this?” cried Bob. “ What’s the
idea—”

  “I’ll tell you, Mr. Smart Englishman!”

interjected Montozzi. “ I’m taking Zelma
ashore, where she’ll be safe. Then you and
I will both go and get the balance of those
stones! I don’t trust you! If you’ve lied
to me—Heaven help you, that’s all! If
not, I’ll bring you back and you can go to
your Zelma then. That’s all—only you’ll
stay here under guard until I get ready to
sail.

  “ If you try to get away the guard will
shoot— Oh, no—not to kill—just to
wound! You’re valuable to me until I get
the balance of the stones, but ”—he leered
meaningly—“ if you’re a wise young man,
you won’t risk too many wounds—under-
stand? It wouldn’t be nice to have your
arms and legs shot-pierced, would it?”

  Bob made a terrific effort to break the
cords that held him, but a useless one. He
finally lay exhausted while Montozzi
laughed.

  “ Stop it and be sensible,” he suggested.
“ You’ll simply have to play this game my
way, so make up your mind to it. WTe’ll
be on our way again in a week or so.”

  He gave the Kanaka, who was to guard
Bob, some instructions in a strange tongue,
and handed him an old-fashioned, large-
calibered pistol. The Kanaka nodded un-
derstandingly. Then Montozzi left.

  Bob managed to get his face near the
port. He made out a palm-fringed shore in
the bright moonlight. He heard some one
say: “ Macao ”; then the Kanaka motioned
him away from the window.

CHAPTER XI.

MOY SONG’S PRISONER.

ZELMA was awakened by Montozzi’s
knock upon her cabin door.

“ Get up,” he called, “ and dress!
We’re in port, and I’m taking you and Bob
ashore while it’s dark—for good reasons!
Bob thinks it best.”

  She dressed swiftly, her heart aflame with
excitement. No shadow of suspicion
dawned upon her until she opened the door,
and Montozzi and two Kanakas stepped in-
side, one guarding the door. The other
seized her hands and tied them behind her,
while Montozzi held her.
212

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

   “ Sit down,” he said when she was tied.
 Bewildered, her eyes shining like rain-
 washed stars, the girl obeyed.

   “ I’m taking you ashore,” Montozzi con-
 tinued evenly, his face contorted with a
 huge amazement ; “ and you’re going to
 Moy Song—”

   The girl cried out as if struck a physi-
 cal blow.

   “ Noise won’t help you,” observed Mon-
 tozzi. “ Better not attempt it, or I’ll muz-
 zle you! Besides, it’s three in the morning
 and we’re a mile from shore! Now, my
 friend, I’m going to collect for you from
 Moy Song as I originally intended—and
 you’ll find he’s not quite as easy as I was! ”
 “You—infamous beast!” said Zalma
 quietly, with unutterable scorn in her voice
 and eyes. “ You—you traitor! I’ll tell
 Moy Song everything—even a Chinaman
 can’t be as contemptible—”

   “That will be about all,” interjected
 Montozzi in a dangerous voice. “ Be care-
 ful what you say! As for telling Moy Song,
 you’ll not say a word, except that you had
 a very pleasant trip; and you’ll mention
 nothing at all that happened—not even a
 word about Bob—or I’ll slit your lover’s
 throat the minute you do! Understand?

   “ Your father died as I told you, but
 you'll ask for him when you see Moy Song
 —you know nothing, understand? You’re
 no fool—you know what I expect of you.
 If you love Bob, do as I instruct and I’ll
 tum him loose at the end of our cruise.
 Now, get up! I’m going to remove the
 cords, and we'll get started.’’

   Her brain reeling, weighed down by a
 new terror, the girl obeyed. Bob’s life was
 dearer to her than her own. She would
 have gladly laid down her life that he might
 live.

   They rowed far to the left of the bay,
 where the circle of lights around the Bund
 ended. By devious dark streets, she was
 finally ushered into a darker house, whence
 at length she was led into a room brilliant
 with electric light.

   It was a richly furnished room, with
 oriental hangings and rugs, vases and curios,
 teakwood furniture inlaid with mother-of-
 pearl and odd pictures. When her eyes
 grew to its brilliance, she saw a crafty-look-

 ing Chinaman of indefinite age regarding
 her. The scrutiny contained so much of
 suppressed, veiled cruelty and sensualism
 that the girl dropped her eyes.

   Her clean, unerring instinct instantly told
her that this bland Chinaman was far more
to be dreaded than the openly rough and
piratical Montozzi. She shuddered.

  Montozzi came forward and smiled.

  “ This is Captain Forsythe’s daughter,
Zelma,” he said to Moy Song, by way of
introduction. “ We just arrived.”

  “ So?” replied Moy Song, coming closer
and eying her in a manner that somehow
seemed to be an invasion upon her privacy.
The girl’s blood chilled.

  “ My—father?” she murmured, mindful
of Bob, for Montozzi’s eyes were upon her
meaningly. Every drop of blood had faded
from her lips and cheeks.

  “ Ah, yes,” purred Moy Song. “ He has
gone to Fusan for a cargo of furs. He will
be back in a few weeks and you shall see
him. In the meanwhile, it is his wish that
you wait for him here—as my guest. Have
you had a nice trip?”

  She nodded.

  “So? Very good! Now, you must be
tired. Best go to your room and rest.” He
clapped his hands, and a Chinese servant
came to the door. Moy Song gave him an
order and accompanied Zelma as she walked
from the room. The slender, supple form
of the girl dropped like a bruised lily be-
tween the shambling masculine figures on
each side of her.

  The Chinese servant opened the door of
a room, and Zelma entered. The others re-
mained outside. It was a finely furnished
chamber in exquisite taste, but the girl
shuddered and stood looking around in un-
certainty.

  Moy Song smiled slightly.

  “ If you wish anything,” he said, “ clap
your hands for the servant. We shall talk
in the morning. You must be tired. Good
night.”

  He closed the door. The girl flew to it
like a freshly caged leopard. It was locked
tight. Examining the windows, she found
great iron shutters over them. Ventilation
came through an iron grate in the high
ceiling.
OUT OF THE CORAL SEA.

213

  Helpless! The word came to her as she
looked about. She gasped audibly. After
all, she was but a child, and this was her
first experience and contact with the outside
world. The bands of pain at her heart
pressed a great sob to her throat and she
wept bitterly.

  Thereafter she sat day after day doing
nothing, or pacing the room with the fever-
ish impetuosity of some wild forest thing
deprived of liberty. For the first time in
her life her hours were empty: came with-
out welcome, departed without use. Here-
tofore, the full, rich, studious days had al-
ways seemed so short; now the hours
dragged with bitter pangs and revolting
fears.

  As for Moy Song, he motioned Montozzi
back into the gorgeous study and poured a
glass of wine for both of them. They se-
lected cigars, drank, and sat down.

  Moy Song opened a drawer of his huge
teakwood desk and counted out some bank
notes. Montozzi’s eyes sparkled with greed.

  “ There! ” said Moy Song. “ Is that
right?”

  Montozzi nodded, counted the notes and
shoved them into his pocket. All things
seemed to be coming his way. He was at
peace with all the world and highly in love
with his own cunning.

   “ Had a fine trip,” he was saying. “ Only
stopped once—to get some fresh water.
Had a leak in our casks. Young lady en-
joyed it very much. Wonderful looking
girl, Song, isn’t she?”

  The Chinaman’s inscrutable eyes rested
upon him for a brief moment.

  “ Very,” he answered quietly. “ Much
more so than her photograph led me to ex-
pect.”

   Montozzi laughed, a curious light in his
eyes. He had his own little plans of which
Moy Song was not aware. He’d show the
Chinaman a thing or two about real craft
when the time came!

  They drank more wine; then Montozzi
became a bit noisy. Moy Song filled still
another glass of wine. As he held it, his
great, green-jade ring opened and a tiny
amount of powder fell into the glass. This
he pressed upon Montozzi, and took a glass
himself.

  Both drank. Both were gay. Montozzi,
however, suddenly sagged in his seat and
slipped to the floor.

  With no undue hurry, Moy Song searched
the unconscious man methodically, confis-
cated the money he had just paid out,
dropped all the contents into his desk
drawer, and then turned the captain over
with an elegantly shod foot.

  “ Quite dead,” he murmured calmly.
“ The pollen of the death flower has lost
none of its potency. What a gross pig he
was! I wonder what happened on the
trip. The girl was frightened to death.
I’ll question the mate later—when he least
expects it. Something is wrong. This pig
knew too much, anyway.”

  He clapped his hands sharply.

  Two furtive Chinamen stepped, seeming-
ly, out of the wall.

  Moy Song pointed to Montozzi, issued a
low order, and raised his eyebrows with a
faint smile. The two grinned understand-
ingly, lifted the great body, took it through
the panel in the wall, and disappeared.
That was the last the world ever saw of
Captain Montozzi.

   Moy Song lit a fresh cigarette and walked
toward Zelma’s door. Here he listened in-
tently for a moment, then made a sign to
the Chinaman who sat there, apparently
watching. The servant nodded.

  Moy Song let himself through several
doors and a long hall into another part of
the house. Here he knocked upon still an-
other door and entered.

  The White Lily, clad in silken coat and
trousers, sat by the open window smoking.
She glanced at him briefly; then stared out
at the sky.

  “ Not sleeping?” he queried.

  “ No,” she answered shortly. “ I can't
sleep.”

  He eyed her comprehensively; noted the
dark circles under her eyes, her fading
beauty. Moy’s eyebrows lifted in derisive
contempt. He pulled a roll of bills from
his pocket and threw them in her lap.

  “ In a few days,” he said softly, “ you
will go. There is the money. Later, I shall
get a divorce. I could be less kind—but
I choose to do this.”

   “ Where shall I go?” she asked in a dead,
214

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

apathetic voice. “ There is no place for me
now. My own kind turn away from me—
your kind hate me. There is only one thing
left open to me—do you want to drive me
to that? I’m your wife, Moy, please re-
member, and I have been good and true and
faithful—” Her voice broke pitiously.

  Again Moy raised his eyebrows and
shrugged his shoulders.

  “ Wherever you wish,” he answered. “ I
am not interested. Back to England would
be best, I believe—that would be my—ah—
suggestion.”

  He inclined his head in slight courtesy
and went out, closing the door behind him.

  In his own studj^ again he took from a
dark closet a wicker basket, the contents of
which hissed and writhed. Moy Song
smiled. Through a glass partition he saw
the two cobras within. Their ugly, triangu-
lar, flat heads struck repeatedly at the glass
in impotent fury.

  “ If she does not leave soon,” he mur-
mured to himself, “ these little pets may
find their way to her room. I cannot be
responsible if she chooses to keep such
strange pets! It will be her own fault.
Everybody knows her fondness for snakes.”
He smiled as he put the basket away
again into the closet. Then his mood
changed. His eyes lit up with a luster akin
to the eyes of the cobras’.

  “ That girl,” he mused, “ knows already
that she cannot leave here. Something hap-
pened on the voyage. I’ll find out in a
short while—not too soon. I'll give them
plenty of time.”

   As the days passed he laid his plans care-
fully, methodically, with a cold logical in-
genuity that took count of all contingencies.

  He spoke to Zelma every day, but she
told him nothing and affected surprise at
mention of any unpleasantness during the
voyage. She knew nothing, of course, of
Montozzi’s end, and was fearful of saying
anything that would cause the captain to
react upon Bob.

  Moy was puzzled, but he smiled always.
Patience, he thought. It would all unravel.

  Once or twice Zelma had asked to leave
the house, but the suave Chinese watcher
shook his head. Moy told her the city was
a rough one, and he could not allow her to

venture out. When her father came back he
would take her out: in the meanwhile, he,
Moy, was responsible for her. Did she un-
derstand? Yes?

  She did. She understood that she was a
prisoner and lived in a perpetual state of
fear and apprehension. What little sleep
came to her was haunted always by fears of
unutterable violences. She grew pale and
worn and desperate. At times she would
have ended her life had there been any
means at all present. But there were none.
Moy Song was too clever for that!

CHAPTER XII.

A YOUNG MAN WITH A HOBBY.

THE Kanaka who guarded Bob had a
sense of duty not usually possessed by
natives. He watched Bob as closely
and minutely as if his life depended on it.
Bob frequently thought that perhaps it did,
knowing Montozzi’s code of ethics.

  For two days and two nights he was a
prey to the most torturing thoughts a man
can have—the girl he loved better than
life was helpless, in the power of unscrupu-
lous hands that would hesitate at no dese-
cration or violence. And he could do noth-
ing to help her.

   He grew insensible to all his surroundings,
to everything except her peril. Countless
terrors swept across his mind, half sharp-
ened, half dulled by the deadly pain that
grew out of his helplessness. At times his
anguish drove him to the outskirts of in-
sanity. He ate little or nothing of the food
offered him.

  On the third day he became somewhat
calmer. He resolved to eat, to keep his
strength and sanity, and to watch for an
opportunity. He reflected, savagely, that it
would never be too late for one thing—ven-
geance! That he would have, if Zelma was
harmed by as much as a verbal insult! He
became quiet and apparently resigned. It
brought a grin from the Kanaka to see
his sudden quiescence.

  By the fourth day the Kanaka had re-
laxed his vigilance considerably, and Bob
began to look about. Whenever the Kana-
ka left the room Bob searched it feverishly
OUT OF THE

for some means to cut the stout hemp that
bound his wrists and ankles. But there was
nothing. At length, laying in his bunk, his
hands restless behind him, he discovered
down deep, below the blankets and mat-
tress. the protruding head of a nail.

  When the Kanaka left to get his lunch,
locking the door after him, Bob worked
feverishly, but to no avail. The cord was
stiff and strong; but he did succeed in cut-
ting his wrist. That wouldn’t do. It might
be noticed.

  After feeding him the Kanaka stood out-
side the door, talking to one of his kind.
Bob went to work again. The chances were
slim, but it was a chance. All through the
afternoon he tugged and pulled and feigned
sleep when the Kanaka looked in on him
now and then. By evening he had severed
several strands. His heart was racing with
fresh hope again.

   After his slight dinner he lay down in his
bunk again, drawing a grunt of approval
from the Kanaka by his apparent resigna-
tion to an inevitable situation. It was near-
ly eleven o’clock when the last strand fell
apart, for he had to work cautiously.

   Feeling his hands free, he untied his feet,
and stretched to take the stiffness out of his
joints. Then he waited for the Kanaka to
return.

    The Kanaka slept in the same cabin.
  About eleven o’clock he became sleepy and
  decided to turn in. He never knew what
  struck him. It was a good, dean, straight-
  from-the-shoulder knockout. He went limp
  without a sound.

     Bob tied him securely, took his pistol and
   a knife, and stepped out of the cabin.

    Stealing forward he saw the Portuguese
  mate coming toward him. It would have
  been a simple thing to shoot the man, but
  noise meant discovery. He was standing in
  the shadow of Montozzi’s cabin. He tried
  the door. It was open. He slipped into the
  dark cabin and waited, pulses hammering.

    The mate, however, was also bound for
    the captain’s cabin. He swung in the door,
    Bob staying behind it, and lit the hanging
    lamp. Then, in a nervous, wary manner,
    he began searching drawers and the cap-
    tain’s clothes closet; he even searched the
    pockets of the dothes.

CORAL SEA.	215

All at once he glanced around fearfully.
The door was open. He went to close it.
The next instant a hard list caught him
flush on the jaw and he collapsed as one
dead.

W:ith the tablecloth Bob bound him,
bending him in a semicircle as he tried to
make both ends meet behind. A sardonic
grin appeared upon Bob’s face; his lips
puckered with his desire for aimless whis-
tling, but he checked it.

One night during the voyage he had ac-
cidentally witnessed Montozzi in the act of
concealing the diamonds he had given him.
Bob had no doubt that this was what the
mate was searching for, and since he didn’t
know where they were, it looked as if he
had intended stealing them from Montozzi.

Bob blew out the lantern, and taking off
the bottom that held the oil reservoir,
dumped the oil and the diamonds into his
hand. Pocketing his property once more,
he guardedly opened the door and peered
out. Not a soul was in sight. The night
was fairly bright, and the shore looked
about a mile away.

Taking off his shoes Bob tied them to his
waist, and with the quietness of an otter,
slid into the water. Pie swam with swift
ease. Grimly he reflected that this was his
third escape by water. It was becoming an
unpleasant habit.

  Nearly an hour later he landed far to the
left of the city and let his clothes dry while
he dozed in the jungle growth and planned
his course in the morning.

  When the city awoke he strolled through
the poorer quarters near the bay. He looked
like a beachcomber, a white tramp. Not
much attention was paid him. There were
scores like him on the water front of Macao.

At length he saw what he wras looking
for—the shop of a Chinese gem merchant.

  With the piratical-looking owner, Bob
finally struck a bargain for two of the sap-
phires. He had to practically give them
away, but he couldn’t help it. The China-
man, on the other hand, positively believed
that the white beachcomber had stolen
them; but they were marvelous gems and
would mean a fortune to him when resold.
He therefore asked no questions and finally
gave Bob a sizable roll of bills.
216

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

   After this Bob worked swiftly and with
 characteristic snap and speed. He bought
 new clothes, shed the old ones, and took a
 ricksha to the railroad station. Here he lin-
 gered a few minutes, mixed with the people,
 and later saw a train pull in from Canton.
 Again he engaged a ricksha and told the na-
 tive to bring him to the best hotel. Then
 he lay back, his new bag between his feet.

   It was Bob’s belief that no one would
 think of looking for him at the best hotel.
 He looked like a prosperous tourist. At the
 hotel he registered as “ John Arthur Ham-
 by, San Francisco, California, U. S. A.”
 Then he asked the clerk if there were any
 drafts awaiting him.

   The clerk sorrowfully, and with respect,
 informed him that there were no drafts or
 letters. With an exclamation of impatience
 and a petulant frown Bob walked out into
 the street.

   Here he eyed the queer mixture of Ori-
 ental and European life: trolley cars that
 ran side by side with rickshas; the streets
 that looked like any small city, the stone
 buildings quite up to date. Through all
 the evidences of modern civilization pooped
 the Oriental throngs. The rice-and-honey
 stands on the Bund, the tropical foliage, the
 strange smells and mixture of tongues con-
 trasted greatly with the orderly sidewalks.

   Finally he saw what he was looking for—
 a big English bank. Here he asked for
 the president and was soon talking to that
 curious individual, a stolid Englishman,
 courteous, dignified.

   “ It’s this way,” explained Bob briskly,
 with the quiet importance of a man of af-
 fairs. “ I’m John Arthur Hamby, of San
 Francisco. I’m traveling for pleasure and
 looking for a certain business opportunity
 to open up on Palawan Island. I was to
 find some large drafts here at your bank
 or at the hotel, but they haven’t arrived as
 yet. As speed is necessary to the success
 of the venture, I need money now. Will
 you loan on good security?”

   The banker thawed out at once. He saw
 fat fees, a remunerative client, all in one bat
 of the eye. Would he? Certainly! What
 was the security?

“ I am a lover and collector of precious
gems, sir,” answered Bob indirectly. “ I

always have some of my—ah—pets with
me. A hobby, sir.”

  The banker nodded sympathetically.
Evidently a very rich young man, he
thought, with expensive hobbies.

   Bob took four of the great diamonds from
his pocket. Inwardly his blood was seeth-
ing; outwardly he was a wealthy young
man, cool, collected.

  “ Will—will you loan ten thousand
pounds on these until my drafts arrive?
They’re worth much more.”

  The banker’s eyes stood out as he fin-
gered the wonderful gems. He gasped.

  “ Would you allow me—I know nothing
of these things, sir—allow me to have them
inspected and valued—”

  “Certainly — certainly!” agreed Bob
heartily7. “ Send some one you trust to
your local authority or jeweler with them.
I’ll wait—I have some other business in
mind that I’d like to discuss with you.”

   “ My son, sir,” agreed the now very7 much
impressed banker. “ I’ll send my son.”
While the son was gone Bob stated that
he wanted to buy a large yacht. The bank-
er beamed. He had just what Bob wanted,
his own yacht, right down in the harbor;
all fitted with mahogany, a powerful auxil-
iary engine, great cruising radius and fast
under sail. She was in tiptop order—he al-
ways kept her so—but he couldn’t afford
to run her—she was too expensive—not so
very, you understand, but for him— She
had cost five thousand pounds; he would be
willing to sell her for four thousand pounds.

  Bob agreed to look, and to buy, if the
boat suited him. The banker became effu-
sive now. Truly, the gods were kind to him
this morning!

  When the son returned he talked in pri-
vate with his father for a few minutes. The
result was that a very respectful banker ad-
vanced Bob ten thousand pounds on the
stones. After which Bob looked at the boat,
found it ideal, bought it, and had the papers
made out to his new name. Then he had
lunch with the banker at a fashionable Eng-
lish club.

  Suddenly he had become a man of affairs
with plenty of money and a splendid yacht
of his own. Truly, money is a great power!
He smiled bitterly at his thoughts.
OUT OF THE CORAL SEA.

217

  In a booking office on the Bund he asked
the superintendent to get him a crew to-
gether at once. While he was talking he
noted a huge young man, with a pinched,
humorous face, who was regarding him from
a chair near the window. Something about
the man attracted Bob. He turned to him.

  “ Looking for a berth?” he asked.

  The young giant saluted.

  “ I am, sir,” he replied. “ Haven’t had
one for some time—I’m flat as a raindrop on
a stone pavement!”

  “ Stranded?”

  “ Completely, sir!”

  “ What’s your rating?”

  “ First mate—with the Blue Star Line,
sir.”

  “ American?”

  “ Every damned, inch! ”

  Bob laughed.

  li Do you think you’re qualified to com-
  mand a private vessel, and stay out a year
  or more at a time—if necessary?”

  The giant scented a brother adventurer.
  His eyes brightened.

  “ For a berth like that,” he said, “ I’d
  lie willing to increase my schedule and kill
  two Chinamen a day—Heaven knows this
  town can stand it!”

  Then, more soberly: “ The superintend-
  ent has my rating and qualifications, sir.”

    Bob turned to the superintendent, who
  stated that the man’s ability was up to the
  mark for the berth.

     “ All right!” decided Bob swiftly, turning
  to the big fellow. “ Here’s some money in
  advance. My ship is the Morning Star.
  She’s anchored in the bay now. Get a crew
  -—many as you think necessary—white men*
  Tank her up with gas, look her over and get
  her ready to go as soon as possible. When
  you’re ready, see me at the Grand Hotel.
  Now, let’s sign up.”

     The new captain and the new owner left
  the office together.

     “ You know the authorities in this port?”
  asked Bob.

     “ I do, sir,” answered the captain, whose
  name was Martin O’Toole.

  “ Well,” answered Bob, secretly pleased,
  “ here’s some more money to buy provisions
  —plenty of them — and to grease their
  palms. Get the necessary papers and give

Graham & Son, Ltd, my bankers here, as
references.”

“Yes, sir!”

“ And—O’Toole!”

“ Yes, sir!”

“ Don’t forget guns and fishing tackle
—and all that goes with them.”

O’Toole’s eyes sparkled.

“Yes, sir!”

“ In fact, she’s to be ready to go at a
minute’s notice and stay out indefinitely—
and have everything on board for any—
contingency.”

“Yes, sir!”

“ Now, get busy,” finished Bob.

“ You’ve a lot of work to do and so have I.”
O’Toole watched Bob roll away in a
ricksha, a pleased grin upon his homely face.
His fingers caressed the big roll of bills.

“ He trusted me! ” he thought. “ Me for
him! Some rip-snortin’, go-getter, son-of-a-
gun! Well, first to get acquainted with a
meal again—I’m as hollow as a drum!
Then to w'ork. I’m going to like him—
that’s the kind of an owner to have! And
if he should happen to want the moon to
play with, damme if I don’t go get it for
him!”

That afternoon Bob found out that Moy
Song was the owner of the largest gambling
house in Macao. He went around the
Bund, found the place and looked it over.
Bitterly he reflected that he could not call
in the local authorities to help him. Being
an escaped prisoner himself he did not know
at what moment he might be apprehended.

  The place looked ominous. Many na-
tives thronged in and out. He wondered
if Zelma was somewhere inside. There was
only one way to find out—search the place.
But how?

   As he strolled along, mixing with the
conglomerate frequenters of the district, he
suddenly felt a hand clutch him and he
whirled to face—Paul!

   An exclamation of incredulous amaze-
ment escaped Bob; the next instant Paul
had drawn him inside and whispered:

“ Not a word here! Come with me!”
Although hardly able to control his curi-
osity he went with Paul in silence. In si-
lence, too, he watched as Paul led him to
his own hotel, entered the lift and took him
218

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

   to a room. And here Ada flew into his
   arms with a cry of joy and kissed him full
   upon the lips.

     It required several minutes for them to
   get over the wonder of their meeting, sev-
   eral more for Bob to tell of his voyage and
   its conclusion; then he demanded their
   story. Paul gave it.

     “ After we left you,” he said in a low
   tone, “ we altered our course, and next day
   came to another small island. There we
   buried our half of the vases, taking only a
   few stones with us. Ada took the latitude
   and longitude—it’s about a hundred miles
   from where you left yours. Then we deter-
   mined to go to Macao to help you—if you
   ever reached the place!

     “ The Hawk was fast, so we made Hong-
   kong in good time, but we were worried
   about explanations, customs officials, et
   cetera. Also, they might be watching for
   the Hawk.

      “ So we ran her on a rock outside the har-
   bor and yelled for help—although we had
   the tender. Well, the Hawk went down
   with everything except our stones. Then
   we were towed in by a passing fisherman.

   “ W7e explained that we were an American
 couple circling the globe in our boat. They
 expect that from you Americans and
 thought nothing of it. Everybody was kind
 to us and sorry that we had lost our craft.
 As everything was lost aboard our boat we
 weren’t bothered by the customs or any one
 else.

   “ I sold two stones to a Chinese jeweler,
 obtained some money and clothes and came
 on here yesterday to see what we could
 do for you, if any—”

   “ I see,” interjected Bob, eying the ex-
 cited Paul. “ No thought of the danger
 you ran, eh?”

   Paul sniffed.

   “ Don’t be an ass,” he interrupted casu-
 ally, though he squeezed Bob’s hand. Ada’s
 eyes were wet. “ No one would think of
 looking for us here—in a first-class hotel—
 a couple of thousand miles away I Besides,
 in these clothes, with no beard, speaking
 English, why—”

   “ Well,” said Bob presently when they
 had exchanged further details, “ I think
 she’s in that house. We’ll have to play a

lone hand. Here’s the plan.” He swiftly
outlined the details.

   Because Paul had never been seen by
Montozzi or any one else connected with
the Water Queen, he spent half the night
gambling in Moy Song’s place. He lost
considerable money to the house. In the
meanwhile he made a rapid survey of the
plans of the house as far as he could see.
His losses, and the cheery way in which he ,
took them, caused the croupiers to christen
him the “ Mad Englishman.”

   At last he ran out of money, which only
caused him to laugh and to promise that
he was coming back on the morrow for his
revenge. Moy Song, in person, cordially
invited him to come, and promised him sat-
isfaction.

   At noon the next day Captain O’Toole re-
ported to Bob that everything was ready.

   “And by that I mean everything, sir,”
reiterated the sharp-eyed Irish-American.

“ We can sail at five minutes’ notice.”

   “ Good! ” said Bob. “Keep her that way.”
He was introduced to Paul and Ada and
told that they would be guests.

   They spent the afternoon upon the Morn-
ing Star, exploring and becoming familiar
with her. She was a finely built yacht,
stanch, seaworthy and everything else the
most fastidious seaman could want.

“If the gods are kind—” thought Bob,
looking her over. The sentence remained
unfinished. It lay in the lap of the gods.

It was an afternoon of torture to him,
though he was glad to be with his friends
again. At length the evening came and they
discussed their plans again. Ada was to
stay on board and wait.

After a hasty meal they sat on deck,
silent, apprehensive, worried. The air
seemed electric with portent; it finally dis-
turbed the highly susceptible Captain
O’Toole, but pleasantly. Then that clair-
voyant seaman could stand it no longer. He
walked aft, and saluting, stood befoi. Bob.

“ Well?” asked Bob nervously.

“ I’m thinkin’, sir,” O’Toole answered,

“ that by the looks o’ things something is in
the air. You want to sail at five minutes’
notice. Well, if it’s anything like a scrap
with those pigtails you’ve on your mind,
could I ask you to favor me and include
OUT OF THE CORAL SEA.

219

me? I owe them a few wallops myself!
I’m not trying to butt in. sir, but I'm trying
to tell you that you can count on me!”

  Bob eyed him for a space in silence.

  “ I wonder—how far?”

  “ To the hilt, sir! ”

  Something about the big fellow inspired
Bob with confidence. There was no mis-
taking his sincerity. It stuck out all over
him in gobs.

  “ Suppose,” continued Bob, “ I were to
tell you that I wanted you and Paul to go
to a notorious and influential Chinese gam-
bling house to-night, and that there might
be a dangerous row—would you see Mr.
Paul through?”

  “ Would I?” chuckled the giant. “ Would
I? Did you get my name correctly, sir?
Just allow me to hit out at any of ’em?

A free-for-all, is it? My God, man, don’t
leave me here! I haven’t had any real
amusement for months!”

  Paul laughed and Bob smiled.

  “All right!” decided Bob suddenly.

“ Go and get your coat. You’ll go with
  Paul. He’ll tell you just what to do—do
  just that, nothing more; nothing—I don’t
  suppose you’ll do less?”

     “ Not likely, sir!” answered O’Toole, de-
  parting for his coat.

     " Dieu!” whispered Paul. “ He’s a whirl-
  wind, and it will help us wonderfully to get
  our effect.”

    At about ten o’clock that night Paul
  and O’Toole strolled into Moy Song’s gam-
  gling house and dance hall. Fair Kanaka
  girls with beflowered hair and white dresses
  hung upon the arms of some of the men,
  or flitted about the crowd like ghosts in the
  Rembrantesque shadows. Huge, coconut-
  oil lamps illumined the scene none too well,
  but picturesquely. There were also some
  Malay girls. Chinese in baggy clothes;
  some sailors from an Italian cruiser and
  some from a Brazilian man-of-war; Portu-
  guese, German traders, natives of different
  hues—the usual habitues of the water front
  saloon and dance hall.

    Paul was hailed by the roulette dealer,
  and Moy Song himself made him welcome
  to the establishment. For two hours Paul
  played every game, seconded by O’Toole.

    At midnight, when the activities of the

place were all at their height, when the
dancing became a bit wilder and clumsier,
and the barkeeper worked faster, Paul and
OToole began to plunge upon the roulette
wheel.

  At first both lost steadily, but they
laughed and played on with a reckless dis-
regard for money that endeared them to
Moy Song’s heart. Then Paul began to
win. He won so constantly and the sums
were so large that Moy Song became appre-
hensive and took the wheel himself.

  Big sums were changing hands, therefore
the whole roomful of people began to crowd
around to see the fun. And it became
faster and faster, Moy Song steadily losing.

  Paul placed his wagers recklessly, and
O’Toole even more so, yet both men won
constantly. The fickle goddess of fortune
was crowning their efforts well. Moy
Song’s smile began to go.

CHAPTER XIII.

A SURPRISE FOR MOY SONG.

MOY SONG’S wife, the White Lily,
had gone from one extreme of emo-
tion to another; from lethargic re-
sentment to hot, bitter hatred.

  She knew Moy Song. She had been
ordered out. It had been suggested that she
go back to England. If she didn’t comply
with the suggestion—something would hap-
pen to her. She shuddered. She knew
what it would be—death, in one form or
another, such death as could never be con-
nected with the urbane Moy Song.

A passionate revolt shook her, a vitrolic
hatred entered her heart. To be turned out
now for a new favorite after all her sacri-
fices, the obloquy she had been subjected
to! Yet, she knew that Moy’s decisions
were as inexorable as death. She would
have to go or—be carried out!

    Seething with rage, she began to dress
  in European clothes. When her toilet was
  complete she made her way to Moy’s rooms.
  Ordinarily she wouldn’t have dared to do
  this, but she was now beside herself.

    A silent Chinese servant barred her way,
  but she thrust him aside. He raised his
  eyebrows and submitted. After all, she was
220

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

     Moy’s wife. It was his business if he had
   chosen to marry a spitting cat of a white
   woman.

     Before a door of Moy’s suite, she found
   another Chinese servant sitting. From the
   interior she heard a woman’s sob, and in a
   flash guessed that Moy’s new favorite was a
   prisoner within. She thought of inform-
   ing the authorities, but quickly put it
   aside; Moy was all-powerful.

    The Chinese servant was immutable
  under threat or entreaty; he would not al-
  low her to look into the room. When she
  attempted force, he roughly pushed her
  aside.

     Stung with a new sense of her unimpor-
   tance in this queer, Oriental household, she
   went to Moy’s own room. There she seat-
   ed herself before his great, teakwood desk,
   lit a cigarette and gave vent to her whirl-
   ing thoughts. Knowing Moy Song, she also
   knew that her presence would soon be ter-
   minated if she didn’t leave of her own
   will.

     She looked around at the luxurious room,
   furnished with a sybarite’s taste. From a
   closet, the door of which was slightly open,
   she detected a slight hissing that stopped
   the flying shuttle of her thoughts.

   Investigation disclosed two hooded cobras
 in a wicker basket. A caustic smile came
 to her lips that was primal and savage.

   She took the basket to the light. The
ugly reptiles were striking against the glass.
She began a tuneless whisper with her lips,
a side-to-side swaying with her head; a
glassy stare crept into her eyes; the pupils
dilated. The cobras ceased to strike and
began to sway in mesmeric fascination.

   Still whispering and swaying, she at
length opened the basket and took the now
harmless cobras out. She opened the large
drawer of Moy’s teakwood desk and laid
them there. Coiling, their ugly flat heads
laid upon their folds, the beady eyes
watched her unblinkjngly as she slowly
closed the drawer.

   A startling change came over her. She
swayed as if about to faint. Then, with
more control, she put the basket back in the
doset and tapped the desk drawer. A vig-
orous thrashing about and a hiss answered
her.

   She made her way from the room quietly,
 walked out of the house unmolested by any
 one, and then stood in the street a moment.
 The gambling hall was in its usual uproar.
 A big game must be going on. She smiled
 and walked away.

   At the railroad station she lowered a
 heavy veil over her face, bought a ticket
 to Hongkong, and in a stupor of acute suf-
 fering and heart-break, waited for her train.

           CHAPTER XIV.

              OVER THE ROOFS.

 BOB spent two hours reconnoitering
 around the house of Moy Song. It
 was a large structure, the entire ground
 floor of which contained the gambling and
 dance hall, also the bar and the little tables
 all around. Above, many windows attested
 the number of rooms, and all were dark.
 Some of the rear windows had great iron
 shutters over them. On the front was the
 big sign, “ Gambling House,” as required
 by law.

    Bob strolled along the water front, only
  vaguely conscious of the exotic beauty of
  the tropical night. A febrile excitement
  blinded him to all exteriors. Warm odors
  came across the star-shot waters of the bay,
  mixed odors, but of tropical essence; fran-
  gipanni bloom, reek of coral trash; the
  scent from women walking past him, sil-
  houetted figures in the blue darkness.

    Toward midnight he finally decided that
  the only chance of gaining an entrance un-
  observed was from the roof. The houses
  on either side were the same height—dark,
  evil-looking structures whose basements
  emitted dank, noisome odors. He made
  his way to the rear of the buildings, and
  found a tree that came near one of them.
  Not a soul was in sight in this backwater
  of the alleys. He climbed the tree slowly
  and swung to the roof. Then he tiptoed to
  Moy Song’s house over the roofs.

There was a trapdoor on Moy Song’s
roof that led into the house, but it was
fastened securely fro-m the inside. He could
not budge it with all his strength applied.
Next he investigated a V-shaped affair that
seemed to be a ventilator. A faint glimmer
OUT OF THE CORAL SEA.

221

of light showed from it. With his heavy
knife he unfastened one end, and by sheer
strength, slowly and without noise, bent
the heavy, iron-braced zinc backward. It
disclosed an iron grille ventilator and a
lighted, elegantly furnished bedroom. And
looking up into his face with wide, startled
eyes was—Zelma!

   He saw the amazement, the agony of rec-
ognition, the longing love she unconsciously-
revealed. He motioned hastily to her not
to make any sound, though he thought the
wild beating of his own heart would wake
the city.

   The grille was about two feet square and
 screwed down from the roof. He set to
 work, and in ten minutes lifted it from its
 position. Then he unwound a coil of rope
 from his waist and, making a loop, lowered
 it to her. She placed it under her arms,
 and grasped it tightly above. Laboriously
 he raised her through the grating.

   Hardly had she gained the roof when
the door of the room opened and the Chi-
nese watcher peered in, attracted by some
slight noise they had made. A limpid
monosyllabic escaped him when he saw
that the room was empty. A glance at the
windows assured him that they were tight.
He ran into the room and saw the forced
ventilator grating.

   Bob acted quickly. There was no other
way, and he had to give the signal agreed
upon, anyway. His automatic cracked, and
the Chinaman crumpled, clutching his knee.
The next shot splintered the lantern that
illuminated the room. Then he took Zel-
ma's hand and guided her across the roofs.
He heard a pandemonium of noise come
from Moy Song’s establishment, breaking
glass, curses, shrieks and the hoarse yells
of struggling men mingling with the lyric
terror of the Kanaka girls.

   “ Over the roofs,” he said under his
breath, refastening the rope under Zelma's
arms.

   She made no answer, but closed her eyes
 as he helped her lower herself over the
 edge. Bob braced his shoulder against a
 chimney and lowered her slowly. When
 the rope ceased to drag he dropped it over
 the roof and sprang into the tree. He
 came down so fast his hands burned. Once

upon the ground he glanced about. Still
no one near. He unfastened the rope and,
holding her hand, they raced away.

CHAPTER XV.

THE COBRA STRIKES.

IN’ the gambling house Paul had played
recklessly—he wanted to lose. Instead
he won—won so consistently that Moy
Song, secretly worried but outwardly calm,
insisted on staying at the wheel in person.
The crowd had drawn close to see these
besiegers of fortune throw huge sums into
her lap. As all watched, absorbed, a sud-
den shot rang out, then another. Almost
in the same instant Captain O’Toole sprang
forward and shouted in his shrill and clear
voice:

  “ He’s cheating, Paul! I saw the Chi-
naman cheat! It’s a come-on game!”

  Moy turned green. The crowd hedged
him about, and he, in common with the
others, hardly knew which to pay attention
to first—the accusation or the shots from
above.

  In a twinkling, however, it was decided
by Paul, who threw the roulette wheel over
with a violent push. O’Toole picked up a
chair and went for Moy. In another in-
stant the uproar began. The lights went
out. O’Toole flung chair after chair into
the struggling group of men, occasionally
laying out one with his hamlike fist.

  “Boy!” he kept whispering over and
over again to himself, as his arms flew.
“ Isn’t this a peach of a scrap?” Then,
all at once, he heard his name called, and
he withdrew to a window, where he found
Paul. Together they went through and
raced away down the quiet streets.

  Moy Song was only startled for a mo-
ment. Battered about, he crawled in the
darkness to a panel in the wall which
opened to his touch upon a stairway. A
conviction that the shots above and the
instantaneous eruption below were related
began to glimmer in his crafty brain. Then
he thought of the White Lily—perhaps
those shots—a jealous woman. At any
rate, something was wrong. It looked as
if it might be an attempt to rescue the
222

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

girl he had set all the strength of his evil
heart and passions upon.

  In his own study he opened his desk
drawer to obtain a pistol he kept there.
Something bit his hand. A hot fire surged
through his veins. Startled out of every
vestige of his usual composure, he saw to
his horror that it was a hooded cobra. He
cried and shrieked and staggered about, but
could not make his voice heard above the
uproar that raged below.

  Finally he collapsed, the cobra still hang-
ing on. When the police investigated, a
bit later, they found him. He was dead,
and the cobra was coiled upon his chest,
watching the horrified spectators wickedly.

CHAPTER XVI.

SAFE IN PORT.

BOB and Zelma sped through the
streets until they came to the more
respectable sections. Then the girl,
breathless, halted. They were back on the
Bund now, looking over the waters of the
bay. It was late. There were only a few
stragglers in sight.

  Zelma was breathing hard and leaned
against his shoulder. A faint sweetness
came to him. It seemed to cling about her.
Like an insidious narcotic, it spread in his
veins. They were in thick shadows, and
no one was near enough to see. He took
her in his arms and kissed her. Her lips,
cool, unresponsive at first, warmed to his
kisses and clung to his lips with a child-
sweet tenderness that left him quite out of
his head.

  “ Will you marry me, Zelma?” he whis-
pered. “ Now—to-night?”

 “ If—if—you want me to,” she an-
swered, her low, musical voice making a
joyous song of the English words.

  They found the American consul that
night—woke him up out of a sound sleep,
in fact—and were married, the consul’s
servants acting as witnesses. The consul
was curious. He asked questions. Bob,
naturally, had given his own name; and
finally, because the consul had kindly eyes
and a deeply lined face that was a diploma
of the university of life, Bob told him his

entire story. And Zelma listened and held
on to his hand.

  The consul hemmed and hawed, and once
he blinked his eyes suspiciously.

  “ I have a bad memory,” he said at
length, when Bob concluded. “ I don’t re-
member a thing you told me. and I never
heard of you or what you have told me
before. So you and your wife rest a while,
and I’ll drive you over so you can board
your ship. I have an American flivver.”
He patted Bob’s shoulder, looked at Zelma,
and left them alone. He was not so old
but what the girl’s unusual beauty thrilled
him. An old bachelor by choice, he yet
sighed once or twice.

  While a servant went after his machine
he lit a cigar and looked over some news-
papers. He was suddenly lonely for his
own kind, his own country, and he wanted
to see pretty girls again—white girls—like
Zelma, for instance—not the brown Kana-
kas or Malays. The back copies of his
papers had some photographs of just what
he wanted to see. They were on a Califor-
nia beach, bathing.

  He left Bob and Zelma alone to look
wistfully back over the newspapers until he
heard the machine sputtering in the street.
Then he drove them to their point of em-
barkation. As he shook hands with Bob
he handed him a large envelope. ‘‘ A little
wedding present,” he explained. “ There’s
only one stipulation: don’t open it until
you're miles to sea.”

  A few minutes later Bob and Zelma
boarded the Morning Star, and found Paul,
Ada and O’Toole anxiously awaiting them.
There was a quiet, though none the less
joyous, reunion.

  Bob told of his adventure, while Paul
and O’Toole laughed over theirs. In the
meanwhile the Morning Star, under engine
power, was creeping out of the dark harbor,
the mate at the wheel.

  “ Lord,” breathed O’Toole ecstatically;
“ but it was a peach of a row! Never was
in a finer thing in my life, sir! I think
my Chinese score is about even now.
Where are we bound, sir?”

  A consultation resulted in the production
of two locations, given in latitude and
longitude.
OUT OF THE CORAL SEA.

223

  “ Make both those islands,” instructed
Bob. “ We’ll go ashore on each for a half
day. Then you can sail—well, I’ll give you
further instructions later.”

  “ Aye, sir.”

  Still later Bob, bethinking himself of the
consul’s wedding present, opened the big
envelope. It contained a newspaper clip-
ping. His own name caught his eye. He
read it.

  It stated that the jeweler, Bedsow, had
recovered, and had failed to identify Bob’s
picture as one of his assailants. The three
actual bandits had been caught and identi-
fied by him.

  The police investigation disclosed his sen-
sational escape, his arrest in France, and
his escape from Noumea. An official of the
French prison system gave it as his opin-
ion that both men had been the victims of
sharks.

  It was a good story; and the “ sob-
sisters ” cried over it, and everybody said
it was too bad; then a citizen began a move-
ment for an investigation of the laxness of
the police, and it died like most investiga-
tions.

THE

tx

  In silence Bob handed the clipping to
Zelma. Then Paul and Ada read it, after
which Bob called O’Toole.

  “ After we make those two stops,” he
said, “ we sail for San Francisco.”

   O’Toole’s eyes lighted suddenly with a
great joy. “ Aye, sir,” he answered and
wheeled about.

   “ Now,” said Bob, “ I’ll be able to help
you, Paul. With money to fight the battle,
we’ll soon clear you.”

   “ I hope so,” sighed Paul. “ I’ll go to
America with you and we’ll try. Heaven
knows I did nothing but try to keep a
lunatic from killing me—or my sister!”
Later still—for no one could sleep that
night—Bob and Zelma sat forward, watch-
ing the rosy dawn grow upon the opales-
cent tropic waters. And in her unfathom-
able eyes was such a look of tranquil in-
tensity, of unutterable joy, that comes only
to those who love without stint or reserva-
tion, and know themselves to be likewise
adored.

  Her head was on his shoulder, relaxed,
content. Both these playthings of a capri-
cious fate were safe in port at last.

END.

 tX

 TX

 SACRIFICE

 "W/HEN Grief comes close to you—

 ” So close that you can see the hue-
 Of his cruel eyes—

 When you can feel his hands
 White and strong as iron bands
 Stifling your cries—

 While Death bends close above
 The one you dearly love—

 How dark the hour!

 You pray with strangled breath:

 “ Pass on, pass on, oh, Death,

 Pluck not this flow’r.

 This one who is a part
 Of my own beating heart;

 This one who loves to live.

 Who loves to take and give
 All that makes Life so sweet.

 See, Death, here at thy feet
 I kneel a hostage—nay,

 I will go all the way—

 Let him live, and I’ll not dread
 Thy touch—take me instead.”

Lilian Nicholson.
By ROBERT ORR CHIPPERFIELD

WHAT HAS OCCURRED IN PART I.

JOSEPH BENKARD, broker, is found murdered by a blow on the head in the patio of the
house of his sister, Mrs. Cayley, at Sunny Beach. Geoff Peters, an eccentric stone mason,
keeps away from the body the servants, Mrs. Cayley, her daughter Millie, and Vera Sherwood,
a guest. No footprints are found. Geoff conceals a scrap of glossy fabric found near the body.
Mrs. Cayley summons Dr. Hood, medical examiner, Stoneham Lane, a business associate of
Benkard, who had dined the night before at the Cayley house, and William Dunn, Benkard’s
secretary. Rupert Ashe, a young man in love with Millie, also dined at the house shortly before
the murder. Geoff finds that Lane and Benkard quarreled the night before.

CHAPTER IV.

THE CONSTANT SHADOW.

YOU here still, Geoff?” Dr. Hood
emerged from the library to en-
counter the stone mason descend-
ing the stairs with a trowel, which he
promptly stuck in his pocket. “ Wrhat on
earth were you doing up there with that
thing?”

“ Soundin’ the railin’ I put up round
the gallery for flaws. You told me to stay,
doc, and Mis’ Cayley said I wasn’t to work
on the terrace and the district attorney’s
feller give orders that nobody was to leave
the house.” Geoff’s tone was as matter-of-
fact as ever. “ Reckoned I’d put in my
time some ways.”

This story began in the Argosy-Allstory Weekly for November 11.

       224	4 A

   “H-m!” the doctor observed. “So
 you’ve met the detective from the county
 seat. You're pretty sharp yourself, Geoff.
 What do you think of him?”

   “ Seems to me I had the wrong idee o’
 detectives.” Geoff shook his head. “ Kind-
 er thought they went round quiet and found
 out what they could without blowin’ no
 horn to advertise who they was and what
 they was there for. Shouldn’t be s’prised
 if he made himself real busy for a day or
 two, but I hope he lets my concrete mixer
 and tools alone. What’s he doin’ now?”

   “ Outside examining all the doors and
 windows to see if any of them were forced
 during the night.”

   There was amused contempt in the doc-
 tor’s tone.
ABOVE SUSPICION.

225

  “ He don’t take any stock in the fact that
the terrace doors were wide open within a
dozen feet of where the body was found!”
“ Still, somebody would have had to walk
across the loose sand on the floor from the
doors o’ the terrace to the bench, and from
all I heard tell, Mr. Benkard set facin’ ’em.”
Geoff spoke meditatively as though to
himself, and his companion watched him
with a shrewd, attentive light in his eyes.

  “ How’d he git hit on the back o’ the
head? Then, unless the feller that did it
smoothed out his tracks as he left—and
the smoothin’ out would show same as foot-
prints—how’d he go?”

  “ That argument would hold good if he
came from any other direction of the court,
and he certainly didn’t fly!” Dr. Hood re-
torted. “ You gave me some good ideas
that helped a lot when Jim Hicks was found
dead in the swamp and again when old
Mrs. Beckley was murdered in her barn, and
I always thought you had the makings of a
detective yourself, Geoff, for all you’re slow-
thinking. Come on out front a minute; I
want to tell you a theory of mine about this
case and see how it strikes you.”

  They passed out of the broad entrance
doors and down the steps to the driveway,
where they halted and looked about them,
but no one was in sight.

  “ I’d like to hear it, doc. This is one
o’ the doggonedest things I ever see!” re-
sponded Geoff. “ I ain’t heard no weepin’
and wailin’ about it, either, not from any-
body.”

  The doctor darted another quick glance
at him.

  “ Sometimes folks think more of your life
insurance and your will than they do of
your company,” he commented dryly.
“ That’s how I size this situation up so far,
and men that fight their way through to
success are bound to leave a few scars and
bruises behind them. Now, suppose Benk-
ard was sitting there smoking on that bench
last night and some one he knew well, or
perhaps even expected, came through the
terrace doors and joined him.

  “ Suppose the visitor had a heavy ham-
mer or a short iron bar or some other
weapon hidden under his coat waiting for
a chance to brain him with it; suppose he

   5	A

dropped something on purpose behind the
bench and got up and went around to get it,
and Benkard, not suspecting anything,
didn’t turn his head, but maybe even
dropped it forward a little on his chest as
though he were thinking. If the blow was
struck then and the murderer went out
through the terrace doors, leaving them
wide open behind him, there’s something we
haven’t taken into consideration that would
have helped him by wiping out his foot-
prints on that sanded floor, Geoff, and it
could only have done it in that one place
in all the court; the night breeze!”

  Dr. Hood paused in an unconsciously
dramatic effect, but his companion’s ex-
pression did not change. He stared straight
before him in stolid reflection and his
thumbs sought the straps of his overalls and
crooked there.

  “ Well, doc,” he vouchsafed at last, “ I
don’t aim to put forward my opinion, but
since you’re askin’ me for it, the wind last
night was from the south, not the north,
that those terrace doors open out on, and
if it had ’a’ been, how could it have got
under and behind that bench to blow away
the footprints there, too, if the feller walked
around it? Then, why would it wipe out
his footprints and leave Benkard’s there in
front of the bench, where we both seen ’em
as plain as day? The rest of it seems a like-
ly enough idee—”

  “It’s the only one!” the doctor inter-
rupted, nettled in spite of his habitual good
nature by the unenthusiastic reception of his
theory. “ No matter which way the wind
was from a little scurry of breeze was likely
to swirl in at the open door and just by
chance scatter the sand and smooth over
the footprints in that one spot, leaving a
space a few inches away undisturbed.

  “ It’s the only explanation, for there be-
ing none visible this morning, and the mur-
derer may not have gone around behind
the bench; that’s a mere detail. I tell you,
Geoff, you’ll find that I’ve hit it before this
case is finished!”

  “ I ain’t got no idees about it at all,”
admitted Geoff. “ Reckon you’re right
about my bein’ slow-thinkin’, doc. Seems
to me, though, that no matter how rich and
successful I’d be I’d want somethin’, even
226

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

a dog, to grieve when my time come to be
took! Who do you s’pose is a-comin’ in
Hank’s deepo jitney? He ain’t driv’ so fast
since the town hall burned over to the
Corners! ”

  A dilapidated small car came at a wild
pace up the driveway swinging from side
to side and the two spectators hopped nim-
bly out of its way as it drew up before the
steps with a clatter.

  “ Hello, doc!” the youthful driver cried
eagerly. “ How’s things? Any news?”

  But Dr. Hood was present on official
business and he merely nodded to his inter-
rogator and stepped forward to intercept
the single passenger who alighted. Geoff
retreated to the shadow of the entrance hall.

  “ I’m the medical examiner in charge.
What’s your business here, sir?”

  The newcomer was a frail, slender, stoop-
shouldered man who seemed prematurely
aged. He hesitated as though bewildered
and the face he turned to the doctor showed
deep, furrowed lines while he blinked near-
sightedly in the sunlight.

  “ I am William Dunn, Mr. Benkard’s
private secretary. Mrs. Cayley sent for
me—”

  His voice was low and tremulous and it
was obvious that he was laboring under
great agitation, if not some deeper emotion.
“ I have been given to understand that Mr.
Benkard is—is—”

  He seemed unable to continue, and the
doctor replied gravely:

  “ Mr. Benkard was found dead this
morning, and it looks like foul play. Mrs.
Cayley is engaged just now, but come this
way; there are some questions I want to
ask you, Mr. Dunn.”

 “‘Foul play’!” The other’s jaw
dropped. “ I was only told of—of sudden
death! Can it be true that, after all these
years—”

  They wrere passing Geoff in the entrance
hall now as the doctor led the way to the
dining room and he saw the sudden glisten-
ing of the secretary’s faded eyes.

  “ You have been a long time with Mr.
Benkard?” Dr. Hood’s tone was sympa-
thetic.

  “ Seven years, doctor. Seven—years! ”
Dunn repeated in a whisper like a man in a

dream. “ I—I was a broker myself in good
standing once, but I met with reverses. Do
they know who—who killed him?’’

  The doctor’s reply was lost in the closing
of the dining room door, and Geoff made
his way out to the terrace once more. It
was deserted, but retrieving his pipe which
he had left to cool on the pile of boards,
he seated himself, and was proceeding to
refill it when a bulky shadow appeared on
the newly dried concrete, and he looked up
to find the county detective confronting
him.

  “ You the guy that’s been doing this
work around here?” He gestured compre-
hensively, and Geoff nodded. “ I'm Detec-
tive Sergeant Eliot, from the Homicide
Bureau of the office of the district attor-
ney ! ”

  He flipped open the lapel of the light
gray coat for an instant, displaying his
badge, but the stone mason merely nodded
again and went on filling his pipe.

  “ Heard tell you was a-comin’, and T seen
you when you stopped the cook from leav-
in’,” he remarked.

  “ I thought it was you in the kitchen!
WTiat were you doing there?”

  “ Gittin’ some coffee.” Geoff cupped his
hands over the match he had lighted and
then drew the cool, fragrant smoke in con-
tentedly.

  “ So you were going to let her make her
get-away, were you?” Sergeant Eliot
adopted a bullying tone, and the other
squinted at him quizzically.

  “ Nobody hadn’t ’p'inted me deputy nor
told me to stop her, and I aim to mind my
own business,” he drawled in perfect good
humor. “ My job is to finish this here ter-
race and the garage soon’s I git a chance.”

  “ Been working here long?” the detective
demanded.

  “ Off and on ever since the foundations
was laid.”

  “ Inside as well as out? Any of that
plaster stuff around the fountain and the
balcony?”

   “ All o’ the finishin’ off, only it ain’t plas-
ter,” explained Geoff. “ It’s stucco and—”

  “ Never mind what it is; I’m no brick-
layer!” Sergeant Eliot had dropped his
bullying tone and his manner was heavily
ABOVE SUSPICIOxV.

227

facetious. “ If you’ve been here working
on the inside from the beginning you’re
the man I’m after to tell me how the rooms
are laid out downstairs. For instance,
what’s this long one here at the left that
runs from the library all the way back?”

   “ It’s a goin’ to be the conservat’ry when
Mis’ Cayley gits round to puttin’ in the
plants and such, as you could have told
from the windows if you’d been a-past ’em
outside.”

   There was the barest suspicion of a twin-
kle in the bovine brown eyes.

   “ And on this side there's the kitchen and
pantry and dining room, and then another
room that stretches across the front to the
entrance hall, about as big as the parlor op-
posite, but it seems to be shut up,” the de-
tective pursued. “ What’s it used for, any-
way?"

  “ Nothin’, now. Mis’ Cayley’s goin’ to
have the ceilin’ hand-painted and move the
piano in from the parlor and call it a
1 music room,’ but I heard tell they was ex-
pectin’ to have lots o’ gay society doin's;
dancin’ and card parties and private play
actin’."

  “ Are the windows of that and the con-
servatory always fastened?”

  “ Reckon so.” Geoff smoked on with
  elaborate nonchalance. “ Henry ’tends to
  that—Henry Carp, the butler.”

     “ And the doors of both of these unfin-
  ished rooms; are they kept locked?”

     Geoff squinted up once more.

     “ Dunno's I can tell you that, Mr.—Ser-
  geant. I ain’t had occasion to go in either
  of ’em since the family moved here, and
  that’s been about a month. There was lots
  o’ sets o’ keys made to every’ room in the
  house, but I never heard tell who had ’em,
  ’cept Mis’ Cayley and Henry—and, o’
  course, Mr. Benkard.”

     “ What’s your name?” asked the detec-
  tive suddenly, after a pause.

     “ Geoffrey Peters.”

     “ Got your card with you?”

      Geoff thrust out his lantern jaw a trifle.

   “ I don’t belong to no union and I don’t
   ne«d to; everybody round here knows me
   like they knew my father before me, and
   he wa9 the best carpenter and mason in the
   county. I git more odd jobs and steady

ones than I can ’tend to, and I hope you
and the constable—I mean, the lieutenant—
will ketch the feller soon that killed Mr.
Benkard so’s I can git on with my work!”
Sergeant Eliot chuckled.

“Guess you w'on’t be idle long, then!”
he boasted, then added quickly in a lowered
tone: “ Who is this?”

Geoff glanced toward the path which led
around the west side of the house from the
newly laid-out garden and rose.

“ Young lady visitin’ here; Miss Sher-
wood, her name is,” he replied. “ Friend o’
Mis’ Cayley and her daughter from the city.
Reckon I’ll git on down to the beach and
see how them concrete piles o’ the boathouse
is settin’, unless there’s somethin’ else you
want to ask me?”

“ Not now.” The detective motioned him
away, and Geoff reached in the tool box for
his cap and then strolled off down the ter-
race steps, but as soon as he was out of
sight from above he felt in the torn lining
of the cap for the precious bit of soft, glossy,
black fabric which he had secreted there.

Reassured of its safety he went on whis-
tling his gay but monotonous refrain of
the morning, at first softly, then shrill and
clear, as he approached the boathouse. As
he expected, two youthful, anxious faces
peered cautiously at him from around the
corner of the tiny veranda which faced the
Sound.

Affecting not to notice them, he stooped
and ran his hand down one after another
of the concrete piles, but when he reached
the one nearest to them at the water’s edge
the whistle ceased.

  “ ’Tain’t any o’ my business.” He spoke
as though to himself. “ But I kinder think
somebody’s been missed from the house.
That young lady who’s visitin’ there, Miss
Sherwood, just come lookin’ round outside
real anxious. She’s on the terrace now, but
I don’t reckon she’s ’quainted with that
path leadin’ out back o’ the garage.”

  Cutting short the grateful thanks of the
pair by renewed whistling he turned and
started for the terrace once more, but he
silenced his refrain abruptly before he
reached the steps and ducked hastily
through a clump of bushes beside them un-
til he stood just beneath the spot where he
228

A RGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  had left the detective. Miss Sherwood’s
  low, clear tones came distinctly to his ears.

  “ Yes, I understand perfectly. I make
  my home in New York with Mrs. Harper
  Middleton on Park Avenue. . . . None with
  the exception of some distant cousins of the
  same name from whom I have not heard
  in years.”

     The unintelligible rumble of the detec-
   tive’s voice intervened, and then at intervals
   her replies.

     “ A frightful shock, naturally, although
   I am merely a friend of the family. Mr.
   Benkard was a man who will not soon be
   forgotten by those who really knew him. I
   believe that I must have been the last of the
   household to see him alive, except for Carp,
   when he went to lock up, for Miss Cayley
   had retired some time before, and Mrs.
   Cayley preceded me by a few minutes. In
   the library, Mr. Benkard asked me to go for
   a sail this afternoon, I remember, if he could
   arrange to return from town in time. . . .
   No, certainly not! Nothing whatever of
   that sort! I have told you that I am just a
   friend of Mrs. Cayley and not a particularly
   intimate one! This is the first time that I
   have ever been a house guest of hers, in
   town or country!”

    The indignation of the young woman’s
disclaimer made the nature of Sergeant
Eliot’s question plain. Geoff waited to hear
no more, but keeping close to the house
wall he made his way to the front and in
at the entrance.

    Dr. Hood was just crossing the patio from
 the staircase to the dining room, half lead-
 ing and half supporting the shaking form of
 the old butler, and he beckoned imperative-
 ly. Geoff sauntered along in their wake
 until they had entered the room and he
 heard Henry’s quavering tones.

  “ Oh, Mr. Dunn, sir! This is a sad day
for all of us!”

  “ A day of shocking changes, indeed,
Carp.” Dunn’s low, still dazed voice re-
plied, and then the doctor reappeared in the
patio.

  “I want you to hear this, Geoff!” he
whispered. “ I told you it was somebody
Benkard knew well and perhaps expected,
but I guess it wasn’t quite the way I thought
and my theory is knocked into smither-

  eens! Go into the pantry; I’ll open the
  door between on a crack.”

     With a wary eye on the opposite gallery
   lest Letty appear, and a quick glance or two
   toward the library from which the subdued
   sound of voices still issued, Geoff hurried
   to the small door leading to the pantry and
   slipped in silently.

    “ Henry,” Dr. Hood was saying in his
  most persuasive tones, “ Mrs. Cayley wants
  you to tell the truth, and all the truth as
  far as you know it. Mr. Dunn has just
  told me something that he is going to re-
  peat to you, and I want you to say whether
  you ever heard anything about it or not;
  whether it was ever discussed by Mr. Benk-
  ard and any of the family at home in your
  hearing. Do you understand?”

    “ I—I think I do, sir.” Henry’s voice
  had risen a note, as though he already an-
  ticipated what was coming and was appre-
  hensive of it. “ I haven’t seen Mrs. Cay-
  ley, sir, since early morning and I don’t
  know that she would wish to have me men-
  tion what might have been said at home—”
  “ She wishes everything done, everything
  told, that will help to find the murderer of
  her brother, no matter what else should be
  brought out. She gave me that message
  herself!” the doctor interrupted. “Tell
  Henry what you told me, Mr. Dunn.”

     “ I said that for the last three or four
   years Mr. Benkard had been in fear for
   his life.”

     The secretary’s low voice had steadied,
  and now it rang out with unexpected firm-
  ness.

     “ I said that he knew he had some enemy
 who was only biding his time and would get
 him in the end. I said that he was a man
 who walked in the constant shadow of
 death! ”

  “ Mr. Benkard didn't know what it was
 to be afraid of anything nor anybody, sir,
 that I ever heard of!” Henry cried. “ If—
 if he did have some enemy who—who might
 have threatened him it didn’t frighten him,
 for he wasn’t afraid of death itself!”

  “ But he did have such an enemy! He
 had been threatened with death, and you
 and the family knew it!” Dr. Hood ex-
 claimed.

  “ Henry Carp did know it.” Dunn’s
ABOVE SUSPICION.

229

level tones followed with almost sinister in-
sistence upon the medical examiner’s accusa-
tion.

  “ You knew when the anonymous letters
began coming on certain days of every year
and how he defied them! He never would
admit that he guessed who sent them, or
why, and perhaps he didn't know the iden-
tity of his enemy, but he knew the reason
all right! He used to wait for the days
to come and pass—”

  “Oh, it’s true!” Henry broke down.
“ He wouldn’t have a special guard or go
to the police, and after the first year not
even Mrs. Cayley dared to speak to him
about it, but we knew and waited, too, and
when I laid eyes on him this morning I
saw that it had come at last! It’s been just
as Mr. Dunn says, sir; for these four years
and more past Mr. Benkard has walked
in the shadow of death 1”

CHAPTER V.

THE CURIOSITY OF LETTY.

FOR a brief space, save for the ster-
torous breathing of the old butler
as he strove to regain control of his
emotions, there was silence in the dining
room.

   The secretary stared straight before
him, and Dr. Hood glanced meaningly to-
ward the pantry door behind which Geoff
stood listening with all his ears. Then,
as though to himself, William Dunn spoke.

“ ‘ Barking dogs never bite,’ he used to
say. I’ve seen them come to him at the
office cringing and bullying, begging and
bargaining, the men he’d beaten at their
own game, and he laughed at them all;
but he didn’t laugh at this thing that hung
over him!

   “ I might have known that something
terrible was happening last night, for I
seemed to have a premonition—a sense of
impending horror for which I could not ac-
count. Sleep would not come to me, and
at last I dressed again and went out, to
walk the streets aimlessly till it was nearly
morning.”

The doctor cleared his throat. “ Why
did you say that perhaps Mr. Benkard did

not know who it was that was threatening
him, but that he knew the cause? Do you
mean that some one had taken up another’s
quarrel with him?”

  “ Perhaps, doctor. A man cannot be as
close to another day after day as I have
been to Mr. Benkard all these years with-
out getting to know him pretty thoroughly,
and to a certain extent I may say that he
confided in me. I mean that he would
let himself go occasionally, show his
thoughts and feelings without the restraint
he exhibited toward almost every one else.”
Dunn paused and covered his eyes with one
thin hand, but after a moment it fell to
the arm of his chair and he continued:

  “ He never showed me one of those let-
ters, nor told me the contents except that
some lunatic was threatening his life for
an imaginary cause that he couldn’t fath-
om, but when he raged against the sender
of them he seemed sincere enough in his
wonder as to the man’s identity.

  “ It was only when he spoke of the al-
leged reason for the insane persecution that
his tone assumed the defensive. I always
thought that perhaps the letters themselves
or the dates on which they came so regu-
larly recalled some incident in the past
in wThich he had gotten the best of a deal
and the loser nursed a grudge.”

  Dr. Hood shook his head.

  “ That wouldn’t account for murder, Mr.
Dunn, especially if it were some one else
who took up the grudge and that person
was actually insane. I never heard of a
maniac able to keep track of dates with
such regularity as you say over a period
covering several years, but perhaps he was
crazed only on the one subject, and had
brooded over it until it had become an ob-
session. That would hardly be the case if
it concerned a mere financial deal, with a
third party at that!”

  “It might if that deal involved ruin for
others, doctor,” Dunn said, “ and the writer
of those letters were one of them and be-
lieved Mr. Benkard to be responsible. You
don’t know what it is to have everything
swept away! I do, but my failure was my
own fault, an error in judgment or perhaps
lack of nerve in a crisis, and I had no one
to blame but myself.
230

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  “ I was present less than two years ago
when a man who had been wiped out on
the market the day before forced his way
into Mr. Benkard’s private office and lev-
eled a revolver at him. Mr. Benkard just
laughed and took it away from him. He
had courage, as Carp says. He wasn't
afraid of anything on earth.”

  ** Did the man ever trouble him again?”
the doctor asked.

  “ Xo, sir.” Dunn’s voice sunk to a
whisper. u He blew his own brains out that
night. Of course, Mr. Benkard had noth-
ing to do with his failure—he just imag-
ined it—and I only mentioned it to show
you to what lengths despair can drive a
man sometimes.”

   On the blind impulse of the moment,
maybe, but not in the calculated persecu-
tion which your story of these letters indi-
cates.'’ Dr. Hood removed his spectacles
and began to polish them absentmindedly.
“ On what dates did they come? Were they
sent to his home or to his office?”

  “ On the ioth of October and the ist of
January. Sometimes they came to the of-
fice, but more often to his home.”

  “ But wasn’t it your custom as his sec-
setarv to go through the office mail your-
self?” demanded the doctor.

  “ Xot on those dates.” Dunn shook his
head. “ The first letters had gone to his
home, you see, doctor, and I had instruc-
tions after that not to touch the mail in
either October or January until Mr. Ben-
kard turned it over to me again; but it
was always back in my hands on the
nth of October and—except this year—
by the 2d of January. The letters came
promptly.”

  “ I call to mind well when the first one
came to the house.” It was Henry who
spoke, and although his tones were feeble
they were fairly controlled. “ That was
four years ago last New Year's Da}*. I'd
sorted the mail, never thinking, and put it
at his place, and Mrs. Cayley’s and Miss
Mildred's at the breakfast table. I was
serving them, when all at once I heard Mrs.
Cayley cry out and ask him what was the
matter.

  *' Mr. Benkard laughed and crushed the
letter in his hand, and said it was nothing:

that some crank or practical joker had sent
him an anon—anonymous threat. I no-
ticed, though, that he only pretended to
eat after that, and a little later I saw him
burning the letter and envelope in the open
fire in his study. There was an informal
reception that afternoon and a small dinner
party at night—they didn't go in for so-
ciety so much then, sir—but all day Mr.
Benkard looked as though he was seeing
ghosts! ”

  “ And when did the second letter come?”

  “ On the ioth of October, sir, as Mr.
Dunn says, and it was just the same, only
Miss Mildred being away at boarding
school, Mrs. Cayley made a bit of a scene,
if you’ll excuse me for saying so, wanting
to see the letter and demanding to know
what it was all about.

  “ Mr. Benkard got in a rage, the worst
I ever knew him to have, and told her not
to meddle in his affairs or—or she would
regret it. I don’t know that Mrs. Cayle\
would like me to speak of it, especially
now, sir, but you said she wanted me to
tell all the truth.”

  Henry paused, but the doctor reassured
him.

  “ That's right, Henry. Go on.”

  “ Let me see, then. sir. That will be
three years ago next October, and the fol-
lowing New Year's Day I looked over the
mail right carefully, you may be sure, but
I couldn't see anything suspicious: nor
was there. The letter didn’t come! All
day I watched Mr. Benkard, and I noticed
that Mrs. Cayley did, too—and we—we all
waited, but nothing happened. Miss Mil-
dred didn't know anything about it. having
forgotten what happened the previous year,
of course.

  “ It was the next day when Mr. Ben-
kard came home from the office, and I was
helping him off with his coat, that I saw
in his face he must have had the letter
down town.”

   He did,” Dunn affirmed. ** When I
reached the office at my usual time I found
him there before me. burning some papers
in a big brass ash tray, and he was in a
towering fun*. That was the first I heard
about the letters, when he burst out and
told me about the first two. He said just
ABOVE SUSPICION.

231

 ■vvkat I’ve told you, doctor, no more and
 no less, and he gave me instructions then
 about the mail for the next October.”

   “ Where was the fourth letter sent?”
 “To the house, sir, and the fifth, too;
 in October, and then on New Year’s Day—
 that was two years ago last New Year’s.”
 Henry took up the recital. “ He bore it
 better, but you could see it was wearing
 him down, like a man under sentence.
 Mrs. Cayley and me, we’d never spoke of
 it, but there was a kind of an understanding
 between us, and we could tell. Different
 kinds of envelopes must have been used
 each time, for I never knew which to look
 for, and Mr. Benkard always burned them
 directly afterward. My memory isn’t what
 it used to be, but the next one must have
 gone to the office.”

   He looked at the secretary, who nodded
 without speaking, and Henry went on:

   “ The last to come to the house was on
  New Year’s Day a year ago, and Mr. Ben-
  kard shut himself up in his study for hours

 •	afterward, but when he came out he was
  more like his old self than he had been
  for days.

     “ You see, sir, I could tell the strain he
   was under, and how he’d begin to wait
   when it neared time for the date to come
   around. I fancy Mr. Dunn must have
   taken notice of it, too.”

     “ I did, of course,” said Dunn, “ and al-
   though no one else at the office had an
   inkling of the matter I think the whole staff
   felt that something was in the air at those
   times. When the final letter came last
   October I was relieved that he merely
   langhed at it instead of becoming enraged,
   but he was unusually thoughtful for days
   thereafter, absentminded, I might say, and
   his keen business acumen seemed to slip a
   cog. He pulled himself together, though,
   and in a week or two he was plunging more
   actively into the game than ever; that is,
   until January.”

     He paused, and the doctor observed:
   “If no anonymous letter reached him
   then either at home or his office, it might
   have been sent to one of his clubs.”

     Henry shook his head, and Dunn replied
   quickly:

     “ It wasn’t, doctor, because all that

month he insisted on opening and examin-
ing his own mail, and his business affairs
went to pieces. Every deal he undertook
fell through, and it began to be whispered
about that he was losing his grip, breaking
up. They were all down on him then like
a pack of wolves, but toward the latter part
of the month he began to change gradually,
to come back.

   “ It was as though a burden were slipping
 from him a trifle more each day, and on
 the i st of February he flung the whole heap
 of mail unopened on my desk and said:

*	Here, Bill, here’s your old job back. My
anonymous friend has thrown up the
sponge.’

   “ Since then Mr. Benkard has been just
as he was before the first of those letters
came, and he not only made up for his J an-
uary losses, but he’s pulled off some of the
most sensationally successful coups of his
career.”

   “ He was the same at home, sir, Henry
supplemented. “ From New Year’s on he
scarcely ate or slept, and every hour he
was waiting, waiting! Then little by little
his old spirit came back, and it’s been as if
those letters was never written. But it
must have come at last, sir, the thing he
was waiting for! It must have come last
night!”

  The weak tears of age sprang to his
eyes, and as he threatened to collapse once
more Dr. Hood rose hastily.

   “ Come along, Henry; you’d better go
back and rest now, and try not to think
about it. I’ll give you a little something
that ’11 help you to sleep. Wait here till I
get downstairs again, Mr. Dunn, and if
any one should happen to come in don’t
mention this conversation. You under-
stand, don’t you?”

   The secretary nodded, and the other two
left the room while Geoff slipped from his
hiding place and through the outer door of
the kitchen, which opened on a pergola
beside the terrace. He’d had enough of
eavesdropping for one day, and there was
a question to be settled in his own mind.

   The noon whistles blew at a distant mill
 while he was still strolling back and forth
 under the trellised arbor, and more from
 habit than anything else he procured his
232

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

dinner from where it reposed wrapped in a
newspaper on his coat in the tool box and
seated himself on the steps.

  If he had hoped to devour it undis-
turbed he was disappointed. Scarcely had
he consumed his first sandwich of cold
fried pork and bread than a thin voice
twanged behind him, and turning, to his
astonishment, he beheld Letty advancing
with a glass and bottle in her hands.

  “ I was thinkin’ maybe a little ginger ale
would go good with your lunch, Geoff,” she
remarked jerkily. “ I don’t know what I
would have done with old Henry this mom-
in’ if it hadn’t been for you when—when
we found Mr. Benkard!”

  “ It’s a pity no one thought o’ old Henry
afterward,” he replied. “ Thank you kind-
ly for this, though.”

  He drank deeply, but eyed her askance
over the rim of the glass, for the acidulous
housemaid had shown him no favors before,
and he was wary.

  <; I did think of him when I could get a
minute from Mrs. Cayley and the others,
but he told me you’d brought him up some
coffee and he didn’t want anything else.”
Without invitation she plumped herself
down on the steps beside him with her
sharp elbows on her knees and her sharper
chin in her hands. “ I went up again ju?t
now, but he’s sleepin’ like a child, and I’m
glad of it. He seemed nearly crazy from
the shock of cornin’ on Mr. Benkard like
that! When you saw him, could you get
anything out of him, Geoff? What did he
say?”

  So that was it! She had come to pump
him. But why should she care particularly
what the butler or anyone else had said
about Joseph Benkard’s death? Was it
just a woman’s love -of gossip? Geoff fin-
ished the other sandwich before he replied:
“ I didn’t try to git anythin’ out o’ him.
’Tamt none o’ my affairs, but I wouldn’t
say Henry was noways crazy; seems real
bright and level-headed to me for an old
feller.”

  “ Well, he isn’t; he’s in his second child-
hood, if you ask me, but the shock was
enough to dri%'e anybody out of their
head.” Letty peered into the newspaper
spread between his knees. “ What are you

eatin’? Doughnuts and apples and stale
cheese! Goodness gracious, what messes
you bachelors do fix up for yourselves!”
“It’s what I like!” Geoff protested in
some alarm. “ I been eatin’ it steady for
fifteen year, ever since my ma died.”

  “ Just you wait!” Letty rose. “ ’Zeppa
is a good-for-nothing, lazy thing, but she
makes lovely chocolate cake, and I think
there’s some left.”

  She was gone before he could remon-
strate further, and philosophically Geoff
poured himself another glass of ginger ale.
After all, he had committed himself by ac-
cepting that, and he might as well take
whatever else was offered, but this new
attitude on her part was disquieting. Letty
returned presently with a huge wedge of
cake on a plate and seated herself again
beside him.

  “ I guess you’ll like that better,” she
remarked in answer to his cautiously
worded thanks. “ My, what a momin’ it’s
been! First that—that awful business, and
then havin’ to break the news to Mrs.
Cayley and the young ladies, and trying to
keep ’Zeppa from havin’ a fit, and then the
police cornin’! The doctor is a friend of
yours, isn’t he, Geoff? I saw you talkin’
to him two or three times. What does he
think about the murder?”

  Her tones were confidentially lowered as
she bent nearer to him, and Geoff edged
away.

  “ Doc Hood’s a friend to nigh everybody
in the county, goin’ miles day or night to
take care o’ the sick, whether they kin pay
or not,” he observed noncommittally. He’s
knowed me since I was knee-high to a
grasshopper, but he wouldn’t likely talk to
me about his criminal cases as med’cal ex-
aminer. He asked me questions just the
same as he done to everybody else.”

  “What kind of questions, Geoff?” Her
voice was a mere whisper now, and
she hitched along closer to him on the step.
He saw with dismay that she would soon
have him hemmed in against the balustrade
and escape would be impossible. “ Dr.
Hood asked me a lot of questions, too, and
he was awful kind about it, but I couldn’t
make head nor tail of what he was gettin’
at. What did he ask you?”
ABOVE SUSPICION.

233

   Geoff remembered all at once that it was
the doctor himself who had called him
“ slow-thinking,” and he smiled inwardly.
“ Well, after he'd got through about this
mornin’, he asked me if I’d seen any s’pi-
cious characters hangin’ round while I been
workin’ here the last few days—tramps or
tough-looking city fellers that might have
been burglars spyin’ out the place. Then
he wanted to know if I’d noticed any
strange motor boats anchored down there
offshore, or ottermobiles pretendin’ to be
stuck in the road right close to the gates
with license plates from ’way off some-
wheres.”

  Geoff warmed to his subject. “ After
that he started about the ketches on all
the winders and locks on the doors, and
was there any alarm system, and did Mr.
Benkard have a gun that I’d heard tell of?
Did he ask you any o’ them things?”

  ‘‘ He did not!” Letty eyed her compan-
ion in open skepticism. “ I must say it's
funny, too! Did you talk to that detective
from the county- seat?”

  “He talked to me!” Geoff chuckled.
“Kinder likes to hear ^imself, don’t he?
Reckon he had an idee I might have done
it! He asked me every question he could
think o’ *bout myself, and I expect I’m
liable to find him snoopin’ round my place
down by the crick ’most any time. What
do you think o’ him?”

   Letty's sniff was eloquent.

  “ I guess if it was goin’ to depend on
him we’d never find out who killed Mr.
Benkard! ” She caught herself up suddenly.
“ Mr. Lane is here.”

   “ I heard tell so.”

   Geoff's tone was absent, for he was won-
dering what she meant and why she had
stopped and changed the subject as though
sorry she had spoken. On whom was the
investigation to depend if not on the local
and county authorities?

  “ Mr. Benkard’s secretary, Mr. Dunn,
came a while ago, too,” Letty remarked
after a pause.

   “ Seen him when he driv’ up. but I ain’t
spoke to him.” responded Geoff truthfully
enough. “ He looked ’most as bad as old
Henry.”

  “They're a good pair!” she exclaimed.

“ Henry's in his dotage and Mr. Dunn's
half cracked about losin’ his own money in
Wall Street. They’d both outlived their
usefulness when we came on to make our
home with Mr. Benkard six years ago. and
why he kept them I never could see, though
Mrs. Cayley got kind of fond of old Henry,
and I like him because he’s willing and
faithful enough. I guess Mr. Dunn is, too,
but if anybody was to listen to either of
them and believe a word they said it ’d be
downright foolishness!”

  “ Why?” Geoff asked mildly.

  <l Because they’re likely to imagine all
kinds of things now that Mr. Benkard has
been murdered, and make mountains out of
mole hills, thinkin’ they can help trace the
one who did it! I shouldn’t be surprised
right now if one or the other of them wasn’t
cookin’ up some notion or makin’ a mystery
out of nothin’!”

  “ Except that old Henry’s asleep, you
say, and I expect Mr. Dunn is busy with
Mis’ Cayley,” Geoff remarked. “ You come
with her and her daughter to New York,
didn’t you? Where did you live before
that? I ain’t never had time to git no-
where only just round here.”

  Letty bit her thin lips.

  “ We came from Milborough, in Penn-
sylvania,” she said shortly.

  Geoff debated for a moment and then
made a valiant effort.

  “ You couldn’t have been with Mis’ Cay-
ley long; you ain’t old ’nough to’ve been
out o’ school more’n a few year.”

  He gulped when the words were out and
awaited the result of his rash move with
trepidation, but nothing happened, and after
a brief space he stole a sidelong glance at
her. To his surprise Letty’s face had turned
a dull brick-red and a little suggestion of a
smile softened her sharp features.

  “Age is sometimes deceivin’, Geoff!”
She laughed, not unpleasantly. “ I've been
with Mrs. Cayley since two years before her
husband died and that 11 be ten years next
September, poor man!”

  “ You workin’ twelve year! If anybody
else was to’ve told me I’d never have be-
lieved it!” he exclaimed gallantly, adding:
“ What did Mis’ Cayley’s husband do?
Was he in big deals like Mr. Benkard?’’
234

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

     The query was put innocently enough,
   but Letty’s smile disappeared, and she gave
   him a sharp, suspicious glance.

    “ He didn’t do anything. He was an
  invalid,” she replied with an air of finality.
  “ Mercy, I can’t sit here gabbing’ all day!”

     She rose and he did likewise, with a sigh
  which might have been an expression of re-
  gret or relief.

     “ Nor me, neither, though it’s the first
  time we got kinder acquainted. I puttered
  round all morning doin’ nothin’ and now I
  reckon I’ll move my concrete mixer over to
  the garage and git to work there. Mis’
  Cayley didn’t say I shouldn’t and I’ll be
  out o’ folks’ way—”

   “Hey, Geoff!” Lieutenant Zeke Foster
  came around the comer of the house on a
  run. “ Seen anythin’ o’ Doc Hood?”

   “ No! What’s up?” Geoff demanded, de-
  serting his erstwhile companion abruptly.

    “ That detective from the district attor-
 ney’s office has found where a window o’
 that big empty room at the front was
 forced and the lock o’ the door broke!
 That’s how the murd’rer got in last night!”

CHAPTER VI.

GEOFF HELPS.

 THE creek which wound between broad,
 gently sloping meadows to the Sound
 reflected the last pink glow of sunset
 that evening as Dr. Hood left his car at
 the side of the main road and made his
 way along the narrow, well-worn path to-
 ward a tiny frame cottage set in a garden
 that fairly rioted with bloom.

 As he neared it a deep-throated baying
 sounded from within and Geoff’s tall, lanky
 figure appeared in the doorway.

 “Why, hello, doc!” Unfeigned surprise
 and pleasure quickened his drawling tones.

 “ Don’t reckon you’ve been here since ma
 died! Come in!”

 “ You’ve kept up her garden, I see.” The
 doctor paused to sniff at a fragrant rose
 bush.

 “ Yes,” Geoff replied half apologetically,
 as though revealing a hidden weakness.

 “ Seems kinder more like livin’ with some-
 thin’ pretty round. Go on outside, Rufe.”

    He added the last to a nondescript hound
 which had ceased its baying and come to the
 doorway beside him inquiringly. The dog
 obeyed, wagging its tail in friendly fashion
 at the visitor and then trotted off to the
 shed, from whence came the occasional
 stamp of a horse’s hoofs.

    “ What sort of a collection have you in
 your menagerie now, Geoff?” asked the doc-
 tor as he followed his host into the immacu-
 late kitchen.

    “ Only Rufe, and Sim Perkins’s old mare
 that he turned out to die last winter and—
 and Lady, here.”

   As he spoke a huge, silky, buff-and-white
 bundle moved on an old quilt in the comer
 and a great dog raised herself on her fore-
 legs with the hind ones stretched out help-
 lessly behind her.

  “ Why, it’s a Russian wolfhound! A
 beauty!” Dr. Hood exclaimed. “What
 happened to her that her hind quarters are
 paralyzed—run over?”

   “ She’s been mistreated,” Geoff responded
 briefly, but there was that in his tone which
 few had ever heard there. “ I was give ten
 dollars to take her out and shoot her. but
 I brought her home instead, and the vet I
 had down from the city says she’s goin’ to
 git well. Set down, doc. I reckoned I’d
 keep out o’ what wasn’t my business, so I
 worked on the garage all afternoon.”

    “ It looks as though this case were any-
 body’s business,” the doctor observed rue-
 fully as he seated himself. “ I’m going to
 perform the autopsy to-night, but there
 will be nothing to it, and then I’m out of it
 until the trial, if there ever is one! Ser-
 geant Eliot is using Zeke for a sort of watch-
 man since he discovered that the window
 and inner door of the empty music room
 had been forced, and he’s busier than a bird
 dog around the place, but somehow I don’t
 take much stock in that story of the forced
 window, Geoff.

   “ No burglary was attempted, and if the
 murderer wasn’t a stranger and had recon-
 noitered he would have found the man he
 was looking for sitting unarmed within a
 few feet of those open doors. Mrs. Cayley
 tried to bluff when I asked her about those
 anonymous death threats, but finally she
 had to admit that her brother had received
ABOVE SUSPICION.

a few such letters, evidently the work of
some harmless crank, and no one had paid
any attention to them except perhaps his
overzealous secretary or poor, childish old
Henry.”

  Geoff chuckled.

  “ Yes. She sent Letty out when I was
eatin’ my dinner to bribe me with a bottle
o' ginger pop to let on to you that Henry
and that there Dunn were a couple o’ half-
cracked fools and not to listen to ’em. She
was real anxious, though, to find out what
you thought and what the sergeant had
asked me, and I reckon she told Letty to
pump me generally.”

  The doctor’s eyes twinkled.

  “ Was the pumping good?”

  “ Well.” Geoff rubbed his chin. “ That
there Letty’s real faithful, but then she’s
been with Mis’ Cayley for twelve years.
Mis’ Cayley’s husband was an invalid and
died ten year ago. and four years after-
ward she and Miss Millie and Letty come to
New York from Milborough, Pennsylvania,
to keep house for Mr. Benkard. Henry
and William Dunn was with him already.”
The visitor laughed until his fat body
shook.

  “ I thought that was how it must have
tuned out!” he exclaimed. Then his face'
sobered.

  “ Mrs. Cayley’s afraid to have those let-
ters investigated, for some reason; dread of
notoriety, perhaps. There might have been
a few things in Benkard’s life that wouldn’t
look good printed in his obituary.”

  “ Yet I shouldn’t be s’prised if they was
anxious to find out for themselves, anyways,
just who it was killed him. Letty kinder
hinted they wasn’t exactly tickled to death
with the district attorney’s feller and then
she shut up quick. Mebbe there’ll be an-
other stranger ’round the place pretty soon
who won’t flash no badge nor act like he
was leadin’ a brass band, but I don't see
what he kin do; the tracks ’11 be all covered
up by that time.”

  “ Do you mean you think Mrs. Cayley
is going to get a detective of her own out
from the city?” demanded the doctor.

  “ Kinder looks that way, but o’ course
’tain’t any business o’ mine. Seems to me.
though, that if I wanted to start on a new

tack and I thought mebbe the feller that
writ those letters mightn’t have had nothin’
to do with the murder after all, I’d have a
little talk with ’Zeppa.”

  “ The cook! ”

  “ Seems to me I’d kinder let on what an
ornery cuss I thought that district attor-
ney’s feller was and that mebbe I’d use my
inflooence—providin’ I had any, that is—
to git leave for her to go, seein’s she didn’t
know nothin’ about what happened to Mr.
Benkard, if she’d tell me what she heard
goin’ on in the dinin’ room last night, after
Miss Sherwood had stopped playin’ the
piano.”

  Geoff spoke slowly and meditatively, as
though communing with himself alone, but
his visitor listened eagerly.

  “ Shouldn’t wonder but I’d ask her who
the feller was that said he was through;
he’d been played for a sucker because the
lady hadn’t no intentions o’ marryin’ him,
and so nowr he was goin’ to queer Mr.
Benkard’s game. Reckon she’d tell me that
Mr. Benkard threatened to break him like
he had the others, but that the feller swore
he’d git him first—and that a few minutes
after there come the sound of an ottermobile
tearin’ off down the drive.”

  “ Stoneham Lane! Mrs. Cayley told me
that he had a talk with her brother in the
dining room just before he left!”

  The doctor took off his spectacles and be-
gan polishing them vigorously with a corner
of the red cotton cover on the table beside
which he sat.

  “ But Benkard went back to the library
and talked to her, and then to Miss Sher-
wood alone for a fewT minutes after Mrs.
Cayley had gone to her room, and old Henry
saw him later when he went the rounds to
lock the house up for the night!”

  “ He didn’t lock the terrace doors,
though, and somebody might’ve forced the
window and inside door to the music room
to make it look’s if a burglar or leastwise
a stranger had done it. Kinder think if
this case was any affair o’ mine—which it
ain’t—I’d like to know if Mr. Lane driv’
straight back to the city and what time he
put his ottermobile up at whatever garage
he keeps it at, and then I’d make sure he
went home and to bed instead o’ mebbe hir-
236

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

in’ a strange ottermobile or borrowin’ one
for a little ride out in the country' again.”

  Geoff ran his fingers through his shock
of sandy hair, paused for a few moments,
then he spoke again.

  “ It’s plumb cur’us bow a feller kin go
along makin3 money and livin’ high till he’s
old ’nough to know better and then git crazy
’bout some yeller-headed little gal who
might’ve been his daughter, and when she
won’t marry him hell git an idee that she
was leadin’ him on because she'd been told
to by somebody she had to mind!

  “If he’d thought the party that put her
up to it was his friend and had p’raps got
mixed up in some dirty work with him be-
sides he’d likely git even no matter what
it cost him, but if he was scared mebbe that
the other party would win out I shouldn’t
be s’prised but that he’d take a chance on
crackin’ his skull. Where a feller tries to
mix courtin’ and business he's bound to lose
on one or t’other, and if the business hap-
pens to be a little mite crooked there’s liable
to be a sight o’ trouble.”

  “ ‘ Crooked business ’?” repeated the
visitor thoughtfully. “ Those big financiers
in Wall Street don’t care much who they
ruin, Geoff, so long as they get to the top.
From what Dunn said to-day, although he
was as loyal as they come, I gathered that
Benkard was about as ruthless a fighter
as any of the lot, but I didn’t think he’d
do anything crooked.”

  “ Never kin tell, doc.” Geoff produced his
pipe and sack of tobacco. “ O’ course if
Mis’ Cayley does git a detective down it
won’t be his business to unearth anythin’
that ’11 mebbe reflect on her brother, but to
cover it up instead, and that’s where he’d
be workin’ with his hands tied, but if a body
was free to investigate where he pleased
he could look up some o’ the deals Lane and
Benkard have been in together just to git a
general idee o’ their game.

  “ Lane ain’t nobuddy’s fool, for all he
wants a gal that don’t want him, and if he
was to’ve turned and come back last night
hell have it all fixed to prove where he
was every minute o’ the time from when he
first left here till Mis’ Cayley called him on
the telephone this mornin’, with folks all
ready to swear to it, too, likely.”

  “ An alibi, you mean.” Dr. Hood nodded
a trifle grimly. “ If his alibi can’t be shak-
en that’s the end of it, but I’U be hanged
if I don’t think you may have struck it,

Geoff! I never thought to talk to that
cook; it beats all how you just fall into
luck!”

  “ Reckon it’s because I ain’t lookin’ for
nothin’,” his host responded as he suddenly
put the tobacco sack back in his pocket un-
opened and reached for a large tin box on
the shelf. “ Kinder think I’ll try this new
mixture; too bad I ain’t got any cigars for
you, doc.”

  “ Mr. Newbury' gave me a couple this
afternoon.” The other took a fat perfecto
from his pocket as he spoke. “ Those big
city lawyers certainly have the best there
is.”

  “ * Lawyers ’?” Geoff looked up quickly.

  “ He was Benkard’s attorney and Mrs.
Cayley’s, too. and he came out on the first
afternoon train. It seems that Lane left
word to have him notified for Mrs. Cayley
before he himself started out here. I had
a long talk with Newbury about Benkard’s
affairs and I can tell you if there was any-
thing crooked about them he doesn’t knew
it or he wouldn’t have touched them with a
ten-foot pole! He’s a man of fifty-five or
so, I should say, with gray hair and a little
pointed beard. Did you ever see him while
you were working around the place?

  Geoff shook his head and the doctor went
on:

  “ His voice is deep and solemn, just like
a preacher's, and I'll bet he makes them
sit up and take notice in a court room! He
wanted to know when they could have the
body and when I told him ‘ to-morrow
morning,' he said they would have the fu-
neral the next day—Saturday—so as to get
it over with as quickly as possible and avoid
all the notoriety for the family that they
could.

  “ He seemed pretty well shocked, but it
was more as though he felt it a personal
scandal and disgrace that one of his clients
should have gone and got himself mur-
dered, than any real regret If Benkard
was worth anywhere near as much as he
hinted, his fees for settling up the estate
ought to run into a tidy sum, though, even
ABOVE SUSPICION.

237

for him, and that must have softened the
blow.”

  “ Didn’t Benkard leave no will?” Geoff
asked, drawing at his pipe slowly.

  “ Yes, of course. Newbury drew it up
for him and he’s going to read it to Mrs.
Cayley and her daughter on Sunday after-
noon. He couldn’t tell me in advance what
was in it. Benkard wasn’t a member of
the Stock Exchange himself, but he traded
through the biggest houses, and he was
known as one of the most daring, brilliant
speculators in the Street at the present day.

  “ He didn’t stick to any one kind of stock,
but took flyers in everything—railroads and
wheat and mines and oil and so forth—and
nobody knew which side of the market he’d
be on next, sending the price skyrocketing
or making the bottom drop out of it.”

  “ Reg’lar gambler,” commented Geoff.
“Lost out in the end, though, didn’t he?
No matter how much he made he couldn’t
take none o’ it with him where he went last
night! How'd he get his start and when
did he first show up down on this here Wall
Street? Did Newbury tell you?”

  “ I don’t believe he knows,” the doctor
replied. “ All he said was that Benkard
came to him about twelve years ago with a
small civil suit, so small that he wouldn’t
have bothered with it only the young man
brought letters of introduction from two of
his most important clients. He said that
Benkard couldn’t have been more than
thirty then, but he started right in to direct
how he wanted the case handled as though
he was giving instructions to some cheap
law clerk, and Newbury was astonished at
his shrewdness and keen insight.

  “ He made up his mind to watch him and
he was glad to take him on as a regular
client, for, though Benkard was only a spec-
ulator in a moderate way then, he came up
by leaps and bounds until soon everybody
was talking about him and trying to follow
his moves. If there was anything crooked
about his game he was smart enough to
keep Newbury from even suspecting it, and
I don’t sae how I can find out what nobody
else guessed!”

  “ Guessin’ and provin’ are two diff’runt
things,” Geoff remarked. “ I don’t know
nothin’ ’bout speckilatin’ and I never was

to that there Stock Exchange in my life,
but ain’t you acquainted with some o’ them
brokers? Seems to me I heard tell that fel-
ler Wyckoff was one, that had the old Mid-
dleton place over to the Comers two sum-
mers ago. You ’tended his children when
they was down with scarlet fever there,
didn’t you?”

  “ That’s so, I did.” The doctor took a
last pull at the stub of his cigar and then
laid it almost reverently in the saucer which
Geoff had placed at his elbow. “ I’ll run
into the city and look him up to-morrow
the first thing after I get Benkard’s body
back home. But what if he was one of the
fellows who worked in with Benkard, like
Lane?”

  “ Then o’ course he won’t give him away
on account o’ savin’ his own skin, but since
you’re askin’ me, I b’lieve I’d git from him
as much as I could ’bout some o’ the big
deals Benkard’s worked durin’ the last few
years, when he sent the stocks whoopin’ uji
and down, and the dates. After that seems
to me I’d look up the names o’ firms that
failed round those times, if they was any,
and I’d go see the heads o’ them; they’d
talk fast ’nough, likely, if they was any-
thin’ to say.” Geoff paused.

  “ Dunno ’zackly how I’d go ’bout it to
find ’em, but old newspapers would have
the ’nouncement o’ the failures in ’em, and
I’d write down the names and then mebbe
go ask round in brokers’ offices if they
knowed what had become o’ them.
Shouldn’t be s’prised if I found one or two,
like Dunn, workin’ for other folks on this
here Wall Street. It’s gamblin’, that there
business, no matter what name you call it
by, and I’ve took notice that the losers will
hang round doin’ any old odd jobs just to
see the play when once the gamblin’ fever
gits in their blood.”

  “ And I was going to send in my report
on the autopsy to the district attorney to-
morrow and wash my hands of the case!”
Dr. Hood struck his plump, rounded knee
with his fist. “ Why, I hadn’t even begun
to go into it! I’ll get a man from head-
quarters in New York to look up Lane’s
movements from the time he drove away
from Mrs. Cayley’s house last night until
he came down this morning in response to
238

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  her telephone call, and have him bring me
  his report on it, and if there is a loophole
  anywhere I’ll make Lane produce an alibi.

     “ In the meantime I’ll find out all I can
   about his and Benkard’s deals, and see
   Wyckoff and perhaps get a line on some
   other brokers or speculators who failed and
   who may hold a grudge against Benkard,
   like that fellow Dunn told about to-day
   who tried to shoot him. You heard that
   from the pantry, didn’t you?”

    “ Yes. Seems to me Dunn could tell a
  lot more if he was a mind to.”

     “I’ll bet he could, but Mrs. Cayley prob-
   ably raised old Ned with him to-day for
   talking as much as he did after I’d ques-
   tioned her about those letters, and he’ll be
   afraid to open his mouth. Still, if Lane
   can prove an alibi I may be able to dis-
   cover some one in Wall Street who’s held a
   grudge against Benkard for four and a half
   years, and who might have written those
   letters, and hetll have to prove an alibi,
   too! ”

     The doctor rose.

     “ I stopped by to-night to talk things
  over with you, Geoff, because I thought you
  might have picked up something that I
  hadn’t about this case, but I never dreamed
  for a second that you had anything up your
  sleeve as important as that quarrel and the
  threats that were exchanged between Lane
  and Benkard! Why on earth didn’t you
  come and tell me at once?”

  “ Because ’twasn’t none o’ my business,”
Geoff replied slowly. “ Wait till I light the
lantern outside so’s you can see your wray
’Jong the path to the road, doc.”

  He preceded his visitor out on the little
porch, and as the rays of the lantern
streamed forth the doctor held out his hand
to the stonemason.

   “ Well, you’ve helped an awful lot, Geoff,
and I’m mighty obliged to you. See you
to-morrow. Good night.”

  Geoff remained on the porch until he
heard the rattle of the ancient car out on
the main road. Then he extinguished the
lantern, and reentering the kitchen'he closed
the door carefully behind him. Taking
from his pocket the tobacco sack he had all
but opened in his visitor’s presence, he drew
from it the scrap of soft, resilient, black

 fabric and gazed at it reflectively for a

  long space.

 At length the injured dog in the comer
 stirred, and Geoff looked over at her.

 “ Lady,” he remarked, “ I wonder if I
 done right; if I helped.”

CHAPTER VII.

FROM OUT THE SAND.

  AT eight o’clock the next morning while
  Geoff W'as mixing concrete and whis-
  tling his monotonously unchanging
  refrain a black motor car of unmistakable
  lines drove slowly in at the gate and up to
  the front door. From where he stood be-
  side the Cayleys’ unfinished garage he could
  get a straightaway view of the main drive,
  and his whistling ceased while involuntarily
  his hand went up to the cap upon his head.
  For the last time Joseph Benkard was re-
  turning to the home of his sister.

    Then the mason shook his head stubborn-
  ly to himself, replaced the cap, and turning
  his back went deliberately on with his work.
  It was up to the family, not him, to show
  respect for their dead.

    He heard the car drive away, empty, at
  a more brisk pace, and a few minutes there-
  af ter came the sound of a second motor, the
  familiar clatter of Hank’s station jitney.
  Geoff turned once more and stood staring
  while it passed the comer of the house front,
  turned, halted, and in another moment re-
  appeared, gathering speed as it lurched
  w'ildly toward the gates.

    He caught just a glimpse of a command-
  ing figure with gray hair showing beneath
  an immaculate straw hat, and a small point-
  ed gray beard. From Doc Hood’s descrip-
  tion that could be none other than Mr.
  Newbury, the family lawyer, and he was
  evidendy in some haste to get to town.

 Geoff had bent to his task again when a
 genial voice hailed him and he looked up
 to find himself confronted by a red-haired,
 freckle-faced young man who stood with
 his hat on the back of his head and his
 hands in his pockets regarding him with an
 infectiously good-natured smile.

  “ Hello, Buddie! You the whole works
 around here?” he asked.
ABOVE SUSPICION.

239

     “ Looks like it, don’t it?”

     The answering friendliness in Geoff’s tone
   offset the bluntness of the reply, but his
   mild brown eyes narrowed slightly. Fresh
   young city feller in cheap store clothes nos-
   ing around where he had no business to be
   and asking fool question: scrape ac-
   quaintance. There could be only one expla-
   nation of his presence, and he was probably
   the forerunner of a whole crew. Geoff went
   on mixing concrete.

    “ Sure does! ” The young man balanced
  himself nonchalantly on the edge of the
  wheelbarrow. “ Been here since the job
  started?”

     “ Off and on.”

    “ Were you here yesterday morning
  when Mr. Benkard’s body was found?
  There must have been a lot of excitement
  around the place!” The young man's tone
  grew wheedling. “ Tell us about it, like a
  good fellow.”

     “ Ain’t nothin’ to tell. I didn’t see no
   excitement. Folks kept cornin’ and goin’,
   but it wasn’t none o’ my business, and that’s
   ’bout all I got time for.”

      Geoff spoke with good-humored empha-
    sis, but the other was impervious to hints.

       “ Didn’t you get a look at the body be-
     fore it was moved? What was the first you
     knew of the murder? See here, I’ll make it
     worth your while—”

      “ Young man,” Geoff straightened and
    eyed him blandly, “ the only thing that’s
    worth my while right now is to git this con-
    crete into the molds before she sets, and
    I've got to have that wheelbarrer to do it.
    Reckon you "better be goin’ on ’bout your
    business, too, whatever ’t is, or Zeke Fos-
    ter, the police lieutenant that’s cornin’ down
    the drive might mistake you for one o’ these
    here city reporter fellers, and he’s death on

*	’em.”

      “ Right-o! Thanks for the tip.” The
freckled youth slid off the barrow, grinning
cheerfully even in defeat. “ You think it
$ over, and if you’d like to talk to me when
sH1 you knock off for dinner, I’ll be down by
& that tourists’ soft-drink stand on the main
if road.”

The red head disappeared among the
trees in the direction of the hedge. Zeke
mi' Foster had gone around the other side of

the house, and Geoff resumed his piping
whistle when again a voice greeted him,
this time in low, rich, feminine tones.

   “ Good morning, Geoffrey.”

   He turned quickly, removing his cap, for
Mrs. Cayley's guest, Vera Sherwood, stood
before him. She was clad in a soft, gray
gown, and her face was colorless as marble,
but the mass of red-brown hair glowed like
molten copper in the sun.

  “ Good momin’, ma’am.” Geoff gave
her one of his rare smiles. “ I hope I ain’t
disturbin’ folks up at the house by workin’
round out here, but when I start a job I
like to git through with it.”

  “ I think most of us do.” “She smiled
faintly in reply. “ I haven’t heard any one
complain, although of course you have done
no work inside.”

   “ I puttered round a mite yestiddy fixin’
 up things here and there while the folks
 was all busy havin’ conferences, ’cause I
 reckoned the court ought to look as good’s
 it could in case there was a big funeral;
 Mis’ Cayley told me not to go on with the
 terrace yet, so I started out here in the
 afternoon.”

   His bovine eyes were fixed on her inquir-
 ingly as though anxious for commendation
 on this thoughtfulness, but she shook her
 head.

  “ There won’t be any funeral ceremony
here, I understand. Mr. Benkard’s body
is to be removed very quietly.” She
paused. “ The notoriety—Mrs. Cayley has
been much annoyed already by reporters
and curious strangers.”

   “ One o’ them there reporter fellers come
 snoopin’ round out here just now,” re-
 marked Geoff. “ Didn’t git nothin’ out o’
 me, though, ma’am; ’tain’t my business.”
 “ I know Mrs. Cayley will appreciate
 your not talking to any of them. The lo-
 cal police lieutenant has been instructed to
 keep them off the place. Oh!”

   Miss Sherwood caught herself up with a
little catch in her breath and stood staring
as though she could scarcely believe her
eyes. Geoff followed the direction of her
gaze and saw a tall athletic figure striding
toward them across the lawn. He appeared
to be a man in the early thirties, and al-
though he was a stranger, there seemed
240

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

something familiar in the smooth-shaven,
clean-cut features and eager, boyish blue
eyes which brought a vague impression to
the stonemason’s mind. It deepened to a
certainty as the newcomer neared them, and
he smiled to himself once more and then
turned and moved off out of sight.

  “Adrian!” Miss Sherwood exclaimed in
a low, agitated tone. “ I—I thought you
were in Canada!”

  “ I reached home last night. Georgette
told me of—of what had taken place out
here, and I found her all packed up and
waiting, and this morning we came out and
opened up the old Manor House at the Cor-
ners. You’ve never seen it, but Harper and
I were bom and grew up there, you know,
until we went to college.

  “ Georgette thought there might be for-
malities connected with this horrible affair
which would make it necessary for any one
who had been in the house when it hap-
pened to remain in the neighborhood for a
few days at least, and she won’t hear of
your staying on here another hour.”

  His voice was firm, but there was an un-
mistakably revealing note of tenderness in
it which told its own story. “ I’ve come to
take you home.”

  “ Now? Oh, Adrian, I couldn’t! As
the only outsider, the only guest at the time,
it is inevitable that I shall come in for a
certain share of questioning and notoriety,
and I cannot drag your sister-in-law into
it, as kind as she has been to me.”

  Real distress made the young woman’s
rich tones quiver.

  “ I must think of Mrs. Cayley, too; she
has only her daughter, a mere girl, and I
could not leave her alone in this terrible
hour after accepting her invitation to visit
her here!”

  “ I don’t see why you did!” Adrian ex-
claimed impulsively. “ You’re not an in-
timate friend of hers, and they were never
in our set in town. Oh, my dear, I am not
critici2ing your actions or your choice of
associates, but it maddens me to think of
your being connected, however remotely,
with the hideous mess and scandal this case
is bound to be before it is settled!”

  “ That is all the more reason why I
would not think of going to Georgette now;

but I fail to see why you should draw such
a conclusion, Adrian. A—a frightful trag-
edy has taken place, certainly; but why
you think a hideous scandal must ensue—”
She spoke in warningly cold accents, but
her companion was too vehemently in earn-
est to heed.

  “ Because I knew the man’s reputation!
I knew what was whispered about him on
the Street, what is being shouted now from
the housetops! Have you seen the papers
this morning? Do you know that one des-
picable yellow sheet had the audacity to
hint that you—that a possible engagement
might—”

  “Adrian!” Indignation and a sort of
shocked horror rang in her tones, but be-
fore she could speak again the cheerful re-
iteration of a whistled refrain sounded from
the rear, and Geoff marched around the cor-
ner of the garage. He hesitated in awkward
embarrassment, and his eyes traveled from
the couple standing before him to his con-
crete mixing paraphernalia as if he were
uncertain what to do.

   Miss Sherwood’s pale face flushed vivid-
ly, and she moved as though to retreat, but
her companion stood staring at the mason.

  “ Haven’t I seen you before?” he asked.
“ I mean, aren’t you a native hereabout?
I used to live near a good many years ago.”
Geoff chuckled.

  “ Reckon you’ve seen me, all right, Mr.
Middleton,” he replied. “ I was speakin’
o’ your old home only last night, at least
o’ the folks you rented it to a couple o’
year back. When you and your brother
was kids we all used to go swimmin’ down
behind the big rock—”

  “ And once when I was taken with a
cramp you fished me out and saved my
life!” Adrian Middleton advanced with
outstretched hand. “ You’re Geoffrey Pe-
ters! Good Lord, after all these years!
I’m mighty glad to see you again.”

  “ Same here, Mr. Middleton.”

  Geoff wiped his plaster-smeared hand on
his overalls and clasped the one extended
to him.

   “ I heard tell that your brother had died
four or five year ago; he was a mite older
than you or me, but I recollect him ’s if it
was yestiddy.”

                         5 A
ABOVE SUSPICION.

241

  “ Yes. His widow came down this morn-
ing to open the old house for the summer.
Miss Sherwood and she live together in
New York, you know. Just think, Vera,
we played; with each other when we were
kids!”'

  He turned to her and die smiled warmly.

  ‘‘So I gathered,” she said. “ I knew
that Geoffrey was a native here.”

  “ You’ve gone on with your fathers old
trade, I see.” Middleton glanced compre-
hensively about him and then back, to Geoff.
“ Our place needs fixing up, and my sister-
in-law will want a lot of work done. As
soon as your job here is finished, or you
can get away, if it isn't too far to the Cor-
ners—”

  “ ’Twasn’t too far when your ma used
to give treats for the village kids, and I
reckon there ain’t nobuddy I’d rather work
for now than any folks o’ yours,” Geoff re-
sponded. u Dunno how soon I kin git away
here, but whenever the contractor sends out
a new gang o’ bis own. men I’ll go over and
see what Mrs. Harper Middleton wants
done.”

  “ Fine! You’ll find Miss Sherwood
there, too, and I’ll probably be down. Miss
Sherwood is coming home to-day.”

  The last remark was obviously intended
for the benefit of the young woman, but
she shook her head, smiling wanly.

  “ Not so long as Mrs. Cayley needs me
here, Adrian.”

  She spoke with a finality which brooked
no denial, and turned to the house and
Middleton prepared to follow.

  “ Don’t forget, Geoffrey, as soon as you
can leave here! That old place of ours will
keep you busy for the rest erf the summer!,l

  He strode off, and the mason stood gaz-
ing after them with a soft light glowing
deep in his eyes until they had mounted the
terrace steps and disappeared within. Then
in an absent-minded fashion he returned to
his work once more; but he whistled no
longer, and the concrete molds filled slowly.

  No two-faced Letty appeared to offer en-
ticing refreshments at noon, and Geoff con-
sumed his dinner in peace under the shade
of a near-by tree, then wandered down to-
ward the boathouse. It struck him as odd
that he had caught no glimpse of young
6 A

Rupert Ashe hanging about the place, and
it occurred to him that the boy might be
waiting at the last rendezvous in the hope
of being able to communicate with Mildred

Cayley.

  The place was silent and deserted, how-
ever, and he had started to retrace his step>s
when on the farther side of the boathouse,
high up on the strip of beach near where it
merged into a growth of rank, coarse grasses
a tiny heap of driftwood piled up as no
steamer’s backwash would have left it met
his eye. He sauntered over to it and idly
kicked the sticks and bits of board aside,
to find beneath them a low mound of sand
no bigger than his two hands, but packed
down tightly as though something had been
buried there.

  Curious, he knelt and began to dig, but
a few scoops with the flat piece of wood
which he had picked up to serve as a shovel
brought to light that which made him sit
back on his heels with a gasp of surprise.
It was just a soft wad of some glossy, black
fabric, but when he finally pulled it out
and unrolled it a gaping rent appeared in
its surface, a jagged tear into which that
scrap in his tobacco sack at home would
have fitted with nice exactitude.

   Geoff stuffed it inside his shirt, and glan-
cing around him, he rose, scuffing the sand
about until the shallowr hole was complete-
ly filled. There was a look of stern gravity
on his face as he strode hastily along the
back path which would lead out behind the
garage. There was an expression almost o£
pain in his kindly eyes, but his jaw was set
resolutely. When he reached his destina-
tion he took up his work again doggedly,
ignoring the unsightly bulge on his chest
beneath the coarse shirt.

  Well on toward the middle of the after-
noon a smart sedan rolled up the driveway
to the house front with a sedate chauffeur
in dark livery behind the wheel. Geoff
could not discern whether it carried one or
more passengers, and in a few minutes it
departed in the direction of the village.

   If it were seeking Jake’s service station,
and the public garage adjoining, the indi-
cations were that the new arrival or arriv-
als intended to remain, but the solitary
worker did not go near the house. It was
242

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

    none of 'his business, and moreover curi-
    osity had led him into assuming enough re-
    sponsibility for one day.

      He continued his labors uninterruptedly
    until the six o’clock whistles blew, but Dr.
    Hood did not put in an appearance, and
    at last he made everything shipshape for
    his return the following morning, and start-
    ed for home. A few yards beyond the
    gates, however, the medical examiner’s dis-.
    reputable little car came in sight, and Geoff
    waited until it had pulled up beside him.

      “Phew! I’ve had a day of it, Geoff!”
    the doctor exclaimed. “ How’s everything
    been going up there?”

     He nodded toward the Cayley estate,
   and Geoff responded:

      “ Dunno, doc. I ain’t been up to the
  house at all, but -worked steady on the ga-
  rage. Zeke Foster didn’t come a nigh me,
  he was busy keeping folks off the place that
  hadn't no business to be there, but one
  slipped past him and tackled me—a young
  reporter feller from the city. I got shut o’
  him quick, though, and then that lady visi-
  tor, Miss Sherwood, come along and stopped
  to say 1 good mornin’.’ Real pleasant-
  spoken, she is, with no more airs than if
  she’d been livin’ here to the Cove all her
  life. Have you talked with her?”

    “ I saw her for a few minutes yesterday--
  just long enough to have her corroborate
  Mrs. Cayley’s story of how they all spent
  the evening before the murder. She didn’t
  hear anything during the night, she said,
  and only knew what had happened when
  Letty came up to break the news to Mrs.
  Cayley. Miss Sherwood’s a mighty hand-
  some young woman,” the doctor comment-
  ed. “ Was she the only one of the house-
  hold you had any conversation with, Geoff?
  What’s become of Sergeant Eliot?”

  “ Ain’t laid eyes on him all day, nor on
any o’ the folks from the house except Miss
Sherwood; but while she was talkin’ to me
a fine-lookin’ city feller come to see her,
and who do you s’pose ’twas?”

  Geoff described the meeting with Adrian
Middleton and their mutual recognition;
also the conversation which he had over-
heard from the rear of the garage. The
doctor listened attentively until its conclu-
sion. Then he remarked:

        “ I read that article in the paper hinting
     at what it called ‘ a budding romance be-
     tween the financier and a charming society
     girl who is reported to be a guest at his sis-
     ter’s home, where the murder took place.’
     That was all; it didn’t mention her name
     there, but an earlier paragraph had given
     a list of every one known to have been in
     the house at the approximate time of the
     tragedy, so it might as well have come out
     with it. Middleton seemed pretty indig-
     nant about it, from what you say—jealous,
     eh?”

        “ Kinder looks more to me ’s if he hated
     the idee o’ a friend gittin’ in the scandal.”
     Geoff pushed back his cap and scratched his
     head reflectively. “ There’s one thing sure;
     he didn’t have no use for Benkard. Did
     you find that feller Wyckoff and git any no-
     tion from him ’bout how Benkard and Lane
     have been workin’ their deals, doc; and was
     there any failures ’long ’bout the time they
     made any big killin's?”

     “ I found Wyckoff,” Dr. Hood replied
  slowly, and a certain grim expression came
  over his round, genial countenance. “ He
  isn’t a member of the Stock Exchange any
  more; he’s clerking in another brokerage
  house, and :his children, who used to run
  wild and as happy as the day was long over
  the old Middleton place, are cooped up in
  a Bronx flat. Benkard ruined him.”

     “ Land o’ Liberty! ” Geoff’s jaw dropped
  and his habitual drawl vanished. “ To
  think we should ’a’ picked out him to go to!
  When did it happen? Was Lane mixed up
  in it?”

    “ No. It was just after that summer
  down here. Wyckoffs not like Dunn; he’s
  a fighter, and if there had been anything
  illegal about the business Benkard would
  have been behind the bars now instead of
  in his coffin. It was worse, Geoff; it was
  an abuse of friendship!

     “ Wyckoff trusted him, accepted his tips,
 passed them on to his customers and found
 himself all at once on the wrong side of the
 market. Then the crash came. That was
 Benkard’s secret of success; to win the con-
 fidence of a lot of the less important brok
 ers who catered to small speculators by let
 ting them know in advance the truth about
 what he and his crowd was going to do, and
ABOVE SUSPICION.

243

i

4

\\

a

cr

“I

;ei

ce$

.o-

B

>

rafr

)K'

iSK'

jiff

IE'-'
d **
SB*

i;

of course they would follow his lead and
make money for a time. Then, without
warning, he would betray them and wipe
them out! And the law couldn’t touch
him!”

  “ I ain’t s’prised none,” observed Geoff
dryly. “ Kinder had the opinion Benkard
was that sort o’ feller. But if it happened
once you wouldn’t ’a’ thought anybuddy
would trust him so’s he could work it
again.”

  “ That’s the worst of it; no one believes
the man who fails, they think he’s just a
poor loser and try in’ to put the responsi-
bility on somebody else!”

  The doctor’s voice was stem.

  “ I got the names of two other firms
Wyckoff says went under because of Ben-
kard, but I couldn’t locate the heads of
them. Robbins & Boone, one was, and
Lang & Lacey. I got enough from Wyck-
off, anyway, about the past. He told me
a funny thing, too, that I can’t just fit in
with the rest of it; until about a year ago
Lane and Benkard were bitter enemies; not
personal ones, but in their trading. For
years each has been trying to push the other
to the wall, and then all of a sudden—no-
body knows how nor why—they got to-
gether, and they’ve been hand in glove ever
since.

  “ If they’re doing anything actually
crooked, I couldn’t get a line on it. Wyck-
off sent me to another broker who might
know, but I had to wait until after the mar-
ket dosed to see him, and then he either
couldn't or wouldn’t talk. I tried to look
up some other folks Wyckoff told me about,
and that’s what kept me so late, but they
were out of town.”

  “ ’Tain’t my business, but if ’twas I
reckon I’d like to know what made Ben-
kard and Lane filfcndly after fightin’ each
other for so long. Tain’t in human nater
onless there’s somethin’ back o’ it.”

  Geoff rested one of his capacious feet on
the running board.

  “ Did you git anybuddy to find out 'bout
what Lane did after he driv’ away madder’n
a wet hen on the night o’ the murder?”

  “ Yes. I stopped in at police headquar-
ters and they put a man on it for me,” re-
plied the doctor. “ He’s driving out in a
car to meet me around eleven to-night down
by the picnic grove. Want to come along?
You were the first to get an idea that Lane
might have come back night before last,
and I’d be glad to have your opinion.”

  “ ’S long as you ask me, I’d kinder like
to hear what he has to say. ’Course he
needn’t to know, doc, that I’m just workin’
round the place and ain’t got nothin’ to do
with your case.”

  Geoff paused, and he did not see the fat
little doctor smile to himself in the gather-
ing dusk. He added suddenly: “ That law-
yer feller, Newbury, went to town right
after the body was brought back this morn-
ing.”

  “ He took the same train I did, but he
didn’t see me!” Dr. Hood chuckled. “ I
was careful to keep out of his sight, and
when we got to the city I trailed him!
First time in all my experience I ever tried
that, but it wasn’t so hard, because he
wasn’t suspecting anything. You were
right, Geoff, though how you figured it out
from just a hint of that Letty’s beats me!
Where do you think he went? Straight to
O’Hare’s Private Detective Agency!”

TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK.

V

iac?

tit

a ’■*.

vt-

i0t>

THE EYEWITNESS

            By CURTIS BENTON
will be our Complete Novelette next week, an unusually absorbing
tale of crime detection by an author who has already registered
success with his short stories.
 By WILLIAM J. FLYNN,

 Former Chief, United States Secret Service,

 and GEORGE BARTON.

 IV.—THE PERSISTENCE OF PERCIVAL JAYNE.

THE mystery surrounding the Hodge
case might never have been dis-
pelled if it had not been for the
persistence of Percival Jayne, the younger
member of the banking firm of Hodge &
Jayne. He it was who followed every step
in the solution of the puzzle with a fasci-
nated interest that was almost sordid in its
intensity. It brought out an unexpected
side of his character. In the small world
of finance Jayne was noted for his thor-
oughness in getting to the heart of a prob-

lem. In the early stages of the Hodge
tragedy it was felt that he was urged on
and on by this same characteristic.

  The thing that upset so many well-
ordered lives happened late in the afternoon
of the last day of the then old year. Perci-
val Jayne had an appointment to meet
Hodge at the country home of the banker
at Hedgewater. They were closing up the
business, and the venerable man had made
all arrangements for turning over his share
in the business to the young financier.

The first story of this series appeared in the Argosy-Allstory Weekly for October 28.

244	*
THE ADVENTURES OF PEABODY SMITH,

245

  It was to be a gift—a New Year’s pres-
ent well worth receiving. Jayne arrived
precisely at the hour appointed—four thir-
ty in the afternoon. He pressed the electric
button with a smile on his lips, and the
door was opened by the butler, who burst
into tears at sight of his visitor.

  “ Why, Ambrose,” exclaimed Jayne,
“ what in the world is the matter?”

  The answer came in one expressive and
dramatic sentence:

  “ Mr. Hodge has been murdered—he’s
lying dead on the floor of the sun room! ”
Percival Jayne acted with promptness
and decision. He asked for no details; he
did not even pause to look at the body,
but, going to the long-distance telephone,
he summoned Peabody Smith, the famous
investigator, late of the United States Se-
cret Service, and now retired after years of
fine service. Peabody had once run down
a bond theft for the banking firm, and he
was acquainted with Hodge, and the young
partner begged him to come down to
Hedgewater on the score of friendship. He
hesitated for the fraction of a minute, but
ended by accepting, and promised to hurry
down on the next train. And when that
train pulled in at the quiet rural town he
was the first man to alight.

  It was an agitated Percival Jayne who
poured his tale into the ears of Peabody
Smith as they rode the short distance be-
tween the railway station and the country
home of the dead banker. The young
financier was haggard and distracted; there
were dark lines under his big black eyes,
and his well-manicured hands trembled.

  The veteran detective was calm, cool and
collected. He looked more like a retired
business man than a professional thief
catcher, and the red carnation in his but-
tonhole and the opal in the old-rose tie
gave him a debonair appearance that just
escaped the suspicion of rakishness.

  “ But, Jayne,” he protested, “ you have
the local police down here. What was the
big idea in dragging me out of my well-
earned retirement?”

  “ Because you knew the old man,” was
  the fervent reply, u and because you are
  the one man that can solve the mystery.
  The chief of police is at the bouse already,

but I want you because I’m sure you will
leave no stone unturned.”

  The car turned into a graveled driveway,
and the two men found themselves in the

portico of the Hodge homestead. The
shadow of death was visible on every side.
It was paraded in the expression of the
solemn-faced butler who admitted them,
and in the drawn shades in all of the win-
dows. Peabody and Jayne walked rapidly
through the corridors to the officelike addi-
tion at the far side of the house. Two ob-
jects informed the detective that he was
at the scene of the crime. The first was
the silent form under a white sheet in the
corner of the room; the second was a red-
faced, fidgety, very-much-alive individual
who came to meet them.

  “ Hello, Kelly!” exclaimed Peabody. “ I
see that you are on the job.”

  The chief of police of Hedgewater nod-
ded stiffly.

  “Yes,” he growled; “keeping it warm
and getting ready to play second fiddle to
you.”

  The detective conjured up his most en-
gaging smile.

  “ I’m just a friend of the family,” he
said soothingly and with gentlemanly men-
dacity. “ It’s your case, Kelly, and I only
ask the privilege of helping to the extent of
my ability.”

  The official vanity was appeased. The
local dignitary thawed out at once. “ I’m
really glad to have you, Mr. Smith. I got
here ten minutes after the body w'as found,
and not a thing in the room has been dis-
turbed. I heard you’d been called in, and
I thought you’d like to start your own way.
Besides,” with a grin, “ if I haven’t done
anything you can’t accuse me of pullin’ any
bones.”

  Jayne asked to be excused, and as he
did so Peabody Smith got down on one
knee and lifted the sheet from the body.
Samuel Hodge looked more impressive in
death than he had in life. The face, rigid
now, seemed as though it had been carved
by a sculptor. With practical swiftness the
detective took in every detail of the inani-
mate form. An ugly bruise on the left
side of the temple indicated that it had
been struck with some hard substance.
246

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

     Smith, pausing for a moment, looked
   about him. The room was in disorder, as
   though a struggle had preceded death. The
   drawer of a roll-topped desk was slightly
   open.

     “ What do you make of it?” he asked
   his colleague.

      Chief Kelly reflectively rubbed the palm
    of his brawny hand across his broad, blue-
    black chin.

      “ Burglary,” he said finally. “ You’ll
   notice that the glass window in that door-
   way has been smashed. Besides, four hun-
   dred dollars have been taken from that
   drawer.”

     “ How do you know?”

     “ Because Jayne tells me the old man
   cashed a check for that amount in order
   to make presents to-morrow. He kept his
   money in that drawer. It’s all gone now.”

       “ I see,” said Smith assentingly, but still
    keeping his eyes on the prostrate form on
    the floor.

     What he saw was an expensive diamond
 pin in the tie of the dead man, and a hand-
 some gold watch chain hanging from the
 pocket of his waistcoat. If robbery was
 the motive, how did it come that the mur-
 derer had left valuables that could be had
 for the taking?

   Presently the detective arose and made
 a second survey of the room. He gave a
 particular scrutiny to the floor. Not a
 square inch of it escaped his keen eyes.
 The net result of his search was two ragged
 bits of parchmentlike paper—the sort of
 paper that is used in legal documents. He
 deposited them carefully in his large wallet,
 and placed that in turn in the breast pocket
 of his coat. Kelly watched the perform-
 ance curiously.

   “ Blank pieces of paper,” he comment-
 ed disdainfully.

“ They are not to be despised, chief,”
retorted the detective. “ Y'ou must not
forget that the greatest war in the world’s
history was caused by contempt for what
was called a ‘ scrap of paper.’ ”

 “ War isn’t the same as murder.”

 “ I should say that it was murder on a
wholesale scale. But that’s neither here
nor there. Tell me, who are the people in
the house?”

       “ Well,” said Kelly, “ there is Miss Al-
      len, Hodge’s niece; Ambrose Berrello, the
      butler; Mrs. Harkins, the housekeeper; and
      Jim Moody, the chauffeur. Mrs. Harkins
      was out when the thing happened, and
      Moody was fired this morning.”

       “ Have you talked with any of them?”

        “ Yes, and their stories all agree. Hodge
    was alone in this room for a long while,
    going over business matters. At twenty
    minutes after four the butler was passing
    and looked in and found the old man on
    the floor.”

       Peabody Smith was not yet through with
    the officelike apartment in which Samuel
    Hodge had been killed. He moved rapidly
    around the sparsely furnished room. There
    was a roll-topped desk against the wall, and
    in front of it a swivel chair. The desk was
    closed and the chair had evidently been
    thrown out of place. If there had been a
    struggle, it must have been brief. There
    were two windows looking out on the lawn,
    and a doorway containing two large panes
    of glass. One of these panes had been
    broken. Smith got down on his hands and
    knees and minutely examined the shattered
    glass.

     Kelly watched him closely.

      “ That’s how the fellow got in,” declared
  the Hedge water man. “ When he smashed
  the pane of glass it gave him the chance
  to put his hand through the window and
  open the door.”

    “ That sounds reasonable,” agreed Smith,
  but he still remained on the floor examining
  the broken glass with fascinated interest.

    The door was closed. After a while the
  detective opened it and, going outside,
  stooped down and closely scrutinized the
  ground. It seemed as though he would
  never finish the examination. Kelly was
  visibly restless. He could not understand
  why the detective should spend so much
  time on an obvious thing. But, as he ner-
  vously paced to and fro, he made a discov-
  ery that caused him to shout with joy.

    “ Look out there! ” he cried with ill-
  concealed impatience, pointing to the snow-
  covered ground.

    “ What is it?” asked Smith with a foolish
 grin.

    “ Footprints!” exclaimed Kelly. “ Foot-
THE ADVENTURES OF PEABODY SMITH.

247

prints all the way from the house to the
garage.”

  it was as he said. A light snow had
fallen that morning, and the telltale marks
were there with a distinctness that could
not be overlooked by the most obtuse de-
tector of crime. Smith did not ignore them.
On the contrary, he gave them the most
careful attention. They were large foot-
prints, and the center of each one was filled
with little lines. The snow had been slight-
ly stained with mud, but in spite of that
the tiny crisscross marks were perfectly vis-
ible.

  Smith followed them slowly until they
reached to the very door of the garage. He
went into the little frame building, but
found nothing unusual there. A door on
the other side opened out on to a graveled
path, and beyond this the snow-covered
lawn sloped down to the river bank. The
path, which led in a circular direction to
the house, was barren of snow. The tiny
flakes had evidently melted as fast as they
fell on the stones.

  The detective returned to the officelike
room in a reflective frame of mind, but as
he entered he paused once again to examine
the broken glass.

  Half an hour later he was gently ques-
tioning May Allen, the niece of the dead
man. She was a frail little body, apparent-
ly all but crushed by the awful tragedy
that had suddenly entered her life. She
sat in a great upholstered chair, her blue
eyes fastened on the detective, trying hard
to compose her feelings and intelligently
answer his questions.

  “ Miss Alien,” began Peabody in the
low voice with which one might address
a little child, “ do you know whether Mr.
Hodge had any enemies in this part of the
country?”

  “ I don’t think he had an enemy in the
world,” she answered with a pathetic show
of spirit. “ Everybody in this house loved
him, and he was liked by all the neigh-
bors.”

  “ Has anything happened lately that
might lead to this—to this tragedy?”

  “ Not to my knowledge,” she answered.
“ We have all been talking lately about
robberies in the neighborhood. There have

been a number of holdups and crimes of
that kind.”

  Smith paused for a while, then resinned
quietly:

  “I am told that Moody, the chauffeur,
was dismissed this morning. Do you know
why?”

  “ He was not dismissed. He was laid off
for the winter. That was an odd notion of
uncle’s. Heretofore he has kept him all
the year round. But you know he was re-
tiring from business this year, and he prob-
ably thought it an unnecessary expense, as
he used the car very little during the win-
ter.”

  “ Has Moody been with your uncle
long?”

  “ About ten years.”

  “ How did he take his—lay-off?”

  Miss Allen hesitated a moment before
replying. When she spoke it was in a re-
luctant manner. “ Very badly, I am sorry
to say. He complained, saying that he Mas
being badly treated after all of his years
of faithful service. Uncle answered him
shortly, and then Moody became abusive.”
“Did he make threats?”

  “ Yes,” she answered in her subdued
manner. “ He threatened to get even.”

  At this stage in the examination Percival
Jayne entered the room, still very pale, but
more composed than when he had greeted
Peabody at the station.

  The detecdve called to him. “ Mr.
Jayne,” he said, “ I suppose you can give
us a good description of Moody, the chauf-
feur?”

  “ Certainly—but I'm afraid you’re wast-
ing time in going after him. Moody had
his faults, but he would never be guilty of
anything like this.”

  “ Maybe not, but kindly give the descrip-
tion to Chief Kelly there, and he will know
what to do with it.”

  The head of the police stepped aside and
listened to the description given him by the
banker. Five minutes later he was on the
telephone, talking to the metropolitan po-
lice. Before the hour had struck, the police
of two hundred cities were combing their
districts in the effort to locate the dismissed
chauffeur.

  Mrs. Harkins, the housekeeper, was next
248

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  placed on the grill, but every time she
 spoke, as has been said of an eminent
 statesman, she subtracted from the sum of
 human knowledge. Mrs. Harkins wept
 constantly and wrung her hands, and rocked
 to and fro. and persisted in telling of the
 effect the tragedy had on her nervous sys-
 tem. She was mortally offended when she
 she was asked to “ keep to the point,”
 because she felt that the chief purpose of
 the inquiry' must be to ascertain the state
 of her personal feelings. Smith dropped
 her with a sigh of relief, and called for
 Ambrose Berrello, the butler.

    Berrello was a man with a smooth-shaven
 face, and coal-black eyes that smoldered in
 their sockets beneath a pair of bushy eye-
 brows. He was a perfect type of the well-
 trained servant, with his emotions well un-
 der control. Yet his slightest movement
 was expressive. The rolling of those won-
 derful eyes spoke volumes, and the merest
 shrug of his broad shoulders conveyed
 endless possibilities. He talked fluently,
 clearly, but always with the air of one who
 answers all questions fully without volun-
 teering information.

   Yes, he was bom and raised in Italy:
 likewise it was true that he was connected
 with patriotic organizations in that coun-
 try: nor did he deny that he was affiliated
 with certain secret societies in the L'nited
 States. But he had always tried to do his
 duty toward Mr. Hodge. He said that he
 had passed the little room about four
 o'clock, and noticed his employer engaged
 in going over some papers. He was posi-
 tive that Mr. Hodge was alone in the of-
 fice at ten minutes after four, because he
 had looked at his watch at the time. At
 twenty minutes after four he discovered his
 employer lying dead on the floor.

   Xow, Ambrose,” said Peabody, " did
 you notice anything in particular about the
 appearance of the room when you passed
 the first time?”

  The Italian was silent for some moments.
 The first time.” he commented thought-
 fully, " the lid of the desk was open, and
 the last time it was closed."

  “ Well,” remarked the detective. “ the
 only significance about that might have
 been that Mr. Hodge, having completed his

business, might have naturallv closed bis

desk.”

  The mention of the desk suggested the
desirability of examining its contents. The
key was missing, and could not be found.
Without any ceremony it was broken open.
Everything was found in order, indicating
the careful habits of the owner. On the
blotter was a sheet of legal paper. It was
signed and witnessed, and it transferred Mr.
Hodge’s interest in his banking business to
Percival Jayne, without any consideration
whatever, and as a reward of years of faith-
ful service.

  That practically closed the case for the
dav.

II.

  It was at the earnest invitation of Per-
cival Jayne that Smith remained at the
Hedgewater house overnight. The two men
sat up late, and it was while they were
smoking their final cigar that the young
financier asked the detective what progress
he had made.

  He was told of the various discoveries,
and, for the first time, a smile of satisfac-
tion appeared upon his haggard face. " I
knew you’d get down to it.” he said. “ It
seems to me you’ve got a complete case
already.”

  “ It's far from complete—and. besides,
we haven't got the man yet.”

  Ja\Tie nodded comprehendingly. “ That
is true. Are there ever cases where they
fail to get the man?”

  “ Well.” said Smith cautiously. " I have
heard of such cases."

  The young man paused to light his cigar,
which had gone out. When he spoke again
it was in a challenging tone of voice. “If
that be true, what becomes of the conten-
tion that murder will out?”

  " I hardly know.” confessed the detec-
tive slowly, " but I suppose in some way.
and at some time, every- crime is discov-
ered.”

  *• I don’t believe it,” was the sharp re-
joinder. " In my opinion that is simply
an old copybook maxim that will not bear
analysis. It's like that ancient theory of
the victim's blood flowing when the body is
touched by the assassin. That's rank su-
THE ADVENTURES OF PEABODY SMITH.

249

perstition, and nobody takes any stock in
it nowadays. But even yet some people are
fooled by the science of deduction and such
nonsense.”

  Smith was surprised at the earnestness of
the attack. He smiled at Percival Jayne.
“ And in the face of all this you call on
me to solve the mvsterv of Samuel Hodge’s
death?”

  “ Well,” exclaimed the young man, “ you
are on trial as far as this case is concerned!
You have not one but several clews. Will
you solve the mystery?”

  “ Time will tell,” grinned the old man.

  “ Maybe it will,” replied the skeptic.
“ But Pm sure of one thing: if you don’t
discover the murderer, no other man will.”

  Smith rose to prepare to retire. “ Per-
cival,” he said gravely, “ that’s the nicest
thing you’ve said to-night, and I believe
you mean every word of it.”

III.

  Shortly after breakfast the next morn-
ing Kelly returned to the house in a state
of great excitement. The river tide, just
below the Hodge home, had washed up a
pair of muddy rubber shoes. The local
policeman carried them to Smith wrapped
in a newspaper. He turned them over to
the detective with pride glowing from his
eyes.

  “ They may mean nothing,” he said, “ or
they may mean everything. It’s up to you

to say.”

  Peabody Smith was intently interested
in this new exhibit. He cautioned his fel-
low worker to keep the news of the dis-
covery from every one in the house, and,
at the same time, contrived to get several
pairs of old shoes belonging to the various
members of the household.

  The next proceeding was to compare the
shoes of Ambrose Berrello with the strange
rubbers. It was found that the rubber
would not go over the butler’s shoe. The
one was at least two sizes larger than the
other. The final test was in the garage.
The footgear of the chauffeur was tested.
His shoes were so big that it would have
been a physical impossibility to have cov-
ered them with the rubbers.

  “ Well,” sighed Smith, “ we’ll have to
compare the rubbers with the footprints
between the house and the garage.”

  The policeman and the detective started
at the work in a more or less perfunctory
manner; but they had not gone far when
both experienced the thrill that comes with
the discovery of a clew. The rubbers fitted
precisely into the footprints. More than
that, the rough soles of the rubbers pro-
duced exactly the kind of crisscross marks
that had been found on the snow'-covered
lawn.

  Smith and Kelly looked at one another
significantly.

  “We’re getting warmer!” exclaimed the
Hedgewater man with a smile that threat-
ened to extend from ear to ear.

  “ Wre’re certainly fairly warm for such a
cold day,” agreed the detective as he rose
from the ground.

  While they were talking the door of the
house opened, and Miss Allen came out
on the lawn.

  Smith walked over to meet her, holding
the odd bit of evidence behind him. “ Miss
Allen,” he said gently, “ I do not want to
startle you, but would like you to give me
some information.”

  “ I’ll be glad to tell you all I know,”
she replied with a slight catch in her %'oice.

  The detective produced the rubbers and
held them in front of the girl with some-
thing like a dramatic flourish. “ Did you
ever see these shoes before?” he asked.

  She leaned over and scrutinized the mud-
dy rubbers very attentively.

  The tears came to her eyes. “ They—
they are the rubbers that were worn by
Mr. Hodge. He kept them in his little
office almost constantly.”

  “ You are certain?”

  “ Positive,” was the reply. “ I could not
mistake them. We often laughed at Uncle
Samuel for wearing such old-fashioned
things.”

  “ That is all, Miss Allen,” said the de-
tective. “ We will not trouble you any fur-
ther.”

  Five minutes later Smith and Kelly were
alone in the officelike room. They stared
at one another in silence for many mo-
ments.
250

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  “ Well,” exclaimed the policeman impa-
tiently, “ I thought you would be pleased!
What’s the matter?”

  “ Matter enough!” ejaculated Smith.
“ We’ve discovered something, but it leaves
me more puzzled than ever.”

  “ Why?” asked the other blankly.

  “ Can’t you see? They are undoubtedly
the rubbers that made the marks on the
snow. But how could they have been worn
by Hodge? How could a dead man walk
from the house to the garage?”

  “ I don’t know,” was the feeble reply,
“ unless he walked across the lawn before
he was killed.”

  “ Walked, fiddlesticks! And even if he
did, how is it that they found themselves
in the river? Hodge was not the kind of
man to throw away his belongings; he was
too careful for that. Thrift was his middle
name, and, as you see, these rubbers are
not worn out. We’ve found something
new, but all it has done is to thicken the
plot.”

  A telephone call prevented further dis-
cussion of that point. It brought impor-
tant information. Jim Moody, the chauf-
feur, had been arrested and was being
brought to Hedgewater. He arrived half
an hour later in the custody of a plain-
clothes man from the city. He was a young
man with traces of dissipation on a rather
good-looking face. Smith brought him into
the death chamber and proceeded to cross-
examine him.

  “ You were dismissed yesterday morn-
ing,” said the detective, “ and before you
quit the house you talked to Mr. Hodge in
a threatening manner.”

  “ That is true,” was the frightened re-
sponse, “ but I didn’t mean anything by
it. I’m sorry, because Mr. Hodge treated
me decently, and I wouldn’t harm him for
the world. I was in a rage at the time, but
what I said was just hot air.”

  “ But you see the position it places you
in now?”

  “I do, but I’ll swear that I hadn’t any-
thing to do with his death.”

  “ Moody, I’m going to ask you a ques-
tion, and I want a truthful answer. Did
you leave the premises at once, or did you
linger around here?”

  The chauffeur hesitated a moment, then
he threw out his hands impulsively and ex-
claimed:

  “ I stayed—I didn’t leave until the half
past four train!”

  Chief Kelly almost bounded from his
chair at this admission, but Smith remained
perfectly quiet. A smile played around his
lips.

  “ That’s right—I want the truth. Where
were you most of the time?”

  “ I was in the garage. I slept for a time
and then began to pack my things.”

  “ Did you see any one else around the
garage while you were there?”

  14 Yes. Some time after four o’clock
some one came out of the house and passed
through the garage and went out of the
door leading to the river bank. I was
sleeping at the time, but I got up and
looked out and saw him walking along the
graveled path.”

  “ Did you get a look at his face?”

  “ I did not. All I know is that he wore
a gray overcoat and that be seemed very
much agitated.”

  “ Would you know the overcoat if you
happened to see it again?”

  “ I think I would.”

  “That’s all,” exclaimed the detective,
with a note of victory in his voice. “ I
think we have every link in the chain com-
pleted. Kelly, if you will call all the
household together in the drawing-room we
will present them with the results of our
investigation.”

  It was an expectant group that gathered
a few minutes later. Mrs. Harkins, the
housekeeper, aggressively dominated the
scene, and beside her stood Miss Allen, still
grieving and half frightened at the dra-
matic aspect of the meeting. Percival
Jayne occupied the fringe of the little
tableau, and just behind him were Ambrose
Berrello, the butler, and Jim Moody, the
chauffeur.

  The darkness of the rooms was only par-
tially relieved by a few candles in brackets
on the sides of the walls. It was pictur-
esque, but under the circumstances it gave
most of the actors a creepy feeling. Pea-
body Smith appeared with something of
the air of a conjurer about to take a rabbit
THE ADVENTURES OF PEABODY SMITH.

251

out of a hat. But before the exhibition
opened the detective did a strange thing.
He turned to Kelly and whispered to him
in a stage voice that could be distinctly
heard by every one.

  “ Chief,” he said, “ after a while I wish
you would go up to the second story front
room and bring me down a seal ring that I
left on the bureau.”

 As he said these words he melted into
the darkness, and, unobserved, gained a
back stairway and almost ran into the bed-
room. He slipped into a half-opened closet
and watched. He did not have long to
wait. Presently the door opened, and a
man crept into the room, walking on tiptoe.
He moved over to the bureau and began
nervously pawing the articles that stood
there.

  Evidently he did not find what he want-
ed. because he turned to the drawers of
the mahogany stand and opened them one
after another. All of this did not take
more than a minute, and when he left the
room the bowed head and sagging shoul-
ders spelled disappointment as plainly as
though he had shouted it at the top of his
voice.

 Peabody Smith managed to get back to
the drawing-room before the mysterious one
had resumed his place in the circle. Clear-
ing his throat, he said:

 “ Fm going to try and reproduce the
scene that took place here yesterday af-
ternoon, and I'll do it as briefly as possible.
At four o'clock Samuel Hodge was alone
in his little office, going over some papers
preparatory to meeting Percival Jayne, to
whom he was to turn over his business, as
most of you know.

  “ Mrs. Harkins and Miss Allen were out;
Ambrose Berrello was taking his afternoon
siesta in his room in the attic; and Jim
Moody was asleep in the garage. Now,
most of you are acquainted with many of
the details of this story, and if I make any
errors I want to be corrected.

  “ About fifteen minutes after four some
one rang the doorbell, and Hodge answered
it The caller had business with him, and
was escorted into the little office. There
was a dispute between them, a struggle,
and the visitor struck Samuel Hodge a vio-

lent blow on the temple—a blow that killed
him. It was not premeditated, but it was
a murder, just the same. Terrified by the
tragedy, he did not know what to do at
first.

  “ But he recovered quickly, and then
came the instinct of self-preservation, and
he began to cover up his tracks. His first
move was to add to the disorder of the
room. He would make it appear as though
a burglar had entered and killed Hodge for
his money.

  “To give color to this, he abstracted
four hundred dollars in bank notes from
the drawer of the desk, but he made the
error of permitting the diamond stickpin
and the watch and chain to remain on the
body of his victim.

  “ He pulled down the lid of the desk, and
then, most realistic move of all, he smashed
the pane of glass of the door leading into
the room from the garden. That might
have been enough for any ordinary person,
but this murderer was no ordinary person.
He had the dramatic instinct in a high
degree.

  “ It was necessary for him to leave the
house. He noticed a pair of rubbers on
the floor. Why not depart by the back
door, as a burglar would, and, at the same
time, leave a series of footprints on the
snow-covered ground to confuse astute in-
vestigators?

  “ He did this, and he walked through the
garage without, as he thought, disturbing
Moody, who was asleep in the loft. He
threw the rubbers into the river, then glided
away by the graveled path, which failed to
photograph his real footprints.”

  Percival Jayne, who had listened to this
recital with distended eyes and white face,
gave a nervous laugh. “ That is a very
interesting story, but—but you haven’t got
your man.”

  “Oh, yes, I have!” retorted Peabody
Smith, with a confident toss of his head.
“ He’s in this room at this minute!”

  “ And his name—”

  “ His name,” exclaimed the detective,
pointing a long finger directly at the speak-
er, “ is Percival Jayne!”

  The look on the man's face was terrify-
ing. Everybody in the room instinctively
252

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

drew away from him as though he were
some loathsome thing.

  He laughed shrilly. “ You’re—you’re a
poor humorist, Smith,” he mumbled. “ It
has been distinctly proven that I reached
the house after the murder and was admit-
ted by the butler.”

  “ Yes,” admitted the detective, “ and you
came to the front door by way of the grav-
eled path—the path that you thought would
tell no tales.”

  “ But the motive!” shouted Jayne.
u What motive could I have had for such
a thing? I was to get the business, and
the paper you found on the desk transferred
it to me.”

  Smith nodded thoughtfully.

  “ A point well taken, but it can be ex-
plained quickly. Hodge found that you
had been systematically robbing the firm.
The discovery changed all of his plans. He
told you he was going to destroy the trans-
fer papers and have you arrested besides.
You struggled with him to get possession
of the paper. Two fragments of the docu-
ment were torn off. Then you struck him
on the temple with your seal ring, and he
fell dead.”

  “ How can you prove that fantastic
story?”

  “ I have here two pieces of parchment
paper that I found on the floor. They
exactly fit the document which you after-
ward laid inside the desk for me to discover
later.”

  Jayne’s face was horribly distorted, and
the cold sweat stood out on his brow.
“ Even if this wild story is true, it does not
make me the man.”

  The detective turned to the chauffeur,
who had been listening with wide-open
eyes.

  “ Moody, you remember that coat. Do
you see anything like it in this room?”

  “ Yes,” was the instant reply. “ The
coat that Mr. Jayne is wearing is the one
that I saw on the man yesterday after-
noon! ”

  Jayne made one last attempt to wriggle
out of the net of facts which was slowly but
surely enmeshing him.

  “ Ladies and gentlemen,” he said halting-
ly, “ we—we must use reason. Is it rea-

sonable that I should bring this man down
here if I had been guilty of this crime? I—
I ask you, is it reasonable?”

  Before any one could answer, Peabody

Smith made reply:

  “ That was your fatal blunder, and you
owe it to your own vanity. You thought
you had established a perfect alibi. You
are not the first crook who has made that
mistake. You felt that it would put the
finishing touch on your work if you would
boldly come to me and ask me to find the
murderer. That, you imagined, would be
the final step in utterly throwing suspicion
from you.”

   “ It’s a lie! ” shouted the distracted man.
“ It’s all a lie 1 I didn’t do it! I tell you
I didn’t do it!”

   The detective stared at him out of his re-
morseless steel-gray eyes.

  “ If you were innocent,” demanded
Smith, “ why did you run upstairs when I
told Kelly to get the seal ring on the bu-
reau?”

  “ But there was no ring on the bureau.”
“ Certainly not. That was all a bluff to
clinch my case. I knew the guilty man
would attempt to recover possession of that
bit of evidence. It was the weapon—if
we may call a ring a weapon—with which
the crime was committed.’’

   “ I hid the ring,” unconsciously confessed
the culprit, “ and I could not find it.”

  “ You’re telling the truth at last,” tri-
umphantly exclaimed the detective. “ You
knew that the wound on Hodge’s temple
would correspond exactly with the seal on
your ring. And you hid it! But there
was something else that you couldn’t hide.”
“ What—what was that?” shivered Per-
cival Jayne.

  Smith grasped his trembling hand. He
pointed to the third finger.

  “ It was that bluish mark around your
finger where the ring had been worn. It’s
as plain as the nose on your face. It made
the ring conspicuous by its absence. And
you couldn’t hide that scratch on the back
of your hand you made when you smashed
the pane of glass.”

  It was after Jayne had collapsed and
confessed that Chief Kelly asked Peabody
Smith how he got his first clew.
IMMORTAL FRAUDS.

253

K

  “ It was the broken pane of glass,” said
Peabody. “ The whole drama was well
staged. Everything pointed to burglary
until I examined that broken glass, and
then, like a flash, I realized that it was an
inside job.

  “ The fragments of the glass were all on

the lawn, and not in the room. That was
proof positive that the pane of glass had
been smashed by some one in the office. It
was the one false move in the building of
the perfect alibi—but it is that trifle that
wTill send Percival Jayne to the electric
chair.”

Next Week: “ THE ROBINSON RUBIES.”

V	V	XJ

IMMORTAL FRAUDS CAREEM%U^^TUMONGER

By CAPTAIN HORATIO WRAGGE

NO goldsmith in the fifteenth century seemed quite so enterprising or so rich as a certain Herr
Fust. He was always inquiring into the merits of any new thing that came along and invest-
ing his money in it. His home was in the German city of Mentz but about the year 1453 he
turned up in the city of Paris and sought an interview with the king.

    Fust's object, as explained by himself, was to exhibit a copy of the Latin Bible, beautifully
engrossed by an amanuensis of rare skill. The initial letter of each chapter heading was done in red
with ornamentation of perfect taste and yet intricate.

    Having impressed the clergy with the importance of his manuscript, Fust succeeded at last in
gaining an audience of the king, whose eye was sufficiently trained to detect the beauty of this Bible.
The usual price of such a treasure was fifteen hundred crowns, but in view of his esteem for his
majesty, the goldsmith offered to sell it for only seven hundred crowns. The king dosed at once
with so eligible an offer. The money was paid to Fust, who set out on his return to Mentz.

How the Manuscript Monger Hoaxed the King.

    On the following morning the archbishop arrived in some haste at the palace. He wanted to show
the king a Latin Bible he had bought only the day before. It was beautifully done in what seemed
the usual fashion of the monkish scribes, except that the initials, worked in red, revealed perfect
artistry and infinite pains. The king looked in wonder at the archbishop’s treasure.

    “ But I have one,” said his majesty, “ just like it.”

    This the archbishop could not believe, whereupon the king had Fust’s Bible brought into his
study. The archbishop was dumfounded when he examined the work. It was in all respects an
cxact duplicate of the one he had brought himself for the king’s inspection. The monarch and the
prelate spent some half an hour in comparing the pair of books. They were alike not only in every
turn and angle of each letter but also in the marks of punctuation. The archbishop explained that
he had paid some five hundred crowns for the Bible, a price much below that which prevailed in
those days for a copy of the book of books.

    “Who sold this to you?” asked the king. “ I got mine from a goldsmith named Fust who hails
from Mentz.”	X

“The very man who sold me my copy!” cried the prelate. “What can this mean?”

   The king and the archbishop exhausted every conjecture for a considerable time. The
art of printing being unknown to either of them, and the books, upon further inspection, proving
exact duplicates in every page, the only possible explanation of the mystery must be that Fust was a
wizard.

Accused of Spilling Human Blood.

    The theory seemed so plausible that the king felt convinced on another point. The red initial
letters must have been done in human blood. This implied that Fust had been involved in the
nrnrder of various children whose sanguinary deaths were agitating the city just then. The only
thing to do was to get hold of this man Fust. He had left Paris, but he had not taken the slightest
precaution to conceal his identity or his movements and in a few days he was captured within a few
miles of the frontier.

    In the meantime other copies of this Bible began to turn up. Comparison showed that they
were all alike, even to the position of certain letters at the end of a line. The proof of wizardry
'"as thus overwhelming.

    Fust, when thrown into a cell, denied empliatically that any magic was kt the bottom of the
wizardry. He insisted that he was not concerned in the death of anybody and that the red was
254

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY

good and real ink. His protestations were in vain. Brought back to Paris, he was duly charged
w’ith being a wizard, and the book was shown to the men of the robe,” who passed judgment
upon offenders of this sort. His offense was all the more heinous because his black magic had been
employed upon the word of God.

    There was every prospect that Fust would be consigned to the flames when he announced that
he would make a full confession. A notjary was summoned to his cell. He was sworn in the
presence of various witnesses. The Bible, he said, had been “ imprinted ” by movable ** types,”
as he called them, and these types had been cut out of smjall pieces of metal, a letter to each piece
ot metal. After they were correctly set, the metal types received a smearing of ink and the face
of the types was pressed against a sheet of manuscript paper by means of a contrivance worked
with a screw.

    At first the court officials were inclined to think the man from Mentz was practicing some new
deception. Investigation revealed that this Fust had met a man named Gutenberg in Mentz. This
Gutenberg arrived in town with the secret of a mysterious art he had already practised in
Strasburg. The evidence showed that Gutenberg could “ take the pages from the presses and by
removing two screws, thoroughly separate them—the letters—from one another, so that no man
rjaay know what it is.” This seemed to the king, when duly reported to his majesty, as	a

kind of magic as anything yet charged against Fust, but the archbishop, being an enlightened
man and a friend of learning', was greatly impressed by the importance of the new art.

    “ But why,” asked the king, “ did the man pretend that he had a beautiful manuscript worked
by a scribe such as never Kved yet?”

    “Ah, sire,” said the archbishop, “this fellow has been tricky so long that he cannot go
straight though God’s book be in his hand.”

    Fust was accordingly permitted to go back to Mentz where he devoted himself to the art of
printing, promising a rich reward to any of his workmen who would invent an important improve-
ment. This spurred the zeal of a youth named Peter Schoeffer, who devised a matrix by means
of which type could be cast instead of being cut laboriously. Fust absorbed his employe’s idea
greedily, and when the youth asked for the rich reward, the goldsmith said: “ You shall marry my
daughter.” The youth was by no means delighted at the prospect, but he had to be satisfied and
the wedding bells were soon heard all over the town. For the rest of his life Fust boasted that he
had got rid of his daughter on the most advantageous terms and his wife would exclaim in
vexation at his notorious avarice and hard bargains: “This printing is certainly the devil’s
own art!”

rx	xj	u	n

TO EVERY MOOD

                      GOMETIMES the heath’s amist,

                                And veiled, ■wraith-visions spell
                             The hidden lake. Sometimes
                             The stars retire, and in the night
                             The muffled drums of fear
                             Burden our hearts.

                           These are the interludes
                           When faith conspires with
                           Memoried yesterdays, and hope,

                          In clarion call—

                        Beckons the dawn.

                          Ofttimes the heath’s aglow.

                           And patterned with a scroll of living flowers.

                          The teasing fingers of the wind
                          Stir the lake to rippling laughter, and
                          The fifes of happiness blow sweetly low
                          'Midst the reeds of the marsh.

                           These are the interludes
                           Wrhen hearts afire
                           Garner God’s mirth.

                            These are the interludes,

                          Guardian of the morrow.

                                                                   Leslie Ramdn.
 By BOICE DUBOIS

       CHAPTER IX.

      THE HOLE IN THE WALL.

" 1\ /I me ^ere an ^our from now,”
|\/| was Bruce’s parting word of in-

  1	» JL struction to Bailey as he took the
unlighted lantern and tucked it under his
arm.

  Upon reaching the alley he paused to as-
sure himself that he was unobserved. To-
ward the river he saw the slouching figure of
a late pedestrian, who emerged for the mo-
ment in a flood of light at the next crossing.
This and the muffled crack of a patrolman’s
night stick against the flagstones, over in the
swamp, were the only evidences of life, or
movement.

  The first thing he did was to traverse the
length of the alley for the purpose of learn-
ing whether there was a door at the other
end.

  Carefully feeling his way in the dark-
ness he found that there was one. It opened
into a small court, and as it was no part
of his program to attract undue attention
from the rear, he closed it.

  A moment later the blackness melted as
a flood of light from his lantern touched
the grim walls around him. One quick
glance was sufficient. Bruce knew that he
had discovered another trick entrance to the
former gambling house.

  It was far from being secretive—just a
plain, shallow doorway that had been cut
into the wall on the Cracker Pot side. In
fact, Bruce found it disappointing. At the
same time he could understand how valu-
able an exit of this kind must have been to
the nimble-fingered gentry who devised it,
offering, as it did, two avenues of escape;
one direct to the street, and the other by
way of the rear tenements.

Thit ttory began in th« Argoty-Allstory Weekly for November 4.

255
256

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  With mind alert to any one of a dozen
possibilities, or disappointments, Bruce tried
the door.

   It opened without any effort, swung out
into the alley, dean and free.

   “ A bit of luck,’’ he chuckled, pleased at
the thought of gaining an entrance without
detection by some chance prowler of the
night, who might make use of the alley, in
order to reach his apartments.

   The sweep of the door was the full width
of the narrow alley and the act of opening
it compelled Bruce to step back. Hence—
his surprise—upon moving forward and di-
recting the light of his lantern into the sup-
posed opening, to find his way blocked by
a solid wall. It was a wall of lathe and
plaster, as if some one had pushed the side
of a room to within a foot of the door.

   As he stood, glaring at the unexpected ob-
struction, his eye was attracted by a care-
fully rolled object that lay in the small
opening at the foot of the wall.

   It was a white coat, such as bartenders
wear.

   Instantly Bruce appreciated the signifi-
cance of his find. The coat belonged to
Emile. Connors’s bartender had made his
escape during the melee by way of this
secret exit. In a hazy sort of way. Bruce
remembered having seen the twinkle of a
white coat at the rear of the dance hall
following the arrival of the juggling sailor
and his motley crew. He had speculated,
more or less, as to what happened to Emile
after the police forced their way into the
Cracker Pot, but this was the first evidence
of his escape.

   The white coat would have made him too
conspicuous by far. and once having gained
the seclusion of the alley, be undoubtedly
hastened to discard it.

   Repressing a desire to search the pockets
for any telltale bit of evidence that would
prove to be of value in helping to solve the
Cracker Pot mystery. Bruce placed the coat
on his arm and renewed his mind to the task
at hand.

  Stepping back a few feet toward the
street Bruce made a mental calculation as to
the distance of the opening from the front

of the building.

  His conclusion was that the door was

  directly behind the refrigerator in Connors’s
  back room.

   Then, like a flash, it dawned upon him
  that the obstructing wall was the back of
  the refrigerator. It had been lathed and
  plastered: all of which, to any one who
  might have chanced upon it. would convey
  the impression that it was an abandoned
  entrance.

   Bruce, however, was not to be diverted
  by the mere looks of things. He placed his
  shoulder against the wall.

   It moved!

   He gave an exclamation of delight, and
 as if waiting for the magic word, it gave
 wav, opening like a hinged door.

    A second later he was in Connors’s back
 room.

   Even as he turned to inspect the clever
 device the big refrigerator—for such it was
 —noiselessly swung back and completely
 closed the doorway.

   As Bruce gazed in silent admiration at
 the cleverness with which the heavy refrig-
 erator had been employed to divert atten-.
 tion from the door that led into the alley,
 it dawned upon him that Connors’s disap-
 pearance was now explained.

   Now he understood why it had all been
 so baffling to Bailey and himself that first
 night.

    Standing in the alley, with the door open,
 and the refrigerator pushed aside, it had
 been a very simple matter for the ruffians
 to overpower Connors as he lifted his arm
 to light the gas. Bruce also now under-
 stood why they had failed to find any trace
 of their mode of entry. Then again the
 speed with which they had spirited their
 captive to the waiting carriage was no long-
 er a mystery.

    Distressing as the night ordeal had been.
 Bruce was conscious of an exhilaration of
 spirit. The stimulus of success was surging
 within him. Why not follow his pledge of
 loyalty to the end? Was he under less ob-
 ligation to Connors now than when be ac-
 knowledged the man’s right to call upon him
 for assistance?

  There were other reasons why be should
 exert one last effort. Connors alone could
 unravel the snarl of dark motives that
 swirled about the Cracker Pot, and Bruce

                          6	A
CRAFTY

 was now convinced that tremendous inter-
 ests were involved.

   CLince. or late, had tossed him into a
 seething caldron of riot and disorder. Plot
 seemed to overlay plot, and behind it all
 hovered the shadow of something big. He
 had lilted to the gage of battle. He had
 stretched his muscles, under the joy of
 physical conflict, and the primitive man
 within him called for more.

   Besides that a feminine enigma had be-
 come enmeshed within the tangled skein of
 mystery. Saint or siren—he knew not
 which; in fact, at the moment cared not.
 Just now he was satisfied to believe that it
 was the psychology of the thing that lured
 him on.

   It is ever thus that men delude them-
sdves. for with grim visage and menacing
frown Bruce told himself that Connors must
be found.

   Fate, who knows a thing or two. chuckled
 and echoed the name “ Connors " with a ris-
 ing inflection, accompanied. by a sardonic
 grin.

 Conscience likewise returned to speak a
 few kind words: “ And how about Joie the

 Jug?”

How strange! Bruce had almost for-
gotten him—and it was for this he had
forced an entrance.

Picking his way through the jumble of
broken fixtures that littered the dance hall.
Bruce nude his way to the piatform.

 One look was sufficient to proclaim the
 fact that the door leading to the stone cham-
 ber was not in the same position as when
 he had left it.

Some one had climbed up through the
opening, or down into the room below.

 He lowered his light, so that it would be
 possible to scan the interior of the chamber.
 Joie was not there.

The discovery occasioned no surprise.

 On the contrary—he experienced a feeling
 of relief. Whatever might develop in the
 future, his present obligation had been dis-
 charged.

Retracing his steps through the dance
hail be entered the bar.

 If anything, the wreck and carnage here
 w*s greater than in the dance hall; an in-
 discriminate tangle of splintered furniture
 7 A

’ ROGUES.	257

   and fixtures. Even the ancient bar had
   been tom from its fastenings.

   Gazing at the prostrate symbol of Emile's
 strenuous profession. Bruce suddenly re-
 membered that the bartender’s coat hung
 over his arm.

  Instinctively, he went through the
pockets.

   They were empty, except for a bit of
printed cardboard.

   Holding it nearer the light Bruce saw
that it was a ferry ticket—one that had
been issued by the Hoboken Ferry Com-
pany.

   The next moment Bruce was all attention.

   " Pass one vehicle,’’ was the line that ar-
 rested his attention.

   What had Emile to do with the passing
of one vehicle over the Hoboken ferry?

  Then came the question: “ Would an
ordinary' carriage be classified as a vehicle?’’
If so, had Emile purchased this ticket
for the purpose of passing the carriage in
which Connors had been kidnaped, over
the Hoboken ferry?

   It was quite true that all this was dis-
 counted by the fact that the ticket had not
 been used, but this did not detract from the
 major discovery that a ticket of this kind
 had been in Emile's possession. Emile was
 no hack driver.

   Having made the discovery that Emile
was aware of the secret passage, and had
recent]}- made use of it—that very niuht—
why not assume th3t he had been a factor
in the arrangement of those details which
provided for the quick removal of Con-
nors. once he was out of the Cracker Pot?

   Bruce gave his fixed attention to the bit
 of printed pasteboard. There was a number
 on it.

   B45J.47*.

   His blood quickened as he considered the
 possible value of his discovery.

   Suppose the ferry company could tell him
 what day and hour that ticket had been
 sold? What if it proved to be Saturday
 night—the night on which Connors had
 been kidnaped?

   A counter thought followed. Hundreds
of vehicles must have crossed that ferry on
the night in question.

   This in turn was balanced by two facts.
258

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

either one of which might have a strong
bearing on the problem.

  The first had to do with the weather
conditions that night. On account of the
fog, fewer vehicles would have crossed—
the night having been one of almost im-
penetrable blackness.

  The second important fact, not to be
overlooked, was that the carriage would
have reached the ferry about three thirty in
the morning, an hour at which fewer public
conveyances are in evidence.

  With the firm conviction that a discovery
had been made which would ultimately
prove to be worthy of his best effort, Bruce
now sought the street.

  Looking at his watch he found that his
appointment with Bailey was a full half
hour overdue.

  It was five o’clock in the morning, and
the granite towers of the Brooklyn Bridge
were blocking their huge bulk against the
pink tints of an eastern sky.

  The big city was just thrusting its feet
out of bed and legions of work-a-day citi-
zens would soon be on the march.

  All of which argued that while it was
one thing to travel about at night with a
giant negress stowed away in a public coach,
it was quite another affair to continue the
parade in broad daylight.

  It likewise began to dawn on Bruce that
his fat woman was fast becoming a “ white
elephant.”

  Nearing the section of the block where
he had requested Bailey to meet him, Bruce
saw that the carriage was drawn up to the
curb, and some one was blanketing the
horses.

  To his surprise, upon closer approach, he
found that it was Bailey.

  “ It is both creditable and humane of
you to show so much solicitude for another
man’s property,” was Bruce’s comment as
he came up behind Bailey; “ but where is
the owner of this outfit?”

  There was a note of fatalism in Bailey’s
voice as he turned to reply to the question.

  “ Right here,” he answered, tapping him-
self on the chest. “ I’m the owner.”

 “You!” gasped Bruce. “You—the
owner?”

  “ That’s wbat I said.”

  “ I don't understand.”

  “ You will, all right, when I explain.”
Then as if the process of explanation re-
quired special emphasis Bailey hitched up
one shoulder, pushed back his hat, and ex-
tended his right hand, as a convenient base,
upon which to thump his left.

  “ I had to buy this whole blooming out-
fit,” he proclaimed.

  “ Had to buy it?” questioned Bruce.

  “ Yes, sir—had to put up two hundred
and seventy-five dollars, or take to the side-
walk with our fat lady friend.”

  “ I don’t grasp it—what happened?”

  “ Everything happened. First of all, the
hackman got nervous prostration. It was
this way: after you left us he began to
circle the block, and had made something
like seven times around the arena, when a
wise patrolman stepped out from a dark
doorway and asked: ‘ What’s the idea?
Runnin’ a merry-go-round, or suthin’ like
that?’ That settled our lease and tenure on
Doyle’s licensed hack. ‘ Take her out,’ he
bawled, just as soon as we made the next
corner. ‘ Wha’d’ you think I’m running—
a rest cure?’ Say, Bruce, I had an awful
time. He threatened to drive to the nearest
police station and have me arrested. It end-
ed by my purchasing the full equipment.”
“ Splendid,” exclaimed Bruce. “ Now
we can wTork out our plans without inter-
ference.”

  “ Whose plans?” asked Bailey.

  “ Ours—I have made a discovery that I
think will help to clean up the entire mys-
tery.”

  “ Well, if it is not going to distress you
too much, do you mind telling me where I
blend in on these plans of ours?”

  “ Certainly—for the next three or four
hours you are going to do the ferries. You
are going to ride over to Jersey City—then
turn around and ride back. After that you
repeat.”

  With arms folded and legs widely thrust
apart, Bailey stared at Bruce.

  “ Me?” he questioned. “ I'm going to do
all this?”

  “ Certainly.”

  “ Of course being a clergyman, Bruce,
you don’t know a thing about a certain
celluloid dog that chased an asbestos cat.
CRAFTY ROGUES.

259

but you have got as much chance to get
me to do this as that dog had -to catch that
cat. Listen, Bruce, I wouldn’t be left alone
another half hour with this outfit and
what’s inside of it for all the money in the
world.”

  Bailey had reached over and taken Bruce
by his lapels.

  “ I'm not going to get any credit for it,
Bruce, but from now on I’m your little Ruth
and Xaomi. Where you go—I go. And
here’s another thing. As long as I have
made an investment of two seventy-five in
this thing, why not call a meeting of the
board of directors? It’s going to relieve my
mind a whole lot to find out what’s back
of this joy-riding on the ferryboats for the
next few hours.”

  “ It’s simple enough. We have got to
keep moving. There isn’t a plsffe in New
York where we would dare to take this
negress. For safety’s sake, you bought this
antiquated outfit and for the same reason
we have got to keep on the move with it.
Now, my idea is this: if you work the fer-
ries it will be easy for the horses and lessen
your chances of being held up by some in-
quisitive policeman. In the meantime I
will probably have acquired the information

I	am after. It is five thirty now. Give me
until noon. At that hour I will meet you
any place you say.”

  “ Get it right, Bruce; get it right! You
won’t have to meet me—I’ll be with you.
Every time the clock strikes, between this
and noon, I'll be right where you can take
me by the hand, I will.”

  Bailey’s persistency annoyed Bruce. He
could think of but one argument. It was
a weak one, at that, and he knew it.

  “ Suppose she wakes up,” he spluttered,

II	what then?”

  “ She isn’t going to wake up—don’t
worry about that.”

  .\s if to confirm his statement Bailey
  opened the door of the coach.

  “Listen to the beautiful sawmill,” he
  chuckled with a grin.

   “ It is vulgarly primitive to say the least,
   hut tell me—in addition to her snoring—
   ’■'bat is the noise I hear?”

  " That,” said Bailey, “ is the vibration
  of a loose slat in the roof of the coach. You

know—in harmony with the lady’s respira-
tory organs.”

  “ I’ll admit that the lady slumbers,” said
Bruce, “ but why so much assurance that
she will continue to do so?”

  “ Because I know7. You don’t suppose
that I would go frollicking with chance on
anything so serious as the possibilities of
her waking up, do you? No, sir—I know
whereof I speak. Here—look at these.”
He held out a small phial to Bruce, who
took it and read the label, “ Sleeping tab-
lets—sugar-coated—one every hour.”

  “ What are you going to do?” asked
Bruce. “ Wake her up every hour, so she
can take one?”

“ I should say not. I got her loaded
with enough of them to last for eight hours.”
“ I hope it will be all right,” said Bruce
rather doubtfully. “ At any rate, it is time
we moved.”

“ Just a minute, Bruce. I want to ask a
question. Am I a regular member of the
board of directors, or just a plain dummy?”
“ You are regular,” replied Bruce with a
laugh.

  “ All right—then the board asks for some
information about this recent discovery that
you have made and what you intend to do.”
Thereupon Bruce related all that had
been disclosed by his visit to the Cracker
Pot.

  It was quite evident that Bailey was not
impressed by Bruce’s report.

  “ Well—what do you think of it?” Bruce
finally asked.

  “ Inasmuch as we have been friends for
so many years, I’d rather be excused from
telling you the truth,” was Bailey’s re-
sponse.

  “ Don’t let a little thing like friendship
embarrass you,” said Bruce.

  “ Oh, very well, in that case I wTant to
say that of all the hair-brained, loose-con-
structed, wind-flapping ideas this is the
worst.”

  “ Then you will not stand by—and see it
through?” questioned Bruce.

  “ Certainly I will! You need a guardian,
and I am going to stick. Where do you
want me to go?”

  “ The Hoboken ferry,” replied Bruce,
climbing to Bailey’s side.
260

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

 “ Hoboken ferry,” repeated Bailey as he
 pulled the decrepit steeds about face for the
 ferry in question.

CHAPTER X.

     AT THE FOOT OF KING’S BLUFF.

 THE Hoboken ferry was at the foot of
 Barclay Street; distant about a half
 mile, and upon their arrival, Bruce
 sought the gateman’s booth, which occupied
 the customary “ isle of safety ” just inside
 the gates.

 The door was opened by a pipe-smoking
 nautical of phlegmatic mien. As he braced
 his pea-jacketed shoulder against the door
 post his attitude was “ Ship ahoy!”

 “ Can you tell me on what date your com-
 pany sold this ticket?” asked Bruce, pro-
 ducing the bit of pasteboard found in
 Emile’s pocket.

 The stolid gateman consulted a book on
 his desk.

 “ Last Saturday.”

 “ Which side of the river—Hoboken or
 New York?”

 “ New York—this office.”

 “ At what hour?”

 “ Couldn’t tell you—probably in the
 afternoon.”

    'Where can I find the man who was
 on duty at this gate Saturday night?”

 “ You are talking to him.”

 “ Do you recall the weather that night?”
 “ Do you mean the fog?”

 “ Yes.”

 For answer the gateman nodded in the
 affirmative.

 “ Was the travel very heavy?” continued
 Bruce.

 “ No—we only ran one boat after twelve
 o’clock.”

“ What was the name of that boat?”

 “ The James Rumsey. She’s in the slip
 now.”

 “ Are the same deckhands aboard now
 that were on duty Saturday night?”

 “ Same crew. What is it you want to
 know?”

 “ Information about a carriage that may
 have crossed early Sunday morning.”.

“ You ought to be able to get it, We

only made two trips between one and five
in the morning. Better move lively if you
want to board her. She lays up this trip
over, and the captain will signal for closed
gates in a minute. Ask for Johnny Dar-
ington.”

  There was no time to return to the street
and hold a consultation with Bailey over
the advisability of his remaining on the
New York side until Bruce returned, and it
was a question whether he would consent to
any such arrangements, therefore Bruce sig-
naled him to drive in.

  Once aboard he lost no time in looking
up the deckhand who answered to the name
of Darington, a middle-aged, salty-looking
sea dog, even though his foreign voyages
were confined to the Hoboken port.

  “ Were you on this boat when she made
her runs last Sunday morning?”

  “ Not runs, mister—we bumped our way
across. Visiting—that’s what we were do-
ing early Sunday morning. We hit every-
thing afloat, and made social calls at every
pier on the river. Suffering mackerel—
what a night!”

  “ I understand that you only made two
trips after one o’clock. Is that correct?”

  “ Right, mister—and those were about
six too many.”

  “ If a carriage crossed at that hour of
the morning would you be apt to remember
it?”

  “ Not if things went in their regular way
—we carry too many of them, but on Sun-
day morning, yes. There was one on the
last trip, and Shad Roe Martin drove it.”

  “ Do you know him?”

  “ So to speak, yes. Everybody does over
in Hudson County.

“ On that last trip of ours he had four
life preservers on—all at the same time, and
whenever the old Rumsey kissed the end of
a pier, he was ready to jump into the river.”
“ Do you know who was with him?”

  For the first time the deckhand became
suspicious.

  “ Say, mister—what are you—a detec-
tive?”

  “ No, I am just an ordinary citizen in
search of a gang of scoundrels, and any
legitimate information you can give me is
going to be of great service.”
CRAFTY ROGUES.

261

  “ Scoundrels is right. Shad Roe would
be uneasy in any other company. You have
got about all I can give you in the wav of
information. That carriage was bunched
with the usual nin of milk trucks and ex-
press wagons that go to Hoboken even’
morning, and they sure kept to themselves,
even with all the excitement. But one thing
I’ll gamble oh. Whoever his pals were—
they came from the morgue.”

  “ From the morgue?” questioned Bruce,
in surprise.

  “ Yes that’s a section of the river front
on the Jersey shore opposite Thirty-Fourth
Street : a regular nest of dock rats and river
pirates. Shad Roe just naturally fits in with
them, on account of his business.”

  “ What is his occupation?” asked Bruce.

  “ Shad fishing. His nets are generally
set in the river just above Christopher
Street. That’s where he gets his name.”

  “ This place you call the morgue—how
can I reach it?”

 “ By going north through Hoboken—
then you cross the Eleysian Fields, and con-
tinue on the Bull’s Ferry Road.”

  A few minor directions followed before
the boat reached its slip on the New Jersey
side of the Hudson, and about an hour
later Bruce and Bailey reached the section
to which they had been directed.

  The Bull’s Fern- Road on which they
were driving was lifting to make its way
upward and northward through a natural
ravine to the top of the Palisades. To con-
tinue in that direction would take them
away from the river. To their right was a
narrow lane, which evidently led to the
water front. It likewise seemed to be the
only way of reaching the foot of that
shaggy, rock-bound cliff, known as “ King’s
Bluff a bold, defiant crag, which marks
the last stand of the Palisades to the south.

  As the deckhand’s final instructions had
been to locate this striking landmark as a
means of reaching the morgue, Bruce now
directed Bailey to drive into the lane.

  A clump of trees about one hundred yards
hevond the main road offered a convenient
stopping place, and here they halted.

  “ Now what?” questioned Bailey.

  “ 111 give you one guess.” was Bruce
de Lisle’s reply.

  “ You want me to remain here until you

reconnoiter?”

   “ Yes. ”

   Before answering Bailey carefully opened
the door of the carriage and peeped in.

   “ Liable to wake up anv minute,” he said.
   “ How do you know?”

  “ Low pressure. No more pep. Last
time I listened, just before driving on the
ferry, she was going strong enough to cut
a California redwood.”

  “ I do not see how anything human could
negotiate a more violent sequence of
snores than she is delivering just now,” re-
plied Bruce.

“ That’s because you have no ear for ma-
chinery. She’s running down, I tell you.
The slat in the roof has stopped vibrating.”
“ Don’t you think she is good for another
hour?”

   “ Possibly.”

  “ Will you chance it?”

  A good-natured grin of concession was
spreading over Bailey’s face.

   “ Just because you ask it, I’ll say * yes,’
but, honest, Bruce, for butterfly chasing,
this trip is the worst I ever knew. Con-
nors was kidnaped in a carriage, and a
carriage crossed over a ferry, and—
Heavens, man, it’s a rainbow!”

  Bruce was visibly impressed by the ban-
tering criticism of his friend. He wavered.

   “ Very well, I’ll bargain with you,” say-
ing which he took out his watch. “ If I do
not return in one hour’s time with some evi-
dence of the fact that we are working in
the right direction we will go back to New
York and turn the negress over to Captain
Wallers. Then we will sell the outfit, square
accounts, and go home.”

  “ Giddap,” chirped Bailey as he picked
up the reins in an attempt to galvanize the
weary old steeds into a semblance of action.
“ Hold on—what are you going to do?”
“ Turn ’em around so we will be all ready
to say those few sad words of ‘ fare-thee-
well ’ to Hoboken.”

  Five minutes later Bruce rounded the
foot of King’s Bluff and started north over
that historic strip of Weehawken shore line,
which witnessed the tragic death of Alexan-
der Hamilton; the Palisades on one side—
the placid Hudson on the other.
262

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  Writh all—the woods; tall timber clinging
to the scanty soil amid the bowlders; stand-
ing almost as they did when the crack of
Aaron Burr’s pistol echoed among the cliffs.

  To the right, facing New York, was the
shallow cove, which Bruce knew was the
morgue; the grave of many a superannu-
ated canal boat; Mary Janes and Alice
Anns that had drawn their last watery
breath in the valley of the Hudson.

  Here and there an ancient keel, with
splintered ribs, lifted from the black mud
and a short distance from the shore were
several of the more sturdy wrecks, some of
which had retained their superstructure,
even though their backs were bent.

  Among them was an ice barge with a tell-
tale sag amidship. In deck space it might
have served as a good-sized dance hall, ex-
cept for the disadvantage of hill-climbing,
which would have had to accompany a
waltz, fore or aft.

  Bruce scrutinized this more habitable old
craft carefully. Some one had made it
snug—evidently a landsman, as two win-
dows facing the shore proclaimed work-
manship other than that of a ship’s carpen-
ter.

  A short length of stove pipe, projecting
through the one story roof, gave convinc-
ing proof of a tenant, or tenants, and from
this makeshift chimney a drift of smoke was
lifting.

  A jumpy sort of footpath made its
crooked way to what was either the bow,
or the front stoop of this mud-anchored
craft. It was a rickety bridge of stray ship’s
timber that touched here and there a half-
submerged deck, or sunken spar, as if anx-
ious to avoid a ducking.

  Out in the channel, beyond the shallow
confines of the canal boat morgue, Bruce
saw a nondescript collection of shipping: a
whale back, several coal barges, and a tramp
steamer.	»

  East and north of these was a battle
cruiser riding at 'anchor, and it passed
through his mind that this was some visit-
ing war craft from foreign waters. Of one
thing he was certain—it was not a United
States vessel.

  Taking note of the general scene before
him., Bruce realized how little it had to do

with the object of his visit and an over-
whelming sense of defeat settled upon him.

  His hour had expired, or nearly so. Of
what good was ten minutes? That was all
he had to his credit before going back to
keep his word with Bailey.

  Retracing the shore path, his attention
was drawn to a small boat which was round-
ing the stern of the tramp steamer.

  It was making for the shore, and Bruce
decided to wait.

  A few minutes later he saw that there
were two men at the oars.

  There was a grassy knoll just behind him,
and Bruce seated himself there to watch the
approaching boat.

  Upon second thought he decided to se-
crete himself behind a near-by clump of
bushes.

  As the small boat nosed the beach he saw
that the men were foreigners. Both were
dark-skinned, and from the ears of one he
caught the glint of brass, or gold.

  “ Earrings,” he mused.

  Bruce likewise noted the ease with which
they handled their boat. It was not the
work of landlubbers. These men were of
the sea.

  The next moment Bruce had the surprise
of his life, for these seamen carefully lifted
from the bottom of their boat the strange-
looking chest that Eddie Carbon had risked
so much to save when he climbed back into
the stone chamber from the underground
passage beneath the Cracker Pot!

   Then Bruce saw one of the sailors lift the
chest to his shoulder and carefully pick
his way over the footpath to the ice barge.
Then he disappeared within.

  “ Where did these men come from?” was
the question now in Bruce’s mind.

  As if to answer his own question he
looked toward the tramp steamer—the place
where they first came into view as they
rounded the stern of the vessel.

  For a second he was confused. The
grouping of the ships out in the channel
were not the same as before.

  Then it dawned upon him. The tramp
steamer was moving upstream. He won-
dered if these men had been dropped from
her deck before weighing anchor.

  Another hasty glance, and Bruce gasped
CRAFTY ROGUES.

263

in surprise. He began to understand. The
steamer—in the position he had first seen
it—had completely hidden a rakish-looking
schooner that lay at anchor just beyond it.

  His blood quickened at the thought which
followed.

  “ Was this Captain Jake’s schooncr?”

  No—that could hardly be possible, as the
captain was supposed to have laid his course
for Boston.

  W7ait—his vision was becoming clearer,
his mind quicker. It was Emile who had
informed Connors that Captain Jake had
gone to Boston—Emile who had been in-
strumental in making way with Connors!

  He saw it all now. The conspiracy from
the first had been to get Connors out of
the way. To have him leave the Cracker
Pot on one pretext or another. When the
Boston lure failed they deliberately kid-
naped him.

  But why?

  Bruce strained at the question. Then he
thought tiiat he had found the answer.

  The scheme—in part—had been to re-
move Connors so that the sailors might be
free to raid the Cracker Pot during his ab-
sence.

  But the motive for this—what was it?

  The answer to this question also came.
The motive was to secure the negress.

  A moment later Bruce gave up the prob-
lem as he saw the fallacy of his reasoning;
saw the absurdity of concluding that Cap-
tain Jake would bring the negress from the
Congo--secrete her in the Cracker Pot, and
then deliberately plan to have some one raid
the place for the purpose of capturing her.

  Nevertheless, a dozen facts fitted this
theory, however unreasonable it might seem.

  All might be made clear if this prime
motive could be revealed, but just now there
were things of greater importance to work
on.

  This black-looking schooner, out in the
Hudson—did it belong to Captain Jake or
some other skipper?

  A final question now swept through
Bruce’s mind.

  Had Connors been made a captive on
Captain Jake’s schooner? Was he moving
in the right direction, after all?

  Once more he checked up his evidence.

The carriage that had spirited Connors
away—the chance finding of the ferry ticket
—the vehicle that had been driven by Shad
Roe Martin, who came from the morgue—
the location of the latter—and now, the pos-
sibility of this being Captain Jake’s
schooner.

  The very lane in which he had left Bailey
seemed to add a link in the chain of evi-
dence inasmuch as it led direct to the shore.

  Having reached this narrow country road,
he hurried forward, literally touching the
high spots only.

  A turn of the road brought the tree under
which he had left Bailey into view.

  Driver, coach, and horses had disap-
peared.

  It was undignified, but Bruce ran to the
spot. He thought that he might have mis-
taken the place. Perhaps there was another
tree, just beyond.

  No, there was the print of hoofs in the
soft earth, the circling track of carriage
wheels. He could follow them out to the
main thoroughfare. There they were lost in
a maize of similar imprints.

  There was no room for doubt.

  Bailey had disappeared.

CHAPTER XI.

THE MORGUE.

FOR an hour or more Bruce paced the
dusty lane; first to the maun road, then
to the river.

  It was an hour of fuming. Without sleep
the night before his nerves had become
ragged.

  To assume that Bailey had deliberately
abandoned him was not to be considered.
Surely a combination of circumstances be-
yond his^control were responsible. Of this
he was confident. But—what were they?

  To ease the grind of suspense, Bruce
once more rounded King’s Bluff and walked
the shore.

  Scanning the river he could see no indi-
cation of any change that had taken place
during his absence—either in the morgue
or the lay of the shipping beyond.

  One thing, however, did attract his at-
tention, and but for the fact that he was
261

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY,

ready to give due value to any circumstance
that came under his observation it might
have escaped him.

  A cutter was just steaming away from
the war vessel he had noticed on his first
visit to the shore. In design it was de-
cidedly foreign—the narrow smokestack
suggesting a toy engine.

  Out of curiosity Bruce watched the
sprightly little craft as it drew away from
the war vessel.

  “ Strange,” he mused; “ they are laying
their course direct for that schooner.”

  As he watched the businesslike little cut-
ter touched the schooner’s side, a line was
thrown to a waiting sailor, and some one
climbed up on the deck.

“ No use. I am only wasting time,” said
Bruce. “ If I was in possession of the mas-
ter key, I might make something out of it.”
“ How about picking the lock?” asked
a voice behind him.

  It was Bailey, and from the warmth of
Bruce’s greeting, one might have thought
that they had been separated for years.

  “ What happened?” was his eager ques-
tion.

  “ Arrested for not having a hack driver’s
license,” was Bailey’s answer.

  “ Then what?”

  “ Well, after that about everything hap-
pened that could be written into the cal-
endar. You can imagine my blood pres-
sure when that chap with the tin star on his
chest climbed up on the seat and said:

‘ Drive to the town hall.’ ”

  “ Which, of course, you did?”

  “ Correct—I did, and, say, can you pic-
ture it? There was that black dame inside,
ready to come to life any minute. It was
just four blocks to the palace of justice, and
I lost eight pounds.”

  “ Did she wrake up?”

  “ Wait—it’s worse than that. We arrive,
and in I go—right up to the floor-worn spot
where they plant crime-stained humanity,
and there I stood, with one eye on the car-
riage in front of the door, and the other one
on the judge, wondering was he calloused,
or just looking that way so he’d make good.
Honest, Bruce, I’m cross-eyed for life.”

  “ Go on. I’m only too anxious to know
what occurred.”

  “ Oh, it occurred all right. They have a
wonderful system over here. They read it
to you right out of a book. No use saying a
prayer, or anything. Then all at once the
wise and merciful judge says: ‘ Ten dollars,
or ten days.’ ”

  “ Ten dollars?” questioned Bruce.

  “ Ten—that’s the price they are asking
now—and I didn’t have a cent. Was flat
as a prairie. Spent my last dollar when I
bought the miserable outfit.”

  “ Tough luck,’’ was Bruce’s comment.

  “ Not half as bad as what followed. 1
tell you I was dumb—couldn’t even say
‘ Much obliged.’ Just stood there, wonder-
ing how long ten days really was. Then
all at once the calamity broke. That black
hoodoo opened the carriage door and yelled
like mad. True’s I’m telling you, Bruce,
I had a fever, or something that ran me up
to a hundred and twenty. It took seven
policemen to get her out on the sidewalk
and into the station house. Ye gods! If
you could have seen the judge—Jabez the
merciful—all the time he’s watching the
crimson on my fevered brow. * This looks
suspicious—young man,’ he shouts. And
me standing there saying ‘ Yes, sir—yes,
sir,’ tickled silly that I had not lost my
voice. Then I happened to think—suppose
she commences to give this rube magistrate
some of that foreign lingo?”

  “ You certainly were in a distressing po-
sition,” said Bruce.

  “Calm yourself—and wait^for the cli-
max. There I was ‘ vessing his honor,
thinking he might forget about the ten dol-
lars—you know, trying to be social like—
when all of a sudden, he roars: * Who are
you—and what does it all mean, anyway?’
Right at that minute the fireworks all went
off at once—and the heavens fell. That
black beauty waddled up to the desk, takes
me by the arm, and answers in good Eng-
lish: ‘ He’s mah manager.’ ”

  “ You tell me that she understands Eng-
lish, and can speak it?” gasped Bruce.

  “ It’s her pet vernacular—she spouts it
like a fountain. Wait until you hear the
rest of it. The judge looks at her, and says
1 What do you mean—he’s your manager?’
Whereupon cutie steps forward and speaks
her piece: ‘ I’m in vaudeville, and he’s mah
CRAFTY ROGUES.

265

   manager—wha' kind of way is dis to treat a
   lady and a gemmen? Here we is proceed-
   in' on our way, calni like, when we gets
   stultified into cou't. Wha' for—and how
   come it?’

      “ ‘ You are fined ten dollars for not hav-
   ing a license,’ says the judge.

     “ For a minute this staggered her, then
   it evidently dawned upon her that 1 stood
   there with my arms folded, and had made
   no move to pay the fine. At any rate she
   produced a roll of distressingly fat propor-
   tions and said: ‘ I gonna pay dat little tax.

   I is, then we gonna drift away from here.’ ”

     “ Did she?” questioned Bruce.

     “ She did. but as for drifting away, that
   was different. ‘ Now you will have to take
   out a license,’ said the judge. ‘ What I just
   paying for?' she asked. ‘ For not having
   one,’ he replied. ‘ Now you have got to
   pay to get one.’

   “ ‘ You win, Mis tali Judge. It’s a double
   gig—Fs played ’em before, but if you don't
   mind we gonna move de boat quick. How
   much dat last one goin' to nick me?’

  “‘Ten dollars more,’ quoth the judge,

   ‘ but the license cannot be issued until six
   o’clock as the town clerk works in New
   York and will not be home before that
   hour.’ ”

  “Where is your friend now?” asked
  Bruce.

  “ In the station house, banqueting with
the janitress, who is of her color. The res-
taurant next door is their base of supplies.”

  “ Well,” said Bruce, “ what do you make
out of it?”

   “ Not a thing—it’s a joke.”

  “ That is where you are wrong. This
negress is playing a part, and playing it
well.”

  “ Glad to hear it, since I am her man-
ager.”

  “ Just consider her cleverness,” con-
tinued Bruce, “ when she discovered that
she had been left behind by Eddie Carbon
at the Tobacco Mill. She did not want to
be questioned, and it would be hard to
conceive of a more brilliant idea than that
of misleading us by her foolish Hugo."

   “ Come to think of it, you are right, and
if she wanted to know all about our plans,
what better scheme could she devise than

pretending to be asleep? I notice that she
woke up at the critical time, and am begin-
ning to think that my sleeping tablets had
no effect whatever.”

   “ Correct—she was probably wide awake
and heard you say that the purchase of the
hackman’s outfit had left you broke. This
would account for the readiness with which
she paid the fines.”

   “ One thing puzzles me,” said Bailey.
“ I have been unable to figure out why she
climbed up into the Cracker Pot during that
beautiful row.”

   “ That is something I cannot tell you,
but one thing is certain, she would not hav e
done it if Eddie Carbon had been down
there with her. You will recall that Car-
bon had just left the Cracker Pot before
the arrival of the sailors. When he returned
the fight was on, and there was but one way
for him to reach the negress, that was
through one of the underground entrances
to the stone chamber in which he had left
her. He never intended that she should fall
into our hands.”

   " That introduces something new,” was
Bailey’s comment. “ The idea of having
some one else find her there has never en-
tered my mind.”

“ But you will have to admit that it is
reasonable. Think a minute—do you re-
member the bulging eyes on the juggling
sailor when he first caught sight of her?
Do you recall how he urged his men for-
ward to capture her?’’

“ Yes.”

“ Well, there is your answer.”

“ All of which does seem to bear some
evidence of truth; but tell me this: how
do you account for her lying so glibly
about my being her manager?”

“ That is easy—first of all she wanted to
get away from anything that had to do with
the police; and secondly, she came mighty
near the truth when she said that she was
in vaudeville—at least that is my impres-
sion.”

“ If you expect me to follow you there,
Bruce, I’ll need the spot-light.”

“ Verv well—do vou remember the go-
rilla?” '

“ You mean can I forget the beast!”

“ In my opinion the brute was her side
266

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY,

partner in the business. Her control over
the animal was perfect, and evidently she
could make him do anything she desired.”
“ But how does this square with the
facts? If this negress and her gorilla
formed part of Captain Jake’s delivery
from the Congo, how can you account for
the vaudeville theory and her knowledge
of English?”

  “ Right there,” said Bruce, “ you touch
the big mystery. I can ask you a full dozen
questions equally as perplexing. Who is
the young woman that played her end of
the game, with the assistance of Eddie Car-
bon? What was in the strange looking
chest that Carbon made way with? Let
me say this, Bailey. We are close to the so-
lution of all these questions. Do you see
that schooner out in the channel?”

  “ Yes.”

  “ I am ready to assert that it belongs to
Captain Jake.”

  “ All right—go as far as you like. One
guess is as good as another.”

  “ Would you call it guessing if I told you
that I saw two men pull away from that
schooner in a small boat with Carbon’s
strange looking chest?”

  Whereupon Bruce related the discoveries
that had followed his first visit to the shore,
and declared his intention of stealing out
over the connecting footpath for the pur-
pose of investigation just as soon as night
would lend a hand.

  “ It’s going to be a great night, and some-
how or other the idea of working in the
morgue appeals to me—they won’t have far
to carry us,” said Bailey, with a grin.

  In spite of the grimness of Bailey’s joke,
Bruce laughed, but quickly changed the
subject. “ I say,” he asked, “ how long is
it since you have had anything to eat?”

  “ If I consulted my appetite I should say
it w?as about the time I left grammar
school.”

  Ten minutes later they were seated in
the restaurant Bailey had spoken of.

  When night fell they had turned into the
lane and were within fifty feet of the shore
when Bruce laid a warning hand on Bailey’s
arm. “ Take it easy—I hear voices,” he
whispered.

  With extreme caution they advanced an-
other ten or fifteen feet, then crouching low,
crept forward, inch by inch.

  Standing in the center of the road were
three men, their forms bulking against the
luminous haze that, in spite of the night,
welled up from the great city across the
Hudson.

  To the right was a vehicle such as hotels
often employ in connection with their rail-
road service for the convenience of guests.
It would accommodate four or more pas-
sengers.

  Tw’o of the men had evidently just re-
turned from the river, and the rustle of their
oilskins could be heard as they moved
about, the rain by this time having began
to operate on a business basis.

  The third man walked to the head of
his team and swung them closer to the
bank at the side of the road.

  “ How’d you get along?” he asked.

  “ Well, we’re back—ain’t that enough?”
was the reoly of one.

  “ And dod-rotted mad we had to come,
eh, Lopez?” growled the other.

  The first one grunted an affirmative as he
removed his oilskin hat to shake the water
from it.

  “ Which one of you lads has a match?”
asked his companion.

  A moment later there was a flash, which
alternately brightened and waned as the
flame from the match dove into the bowl
of his pipe or flared up within the curved
hands of the smoker.

  From the position occupied by Bruce it
w'as impossible to discern the features of the
man, but a glint of light had been reflected
from the tip of the smoker’s ear.

  “ The man with the earrings,” was
Bruce’s thought. “ One of the sailors wrho
had helped to transfer Eddie Carbon’s chest
to the old barge.”

  “ What did you come back for?” ques-
tioned the man standing near the horses.

  “ To find out how long it will take you to
drive to the dock we started from—after
this affair is over.”

  “ Half an hour,” was the answer.

  “ That’s what I told ’em, but they
wouldn’t take my word for it. They are get-
ting plumb scairt about the time it’s going
CRAFTY ROGUES.	267

to take. Trouble is—the whole thing was
to be pulled off this afternoon, and they’d
a’ done it if we could have got alongside
of that barge with a launch. Now—they’re
worried. You see, we got to be aboard the
schooner by three. It’s high tide at five,
and if that excited bunch of foreigners don’t
get under way by that hour—the devil will
be to pay.”

  “ What are you fellows going to do—
stay with me?” asked the man who was
giving his attention to the horses.

  “ Not on your life. This is going to be
the swellest show ever put over in this port.
I’ve seen the gen-oo-ine thing down in Haiti
and I know.”

   “ And they are starting it with the finest
bucket of punch ever brewed,” chuckled the
second man.

  “ Where do I come in on this?” ques-
tioned the horseman.

“ You don’t. You’re out of it. You
stick right here. Unnerstan’? Right here I"
Saying which the man and his companion
merged into the blackness as they made
their way toward the river.

  “ Come,” whispered Bruce.

  With extreme caution they retraced their
steps until it was safe to converse in low
tones. Then Bailey was the first to speak.

  “ What do you make of it?”

   “ Very little, except that they have trans-
ferred something of considerable weight
from the schooner to the barge.”

  “ What makes you think so?”

  “ The fact that two men were required
to carry it.”

   “ Well, it is only an odd idea of mine, but
suppose this ‘ something ’ walked?”

“ I never thought of that. You may be
right. The class of conveyance they made
use of to reach the rivet would seem to con-
firm your deduction,” was Bruce’s response.

    Thanks! What comes next? We are
  losing time.”

   " I suggest that we make a circuit through
   the fields so as to avoid the man with the
   horses. It will never do for him to see
   us.”

  “ A good idea—come on! ”

     Ten minutes later they reached the shore
  by sliding down a gravel bank which ran
  at right angles to the road.

  The night was too dark to locate the
exact spot at which the foot bridge leading
to the barge was located, but the lighted
windows were sufficient to guide them.

  A dull roar of voices greeted them from
across the water as one of the roystering
crowd opened a door on what would have
been the port side of the old craft in its
days of navigation. There was something
hideously primitive in both the volume and
tone; a ghoulish discord in keeping with the
name of the place; shouts and curses—
laughter and song. The brew of punch had
evidently been passed.

  Through the open door a burly figure w as
seen to emerge and walk towrard the bow
of the barge where the footpath joined it.

  “ He’s coming ashore/’ whispered Bailey'.
“ If that is so, we must beat him to the
end of the footpath.”

  “ Where we will act in the capacity of
a reception committee—yes?”

  “ Correct—you guessed it, and at the
same time we will become our own com-
mittee of safety. If it is his intention to
stand guard at the end of that path w^e have
got to render him a negative factor, or give
up the idea of finding out what is going on
aboard that barge.”

  “ I’m for the negative stuff,” chuckled
Bailey.

  “ There is a small platform at the end of
the foot bridge. It is about three feet from
the ground. If yo\i take one side of it and
I the other we can probably surprise him.”
Under the cover of darkness they had
no trouble in making it, although Bruce
narrowly missed stumbling over a small boat
that had been drawn up on the shore.

  Crouching low — Bruce to the right,
Bailey to the left—they awaited the ap-
proach of the guard.

  When within -a dozen feet of them he
stopped for the evident purpose of adjust-
ing a misplaced plank before venturing his
weight upon it, then quickly covered the
intervening distance.

  His haste was undoubtedly due to a pair
of unsteady legs as he immediately settled
down on the upper step of the rickety stairs.

  He had scarcely touched it when both
men sprang upon him.

  There was no opportunity for an outcry
268

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

   that would warn his companions on the
   barge as Bailey’s hand had closed over his
   mouth before he really knew of his danger.

     At the same time Bailey had drawn him
   backward—his head striking the planks
   with a resounding thump. With equal speed
   Bruce had bounded to the platform and
   was upon him, his knees on the man’s chest,
   his hands pinioning the burly fellow’s arms
   to the flooring.

      “ Tie your handkerchief over his mouth,”
   commanded Bruce.

      “ It’s done,” said Bailey a moment later.
    “ What next?”

      “ Look for a gun.”

      “ I got it,” was Bailey’s report as he ex-
    tracted one from their captive’s hip pocket.

      “ Now, move over to the right and locate
   the small boat I brushed against as we
   made for this platform. If you do not find
   a coil of rope in it, cut the painter.”

      This being the quickest method of secur-
   ing a rope’s end of sufficient length to bind
   their man, Bailey lost no time in clipping
   several feet from the coiled line in the bow.

   “ What are we going to do with him?”
   asked Bailey as the finishing knots were ad-
   justed on the prostrate guard.

   “ Leave him right where he is for the
 present. I intend to have at least one look
 into this mirthful old wreck. Don’t leave
 him for a minute while I am gone and keep
 his gun handy, as you may need it.”

   The advice was excellent as events a few
 seconds later proved.

   Bruce had started out along the foot
 bridge, so that he might gain a vantage
 point from which to peer into the brightly
 lighted windows of the barge, and had taken
 but a few steps when there was a crash.
 This was followed by a splash, and the
 warning clang of a bell aboard the barge.

    Bailey could feel his hair standing on end.

 In the darkness he could only imagine what
 had happened: that Bruce was struggling
 in the water under the bridge.

   Once more the door on the barge opened,
 but this time a full dozen husky forms
 poured out upon the deck.

   The necessity for quick thinking was
 urgent, and his first impulse was to leave
 the man he was guarding and rush to
 JBruce’s assistance.

     There was but one thing that restrained
   him. He had every reason to believe that
   Bruce had fallen into shallow water. If
   this was true, and he was uninjured, it
   would be folly to take any chance with the
   man he was guarding—he had been roped
   in complete darkness, and the cumbersome
   oilskins made it impossible to assume that
   the job was a perfect one.

     To Bailey it was a moment of racking
   suspense.

     The ruffians were gathering at the bow
   of the barge, and some were just about to
   start shoreward over the foot bridge; others
   were inclined to linger, as if reluctant to
   abandon the festive scene.

     It was when the foremost man on the
   bridge paused and halloed to the guard,
   “ What’s wrong?” that Bailey received his
   inspiration.

     The question had given him his cue.
   That something was wrong the gang on the
   barge knew by the clang of the warning bell,
   and this occurred at the moment of Bruce's
   fall. It was therefore reasonable to infer
   that the flooring of the bridge was so ad-
   justed that Bruce’s weight caused it to col-
   lapse and also operate some mechanical tug
   to the rope or wire that controlled the bell.

    Bailey was now in full possession of both
 his wits and his nerve. It flashed through
 his mind that the guard had set his trap
 when he fumbled with the planking a short
 distance from the shore end of the bridge.

    The man who was coming toward them
 once more bawled out his anxious: “ What’s
 wrong?”

   Then Bailey awoke to action.

   Pressing the muzzle of his gun to the tem-
 ple of his prisoner, he quickly tore the hand-
 kerchief from his mouth.

   “ Tell him you fell off the bridge,’’ he
 hissed, “and if you say anything else. I’ll
 blow your brains clean across the Hudson.”

CHAPTER XII.

A CLANGING BELL.

 TO Bailey, who was bending over the
 man, it seemed an eternity before he
 showed any inclination to obey; in
 reality the time was fractional.
CRAFTY

ROGUES.

269

 “ Quick—out with it,” he whispered as
 he twisted the end of the revolver against
 the fellow’s head with a corkscrew motion
 that made him wince.

 “ I fell off th’ bridge,” he finally croakcd
 in tones loud enough for his companions on
 the barge to hear.

   A loud guffaw greeted his explanation a?
 to the cause of the alarm.

   “ Are you hurt?” questioned the man on
 the bridge.

   “ No.”

   As if in confirmation of his statement
 that he was all right, the sound of some one
 splashing about in the water could be heard.
 It was Bruce wading ashore.

   The guard’s rough associates were evi-
 dently satisfied as they turned and filed
 back through the open door.

   It closed with a bang, and Bailey’s hair
 once more laid down in plastered placidity.
 It had been standing on end.

   Bruce had now made his way to the plat-
 form, the water dripping from his clothes
 and sloshing from his shoes with every step.

   “ Any damages sustained, chief?” asked
 Bailey.

   “ Nothing except a good ducking. That’s
 bad enough.”

   “ How did it happen?”

   “ A section of the flooring was pushed
 I back from the cross piece so it would tip
 the moment any one set foot on it,” replied
 Bruce.

   “ Are you going to try it again?”

   “ I certainly am. In the meantime let
 me congratulate you on your cleverness.
 I am proud of you.”

   “ So am I. Any medals?”

   “ No—but the night is young. Keep up
 your good work. You may get your deco-
 ration at sunrise.”

   “ If we are not shot at the same glad-
 some hour. I tell you, Bruce, a human life
 is cheap with this gang of pirates.”

   “ No flat notes there, Bailey. Buck up
 on your courage. I am going to commence
 my trip all over, and I want you at your
 best. It’s the unexpected that demands
 resourcefulness, and if anything goes wrong
 it will be up to you to think quick.”

   Saying which Bruce once more started
 out along the footpath.

  Upon reaching the trick span which had
throwm him into the Hudson, he carefully
adjusted the movable section, so it rested
upon the crosspiece. Then he tested it be-
fore going forward.

  At the other end of this span he found
the crude mechanicad device which had
been responsible for the ringing of the bell:
an upright of wood nailed to the edge of
the plank floor. To this a rope w'as at-
tached.

  As a measure of safety, Bruce cut the
line.

  Now and then a board would creak as
he picked his way over the makeshift
bridge, but the blast from the transatlantic
liner would have been dwarfed to the
squeak of a tin whistle in competition with
the wild medley of riotous joy aboard the
barge.

  Upon reaching the bow of the ancient
craft, Bruce found that the windows were
much higher than appeared from the shore,
but by climbing to the rail a good viewr of
the interior was possible.

  In doing this his head narrowly missed
the ship’s bell, which was fastened to the
superstructure of the barge. Had the
question of haste been less imperative, he
would have taken the precaution of draw-
ing the bell rope to the bow of the barge
and disposing of it inside the rail. It was
a strange scene that greeted Bruce as he
peered through the dirt-grimed window.

  Near the center of the big barnlike room
was a brick platform, about a foot high and
possibly six feet square, serving as the
hearth for a roaring, crackling fire. Just
above it was a great iron kettle swinging
from an old-fashioned crane. A huge ne-
gro, stripped to the waist, was stirring the
steaming contents.

  Around the boiling kettle were at least
fifteen of the toughest specimens of hu-
manity Bruce had ever seen—men of griz-
zled beards and evil countenance. They
might have been the very dregs and scour-
ings of the proverbial seven seas. All were
intent upon the negro’s work as he stirred
the pottage, all gesticulating and talking,
except as they paused long enough to hoQor
the passing bucket of steaming punch. A
wave of disgust swept over Bruce. Was
270

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

this the sccne he had ventured to much to
view—a commonplace orgy of gluttony?
Had his persistency, after all, only led to a
steaming kettle of food?

  In vain he looked for one familiar face:
Connors—Captain J ake—Eddie Carbon—
Emile. With mind intent upon grasping
for something tangible—something that
would not leave him completely stranded—
he began to search each recess and shadow
of the big room, if such it could be called.
A tangled mass of nets and cordage came
under his observation for the first time.
They were hanging from the rafters near
the stern.

  At that particular moment it was a val-
uable discovery to Bruce, as it gave notice
of ownership. These nets were undoubted-
ly the property of Shad Roe Martin—the
negro who had piloted the four-wheeled
craft, in which Connors had been impris-
oned, from New York to Hoboken, and it
was fair to assume that the stalwart black
engaged in stirring the steaming caldron
was none other than he.

  The nets were evidently serving as im-
provised curtains to screen certain indi-
viduals who were about to participate in
the barbaric feast, or ceremony, as all eyes
were now directed toward the swaying cen-
ter. Then the tangled cordage parted, and
Eddie Carbon came forward amid the wild
shouts of the frenzied crowd. In his arms
he carried the quaint-looking chest that
Bruce had seen lifted from the small boat
that afternoon when the sailors took it
aboard the barge.

  Placing it on the deck near the brick
hearth, Carbon returned to the opening
through the curtain of nets. Here, with
mock ceremony, he held up his hand for
silence; then, with a dramatic pause, he
reached over to draw aside the curtain.
For the second time the rotting bulkheads
of the old wreck quivered with the volume
of sound that greeted the entrance of a
man who was not very steady on his feet.
In fact, Eddie Carbon had to render as-
sistance or he would have fallen to the
deck.

  Bruce saw a hard-visaged man of fifty-
five or more. In the day of his prime—
now passed—he might have been registered

as short and stocky, but years of indulgence
at both the board and the bowl had caused
him to settle physically. There had been
a gravitation of parts until he resembled
an inverted top. Aye—a “ salty old top ”
who looked as though he would welcome
any rewinding that would help him to spin
along for a few years more. It was Cap-
tain Jake.

  In his excitement over the discovery
Bruce narrowly missed slipping from the
rail. His mind swept back to the occasion
of their first meeting at Connors’s Athletic
Club; back to the student days at New
Brunswick, when this same Captain Jake—
the rover—the romancer—would hold the
little group of students spellbound with
wonderful tales of foreign ports, of bloody
encounters, and weird stories of African
mysteries.

  But these memories were thrust back
into the past where they belonged. Some-
thing of greater importance than the ap-
pearance of Captain Jake through the open-
ing was about to take place. The curtain
was ready to part for the third time. A
look of expectancy was upon every face.
Captain Jake had been led to what seemed
to be the seat of honor near the brick
hearth, and Eddie Carbon was engaged in
removing several small packages from the
open chest.

  The moving net now proclaimed impa-
tience on the part of the one about to step
forth; but, even so, the spectators were
loath to dispense with the dramatic pre-
lude.

  The negro at the kettle waved his hand
toward one of the dark recesses of the
barge, and two of his race and color came
forward with crude-looking drums. They
took their positions—one on the right, the
other to the left of the blazing hearth—
and commenced to beat their barbaric in-
struments as an accompaniment to the
quavering notes they voiced. Then the
nets were swept aside, and Bruce saw that
which caused him to question his vision.
The giant negress stepped through the
opening.

  The very impossibility of it staggered
him. It was incredible to think of her
capture at the moment they were banking
CRAFTY ROGUES.	271

on her safety. Disregarding the danger of
discovery, he pressed closer to the window.
He even attempted to rub away the accu-
mulated dust, that he might assure himself
that it was all real.

  For a brief space she remained motion-
less and the flickering lights from the open
hearth danced about her huge form. Then
she slowly came forward—her barrel-like
arms lifted above her head, feet shuffling,
body swaying, in a clumsy attempt to fol-
low the rhythmical beat of the drums.

  Bruce's brain was likewise throbbing in
unison with them. How had the negress
eluded both himself and Bailey? Who had
assisted her aboard the barge? What was
the significance of the barbaric scene before
him1

  In vain he tried to correct what he
thought might be the result of an excited
vision. It was useless—confusion had mas-
tered him. -An array of what might be
termed half truths now began to assail him.
The conversation of the men in the lane,
wherein they had referred to their inability
to reach the barge with their launch on
account of the shallow water: the convey-
ance waiting at that very moment at the
foot of the bluff; all these were directly or
indirectly associated with the latest and
most perplexing phase of the mystery he
was trying to fathom.

  The negress was now within a few feet of
the hearth, and silence had fallen upon her
devotees, or admirers.—whichever they
might prove to be.

  As Bruce pressed forward to peer through
the greasy, smoke-glazed window, he began
to understand why the sight of the negress
had affected him so strangely. Surprise
alone would not account for it, as he had
received too many of them since becoming
involved in Connors’s affairs. It was her
unnatural size that appalled him: this, and
her theatric entrance. He wondered if in
the excitement of escape from the Cracker
Pot he had misjudged her monstrous weight
and girth?

  Perhaps the pane of glass he was directing
his gaze through was distorting his vision.
He would try the other window—it was
only a few feet awav. In moving along the
rail he forgot that the soles of his shoes were

wet and slippery. It was an unfortunate
lapse of memory.

  Both feet shot from under him. and the
law of self-preservation did the rest, for he
elected to drop to the deck inside the rail
rather than take a second plunge into the
Hudson.

  If fate deliberately selected that particu-
lar moment for his fall, it was, to say the
least, splendidly chosen, so far as the inter-
ests of those within the barge were con-
cerned. Whatever the negress intended to
do or say, the}- were waiting amid silence.
Then came the crash of his fall, and, to
make matters worse, his feet became entan-
gled in the bell rope. A wild clang of the
bell followed.

  The hoarse shout of anger and dismay
that arose within the barge must have vi-
brated to the splintered keel of the old
hulk, and far quicker than it takes to relate
the deck swarmed with a mob of maddened
ruffians.

  It was Bruce's turn now to do some quick
thinking.

  To attempt an escape over the footpath
would be folly. A dozen guns might rake
this line of retreat. Had the advantage of
daylight been with him, he might have
taken the risk, knowing that Bailey stood
at the other end of the bridge with their
prisoner’s revolver, which would have been
of some use in holding back his pursuers. ,

  This, however, was not to be considered,
and it left but one alternative. That was
to slip over the side into the Hudson. His
decision had been made none too quickly,
as ships’ lanterns and flaming torches began
to appear on deck—a very devils’ dance of
bobbing lights.

  There was no thought of danger in
Bruce's mind as he pushed out into the
black waters and blacker night: his only
concern was for Bailey. Through it all the
latter had remained on the small platform
at the shore end of the bridge, guarding his
prisoner. Beyond the thud of Bruce's fall,
and the clang of the bell, he had no knowl-
edge of what actually had occurred. That
Bruce had succeeded in gaining a view of
the interior of the barge, he knew—because
the dim outline of his head at the barge
window had conveyed this intelligence.
272

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

 With every nerve taut, he listened for the
 rattle of planks that would tell of Bruce’s
 approach over the bridge.

   The seconds—that seemed hours—went
 by. Not a sound from Bruce; not even
 the creak of a board or a call for assistance.
 Lights were now coming toward him over
 the bridge. Of heavy oaths and impreca-
 tions there were a plenty, but no word or
 tone of exultation that would indicate
 Bruce’s capture.

   But one conclusion was possible—Bruce
 had gone overboard.

   For the safety of his friend Bailey had
 never a thought. He knew that Bruce could
 swim like a duck. As for himself, it would
 be easy to elude the oncoming horde of thor-
 oughly aroused ruffians by moving off into
 the darkness.

   But what of his prisoner? To leave him
 bound and gagged would publish their
 night’s work. Besides that, if his associ-
 ates from the barge failed to find him they
 might be tricked into the belief that he had
 again tumbled into the Hudson. Perhaps
 a little daring and nerve might retrieve the
 bungling errors that had been made. Once
 more his reputation for quick thinking was
 to be sustained.

   He would take his prisoner with him.

   A few strokes with his knife and the
 fellow’s legs were free.

  “ Come—and not a word out of you!
 Quick! ” Bailey whispered.

   Shoving the man in front of him, he
 pushed off into the darkness, moving south-
 ward along the shore, in the direction from
 which they had approached the barge. He
 had every reason to believe that Bruce went

 over the rail on that side, as his head was
 last seen bobbing against the glare of light
 from that window.

  The foremost man from the barge was
now halfw'ay over the bridge and was strain-
ing his calendar of profane epithets as he
loudly called upon the guard for some ex-
planation of the disturbance. Not from the
guard, but down shore—the direction in
which Bailey was moving—came an answer-
ing “ Halloo!"

  The moment Bailey heard it he knew
that another error was to be scored. He
was moving into danger rather than away
from it. It had been the most natural thing
in the world for him to start back along
the shore in that direction, but in the ex-
citement he had forgotten the man who was
waiting at the foot of the lane—the horse-
man who had remained to watch over the
conveyance while his companions sought
the festivities aboard the barge.

   The decoration that Bailey was to receive
at sunrise volplaned into oblivion. His sit-
uation could not have been worse. Behind
him the mob of enraged cutthroats from the
barge, some of whom had now reached the
shore; in front, one of their number ready
to assist them: to his right, the tall cliffs;
on his left, the river.

  It was useless to hunt for a position of
advantage on that flat strip of shore. There
was none. He broke open the chamber of
his revolver to count the number of car-
tridges he could depend on.

  Then Bailey made use of an expression
that was void of delicacy—a copper-lined
classic that befitted the situation. The car-
tridge chamber of his revolver was empty!

TO BE CONCLUDED NEXT WEEK

 XJ	XJ	XJ

 INSEPARABLE

    ‘IF only you w’ere not so jealous!”

    You’ve often said.

 Needless to wish it any longer—

    Jealousy’s dead!

 “ But where is Love?” you ask. Ah! still you’re
    Not satisfied?

 Know, then, with Jealousy's expiring.

    Love also died!

Ida M. Thomas.

                                           7	A
By LYON MEARSON

      it be known that all that is herein-
 after chronicled happened in the days
 before the Eighteenth Amendment
 was abroad in the land, when the name of
 Volstead was not one to command the atten-
 tion of kings and the profanity of the pro-
 letariat, and when bootlegging was not the
 crowded profession it is to-day.

   In one of Wilde’s plays a character, upon
 being told that he is lying in the gutter,
 remarks that perhaps he is—but he is look-
 ing at the stars. Which means, in every-
 day, unallegorical language, that a man
 may have ideals regardless of his circum-
 stances. A man’s body and his brain may
 be for sale, but his soul is his own, and so
 long as he follows the gleam within him he
 is yet his own man.

   Such a man was Neil MacNeil, superin-
 tendent of construction for the Campbell
 Building Company—the best superintendent
 of construction they ever had or ever hoped
 to have. No man could get more out of a
 crew than MacNeil;
 loved by the

     8	A

principally because they knew there was
nothing he asked any of them to do that
he could not do himself; nothing he re-
quired of them that he had not done him-
self at some stage in his career.

  A big, rawboned fighting Scotchman,
ready for a blow' or a joke, or both, acces-
sible to the meanest of his underlings and
unafraid of the most powerful of his su-
periors, with a laugh or an oath ever on his
lips—usually both—and with a knowledge
of the building business second to none;
that was Neil MacNeil, the son of Angus,
the son of Andrew, the son of Sandy. This
was the line of MacNeil’s descent, men
handy with their fists and with a knowledge
of the real purpose of Scotch whisky.

   Which is where MacNeil’s weakness came
in. He was an ideal superintendent of con-
struction—when he superintended. There
were times, however, unheralded by any
warning whatsoever—irregular of occur-
rence—when he did not superintend for

no man was better three or four days in a row. At such times
men who worked for him, he was full to the skin with whisky tasting

                              273
274

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  of Scotch fog and Highland heather; at such
  times he was apt to be found in any place
  in New York except one—the place where
  his job was.

    This weakness of MacNeil’s was the
  cause of his losing more than one job, and
  he knew he would lose more in the years
  to come, but he was a lone man, with no
  wife nor child, and when the desire for
  strong drink came upon him whisky meant
  more than a job. Strangely enough, how-
  ever, the Campbell Building Company had
  never discharged Neil MacNeil, though
  there had been threats, warnings, and plain
  man-to-man talks with old Campbell, whom
  MacNeil knew when he was nothing but a
  puddler—and whom he feared about as
  much as a puddler, whatever that may be.

     The truth of the matter was that Camp-
  bell recognized the fact that MacNeil, with
  his faults, was a better superintendent of
  construction than he would be able to find
  in many a long day’s search. There were
  delays, sometimes, in the completion of a
  building on which MacNeil worked, but
  when it was finished, man! It was a per-
  fect piece of work. So MacNeil worked
  for the Campbell Building Company, and
  went off on his irregular bats when he
  pleased—sometimes close together, some-
  times many months between.

  Then came the contract for the building
of the great Giltmore Hotel—the biggest
thing of its kind seen in this country since
the Pennsylvania Terminal was finished.

It was to be the biggest hotel in the world—
as you know it is. Over a year was to
be spent in its construction, and the Lord
himself only knows how many millions of
dollars; which millions of dollars you and I
will eventually return to the pockets of the
owners, if we haven’t yet. Why, I knew a
man who only stayed there a week, and
when his bill came around he— But we
won’t discuss that now’. We have to chron-
icle the affecting story of Neil MacNeil,
and of how Neil MacNeil preserved the
purity of his soul.

  Neil MacNeil, being the best superin-
tendent of construction the Campbell Build-
ing Company had, was put in charge of the
Giltmore work. Old Campbell knew that,
even if he could not depend upon his su-

   perintendent to keep sober, at least when
   the work was finished it would be acceptable
   to any one—and this was an important job.

     He had a long talk w'ith MacNeil before
   the work started. It was important to the
   company that the job be finished on time
   there were penalties, and so forth. It was
   therefore important that MacNeil keep
   straight. He impressed this on him. Mac-
   Neil said he would db his best.

                              II.

     The week after excavation work was
   started on the great Giltmore plot—it was
   solid rock, like a great deal of Manhat-
   tan, and required an enormous amount of
   blasting in small charges—old Campbell
   stopped in at the superintendent’s shanty
   on his way to the office. He wanted to hold
   converse with MacNeil.

     When he entered the shanty there was
   nobody there but Tim O’Sullivan, assistant
   superintendent—an excellent man, but not
   a MacNeil, being old and not able to break
   a pick handle on a man’s head with the
   same verve. He was poring over the blue
   prints, scarce]}’ looking up when his door
   opened.

     “ Tim,” inquired old Campbell, wiping
   his silk hat with the sleeve of his morning
   coat, “ where’s Mac?”

     Tim looked up at him, eying the silk hat
 with distinct disfavor, to say nothing of
 the disgust with which he regarded the pink-
 and-white spotted necktie.

   “ He is not here, boss,,” remarked Tim
 shortly, and turned to his work again, hop-
 ing that would end the matter, yet knowing
 that there was no chance.

   “ Tim, look at me, you old scoundrel,”
 persisted Campbell. “ I didn’t ask you
 whether he was here or not—I can see for
 myself he is not here. Is he—” He looked
 at Tim significantly.

   Tim knew what he meant and Campbell
 knew that Tim knew what he meant.

   “ Ye shpeak in riddles, Misther Campbell.
 Ye shpeak av things beyant me province an'
 ’tis not I—”

   “ Shut up! Is he off on a bat?”

   Fairly cornered, Tim knew that there was
 no use in lying, because MacNeil himself
DOLLARS AND DRINKS.

275

would have been the first to report his ab-
sence and the reason therefor.

   He nodded his head. “ I regret to report
that Mac is at prisint lookin’ on th’ Scotch
whin ut is smoky, Misther Campbell—a de-
plorable thrait whin beer is so chape an’
there is so much Irish whisky to be had—”

  “ When did he start, Tim?” inquired
Campbell, placing his silk hat thoughtfully
on his head, where it so fascinated Tim
that he could scarcely take his eyes off it.
When he was finally able to wrench away
his gaze from the shining tile, he answered
him.

  “ Yisterday noon. Had it av been
Irish—”

  “ Never mind; I know all about your
Irish whisky,” broke in Campbell, troubled.
He could see that there was to be no peace
of mind for him while the great Giltmore
Hotel was being erected under the super-
vision of the erratic Neil MacNeil.

   “ He’ll be back the day after to-morrow,”
remarked Campbell dryly. “ Keep the work
going until he shows up—then tell him I
want to see him at the office.” He turned
and went out, knocking his silk hat against
the top of the door, greatly to the joy of
Tim O’Sullivan.

m.

   True to Campbell’s statement, MacNeil
was back at work on the next morning but
one. unregenerate, and with an awful head-
ache.

   “ Tim,” he asked, “ has the old man been
around?”

   Tim nodded. “ He has, silk kelly an’
all.”

   “ What did he say?”

   “ He remarked,” said Tim, “ that ye wuz
th’ scum av th’ earth, an’ deservin’ av no
dacint man’s thrust, t’ say nothin’ av—”

   “ He was right, Tim,” interrupted Mac-
Xeil. “ Who are you, anyway, to disap-
prove of what a Scotchman says? What
else did he say?”

   “ He said ye wuz t’ come to th’ office an’
hold converse with him as soon as ye showed
up.”

  “ He did, did he?” MacNeil looked up
  thoughtfully. So he was to be discharged!
  Well, all right—it would not be the first

time. He knew he was to be discharged—
otherwise Campbell would not have asked
him to come to the office. He would have
stopped in and spoken to him here, on the
job, as usual.

  “ As I’ve told ye often, Mac, if ye wud
only learn to inhale a civilized drink, such
as Irish—”

  “ Forget it, young feller, me lad,” broke
in MacNeil. “ Remember, you’re talking to
your superior. And, besides, it takes edu-
cation to like Scotch whisky—what would
you know about such things, with the smell
of the peat bog still in your hair? Me, I’m
off to the office—I’ll be back when I return,
Tim,” he added with dignity.

  Campbell, in the severe mahogany and
glass privacy of his luxurious quarters,
glanced up at the entrance of his superin-
tendent of construction, who disdained such
slight things as being announced by office
boys—the young scuts.

  “ Hello, chief—want to see me?” he
breezed.

  “ I do, Mac,” said his employer shortly,
putting aside his pen and assuming his
severest air. He gazed at him for a mo-
ment, judicially and sternly. MacNeil
gazed back, but said nothing.

  It was Campbell who broke the silence
finally.

  “ Mac,” he said, “ suppose I were to dis-
charge you?”

  MacNeil shrugged his shoulders. “ I’ve
been discharged by better men than you,
Geordie,” he said. If one were to be dis-
charged he might just as wrell be defiant
about it.

  Campbell laughed outright. “ Mac,” he
said, “ you’re an irresponsible scalawTag—
and I don’t know what to do about you.”

  “ Then why bother, Geordie?” asked
MacNeil innocently.

  “ Well, it’s this Giltmore job. It’s on my
nerves, Mac. It’s going to cost me a lot
of money if it isn’t finished on time—and
with you going off and getting pickled every
now and again, there’s a darned good chance
that we won’t get through on time. I can’t
depend on you, Mac—-that’s the long and
short of it. And yet, there’s nobody I’d
rather have on that work—if I could only
be sure you’d stay on the job.”
276

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  “ Oh, I will, boss,” MacNeil assured hrim.
“ I’m off the stuff this time for—”

  “ Nonsense,” cut in his employer. “ I’ve
heard that so often from you on the morning
after that it doesn’t mean anything. This
time you have to lay off the stuff—or it’s
all off between you and me.”

  “ Have to?” queried MacNeil, a little
stiffly. He was not used to having people
address him in that tone of voice.

  “ Yes, have to!” snapped back the other.
“ Mac, how would you like to have five
thousand dollars—all in a lump?”

  The superintendent of construction looked
at him inquiringly. “ I don’t know,” he
drawled at last. “ I never had that much
at once—I guess it would buy an awful lot
of Scotch—”

  “ No, you must lay off the Scotch if you
want to get this money. I’ve had an idea,
Mac. I’m going to make you a proposition.
If you don’t take a drink for a year from
to-day, I’ll give you a bonus of five thou-
sand dollars. If—”

  “ And if I do,” broke in MacNeil calmly.
“ You get discharged,” said Campbell
shortly. “ Get me—discharged!”

  The other nodded slowly. “ I have to lay
off for a year—”

  “To get this five thousand dollars, Mac.
Is it a go?”

  “ Or get discharged?”

  “ Yes,” said Campbell. “ Is it a go?”

  “ It’s a go, Geordie, you old dollar-
squeezer,” said MacNeil, but there was a
peculiar, unfathomable gleam in his gray
eyes—a gleam that Campbell was to remem-
ber later and wonder about. “ Now, if you
don’t mind, I have a certain little job of
work to attend to at the great Giltmore
Hotel, so I’ll be going along. Well, so-
long—and don’t drink any Scotch whisky;
you’re not used to it,” he flung back as a
parting shot. The door closed behind him.

  Campbell picked up his pen again, but
he did not write for a long time. He was
thinking.

IV.

  The news of this curious proposition
spread through the Campbell organization—
Campbell himself told it to some of his
intimates in the office, who in turn told it to

some of their intimates, and in a few days
every intimate in the organization—which
included every man in the outfit—knew
about it.

  All knew MacNeil, and practically every-
body doubted his ability to earn the money,
to say nothing of his willingness. Mac-
Neil was an independent sort, but then
again, MacNeil was a Scotchman—and to a
Scotchman five thousand dollars was five
thousand dollars. Nevertheless, the wise-
acres shook their heads and said he would
never do it. There would be some slip, at
last—a momentary weakness, and it would
be all off; because everybody knew that
if MacNeil once got started on the im-
bibing of Scotch—let it be only one glass—
nothing on earth could stop him from go-
ing the route except a sudden disappearance
of the entire earthly supply of that presum-
ably delectable beverage.

  But, to the surprise of every one—except
perhaps Campbell himself, who had never
doubted the efficacy of his plan, being sure
that the money would be a great enough in-
ducement to the man—MacNeil was keep-
ing straight and sober, and the work went
on magnificently, ahead of schedule, a good,
workmanlike job, if ever there was one.

  The months swung by in their orderly
rotation, one after the other, and summer
succeeded spring, finally swinging into au-
tumn, then winter; the great Giltmore Hotel
ironwork was all up, raising its gaunt, ugly-
black head twenty-five stories above the
teeming earth, alive with derricks, red-hot
rivets flashing fifty yards deftly into a pail
five hundred feet above the ground, the
pounding of the riveters making day and
night hideous in all the neighborhood; a
bare skeleton triumphant above the squat
house that flanked it on all sides, ready to
be clothed and turned over to its owners.

  And in all this time MacNeil did not
drink. He kept strictly and absolutely
sober, much to the wonderment of all. Even
Tim ventured to remark on it once in a
while, as to a man who was selling himself
for gold.

  “ Some people is so crazy fer money,” he
remarked to MacNeil, “ that they will give
up their indipindince an’ their honor fer
that same, not menshunin’ no names—”
DOLLARS AND DRIXKS.

277

  ‘ Ah. what do you know about such
things?” bantered MacNeil, knowing well
that he himself was meant by this clumsy
innuendo.

  Many were the jokes hurled at MacNeil
in those days, when it began to look certain
that he was winning the fight. He took
them all in good part. Even Campbell con-
descended to comment on it when he
stopped in to see his superintendent.

  “ Good boy, Mac,” he said. “ Keep up
the good work.”

  “ What good work?” inquired MacNeil
innocently.

  “ Why, you know—that offer I made
you—”

  “Oh, that!” laughed MacNeil, but said
no more.

  And so the work drew on to its conclu-
sion, and it became an accepted fact that
MacNeil would earn his bonus. Campbell,
always theatrical, decided on a spectacular
way of presenting MacNeil with his check.

  The great Giltmore Hotel, finished and
ready to be turned over to its owners on
April 25, would be completed—so far as
the Campbell firm was concerned—on the
morning of the 24th. Now it happened
that the 24th of April was the day on
which MacNeil’s year of abstinence ended
—that is. if he kept sober until midnight of
that day, he had earned the money.

  Campbell, jubilant at the successful con-
clusion of the work, announced a great
dance in the ballroom of the great Giltmore
for the night of the 25th of April—a ball
to which were invited the employees of the
Campbell Building Company and their
friends. He intended, at the stroke of
twelve, to call MacNeil to the middle of the
floor and present him with a check for five
thousand dollars.

V.

  The night of the ball—it was a gala
occasion for those who worked for the
Campbell Building Company and for their
friends. Everybody was there early, with
the exception of one person—Neil MacNeil,
son of Angus MacNeil. At eight thirty,
when the gayety began, he had not yet
come. It caused no comment, because it
was early. At nine thirty he had not ar-

rived, but still Campbell was not uneasy—
MacNeil had promised to be there. He
knew that he was to get his check that night
—it was common knowledge. He would
certainly be there; he had promised that
faithfully, and MacNeil was a man who
kept his promises.

At ten thirty MacNeil had not yet come,
and neither had he turned up at eleven.
Campbell turned to Tim O’Sullivan, re-
splendent in his Sunday suit, a little restive.
“ Where’s Mac?” he asked.

  “ He’ll be here,” replied Tim calmly.
“ Rist assured av that—he wud not miss
this here scene av gayety fer annything,
I’m thinkin’—not him, bliss his sowl.”
There was much speculation, and at
eleven thirty practically everybody had
given up hope—when he came. It was Tim
who saw him first, standing uncertainly at
the door.

  “Mac!” he shouted, and everybody
turned to look.

  Hatless, hair disheveled, collar half off,
coat unbuttoned, face flushed, a triumphant
grin was on Neil MacNeil’s face.

  He was in complete possession of the most
glorious jag seen in that vicinity in many a
day. He was absolutely and carefully
drunk. In a complete silence he skated and
staggered across the hall to where Camp-
bell, angry and silent, awaited him.

  Carefully he navigated over the slippery
floor to Campbell in an expectant silence.

  “ H’lo, Geordie, old top!” he shouted in
a mellow, care-free voice. “ How’s ev’ry
little thing—”

  “ Mac! ” burst out the voice of Campbell.
“ This is a helluva way to—”

  “ Sh’all ri’, me lad; sh all ri’J” answered
MacNeil. “ Jus’ wanted t’ show you I
could do it for my own shelf-respeck—thass
all—not for your dirty money. Nobody can
buy Neil MacNeil—on with th’ dansh—
let joy be unrefined, old kidsh—le’sh go!”
He noticed everybody staring at him silent-
ly. He almost sobered. He spoke coherently.

  “ I can keep sober because I want to,
Geordie Campbell—but not for any man’s
money,” he said. “ Now that you know
that, I’ll never take another drop of booze
as long as I live.”

  He hasn't.
 By FRED JACKSON

Author of " The First Law,” " The Third Act“ The Diamond Necklace," etc.

CHAPTER XX.

ALL MABLE KNEW.

MABLE scowled as she entered the lit-
tle office and found both Mr. and
Mrs. George Stuyvesant Milburne
there. She sensed unpleasantness and
trouble—and Mable hated trouble—trou-
ble of any kind. She liked things comfort-
able all around. Accordingly, as she
crossed the threshold and camc race to face
with Louise, she flashed a warning glance
toward George as though to remind him
that she counted upon him fof protection.

  There are very few men who could have
found it in their hearts to ignore such a
glance from such a delectable little morsel
as Mable was at that instant. In her fluffy
black dancing frock that just veiled her fig-
ure without hiding it, her frosty white arms

and throat bare, dazzling by contrast, her
great dark eyes and three-cornered baby’s
mouth; her brilliant, fiery, scintillating
mop of hair—she was ravishing. And she
had that irresistible helplessness about her.
George hurried toward her with his most
masterful manner.

  “ Don’t be alarmed,’’ he said; “ no one
is going to harm you or distress you!”

  She smiled, then, gratefully, and glanced
curiously at Louise. Louise did not smile.
She regarded George and Mable with vague
detachment. She often viewed perform-
ances that way at the theater.

  It was Garry, then, who took the situa-
tion in hand.

  “ We asked you to come here,” he said,
“ because we want you to answer a ques-
tion—quite a simple question, really, but
an important one. So please be sure when

This story began in the Argosy’Allstory Weekly for October 28.
THE DANCE OF DEATH.

279

you answer it that you are telling the ab-
solute and simple truth. Has Mr. Mil-
burne left your party during the evening?”
Mable looked from Garry to George Mil-
bume.

  “ Why, no—I don't believe so,” she an-
swered slowly, “ unless it was when I left
the table to dance!”

  “ Then you cannot declare upon your
oath that he did not leave the table,’’ put
in Louise Milburne eagerly.

  “ No,” admitted Mable, and then added
curiously, “ why do you ask?”

  Garry and Silvers exchanged a question-
ing glance. They were undecided about
revealing the truth—but George Milburne
was troubled by no such uncertainty.

  “ Because Guy da Costa has been mur-
dered here to-night, and they suspect me
of murdering him.” he said.

  She stared, round-eyed, her thick lashes
brushing her cheek.

  “ Murdered?” she gasped. “ Guy?
Good Heavens'” And then, with a wise
little shake of her bobbed red head; “ Well,
I often thought he'd be lucky to get away
clean with the deals he pulled off! But
why suspect you?” she protested, as that
phase of the matter dawned upon her.
“ Why should you want to murder Guy?”
“ He threatened his life—only to-night
—at dinner,” said Garry.

  “ Ah—at dinner!” nodded Mable. “ Per-
haps he did. then! He had an idea that
Guy was interested in Mrs. Milburne; but
when I saw how upset he was about it, I
told him the truth! And after that he
didn't give Guy another thought. He
chuckled over it all the time Guy and I
were dancing.”

  “ Chuckled over what?” asked Louise.

  “ The game Guy was playing with you,”
said Mable.

  ** Game?” repeated Louise, raising her
arched brows.

  “ Do you mean that Guy da Costa was
not interested in Mrs. Milburne?” asked
Garry.

  “ Of course not—not redly!”

  Louise regarded the red-haired girl in-
tently.

  “ You seem to speak with some convic-
tion.'' she said slowly.

  “ I do,” answered Mable. “ You see, I
don't want to hurt your feelings, but this
seems to be a pretty serious mess, and Guy
told me all about it only this afternoon.
That’s funny, don’t you think? He
dropped in at my place about five for cock-
tails, and we got talking. You know how
you will when you've had a couple of drinks
and you’re feeling comfy?”

  Louise did not nod understanding^, did
not even alter the expression of her face by
a shade; she merely waited. Garry broke
the silence.

  “ Well?” he prompted.

  “ Well, Guy and I—we understand each
other pretty well. He always had his eye
on the main chance, and so had I; and he
was looking out for himself, just as I was.
When you’re depending on the public for
support, you’ve got to look sharp, because
somebody else was the favorite yesterday,
and there’s going to be a new one to-mor-
row. You can bank on that! Some girls
go in for * love ’! I’ve always gone in for
something more substantial and lasting—
like money or jewels or furs or stock. A
girl has got to look ahead, you see, and a
fellow like Guy, too. Of course he never
expected a finish like this! So he was look-
ing to feather his nest against the time
when he wouldn’t be able to dance any
more—or somebody else would be getting
the crowd. The best way he could figure to
do that was to marry some wealthy girl.
Katherine Kendall was the one he was try-
ing to land!"

  “ He told you this?” cried Garry-.

  “ Yes. He said he was just playing Mrs.
Milburne along for what he could get out
of her—and out of knowing her well. He
said he'd looked into her affairs and she
had very little money in her own right. It
was mostly George’s money, and Mrs. Mfl-
bume mightn't get a sou if she got a di-
vorce. He said he couldn’t see himself
taking a chance like that—not with the
Kendall girl in the running. He said he
was just waiting for the right moment to
stage an elopement!”

  “ It isn't true!” cried Louise passionate-
ly. “ This girl is lying to clear George.
Don't you see? They think if they can
prove that Guy didn't love me—George
230

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

 would have had no motive. But I can
 prove Guy did love me. I have his letters
 —love letters!"

   “ Sure. Why shouldn’t he write you
 love letters if you wanted them?” asked
 Mable naively. li He had nothing to fear.
 He knew you would never use them against
 him. And they might encourage you to
 write some back to him that he could use!”
 Louise smiled coldly.

   “ I’m afraid, my girl, your story won't
 quite convince a jury—against my love let-
 ters—in the light of your relations with
 George!”

   “ If you’re afraid of anything,” said
 George, “ it’s facing the truth—that this
 rascally Sicilian was only using you to fur-
 ther his own ends!”

   “ It was the Kendall girl he was using,”
 said Louise, “ to safeguard my reputation.
 He told me so, over and over again—and
 wrote it to me, too!”

   “ You persist, then, in this mad belief
 that I killed him? You purpose to press
 the charge?” cried Milbume.

   “ Unless I am convinced that the guilt
 lies elsewhere,” answered Louise. “ Con-
 vinced, too, by unassailable proof!”

   For an instant he was Inarticulate with
 rage. Then—

   “ Y"ou hell-cat!'’ he roared, his face
 growing almost purple. “ Y'ou’d drag my
 name m the dirt without a second thought!
 YTou’d flaunt your shame before the eyes of
 the world—from the front of every news-
 paper in town! Maybe you’d go on the
 stand and tell your story. You—Mott!
 Thinking about avenging your dirty, low-
 down lover instead of what you owe to my
 family and my name. And this is what I
 get for picking you out of obscurity and
 putting you where you are. I set you too
 high. You can’t be happy in my class—
 among my friends.”

   Louise observed him with perfect calm-
 ness and some curiosity.

   “ Yrour friends?” she repeated. “ Miss
 —er—Scott—and the rest?”

   “ You leave me out of this! ” cried
 Mable.

“ My dear George,” said Louise, “ the
obscurity you picked me out of was a hap-
py and respectable home in Philadelphia.

where my family has lived since Colonial
days—and the eminence you lifted me to
was the proud place by your side, which I
have shared with Miss Scott, and Miss 01-
cott, and God knows how many others.
Really, you know, for one who spends his
nights in such places as this, you are being
most illogical and inconsistent and absurd
when you speak of my dragging your name
in the dust. I have been infinitely more
particular and discreet than you have been
—infinitely! ”

   “ If I had known all this at dinner time,”
he answered, choking, “ I should not even
have thought of killing Da Costa. I should
have killed you! I wish I had. I only
wish I had!”

   “ Mil bur tier cried Silvers, horrified.
And—

   “ George/” gasped Mable.

   “ Yes.” said Louise, “ it is really too bad
you didn’t, my dear George. It would have
been better all around—even for me. What
a pity you only get these inspirations when
it is too late!”

   He was speechless.

   Garrv, studying him, was unable to de-
cide whether he had been guilty of the mur-
der or not. He was precisely the sort of
man who would have felt obliged to cleanse
the stigma from his family name by just
such means—if he had credited Guy’s re-
lationship with Louise; precisely the sort
to safeguard himself, too, beforehand, by
arranging for Mable to supply the neces-
sary alibi: and Mable would have supplied
it, too, for a price, in spite of her boasted
intimacy with the murdered man. On the
other hand, their story might be true. It
was a difficult problem to decide.

   The most baffling thing about life is that
one never knows whether some one else is
telling the truth or not! One feels that it
is the truth or one does not! One is con-
vinced by evidence or one is not—but one
never really knous! We can’t creep into
another’s mind and investigate. We must
just believe or disbelieve.

   A woman says “ I love you!” She says
it with melting eyes, and we believe. Per-
haps we go through life believing — and
everything she says or does seems to indi-
cate that what she has said she means,
THE DANCE OF DEATH.

281

 But ive never know. What goes on in her
 secret mind and heart—only she knows—
 and God.

 So now Garry stared at Milburne—and
 wished that he could see into the mind be-
 hind those angry, shifting eyes.

   Did he kill Guy da Costa to avenge his
 honor, or did he not?

   Did Da Costa mean to double-cross
 Katherine or Louise? If he could only be
 made to speak. But he was dead. His
 lips were sealed for all time. Who could
 say what his real intentions were?

   “ Suppose we send for Miss Kendall,”
 said Silvers suddenly, “ and see what she
 has to say in regard to this!”

   “ In regard to what?” asked Garry.

   “ This—this controversy. She may be
 able to supply just the evidence we need—
 the conclusive proof!”

   “ That’s not a bad idea,” chuckled Mil-
 burne. “ Bring them face to face, eh?
 The women Da Costa loved! Quite a dra-
 matic scene!”

   “ Bring her, if you like,” said Louise.

 “ As George so cleverly observes—we shall
 have one interest in common, at any rate.
 Wre both adored him.”

   Garry hesitated.

   “ Will you go and get her?” asked Sil-
 vers, “ or shall I send a waiter?”

    “ I'll go,” said Garry, slowly. He dread-
 ed the effect of such a trying interview on
 the already overwrought girl; but he dared
 not object, lest he seem to be striving to
 conceal something. He turned and left the
 little office at once; but he frowned as he
 entered the supper room and let his eyes
 ■wander over the dancers.

   He saw her almost at once—and cut in.

   “ Well?” she asked, breathlessly, and so
 appealingly that his heart ached for her.
 “ Any news? Is it over?”

   “ Not yet,” he said gravely, and winced
   as he saw the light of hope die in her beau-
   tiful eyes.

   ** Oh,” she whispered, laying her head
   against him like -a child; “ I’m so tired.
   So-o tired!”

   He held her close—so close that he could
   feel her heart beat.

   “ If I could only spare you all this,” he
   murmured in agony in her ear.

  “ I know,” she said, looking up at him
gratefully. There w'as the brilliant glitter
of tears in her eyes. “ But I deserve it!
I’ve been so foolish! It’s my own fault—
all of it. I deserve whatever happens. I’ve
been so willful and—and I knew better.
I just wanted to be wild and reckless and
to court danger. I liked playing with fire.
I was bored! And I was filled up with
silly romances. I knew’—always—that he
wasn’t my kind—..that I didn’t really care
about him—not really with ail that is best
in me. I deserve whatever comes.”

   He laid his cheek against her hair.

  “ You’ve been splendid, though — to-
night,” he said. “ So brave and strong.
I’m proud of you. It takes a big person to
admit to having been small. Any one who
admits that he’s been wrong is all right!”
“ Dear Garry,” she whispered, tearfully.
“Do you think you could go through
another interview—rather a trying one?”
he asked.

   “ Yes,” she answered, and her voice did
not falter, though it was an effort to keep
it firm,

   “ Louise Milburne is here,” he explained,
“ and Silvers wrants to bring you face to
face.”

   She nodded.

  “ WTiy not? I have nothing to hide
from her or any one! I’ve told all I know;
but I don’t mind telling it again—or adding
anything that might be of use.”

   “ Wre’ll stop near the door, then,” he said,
“ and slip away. They're waiting in Sil-
vers’s office!”

   An instant later he opened the door and
ushered her in.

CHAPTER XXI.

LIAR, CHEAT AND CAD.

AS Katherine entered the little office,

, Louise Milburne raised her head,
and the eyes of the two women met
appraisingly—rather like swordsmen about
to engage. It was not that there was ani-
mosity in either glance! It was just that
combatants instinctively gage each other.

  One was a woman of the world—world-
ly—a little embittered—very disappointed
282

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

     in life as she had found it—perfectly poised
   and brilliantly self-assured. She was a per-
   fect specimen of her type. The other was
   a girl, impulsive, young, with most of her
   illusions intact—and all of her freshness.
   With lips slightly parted, and eyes wide
   and a little wistful, she regarded Louise,
   and then the others, bravely. And there
   was something about her apparent inno-
   cence very different from Mable’s. There
   was no artificiality about Katherine. She
   had adopted no pose. She was frankly
   herself. And so they all realized as she
   stood there, waiting — expectant — a little
   frightened, but striving hard not to betray
   that.

    “Mrs. Milburne!” she said, by way of
   greeting to the older woman, and inclined
   her fluffy head slightly.

    “How do you do?” said Louise Milburne,
   nodding in return. “ I did not think you
   would remember me—though we have met,
   haven’t we?”

    “ Yes. I remember you perfectly, of
   course,” said Katherine.

    Was she thinking of seeing Louise com-
ing out of Guy’s apartment at two o’clock
one night? Garry wondered.

    “ I was quite sure we’d met,” went on
Louise slowly. “ Where was it, by the
way? At poor Guy’s rooms—was it not?
He gave such nice parties, didn’t he?”

   “ I really don’t know,” answered Kath-
erine. “ I never went to his parties. And
I’ve never been to his rooms.”

  “ No?”

   “No!” answered the girl, emphatically.
“He asked me—a number of times—and
assured me that awfully nice people went;
but I was not especially interested in Guy’s
friends.”

   Louise smiled.

   “ But you liked Guy, didn’t you?” she
murmured.

   u No, I didn’t like him,” answered Kath-
 erine. “ He attracted me. Did you like
 him?”

   “ I loved him,” said Louise Milburne
with sudden passion.

   Katherine looked at her—and then slow-
ly round at the others who were looking on
as at a scene at a play—George Milburne,
Silvers, Mable Scott, and Garry.

      “ I’m sorry,” was all that she could find
     to say.

      “ I was planning to divorce my husband
    so that we could marry,” went on Louise.

     “ Did Guy know of this?” asked Kath-
    erine.

      George Milburne laughed; Louise’s white
     face flushed.

      “I’m sorry,” cried Katherine contritely.
   “ I wasn’t trying to be funny—or imperd-
   nent. I just wondered how far he was re-
   sponsible in your decision to take such a
   step!”

      “ Do you suppose I would have planned
   such a thing if he had not urged it upon
   me?” asked Louise grimly.

      “ No—of course not! I cannot conceive
   of it. And yet— Oh, he was dreadful—
   he was beneath contempt! For he was urg-
   ing me to marry him always!”

      “ He was urging you?” repeated Louise.
   “ Yes—truly. I have letters—any num-
   ber of them — begging me. We scarcely
   met without his pleading with me to elope.
   And when I taxed him with being seen
   about a great deal with you, he—please
   forgive me, but I must tell the truth,
   mustn’t I? He said that you sought him
   out—that you cared about him—and that
   he was only trying to be kind and not hurt
   you because you cared.”

     Louise laughed softly.

    “ That’s exactly what he told me about
 you,” she said. “ And that his being seen
 so much with you safeguarded my reputa-
 tion! ”

     “ He was not sincere with either one of
 us, you see,” said Katherine gravely, turn-
 ing to the others. “ He was deceiving as
 both. And God knows how many more.”

   “ He was sincere with me,” cried Louise.

 “ I know it!”

   “Oh, no!” protested Katherine, “he
 wasn’t! Don’t go on fooling yourself—and
 caring! He wasn’t worth it! He wasn’t
 worthy of you—or me! He deserves what
 he got—and he got it because he was the
 kind of man he was! You and I — we
 found him charming, handsome, romantic.
 And we let his physical appeal blind us to
 his lack of real virtues. But now—what’s
 the use of refusing to face the truth? Let
 us forget him—the whole incident! Let us
THE DANCE OF DEATH.

283

recognize him for the liar and cheat and
cad that he was.”

   She spoke passionately, with the fire and
intensity of righteous indignation. For she
had played fair with Da Costa! She had
been quite frank with him always—and he
had never been!

   “ I believe you hiew that he really loved
me—and you killed him! ” cried Louise.
Katherine stood staring—speechless. -
“ Why, every word you've said convicts
you,” went on Louise fiercely. “ I believe
you found out that he’d been deceiving you
—that it was hopeless—your passion for
him—and you wrere so enraged you struck
him down!”

  “Nonsense!” cried Katherine. “I
couldn’t kill any one! As for Guy — I
didn’t really understand him until after-
ward! He was dead when I reached that
little room, I tell you! And I went there,
feeling about him as I had felt all along for
months. It was only as I looked at him
lying there—and things began to be re-
vealed—that—that I reconstructed my im-
pression of him. I don’t know how it was,
but whatever the spell was that he had cast
over me seemed to pass with his passing,
and I saw him plainly for the first time. It
was a kind of hypnotism, I think. And
when he died it left me free, and humiliated
and ashamed.”

   “ You say he was dead when you readied
the little room?” asked Louise.

  “Yes!”

  “ The little room where he wTas mur-
dered?”

  “Yes!”

   “ You were the first to reach him after-
ward?”

   “ Yes,” said Katherine.

   All this was news to Louise. She looked
from the girl to the others.

   “ Well, I was wrong,” she said. “ It was
not George who killed him — though he
died because he was going away with me.
Don’t you see it—all of you? Why, it’s so
plain! Katherine Kendall struck him down
—in a jealous rage—when she learned the
truth!”

   “I am afraid that you are right, Mrs.
Milburne!” said Silvers.

  “Nonsense, I tell you!” cried Garry.

 “ There wasn’t time! I was at the foot of
 the stairs! She had scarcely entered the
 room when she screamed, and I followed
 her in! ”

 “ How many minutes elapsed?” asked
 Silvers.

 Garry reflected.

 “ Only two or three,” said Katherine,
 with trembling lips. “ I just went in—and
 I didn’t see him. I crossed the room to
 the smoking room, but he wasn’t there!
 Then I came back again—and saw him ly-
 ing behind the door. And I screamed!”

 “ That would have taken quite a few
 minutes, I should say,” put in Louise.

 “ But I didn’t kill him! I didn’t! I
 didn't I” whispered Katherine hoarsely.

 She was near the breaking point, now.
 Garry laid his hand on her arm.

 “ Steady! ” he begged gently.

 “ I should like a few moments talk with
 Miss Kendall — alone,” said Silvers sud-
 denly.

 “Why?” asked Garry?, facing him.

 “ Never mind why. I’ve been mighty
 patient with you! I’ve run the risk of get-
 ting myself in wrong with the police! I’ve
 given you time to look for evidence! I’ve
 gone just about as far as I’m going, and
 that’s flat! Now, I want a talk with this
 girl alone, and if you’re not satisfied with
 that I'll call the police! And I’ll tell you
 one thing that’s sure—they won’t be as
 easy on her as I’ll be!”

 “ Let him talk to me, Garry. Why not?”
 said Katherine.

 He yielded.

 “ Very well,” he said. ei I’ll wait just
 outside!”

 “ And we’ll go back to our table, if no-
 body objects,” said George Milburne. “ I
 need a drink!”

 He opened the door. Mable passed out.
 He turned to Louise.

 “Will you join us, my dear?” he asked
 cynically.

 “Thank you, no!” she answered calmly.

 “Very well, my dear! Just as you
 please. See you later.”

 He was gone.

 “ Let me get you a table—in a corner
 somewhere,” said Garry.

 “ Thank you.”
284

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  She took his arm for support, and went
with him into the supper room, where
Charlie had a small table set up for her in
a corner—and served champagne.

   In the office, Silvers fixed Katherine with
sharp, determined eyes.

  “ Now,” he announced firmly, “ we are
going to get the truth!"

CHAPTER XXII.

A KNOCK AT THE DOOR.

“ ¥’VE told you the truth,” declared Katli-
I erine, earnestly; “ all of it—everything
I know, truly, Mr. Silvers!’’

  “I don’t believe you!” said Silvers
grimly.

  “ Mr. Silvers!” cried Katherine weakly.
“I don’t believe you!” he repeated.
“ You can take in this Carpenter fellow be-
cause he’s in love with you, and he’d be-
lieve you if you told him the earth was
square; but I’m not in love with you, see?
I’m a plain, practical man, with a lot of
common sense, and I say it looks to me
like you killed Da Costa! ”

  “ I didn’t!” protested Katherine.

  “ Come on, now. The wisest thing for
you to do is own up to it, and get a good
lawyer and trust him and your youth and
your sex and your looks to get you out of
this mess! I tell you straight, it looks
fishy, and you’ll never get away with this
story you’re telling now!”

  “ But it’s true!’’ cried Katherine.

  “ We’ve still got men on juries,” said
Silvers, “ and as long as we have, there ain’t
one chance in a million of your going to
the chair! After all, Da Costa 2vas a rot-
ter, and you’ve got money enough to get a
damned good defense framed up for you.
He’s dead, and nobody much cares, as far
as I can see, except maybe Mrs. Milburne,
and I hate to think what public opinion is
going to do to her if she goes on the stand
and spills the tale she spilled here! So
come along! Give us the real facts! I
assure you I’m giving you exactly the same
advice I’d give my own girl if she was in
your place! The truth has a way of leak-
ing out when you least expect it to—and
in a way you never figured on—and then—

well—everything looks so much worse be-
cause you’ve been trying to hide things'
Better take my tip, young woman, and give
us the dope!”

  “ But I tell you I have! I’ve told you
everything I know about the murder!
Everything!''

  “ Well, maybe,” he growled disgustedly;
“ but I don’t believe you! And what’s
more—no jury will believe you, either!”
He walked the length of the little office
disgustedly, biting on a cigar. His brow
was knitted. His eyes glittered thought-
fully.

  “ Suppose you weren't connected with
this case yourself,” he said finally, “ and
somebody came to you with these facts:
Here’s a man found dead. A girl he’s been
making love to comes out of the room
where he is and says she found him mur-
dered. But he’s still w’arm and bleeding.
It’s plain the deed has just been done!
And there’s no other exit to the room—no
other way anybody could have got out.
Then, added to this, the fact that he was
planning to elope the same night with an-
other woman. And, certain letters of hers
are produced in which she admits she feels
like killing him, and she’s jealous of the
other woman in question. Well, what
would you say yourself?”

  She was staring at him.

  “ Did you say certain letters can be pro-
duced? My letters?”

  “Yes!” said he.

  “ My letters to Guy?”

  “ Yes! I have ’em in the safe, yonder.
Want to see them?”

  “ Please!”

  She sat breathless, her hands clenched
together, while he manipulated the combi-
nation, opened the safe, found the letters,
and brought them to her.

  “ Well?” he asked, holding them out in
plain view.

  She caught her lower lip between her
teeth and bit into it. Her eyes were terri-
fied. Tears slowly filled them.

  “ Well?” he said again. “ They are
yours, aren’t they?”

  “ Yes,” she said, throwing up her head.
l' I won’t lie. I don’t care what you find
out—or what you think- -or what they do
THE DANCE OF DEATH.

285

to me! I’m going to stick to the truth and
tell only that! They are my letters -written
to Guy. And I was jealous of Louise—and
I did speak about wanting to kill him. But
I didn’t kill him! I didn’t! / didn't!”

   She was on the verge of hysterics, now'.
 “Hold on!” he cried gruffly. “Tears
 ain't going to get you anything!”

  She buried her head in her arms and be-
gan to sob. And Garry, hovering outside,
opened the door and came in in violent
haste. He glared at Silvers.

  “ Katherine! Katherine!” he whispered
soothingly, laying his hand on her heaving
shoulders. And turning, then, upon Sil-
vers, shouted: “ What have you been say-
ing to her?”

   “ I've been telling her straight that the
 case against her looks bad—that everybody
 thinks she did it except you—and you’d
 think so, too, if you weren’t in love with
 her! She’s got to know how things stand,
 man, and face the music! This show' is
 about over!”

  “ Don’t listen to him—don’t mind him,”
said Garry to the girl. “ I believe in you!
And I’ll move heaven and earth to estab-
lish your innocence! You just trust me!”
With her head still hidden, she reached
for his hand and clung to it.

  “ Well, you can do as you like about
that,” said Silvers. “ After I’ve turned her
over to the police! That’s my duty and
I’m going to do it!”

  “ Not yet, you’re not,” said Garry.
“ You gave me your word you w'ouldn’t
until daybreak, and we’ve got a little time
left before then!”

    "All right; but you don’t think you’re
going to accomplish anything, do you?”
said Silvers. “ I tell you—the further you
go into this thing the worse you make it
look for the girl. Better get her to plead
guilty and let some good lawyers frame up
a defense for her!”

 Katherine raised her tear-wet face.
 “No!” she cried. “I won’t have it!
 I’d rather die maintaining my plea of in-
 nocence than plead guilty and go free. I
 didn’t kill him and I won’t say I did. Not
 even if I can save my life that way!”

    “ Brave girl! ” said Garry softly, with
   shining eyes.

 She smiled at him.

 “ I’ve been a little fool,” she said; “ but
 I’ve only been foolish, not wicked, not law-
 less. And that's all over, now. I’m going
 to settle down into a sensible woman.
 You’ll see!”

 Silvers scratched his head.

 “ I wish to God I could believe her,” he
 said grimly.

 “/ can—and do!” «aid Garry.

 Katherine was rouging her lips again,
 powdering her nose, fluffing out her hair
 with dexterous little pats and tugs. Both
 men watched her thoughtfully.

 “ Well,” said Silvers, finally, w'hen she
 had finished, “ what is the next move?
 I give you until daybreak, as I said I would.
 And I’ll help you all I can. I can be that
 game, anyway!”

 Garry stood wrapped in thought.

 “ First of all, Katherine must go back
 to the supper room, of course,” he said.

 “ Must I?” she exclaimed wearily. “ If
 you knew how hard it is to grin and dance,
 and feel all the time that you must faint
 w'ith the suspense, the terror. I don’t think
 I can stand much more of it! ”

 “ You must,” said Garry quietly.

 “ Very well,” she agreed, with a catch in
 her breath. “I’ll try! I’ll go on until I
 drop.”

 He laid his hand on the doorknob to
 open the door and usher her back to the
 dance floor.

 “ And, meanwhile?” asked Silvers, ar-
 resting him.

 Garry hesitated.

 lt Meanwhile,” he said, “ I don’t know*.
 I must think.”

 And then there came a knock on the door
 from the other side.

CHAPTER XXIII.

ENTER A CORSICAN.

GARRY opened it, and confronted a
waiter who stood there, somewhat
startled to find Silvers not alone.

 He w»as a small, dark man, with strange-
 ly set dark eyes—eyes set somewhat aslant
 in his face so that he looked always as
 though he were just starting to smile. He
286

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

 had rather a long, pointed nose that gave
 him an inquisitive air; his mouth was large
 and never quite closed. For the rest, he
 wore the conventional green and gold livery
 that all the waiters at the King of Clubs
 wore. And yet he did not look exactly
 like the others. There was something
 about him that set him apart—something
 intangible, perhaps an air—a way of carry-
 ing his head-—a wav of tossing back his
 thick black hair. He was a type that one
 would be apt to remember. All this Garry
 observed in an instant as the man stood
 hesitating in the doorway.

   “ Mr. Silvers, please—pardon,” he said
 ■somewhat awkwardly, and with a decided
 Italian accent. “ I was looking for Mr.
 da Costa!”

   “ Da Costa?” repeated Garry, quickly.
 “ What do you want of Da Costa?”

   The waiter hesitated, scrutinizing Garry.
 “ It’s all right, Napoleon, speak up,” said
 Silvers reassuringly, and added to Garry
 and Katherine, “ He’s Da Costa’s personal
 bootlegger, and he suspects you of being
 government officials, I think!”

   At that Napoleon smiled broadly.

   “ Oh, no,” he protested, with a gesture
 that appealed for sympathetic comprehen-
 sion. “ But I saw that Mr. Silvers was
 with friends! And I hesitated to disturb
 him. For, after all, it was only Mr. da
 Costa that I want to speak with!”

   “ I’m afraid that’s impossible, Napoleon.
 He’s—gone,” said Garry.

   “ Gone?” Napoleon regarded him with
 round, bright, shrewd eyes, for all the world
 like a bird. He turned from Garry to Sil-
 vers, inquiringly. “ That’s very strange,”
 he said.

   “ Strange?” repeated Silvers.

   “ Well, you see, he told me to come right
back!” explained Napoleon. “ He said he
would wait upstairs in the little room, but
I have been up there, and the door, it is
locked, and nobody come when I knock.”
“ I see. Da Costa sent you somewhere,
did he?” asked Garry.

   Napoleon observed him. His face was
suddenly masklike. He was becoming
aware of something unusual in the atmos-
phere—a strangeness. He was suddenly
alert and on guard.

 “ Yes. Somewheres,” he answered, non-
 committally.

 “ Where?" asked Silvers, obeying a
 glance from Garry.

 i: Well, you see,” said Napoleon, “ he
 couldn’t go himself because he got to dance
 some more, and then there was the under-
 standing that the doors, they remain locked.

 But Napoleon can go out the back way and
 nobody even miss him, you see?”

 He smiled ingratiatingly.

 “ Go where?” asked Silvers again.

 “ On the errand for Mr. da Costa,” said
 Napoleon.

 “ What errand?”

 “ Mr. da Costa tell me not to tell,” said
 Napoleon. “ I’m sorry. But Mr. da Cos-
 ta, he get me this job, see. And he tell me
 not to tell nobody!”

 “Just the same, you'd better tell,” said
 Garry. “ Da Costa's gone—and he isn’t
 going to come back! And you’re liable to
 get into trouble with the police if you don’t
 tell what you know!”

 “ Mr. da Costa, he got in trouble with
 the police?” asked Napoleon.

 “ Never mind that! Where did he send
 you—and what for?” asked Garry.
 Napoleon shrugged regretfully.

 “ I am Corsican,” he said.

 “ Well, what has that got to do with it?”
 asked Silvers.

 “ Corsican,” explained Napoleon, “ never
 break his promise!”

 Garry looked at Silvers in exasperation.

 “ Suppose they put you in jail if you re-
 fuse to tell what you know?” asked Silvers.

 “ I have been in jail lie fore,” said Na-
 poleon casually. “ Probably go again any-
 way sometime maybe! American jails not
 so bad. Italian jails, they are jails!”

 He smiled.

 “ Then you persist in your refusal,” said
 Garry.

 “ I’m very sorry,” said Napoleon. “ Too
 bad I am born Corsican.”

 Nobody could have been more polite or
 more obdurate.

 Napoleon turned slowly to go; Garry
 stopped him.

 “ Wait just a minute. Answer me this,
 then: How long have you known Da Cos-
 ta?” he asked.
THE DANCE OF DEATH.-

287

 Napoleon turned back with alacrity,
 now.

  “ Me, I have known him years and years.
  Since Italy,” he said.

  “ You knew him on the other side?” cried
  Silvers incredulously.

 “ Yes. We was boys together, there,”
 said Napoleon. “ Mr. da Costa he is Tony
 Costello, then. Corsican, too, like me!”

  “ So his name was not really Da Costa?”
  cried Garry.

 “ Who knows?” asked Napoleon of the
 world at large.

 “ I mean it was not always Da Costa?”

 “ No. He was Tony Costello in Italy."

 “ And when he came over he changed
 it?” asked Garry. “ Why?”

  "Napoleon frowned.

 “ Why you want to know all these
 things? Are you of the police?” he asked.

 “ No,” answered Garry, “ I am riot.
 Mr. Silvers, here, and I, are working to
 keep the police out of this. So if you want
 to help us—and Da Costa—you’ll tell us
 whatever you can!”

    Napoleon was plainly troubled.

    “ How can I help when I don’t know
 what Da Costa has done?” he asked.

    “ It is not what Da Costa has done,”
 said Garry quietly, “ it is what some one
 else has done to him.”

    Napoleon’s eyes suddenly lighted with a
  gleam of understanding.

    “ Ah! Some one is after him! That is
 why he has gone away?” he cried.

    “ Exactly! Some one desired to kill him
  to-night,” said Garry.

    Napoleon’s eyes narrowed. He nodded.

    “ That might happen to any man,” he
 said. “ In Corsica, killings occur every
 day. Where the blood is hot the passions
 are fierce!” He looked from one to the
 other meditatively. “ But it is not like
 Tony to run away,” he added. “ That is
 not the Corsican way.”

    Suddenly he drew a long breath; his nos-
  trils quivered; he threw back his head.

    “ No,” he cried in a ringing voice. “ He
  has not run away! Your English tricked
  me; but now’ I understand! Some one has
  not only desired to kill him! Some one has
  killed him!”

    “ Well—yes,” Garry admitted.

   u And you wish to keep out the police?
You wish to avenge this deed yourselves?
That is the Corsican way,” he nodded ap-
provingly. “ The Vendetta! In this I will
help! ”

   “ Can you?” asked Katherine wistfully,
coming forward for the first time.

  Napoleon smiled broadly; his teeth
flashed; and from somewhere in the vicinity
of his hip pocket he drew suddenly a stil-
etto, wickedly narrow of blade, and sharp
and bright!

   “ My blade,” he said dramatically, “ will
 drink the murderer’s blood! I swear it!”
 Garry seized his arm. Katherine shrank
 back with a little cry.

   “ No, thanks,” he said. “ We don’t want
any more killings. To turn him over to the
law is vengeance just the same. And you
won’t have to pay the death penalty!”

   “ To the Corsican,” said Napoleon, “ the
death penalty in such an affair like this is
a great honor! Tony was my friend since
years. Still, to live is pleasanter than to
die. I will not use the stiletto! There are
other ways!”

   tf But you have not told us yet on what
sort of errand he sent you?” said Garry.

   “ I cannot tell! I have given my word
as a Corsican,” said Napoleon, “ to tell no
one of this errand! But I did not promise
not to show what I was bringing back to
him! ”

   He beamed as he thought of this way
out of the difficulty, and produced from his
pocket an envelope. Opening it, he dis-
played its contents.

   “ Steamer tickets for two — aboard the
steamship Queen of Italy!” cried Garry.
“ Made out for Mr. and Mrs. Antonio Cos-
tello!”

   “ So he was intending to elope! ” cried
Silvers. “ But with whom?”

  They all looked at Napoleon. He
shrugged.

   t: When one has money,” he said, “ wom-
en are devoted. And to Tony one was
much like another. Maybe he had not yet
decided. Eh?”

   “ Then you don’t think a woman might
have killed him?”

   Napoleon shrugged.

  “ Maybe,” he said; “ but American
288

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  women are not so quick to kill as our wom-
  en of Italy. Not so violent in love; not
  so violent in hate. I think it was a man
  killed Tony—some man he feared. When
  he called me to go on this errand—fear
  looked from his eyes.”

     “ What makes you think it was a man he
  feared?” asked Garry. “ Might it not have
  been a w’oman?”

    “No! Tony was not afraid of women!
  He has turned back a knife before this
  with a smile and a kiss. And a sweet word
  will stop a bullet—if a woman hold the
  gun. But with a man it is different!”
  Garry nodded.

    “I dare say—yes!” he agreed. '‘But
  how are we going to find the guilty man
  in those-crowded rooms downstairs?”

     “I will find him,’’ said Napoleon confi-
  dently.

  “ How?”

  Napoleon shrugged.

   “ It is simple. I will find the man whose
   nerves are jumping—whose ears are listen-
   ing—whose eyes dart this way and that!

  A man who has done a thing like this can-
  not look or act like other men. Sharp eyes
  can seek him out.”

  “ And if you find him—you’ll come and
  tell me?” asked Garry.

  “ When I find him,” repeated Napoleon,

“ I will come and tell you!”

  He turned, then, without another word,
and vanished. And as he went his feet—
in soft-soled waiters’ shoes—made no
sound. Katherine and Garry and Silvers
looked at one another.

   “ I am glad he is not on my trail,” said
Katherine. “ A man like that would stop
at nothing. He’s dreadful! Didn’t you
feel it? Dreadful!”

  Garry nodded.

  “ Dreadful enough,” he said, “ to have
committed the murder himself!”

CHAPTER XXIV.

THE HUNTER AND THE HUNTED.

SILVERS shook his head in perplexity.

“ If he had done it, and had got
away, he would never have come
back,” he said; “ especially with two tickets

  for Italy in his pocket—and the boat sail-
ing to-morrow!”

  “ Ah, but that’s just what he would have
done—a clever chap like that—to evade
suspicion,” smiled Garry. “ At first—act-
ing upon impulse—he might have run
away; but on second thought he would
have come straight back with the excuse
that Guy had sent him on an errand; and
he would have protested his friendship for
Guy—and would have started in an earnest
search for the murderer.”

  “ Do you mean that you seriously sus-
pect this man, now?” asked Katherine,
wide-eyed.

  Garry shrugged.

  “ I suspect every one—except you,” he
admitted.

  She slipped her hand through his arm
gratefully, and stood there clinging to him.

   “ It’s true,” said Silvers grimly, “ these
Wops will stick each other as quick as a
wink—over practically nothing, tuo! Hot
blood—as Napoleon himself said. You
never can tell! They ain’t like us at all!
And Napoleon could easily have got that
steak knife. I suppose he wouldn’t have
used his ow?n stiletto for fear of it being
recognized.”

  “ But had he a reason for killing Guy?”
asked Katherine.

  “ That’s just it! We don’t know,” said
Silvers.

  “ Well, no harm to wait a bit and see
what he does,” said Garry. “ It’s a long
way from daylight still. Shall we go and

dance?”

His eyes rested tenderly on the girl.

“ If you wish,” said she submissively.
Silvers nodded.

“ You’d better. And I’ll go and have a
few words with a friend of mine down there.

I haven’t seen him for years, and thanks
to this trouble, I’ve had to let him sit there
all evening by himself.”

  They left the office and moved toward
the supper rooms. To Katherine it seemed
as if the night had already lasted a long
lifetime; but the band was still playing
blatantly, the musicians were still smiling
cheerfully, and bursting into song when
their enthusiasm got too great to endure in
silence; the dancers still danced—if any-

                          8	A
THE DANCE OF DEATH.

289

thing more violently than ever. They had,
of course, been imbibing liquor steadily.
Some of the men wore paper caps on their
heads and looked inordinately silly in them 1
Paper tape of various colors had been
thrown and still Uttered the floor and hung
grotesquely from the chandeliers in long
festoons. Colored lanterns bobbed about,
and burst, one after another, with sudden,
sharp reports. But the waiters kept toss-
ing more in among the tables. These grown
up revelers were easily amused, now—fas-
cinated by the playthings of their children
and grandchildren.

  One gray-haired dowager had abandoned
her dancing partner to go struggling after a
miniature dirigible; while her partner—-a
youth in his twenties—pursued her amor-
ously. One fat man was leaning out, with
a cigar held ready, and was delightedly ex-
ploding the balloons as fast as he could.
He was as pleased over each success as
though it had been a victory on Wall
Street!

  A small, dark man, who looked like a
South American, was doing strange steps,
dipping and turning and whirling wildly,
to the supreme satisfaction of the very thin,
very blond, very notorious woman with
him; and they seemed quite unconscious
of the fact that they were colliding into
other couples whose angry glances and
murmured anathemas followed them. They
seemed to be absorbed in exhausting some
hellish energy that filled them with feverish
unrest.

  The room had grown very warm. The
revelers had grown noisier. Some of the
women did not look quite so immaculate or
well-groomed, now. Here, one had torn a
length of chiffon from her gown and left it
dragging; there, one went heedless of un-
tidy hair. And there were men with w'ilted
collars and ties awry. The flowers, too, had
begun to droop.

   As Katherine and Garry joined the
  dancers, Napoleon took up a position near
  the dance floor, and studied the gyrating
  couples with a casual eye that missed noth-
  ing.

    Although he had as yet no definite sus-
  picions against any of Da Costa’s quondam

     9	A

associates, he knew that the sight of a face
—or a glance swiftly averted—would pres-
ently crystallize various unrelated recollec-
tions floating in his mind, now', into a con-
nected chain; and that this chain would
lead him inevitably to the murderer.

  All this may make Napoleon appear to
be a clear-thinking individual with more
than an average allotment of intelligence;
but such was not the case. He was merely
a very shrewd Italian of the peasant class,
who had lived by his wits all his life; and
the peasant class, living close to the earth,
is apt to have instinctive sense strongly
developed. Napoleon did not reason things
out—not as a general thing, that is. He
felt things! He exercised a faculty in war-
fare similar to the faculty certain animals
employ.

   Very few deep-thinking men have this
faculty. It is not ordinarily part of the
masculine make-up. Animals have it, and
w’omen. And when women have it, wre call
it intuition. By some means that is never
clear to the logical mind, a woman will sud-
denly, startlingly arrive at the solution of
a problem, and will be right, though she
cannot support her decision by arguments
or proofs. Napoleon had this same ability
—at least to some small degree. And so he
felt that if he just watched and waited,
something would betray the guilty man to
him, if he was in the room.

   It was not that Napoleon relied upon
miracles! He knew enough of Da Costa’s
life and Da Costas friends to know just
•which particular individuals in that assem-
bly to study.

   Moffat I- ielding passed him, dancing with
Joan. He scrutinized them both with nar-
rowed eyes. Fielding he knew as one of
Da Costa’s former intimates—a youth for
whom Da Costa had often obtained drugs.
But Napoleon eliminated Fielding.

   Joan he knew as one of Da Costa’s cast-
off mistresses. But he eliminated Joan.

  George Milburne went by with Mable.
He studied them a long time dubiously,
feeling in Milburne a potential “ killer.’'
But eventually he dismissed him from his
mind. Milburne’s manner was not the
manner of a man who had guilt on his soul.
290

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

    It does not require a conscience to make
 guilt a burden hard to bear unflinchingly.
 It requires only a definite knowledge of the
 possible consequences.

   You kill, knowing that you are commit-
 ting a crime which is punishable by your
 own death if you are found out! This
 knowledge colors your future thoughts,
 your future movements, your future ac-
 tions. You cannot prevent it! You are
 alert! You are on guard! You are look-
 ing for suspicion to be directed upon you!
 You are listening for the advancing foot-
 steps of the pursuers! You are waiting—
 everlastingly waiting—to be caught! This
 shows in your eyes—in the poise of your
 head—in the way you hold vour hands.

    Napoleon, who had killed in his day, and
 had helped to trap others who had killed,
 knew these things well. So he continued
 his search. Here were these people locked
 in these rooms! Escape was impossible!
 The murderer knew that! He knew, like-
 wise, that there was a dead man on the
 floor above with a knife wound in his
 throat. It was a race between discovery
 of that body and the opening of the doors.
 He must be counting the minutes! You
 cannot sit counting the minutes and remain
 calm while your life hangs in the balance!
 You cannot dance and remain indifferent.
 Outwardly you may retain an appearance
 of serenity. But the signs will be there for
 those who can to read.

   Old Mrs. Chipman jounced by, more
 danced against than dancing. A sleek-
 haired blond young man from one of the
 English theatrical companies did his best
 to guide her hazardous course. Once Da
 Costa had so guided her. Indeed, it had
 been Da Costa who had first taught her to
 dance. But Napoleon wasted no time upon
 Mrs. Chipman or her latest consort. At
 the most, Da Costa had got out of her only
 a few occasional thousands in cash and
 some presents of jewelry. There was noth-
 ing there to furnish motive for a murder—
 no one inclined to commit the murder even
 if there had been a motive. Mr. Chipman
 did not care in the least with whom his
 wife amused herself, nor how much money
 she spent on her dancing partners. He
 could afford whatever she wanted, and he

 was still fond of her, in spite of her fool-
 ishness. After all, years of living together
 does create a kind of bond. So Mrs. Chip-
 man went ricochetting gayly on her way.

  Katherine caught his eye next. She
floated—in Garry’s arms—like a thing of
thistledown swept on by a breeze. And as
she danced she gazed off into space, wist-
fully—with dreaming eyes and red lips that
drooped at the corners. She was thinking
how safe she felt, with his arms about her,
and his lips whispering words of comfort
and encouragement against her shining hair.
She had known him for years, and yet had
never really known him until to-night—
certainly had never appreciated him before.
And the hot color flamed in her cheeks as
she recalled her folly over Da Costa, and
the fact that Garry knew of it! It seemed
incredible, now, that she had ever even
fancied herself caring for the dancer—that
she had, even for a mad instant, hesitated
between Garry and him. It had been a
kind of enchantment, she felt. It must
have been. And she trembled for her fu-
ture, so long as she was free to fall a prey
to others of his ilk. She clung to Garry at
the thought—clung close—almost desper-
ately, reassuring herself with the feel of
him there. And he smiled down at her
confidently, his heart beating fast. To hold
her close like this was to him his dreams
come true; for he had loved her all his life
—since first he had seen her, a long-legged
girl in a middy blouse, with curls to her
elbows. There had been no bobbed heads
then. He felt as though all that they had
gone through—and all that there was yet
to face—was as nothing if out of it was
born that lasting love between them for
which he had always hoped. There are
some men that love lightly and often, and
some men that love only once. Garry was
one of these. And Napoleon, watching
them, knew it, and realized that this man
would kill for this woman if the need arose.
But though he looked anxious—concerned
—he had not the mien of a guilt}' man nor
yet that of a hero.

  There was no one else on the dance floor
that Napoleon connected with Da Costa.
And he was disturbed, for a moment only.
Then he bethought him of the others, seat- ■
THE DANCE OF DEATH.

291

ed off among the scattered tables, and he
began slowly to traverse the room, his eyes
darting sharply left and right.

   He noted Mrs. Milburne and passed her
by. He noted Everton Bancroft, from
whom Da Costa had stolen Joan Olcott;
but he was leaning across the table, gazing
into the eyes of a younger beauty, and in
his dull, drink-dimmed eyes, and on his fat,
smug face there was no sign of guilt.

  He went on slowly — meeting with no
success until he came to the little niche
screened with palms, where Silvers sat fac-
ing Bartlett—and as Napoleon’s eyes fell
upon Bartlett, he stopped suddenly where
he was and stood staring, his jaw dropped,
his nostrils quivering.

   Bartlett was very pale, and was loung-
ing there calmly, but with an enforced calm
that hid a secret uneasiness. His ears lis-
tened strainedlv. In his eyes was a hunt-
ed, nervous look.

   Here were the signs he had been seeking.
And the significant fact was that here was
a man in whom the signs might easily be
weighty with meaning, for Napoleon knew
that Bartlett had known Tony Costello in
San Francisco! Napoleon knew just how
much Bartlett had done for Tony, and just
how badly Tony had treated Bartlett. Not
that he sympathized with Bartlett for the
way Tony had mistreated him. He merely
knew the facts and found in them a motive.
And he knew Bartlett and felt in him the
courage and strength of a man who might
easily reap his vengeance unaided.

He stood motionless — with palpitating
heart—wondering if Bartlett would remem-
ber him. True, he had been only a bus boy
on the Barbary Coast when Tony had first
danced there; but men who lived by their
wits, as Bartlett always had, usually had
an uncanny memory for faces.

  As Napoleon hesitated, pondering his
 next move, Silvers turned round and espied
 him.

   “ Here, bring me a glass of that Martel
  brandy, 1815,” he called.

   Napoleon bowed and backed off, an un-
   holy joy glowing warm in his breast. He
   knew that Silvers did not drink. He
   guessed that the brandy was intended for
   Bartlett. And he had a tiny white powder

in his wallet that would be tasteless in the
brandy, and that would pay Da Costa's
debt to Bartlett more quietly than a stiletto
wound, but just as effectively.

   Napoelon had been carrying the powder
for a long time, against just such an emer-
gency as this!

CHAPTER XXV.'

THE INNOCENT AND THE GUILTY.

SILVERS had felt some alarm upon re-
joining Bartlett, and finding him
crouched down in his chair, with vague
eyes and a colorless face; but Bartlett had
met all of his inquiries with shrugs of un-
concern, and it w-as not until Silvers sug-
gested the Martel brandy that Bartlett dis-
played any interest whatever. He was fond
of old brandy—indeed, in regard to liquors,
he had the discriminating taste of a con-
noisseur, and “ Martel, 1815,” tempted his
palate beyond endurance. Besides, there
was the chance that the fiery stuff might
lend him strength. It was stimulating and
sustaining, always. So he smiled and yield-
ed when Silvers proffered it.

   The brandy ordered, Silvers abandoned
the subject of Bartlett’s health, observing
that he did not like to dwell upon it, and
attempted to catch Bartlett’s interest by
returning to the matter of the murder
again. It was uppermost in his mind, any-
way, and he thought it might keep Bart-
lett’s mind off his own condition. It did!
He noted that at once, with satisfaction.
He recognized the light of quickening in-
terest in Bartlett’s eyes as soon as he began
to speak.

   “Well,” he said, “it looks as if we’ve
found the woman—the one who did Da
Costa, I mean! ”

   “ Yes?” prompted Bartlett.

   “ Got hold of some letters that ’11 settle
 it, 1 think. Funny how a woman can look
 as if butter wouldn’t melt in her mouth, and
 still have hell-let-loose inside her?”

   “ Some—fast woman?” asked Bartlett.
 “No — that’s the strangest part of it.
 One of the wealthiest girls in town—a so-
 ciety girl!”

“ Well,” said Bartlett, “ I guess it doesn't
292

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

    make much difference what class they’i
    born into—it’s what’s inside ’em will count
    in the end.” And then he added with ap-
    parent irrelevance: “ Shell be able to ex-
    ert influence and wealth in her behalf, any-
    way ! ”

      “ It ’11 be a nine days’ wonder when it
    gets out,” said Silvers. “ Front-page stuff
    —and it II ruin me here! This has been
    an unlucky night for me, all right—first
    losing my biggest asset—Da Costa—and
    then getting into a mess like this on my
    opening night here!”

      “I’ve got a little put by,” said Bartlett
    contritely, “ if you get in over your head.”

      “ Oh, I’ve got a little put by myself;
 thanks just the same,” Silvers assured him
 with a wink. “ But I don’t mean to cut
 into that if I can help it—not in times like
 these! If I can only handle this affair
 right, I might have my losses taken care of
 for me; but it takes tact! You won’t mind
 if I leave you again, will you? I got to
 keep my mind on this affair until it’s set-
 tled!”

    “ That’s all right! I kind of like to sit
 here quietly by myself,” Bartlett assured
 him, “ and just look on!”

 “Fine!” cried Silvers, nodding. “You
 just make yourself comfortable, and if you
 can’t get anything you want, let me know! ”
 He was off again. Bartlett gazed after
 his squat figure reflectively.

   “Make yourself comfortable/” There
 was something almost ludicrous in that
 parting injunction! As though he could
 possibly make himself comfortable there!
 Sitting stiffly upright when he ought to be
 bandaged and in bed. And sitting there,
 under the constant strain of their investi-
 gation — fearing lest at any minute they
 find his trail—fearing lest the napkin slip
 down at an unguarded moment and the
 blood stain be revealed—fearing lest his
 paltry strength give out before he had suc-
 ceeded in dragging his weary body home to
 safety.

 Make himself comfortable! Da Costa
was more comfortable, he thought, lying at
ease up there under his skimpy white cov-
ering. He feared nothing! He dreaded
nothing. He suffered nothing. The great
silence had engulfed him.

      And suddenly Bartlett got an odd idea!
    He wondered if it might not have been
    wiser to let Da Costa murder him! Surely
    he would have been happier—out there in
    the hereafter—knowing that his enemy was
    here, fearing, dreading, suffering. And then
    —if there was a future life—it would have
    been Da Costa who would have had to face
    his judges and exonerate himself.

       Bartlett had never thought about t!.e fu-
    ture life. He scorned himself now for
    thinking of such rubbish, and told himself
    that his loss of blood had muddled his
    brain—that his weakness was responsible.
    It had given him fancies.

      The idea of judgment, and a hell in
   which spirits burned eternally, and a
   heaven where harps were played! No, he
   really could not credit those things! Nor
   yet the strange life of which Conan Doyle
   and others were telling. Let the subject
   be! He would know in time—and take his
   medicine like a man, whatever it might be.

     Napoleon arrived—bearing a single glass
  of brandy on a silver tray. It was a small
  glass, filled almost to the brim with a bur-
  nished brown-gold liquor, crystal clear.
  The white powder that he had carefully
  stirred into it had dissolved perfectly, leav-
  ing no trace. It was tasteless, too, and
  without odor. The bouquet of the brandy
  was unaffected. But the effect of the
  brandy was tremendously reenforced.
  Death lurked now in its golden drops.

    Above the tray Napoleon’s face smiled
 ingenuously like a child’s. He set his
 precious burden down.

   “ Brandy,” he said, and stood aside,
 waiting.

   “ Thanks,” said Bartlett. To him Na-
 poleon was just a waiter like other waiters.

 He did not suspect him. He did not even
 closely observe him. He reached out and
 took the brandy glass in his fingers—stud-
 ied the color with a connoisseur’s pleased
 glance; sniffed the bouquet.

    And his mind—easily influenced by pass-
  ing impressions, now, because of his weak-
  ness—went drifting back through the years
  to a girl that he had known and loved once
  when he was young—a fresh, young thing
  with cheeks like spring blossoms and danc-
  ing brown eyes. The brandy recalled her
THE DANCE OF DEATH.

293

because he had been particularly fond of
the old French brandy that her mother had,
and he had made that his excuse for going
often to the inn. Her mother ran the inn,
and the little Nichette served. She wore
the wooden shoes of the peasant, and a
very crisp white cap; and Bartlett’s gran-
deur had impressed her tremendously. He
had made a “ killing ” on the ponies, and
had decided to see Europe; and he had
made another killing at Monte Carlo, and
was spending money like a king. No one
else spends money like a king, because no
one else comes by it so easily! And Bart-
lett, who had always made capital of other
people’s weaknesses, knew how to appeal
to Nichette. He had told her stories of
the world beyond Brittany — stirring her
imagination. He had given her a string of
shining beads for her white throat; a glit-
tering comb for her bright hair. And she
had given him her foolish little heart in ex-
change for these baubles. He remembered
her white arms round his neck—her danc-
ing eyes that could so swiftly fill with tears
—her voice.

  Napoleon, waiting impatiently to remove
the brandy glass when Bartlett had drunk
from it, and wash it himself lest some trace
of the white powde>. linger, fretted at the
delay.

  Why did he not drink?

  Did he suspect?

  Did some instinct warn him of danger?

   His dark eyes studied Bartlett critically;
but Bartlett, unaware, dreamed on. He
had forgotten the brand}-, as one forgets the
messenger that brings glad tidings. But he
was still fingering the glass, absently, and
his eyes rested upon it as a crystal gazer’s
rests upon his crystal. Napoleon waited for
a moment, eager for the reverie to be ended
and his vengeance accomplished. But still
Bartlett did not drink. And then Charlie
passed by, summoning the loitering Napo-
leon with a commanding wave of the hand.
Napoleon dared not disobey Charlie, nor
dared he court suspicion of his actions by
lingering in Bartlett’s vicinity, though he
was anxious to reclaim the brandy glass
when it was emptied, in order to cleanse it
thoroughly himself before it fell into any
one else's hands. However, there was noth-

ing for it but to go now7 and return as soon
as possible. But he was determined not to
go before putting the spur to Bartlett. Ad-
vancing quite near, he leaned down to
arouse the dreamer, and said in a voice
grimly significant:

  “Good night, Mr. Bartlett!”

  Then he turned and vanished swiftly
through the palms, leaving Bartlett staring
after him. Bartlett was vaguely aware that
there had been something subtly menacing
in the waiter’s mien, but he was at a loss
to account for it. And as he pondered the
matter, he concluded that he had imagined
the menace—that he had been aroused so
suddenly from his musings that he had not
seen nor heard clearly.

   He lifted the brandy glass to his lips with
a little sigh of satisfaction; but he did not
drink, for before his lips had touched the
glass he was interrupted. Suddenly a girl
broke through the screen of palms that shut
off that niche from the rest of the supper
rooms, and leaning heavily upon his table
for support, stood white and panting. It
w as Katherine.

  She had been dancing with Nettleton
again, and his love making, which had been
growing more insistent as time passed, had
suddenly become unendurable. Everything
had suddenly become unendurable, and she
had broken away from him, to seek covert,
like some helpless little animal who is be-
ing hunted and pressed too close.

   For an instant she stood there, silent,
white, trembling, breathing hard; her eyes
gazed out darkly, appealingly. Then,
gradually, she recovered control, and mur-
mured :

   “ I'm so sorry to burst in upon you like
this! But I didn’t know any one was here!
I was running away!”

   “ That’s quite all right,” said Bartlett.
With a tremendous effort he rose, and
bowed gallantly. “ W:on’t you sit down
until you feel better?”

  She looked at him—this pale, burned-out
looking old man in his courtly attire of
other days—and graciously nodded. There
was something quite pathetic about him,
she thought.

  “ Thank you. You are very kind,” she
said, sinking into the chair opposite him.
294

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

   He resumed his seat, then, with a little
sigh!

   To Bartlett this was the beginning of an-
other charming adventure. His life had
been rather full of charming adventures—
and some that were not quite so charming
—but one forgets unpleasant things easily.
He felt that luck was still with him—that
this lovely young thing should have come
at just this time—to cheer the weary time
of waiting before he could be free to go.
He saw in her coming an omen—a fortu-
nate omen. And being superstitious — as
all gamblers are—he felt suddenly very' gay.

   “ You are more than welcome,” he said.
'■ Please stay as long as you like. It is as
quiet here as anywhere in this—this bed-
lam. And if you feel inclined to talk, I
feel more than inclined to listen. I am
alone, you see, and a little lonely!”

  She thought him quite charming, as
many women before her had; so simple and
quaint and old-fashioned—like a ghost out
of some dead long ago. And that in tang-
ling something about him that suggested
mystery — tragedy — that appealed to her
strongly.

   “ Still,” she said slowly, “ it must be
very interesting to sit here and look on at
all this, with the perspective your years
give you! You have seen so many changes
come in the world, and you can make com-
parisons.”

  “ Yes,” he admitted, nodding. “ Things
are different than they used to be—on the
surface at any rate. I mean the manifesta-
tions are different. But underneath, of
course, nothing ever changes. The same
things are fundamentally true to-day that
were true yesterday—and a thousand years
ago. These dances! One danced different-
ly years ago, but the same impulse made
one dance—the.same spirit was in it! Our
music was different, too, but it appealed to
our more sentimental generation as your
jazz music appeals to you. And these very
modem people—why, they are all loving
and hating and fighting and competing and
sacrificing themselves and each other—and
dreaming and dying and living as we did
in our day—as Columbus did in his day—
as Adam did in his day.”

  £' How weary God must be,” said Kath-

erine, " looking on at it all—over and over
and over—always the same.”

  “ I don't know.” said Bartlett. “ It
must be wonderfully interesting to see it
work out. Like a game of chess, in which
the figures move themselves. There are
only certain moves they can make in every
situation; but the situations they get into
are quite their own affairs. You and I, for
instance. We did not deliberately plan this
meeting. .And yet whatever we have done
up to this moment has made this meeting
happen. Why?”

  “ I don't know.” said Katherine. “ Do
you think it is for some purpose?*’

  “ I think everything happens for some
purpose,” said Bartlett, ‘ though we often
cannot fathom what the purpose is.”

   She was silent, thoughtful; and Bartlett’s
fingers toyed idly with the brandy glass.

   “ It’s a little frightening.” she said at
last, “ to think that every lightest thing one
does has some bearing on all the future
things that are to happen. I don't know
that I like your theory, exactly.”

  “ Perhaps not! One never likes respon-
sibility,” smiled Bartlett. “ But that would
be the only logical way. Wouldn’t it?”

  “ I dare say,” she agreed. .And she
sighed. “ How seriously we are talking—
and how strange to be doing it in a place
like this! ” she cried, and added swiftly, im-
pulsively, “ and what a relief it is!”

  He nodded.

   “ If you will pardon my saying it, it must
be—to you,” he said. *“ You are not really
the sort of girl who would care for this, I
think!”

  “ But I always have cared for it—until
to-night! ” she replied. “ To-night, some-
how, it seems different! It's as if I were
seeing it for the first time!”

  “ But that is quite a common experi-
ence,” he assured her. “ We walk along a
certain street every day for years without
particularly observing the buildings until
something calls our attention to one of them
—and suddenly we find ourselves regarding
it as though for the first time! Something
has evidently called your attention to all
this to-night, or you might have gone on
thinking you liked it—for years!”

  “ Yes.” die said. And then she went on
THE DANCE OF DEATH.	295

slowly, considering him interestedly: “ You
don't belong here, either, you know! You
are as out of place as I am.”

  “ I don't belong anywhere, much, my
dear,” he answered. “ At least — 1 have
never quite found out where I do belong!

I have been drifting about for years—try-
ing to figure it out. You see, so many
kinds of people are mixed up inside me!
One part of me belongs one place and one
part belongs somewhere else. And these
various elements are always at war among
themselves. I am about one-tenth artist
and one-tenth explorer, and one-tenth
Christian and one-tenth pagan, and twro-
tenths sentimentalist, and two-tenths
cynic, and the rest gambler. You can im-
agine what a task it must be to keep all of
those strange boarders living together in
one boarding house.”

   “ Yes, but all of us have the same prob-
lem to solve. Don’t you think so?”

  “ Perhaps. More or less. That’s what
makes us interesting to one another, I sup-
pose! If we were all consistent, and could
be relied upon to do a certain thing in a
given situation, we’d bore one another a lot,
wouldn't we? As it is, wre’re mostly all
mysteries—even to ourselves!”

  She nodded.

  “ I am to myself, I know. I startle my-
self at times—and shock myself—and hor-
rify myself. And sometimes I’m proud of
myself. But not as often as I’d like to be.
Outside things influence one, don’t you
think? Opportunity makes heroes!”

  “ Yes, but according to my theory, the
hero has been working tcnvard that oppor-
tunity for years. One thing leads to an-
other, and the way you acquit yourself in
one situation determines the nature of the
next one. Cause and effect, you see. The
murderer does not literally hang himself,
but when he takes life he sets in motion the
machinery that in the end inevitably
hangs him!”

   “ Inevitably?” she repeated curiously.

   “ Perhaps I should have said ‘ inevitably
w~recks him’! Some escape hanging, but
1 think none escapes punishment.” He
smiled. ■* That,” he said, “ was the sage
in me talking, you see. But I assure you

that if put to the test, the fool in me would
kill his man, just the same, undeterred by
the sage’s knowledge.”

  “ Then,” said Katherine, “ that is be-
cause the governing part of you has never
been strong enough to control the various
other elements. One must be master of
these contrasted parts of one! It is good
to be a sentimentalist at times—an artist
at times—a cynic at times—a sage at times
—and at times, even a fool! But one must
be strong enough to give way or hold back
as one wills. One must not let any side of
one grow stronger than one’s will!”
il How wise you are,” he smiled.

  “ I always am,” smiled Katherine,
“ when I have just completed some folly.”
He studied her.

  “ Odd,” he said, “ that we should be sit-
ting here so companionably—like old, old
friends — understanding each other. And
yet-—you so near the beginning of life, and
I so near the end of it!”

  Her eyes grew darker, her color faded.
“ Who knows about life?” she said. “ I
may be nearer the end than you!”

  “ Not likely,” he said, thinking of the
w'ound in his side—and the dead man up-
stairs—and the imminence of the police.
And then he added, with a defiant grin,
“ Not that I mind in the least!”

  She looked at him, wondering if he could
mind as little as he seemed to.

  “I mind!” she admitted. “I am terri-
bly afraid of dying. I don’t know hew any
one can face it—endure it! Of course there
is nothing else one can do but go through
with it when one’s time comes. But not to
know what is going to happen! To go out
alone, into nothingness! It frightens me!”
She leaned there upon the table opposite
him, white, shaken, with her hands
clenched, fighting for breath. It had been
a hard night. Bartlett saw that she was on
the verge of collapse, and leaning forward,
he laid one band upon hers and lifted the
glass of brandy in the other. He held it
out toward her, feeling that her need for it
was greater far than his.

  “Here! Drink this!” he murmured
gently.

  And submissively Katherine drank it.

TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK.
     By LOUISE TOWNSEND NICHOLL

IT was plowing time along the west shore
of the Hudson—time of earth turned
up again in fields beyond that stretch
of tracks where the expresses go very fast
and the accommodations very slow, carry-
ing their country passengers from little town
to little near-by town, almost from farm to
farm the country seasons through. There
was no express stop near; if a farmer—or
a farmer’s wife—should ever want sudden-
ly to make a swift escape from well-known
things, he couldn’t. His train would still go
halting, halting, as if from habit, at the lit-
tle stations where he had always gotten off
before. Only a mile at a time, a mile at a
time, would that home railroad let him go;
spun out for a little way, and then another
little way, like a spider’s web, and just as
easy to be broken, would his journey be.

  The car was warmer than it needed to be
for the half-cool, half-warm, early April
day which lay, sunning, brown and blue
and faintly green outside. Those passen-
gers who had been coming for two hours
or so, through the still, living placidity of
that countryside at noon, were growing

296

drowsy, hypnotized, with the silence of the
car, the warmth of April sun, made hotter
by the window glass.

  The pullings-in to stations, the leisurely
pullings-out, the gentle stirrings of the one
or two who got off or got on, the lazy in-
terchange of conductor and station masters
grew rhythmic. Now it was early after-
noon—that warm and quiet time. This
ride might last forever—it was the type and
symbol of all country trains, running in
drowsiness through the quiet land—the
land of utter peace where the earth was be-
ing turned again, as had been done so
many, many springs, in fields.

  The eternity of the land, the unceasing
quiet movement of its life were here.

  There were several middle-aged women,
comfortable, placid, neighborly, farmers’
wives of many years’ standing, among those
who came and went. They had won
through to this place where, even in plow-
ing time, their children grown, and the
noonday dinner over, they could take an
afternoon now and then for generous visit-
ing, scant shopping. One of them had a
PLOWING TIME.

297

small basket covered with a napkin—jelly
or soup or buttermilk for some one sick.
There was something of rich content about
these women, worn and shapeless though
they were, as if they had taken to them-
selves that unimaginative motherness and
kindness which is the earth’s now' that her
travail and her wistfulness are done. There
were, sitting heavily together, drummers
with their great, square, nonconformist
satchels. Up in the front were two country
lawyers, from whom floated now and then
a legal term. They were idly, sleepily, in-
termittently speaking of a recent case.
There were, like a clump of late or early
flowers in a garden brown and lonely' but
for them, a white-skinned, red-haired, ma-
ture country girl with two little children
in her arms, and beside her another girl,
smaller and less beautiful than she, but
better dressed, all huddled in one seat.
And there were the few who had come
through, for obscure and unimaginable rea-
sons, on a local train.

  To catch so slow' a train it did not seem
that any one would have to hurry; but sud-
denly, noisily, wildly one did come hurry-
ing; suddenly from the newness of the
spring and the oldness of its coming, and
into the drowsy timelessness and whispering
stillness of that car the immediate present,
active, angry, uncontemplative made swift
invasion. And every person in the car
looked up, blinking, as from a daze—every
person except the girl with red hair and the
girl with her. For them, since they had
gotten on a few stations back, unnoticed
particularly byr any one, there had been no
daze, no drowsiness, no sense of time as be-
ing any other day than this. And for the
swift and furious invasion, no matter how
much they had tried to think the opposite,
they were not altogether unprepared.
Straight, silent, unwinking, defiant, holding
the children tight, the red-haired girl await-
ed the attack, and watched the man lunge
down the aisle to her.

    The flying automobile, a more or less
  dilapidated flivver, which reached that lit-
  tle station just as the train was pulling out,
  was the first fast-moving thing the windows
  of the train had shown. It swerved and
  slowed, and the man hurled himself out and

at the train, pulling himself up easily' onto
the front platform of the car. He was
y’oung and middle-sized and not over come-
ly, except for his strength and his intent,
unconscious breathlessness. He was in over-
alls, and the blue shirt turned in on his
brown chest made him match the April sky
and fields in color. He was so hot that his
hatless, roughened hair was damp about his
temples.

  Xo one had known before how hot a day
it was. But he was also terrible, as angry
people are, and the whole car went out flow-
ingly in sympathy to the girl. Odd they
had not noticed her before—so strikingly
different and brave and beautiful she looked
now to their sudden, concentrated gaze, her
face white as a summer clod above the old
dark winter coat and beneath the w’arped,
black strawr sailor hat which was pinned
onto the flaming, curling hair just anyhow.
In her left arm she had the smallest child—
a baby—and her right was about the little
boy, three years old or so. The other girl,
her backer in the fight, her eyes round with
horror and fright, sat protectively between
her and the aisle.

  He shook his fist as he came thundering
down the aisle.

  “ Get off this train!” he shouted. “ Get
off this train right now. Where do you
think you’re going—stealing my money and
my children?”

  “ Theyr’re my children—and I ain’t go-
in’ to get off this train. I’m through,'' said
the red-haired girl, stony, defiant, tight-
lipped.

  And suddenly the smoldering flame was
out of the hold and up through the hatches,
for all the world to see. Howr would it
end? What could be saved? Suddenly7
the things which had been secret and un-
said were shouted loudlyr, in a railroad
train, on a peaceful, sultry April afternoon.
How strange that these two should have
chosen this setting for their scene; should
have come so far and picked the slumber-
ing, torpid, slow-moving train to be their
brief, surprising battlefield! Drama mov-
ing through the countryside on the after-
noon “ down-train.”

  The audience came in more closely',
  standing in the aisle, leaning forward in
298

ARGOSY-ALLSTQRY WEEKLY.

their seats. The conductor and the train-
man came down the car from opposite ends,
curious, tolerant, only mildly worried.
They had been on that train so many,
many years! The shouting and confusion
grew unintelligible, the angry, excited shout-
ing of the man; the stony, defiant, sulky
answers of the girl; the occasional shrill
protests and comments of the other girl,
who seemed now to be really rather in the
way; the murmurings of the other passen-
gers; the important interruptions of one
of the lawyers, who kept assuring her that
her husband would not be allowed to take
the children away from her; the gruff,
kindly directions of the old conductor.

   The girl sat large, immovable, a lovely,
miserable stone, a red-haired, white-skinned
sphinx. What chance had the angry, shout-
ing, damp-haired boy against her? And
yet in him there was some strain of power,
some strong thing—affection, cruelty, te-
nacity, instinct, heredity, environment, who
knows what—that would go on, that would
not stop. What chance had the defiant,
lovely, sulky woman, so hurt and proud
and fierce, with her children clinging to her
neck and arms and skirt, against him?
What chance had either of them against
the children, who had been crying from the
first in loud and pitifully frightened whim-
pers?

   “ Stop the train! ” shouted the man to the
conductor. “ Stop the train. She took two
hundred and fifty dollars of my money.”

   “ Well, you never gave me any to spend/’
she answered.

  It was to him only that she spoke—she
would have endured torture rather than
tell her story to any of these people of
whose presence she was so bitterly con-
scious. That he could say this thing to a
conductor! And yet it was for him as if
the conductor was not there.

  Suddenly he leaned over and took the
baby from her arms, holding the wailing
little creature so that its clothes were all
up around it in a bunch. It clutched wildly
at its mother’s warped, black sailor hat as it
went, and with her arms both out to try to
get the baby back, she did not straighten
it. That poor black hat, warped and
crooked and old!

  If she had had a new hat lately would
she have been so wildly resentful, so stub-
bornly cold ; would she have hated him so?

  He started running down the aisle, hold-
ing the baby, and the two women started
after him, the little boy clinging to his
mother’s hand. On the platform it began
all over again, the conductor and trainman
keeping them from falling off, and repeating
chat the train could not be stopped until a
station came. The lawyer kept reassuring
the girl, who seemed, however, very little
interested in what he said.

  Then, all of a sudden, the worst was over.
In some mysterious way they were back in
the car, the other girl next to the window
this time, and the boy half-sitting on the
arm of his wife's seat, leaning over her.
His anger was gone, but the terrible earn-
estness and intentness and unconsciousness
of his surroundings had endured with a
strange, almost awe-inspiring persistency.
The red-haired girl still sat rigid, but there
was some change, intangible and slight, in
her. She was still defiant and sulky, but
she was no longer a sphinx; she was a wom-
an now—a girl—and pretty well worn out.
There was a strange pitiable tiredness about
■the man, too, as if the struggle had been
going on for hours instead of crowded min-
utes. He was talking more softly now, and
the audience had somewhat withdrawn.
Suddenly his voice rang out clearly, in de-
termination and appeal: “ Katherine, I will
not leave these children.”

  And she did not answer, but held them to
her, looking up at him. It had come to
that, then—to the realization that unless
she went back, one of them must “ leave
these children.” And how could that be?

  He repeated it, in an unconsciousness of
every one except his wife, so deep, so hon-
est, that even the hovering lawyer drew
away, women who had drawn together to
watch could not meet each other’s eyes, and
the old conductor, muttering something to
himself, walked off toward the door. There
was a cadence and a beauty to the words,
so that they sounded like a vow; so that the
cadenced, rhythmic, almost terrifying
phrase sounded as familiar as if this were
a scriptural repetition — something which
men had always said at certain times.
PLOWING TIME.

299

  The children had grown quieter, quick
as only little children are to tell a change
of mood. Then, as if a spell were broken,
as if the anger and the stress and the high
intensity had suddenly fallen away from
him, he said, quite naturally, and with a
start of recollection and surprise:

  “ Katherine, you must come now—/ left
my horses in the field.”

  The whole car heard, and there was a
little rustle of relief and yet of consterna-
tion. He had left his horses in the field!
And their minds went back, remembering,
and piecing out the tale. The machine he
had jumped out of after his chase? How
about that? Somebody else’s, probably.
And how had he found that she had gone?
Had he gone in to dinner which was not
there? Had some one run to him? How
had it been? No one aboard this train
would ever know except those two. He
had left his horses in the field! A look of
utter weariness, of indifference, of some-
thing almost like relief, came over Kather-
ine’s face. What chance had they against
the house, the land, the horses they had
left, against the earth itself — they who
were servants of the seasons, bound to the
slow wheel of the year?

  The train was slowing up—was it only
between two stations, quite close together,
that they had come? And they were get-
ting out, the father holding the baby, with
its best clothes still rumpled up and
bunched. Katherine went reluctantly, and
yet without a protest. Ignominiously the
friend trailed after them. The swift es-
cape, the brilliant coup, in which she was
to play so large, protective, and belligerent
a part, had failed. And Katherine seemed
almost to have forgotten that she was there.

  The passengers, quiet now, watched the

little procession drag itself across the cin-
ders in iront of the station—they watched
Katherine, particularly—beautiful Kather-
ine with the red hair and the warpv hat.
How would it have been for her if she had
gone on? Would she ever again try to get
away? Had she really hoped a little that
he would come? Would he understand
better now how it had been for her? Would
she have a new hat soon?

  The slow train moved on. The passen-
gers settled back and the drow se sank grad-
ually again upon them. Only the lawyer
must make comment to his companion. He
made it cheerily, as if this were a little
thing, an ordinary thing, a rather amusing
thing—one to be treated indulgently, and
as if he himself were a connoisseur in the
art of delicate adjustments. If it had been
he himself who had brought things to this
happy settlement he could not have been
more complacent and very likely he
thought it was.

   “ They'll be all right,” he said, a little
loudly, through the settling hush. “ Just
some little spat started ’em off, I suppose. ’

  The others were very still. The woman
with the napkin-covered basket was staring
thoughtfully out of the window^ something
between a decorous horror and a startled
understanding—was it something resem-
bling recollection on her face? Could there
have been for her, as well, in some distant
other spring, an April afternoon?

   It had been only a little while—ten or
fifteen minutes at the most. It was still
early afternoon that the slow down-train
was passing through. Outside were still
brown fields, blue sky, and faintest April
green over the land—the old, old land to
which no changes but the recurrent and un-
changing seasons ever come.

 U	U	U

MATTER OF FACT

    SENTIMENTAL tommyrot
    Never goes with me:

      “ Broken hearts ” are seldom what
      They’re cracked up to be!

Harold Seton.
           By RAY CUMMINGS

                         Author of “The Golden Atom,” etc.

CHAPTER XXIV (continued).

THE WATER CITY.

THE men around the table were now
all on their feet. One of them picked
up a huge metal goblet and flung it
at Mercer’s head. The last remaining bit
of reason Mercer had left fled from him.
Without thought of what he was about,
he raised the metal cylinder: his thumb
found the little button and pressed it hard;
he waved the cylinder back and forth before
him.

  It was over in an instant. Mercer relaxed
his pressure on the button and staggered
back. He was sick and faint from what
he had seen—with the realization of what
he had done. Flames were rising all about
him. The room was full of smoke. He
held his breath, finding his way back some-

how to the stairway, with the agonized
screams of the men ringing in his ears. He
caught a glimpse of Anina’s white face as
she stood there where he had left her.

  “ Good God, Anina! Go back! Go
back! I’m coming!”

   He tripped near the top of the stairs and
fell in a heap onto the platform below,
but he still held the cylinder clutched tight-
ly in his hand.

  Anina groped her way down to him. He
gripped her by the arm. He was trembling
like a leaf. The crackling of the burning
house above came down to him: the cries
of the men were stilled.

  “ Come, Anina.” he half whispered.
“ Hurry—let’s get away, anywhere. Home
—out of this cursed city.”

  Lua was still in the boat. Her calm,
steady glance brought Mercer back to his

This story began in the Argosy-Allstory Weekly for October 21.

300
THE FIRE PEOPLE.

301

senses. They shoved the boat out from
under the house, and in a moment more
were heading back through the city. The
building they had left was now a mass of
flames, with a great cloud of smoke rolling
up from it. A woman stood on the front
platform an instant, and then, screaming,
flung herself into the water.

   The city was in commotion. Faces ap-
peared at windows; girls flew up and gath-
ered in a frightened flock, circling about the
burning building; boats miraculously ap-
peared from everywhere. Lua was steering
their boat on its tortuous way between the
houses. She put the boat nearly to full
speed, and as they swept past a house
nearly collided with a punt that was cross-
ing behind it.

   Mercer’s nerves were still shaken. He
handed Anina the light-ray cylinder.

   “ Here—take it, Anina. I don’t want
the cursed thing. Shoot it up into the air.
Somebody might try and stop us. That^’ll
scare them. Careful you don’t hit any-
thing! ”

   Anina played the light about in the air
for a time, but soon there were so many
girls flying about she had to shut it off. A
few minutes more and they had passed the
last of the houses, swept around the bend in
the river, and left the frightened city out of
sight behind them.

   They had left the river and, following
close along shore, headed for the bayous
that led up to the Great City. The storm
bad now entirely passed, leaving the day-
light unusually bright and a fresh coolness
in the air. The sea was still rough, al-
though not alarmingly so, and the boat
made comparatively slow progress. It was
two hours or more—to Mercer it seemed a
whole day—before they were nearing the
bayous. Anina was sitting by his side in
the center of the boat. Lua was steering.

   “You hungry, Ollie?” the girl asked,
smiling.

   Mercer shook his head. He had forgot-
ten they had intended to eat in the Water
City.

   “ I very hungry. Soon Ave—”

   She stopped abruptly, staring up into the
sky ahead of them.

   Mercer followed her glance. A little

black blob showed against the gray’; off to
one side two other smaller black dots ap-
peared.

  ‘‘What’s that?” cried Mercer, alarmed.

  They watched a few moments in silence.
Then Mercer took the cylinder and flashed
its light into the air.

  “ If it’s anybody connected with Tao,
that 'II show they’d better keep away,” he
explained grimly.

  Anina smiled. “ Tao people cannot flv,
Ollie.”

  A few moments more and they saw1 what
it was. And within ten minutes they had
landed at the mouth of one of the bayous,
and Miela and I were with them.

CHAPTER XXV.

PREPARATIONS FOR WAR.

THE months that followed were the
busiest, I think, of my life. I began
by a complete reorganization of
this government of which I found my-
self the head. For the doddering old coun-
cilors of the late king I substituted men
W’hom I selected from among those of the
city’s prominent business men who cared to
serve.

  The personnel of the police force I al-
lowed to remain, for I soon saw they were
inclined to act very differently under me
than under my predecessor. The various
other officials of this somewhat vague or-
ganization I subjected to a thorough weed-
ing out.

   The net result was chaos for a time, but,
far more quickly than I had anticipated, I
had things running again. I made no radi-
cal changes except in personnel. I at-
tempted to do nothing that was outside the
then existing laws, and no new law’s w'ere
passed. But from the very first I made
it clear that I was not one to be trifled
with.

  Within a few days after I was put into
power I interviewed Fuero and his scien-
tific confreres. I found them a body of
grave men who represented the highest type
of the nation. They made it plain to me at
once that they would not concern them-
selves in any way w’ith government affairs.
302

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

Two years before they had recognized Tao’s
menace, and had been preparing for it by
the manufacture of large quantities of war
material which, in case of extreme necessity,
they would turn over to the government.
This armament, as Miela had told me, they
guarded themselves, not trusting it even to
their workmen.

  The scientific men, I understood now*,
were among the richest in the nation, owing
to the widespread use of their industrial
appliances. It was only a portion of this
■wealth that they were expending in the
manufacture of armament.

  I demanded the release to me of this war
material. I explained them my plans, and
told them in detail of Tao’s visit to earth.
They held several conferences over a period
of two or three days, but in the end I got
what I asked for.

  So much for affairs in the Great City. I
recognized during these days the possibility
of an armed invasion from the Twilight
Country. I was better prepared to meet it
now, should it come, and I at once took
steps to be warned as far in advance as
possible. To this end I had girls patrolling
the Narrow Sea; not only on our shore, but
over in the Twilight Country as well; and
1 was satisfied that if Tao made any move
we would be notified at once. Simulta-
neously with all this, we devoted ourselves
to the unification of the nation, for in very
truth it seemed about to disintegrate. Here
it was that the girls were of the greatest
assistance.

  We organized them into an army which
consisted of fifty squads of ten girls each,
with a leader for each squad. All of these
girls were armed with the light-ray cylin-
ders. With this “ flying army ” Mercer and
1 made a tour of the Light Country cities.
We wasted no time with formalities, but
rounded up Tao’s men wherever we could
find them, and transported them uncere-
moniously back to the Twilight Country
shore.

  In two or three of the cities—the Water
City particularly—there was a show of re-
bellion among the people; but our light-rays
cowed them instantly, and in no instance
did we have to kill or injure any one.
Through Miela I made speeches every-

where. It was not my wish to hold the
country in sullen subjection, and to that
end I appealed to their patriotism in this
coming war against Tao and the Twilight
People. This aspect of the matter met
with ready response, and everywhere our
meetings ended in enthusiastic acclaim.

  We started now to raise an army of
young men, which we proposed to transport
across the Narrow Sea for land operations
in the Twilight Country. Before a week
had passed I saw% by the response that
came from my various proclamations, that
conscription would be unnecessary. With
this tangible evidence of the coming war
the patriotism of the people grew by leaps
and bounds. The fact that the girls of the
Great City were not only in favor of it,
but were actually already in sendee—a
thing unprecedented in the history of the
nation—brought the sympathies of all the
women with us strongly.

  •Through the governors of each city I
raised a separate army of young men, offi-
cered by the older men, most of whom had
taken pari in past fighting. Each of these
little armies, as yet without arms, was
drilled and held in readiness for orders from
the Great City.

  I had, during all this time, selected as
man)? able men as possible from among
the Great City’s population, and given them
over to Fuero and his associates for train-
ing in the use of the light-ray rockets,
the larger projectors, protective measures
against the ray, and many other appliances
which I understood only vaguely myself.

  It was after our return from the tour of
the different cities, and before the recruiting
of the young men was fairly under way,
when like a bombshell came the news from
our flying patrol that a fleet of armed boats
was coming down the river from the Lone
City. The attack from Tao was at hand,
and our preparations were still far from
complete. We had our army of girls in
active operation, and that was all. Taos
boats would reach the Light Country shore
in a few hours. There was no time for
anything but the hastiest of preparations.
We decided then to call the army of girls
and meet the boats in the Narrow Sea,
turning them back if possible.
THE FIRE PEOPLE.

303

   I have now to explain the method of de-
 fense against the light-ray. In theory I
 only vaguely understood it. In practice it
 was simple and, like most defenses, only
 partially effective.

   Bob Trevor has already mentioned it—
 the suits of black cloth he saw in the Mer-
 cutian camp in Wyoming. It was not, as
 he had afterward supposed, a dye for fab-
 rics. Instead, it was the thread of a w*orm
 —like our silk worm—which in its natural
 state was black and was impervious to the
 ray. By that I mean a substance whose
 molecules increased their vibration rate
 only slightly from a brief contact with the
 ray.

   It was only partly efficacious, for after an
 exposure of a minute or more the intense
 heat of the ray was communicated. It
 then became partly penetrable, and any-
 thing close behind it would be destroyed.

   We had under manufacture at this time a
 number of protective devices by w-hich this
 substance might be used. Boats had, in
 the past, been equipped with a sort of
 shield or hood in front, making them more
 or less impervious to a direct horizontal
 beam of the light.	v

   Tat)’s boats which now threatened us
 were so protected, I w’as informed by the
 girls who reported them. Recognizing the
 probability of an attack by us from the air,
 they also had a covering of the cloth, like a
 canopy above them. But as may be read-
 ily understood, such protection could be
 made only partly effective.

   I had already manufactured, at Miela’s
 suggestion, a number of shields for our girls
 to carry while in flight. These consisted of
 the fabric in very light, almost diaphanous,
 form, hung upon a flexible frame of very
 thin strips of bamboo. It was some twelve
 feet broad across the top, narrowing rapidly
 into a long fluttering tail like a kite.

   There was nothing rigid about this
 shield. Its two or three bamboo ribs were
 as flexible as a whip, with the veiling—it
 was hardly more than that—fluttering be-
 low them almost entirely unsupported. In
 weight, the whole approximated one-twelfth
 that of a girl, not at all a difficult amount to
 carry.

   Within two hours after the report came—

 it was near midday—we were ready to start
 from the Great City to repel Tao’s attack.
 Our forces consisted of some six hundred
 girls, each armed with a light-ray cylinder
 and a shield. This was the organization I
 have already mentioned, fifty squads of ten,
 each with a leader; and fifty other girls, the
 most daring and expert in the air, who were
 to act independently.

  We had two platforms, protected by the
fabric, and with a sort of canopy around
the sides underneath, over which the girls
grasping the handles could fly. Mercer and
Anina rode on one platform, and Miela
and I on the other. All of us were dressed
in the black garments.

  On each of the platforms w7e had mount-
ed a projector of higher power than the
hand cylinders, although of course of much
less effective range than those the Mercu-
tians had used in Wyoming.

  Thus equipped we rose into the air from
the castle grounds in the Great City, with
a silent, awed multitude watching us—as
strange an army,- probably, as ever went
forth to battle.

CHAPTER XXVI.

THE BATTLE.

WE swept out over the Great City,
flying in the battle formation .we
had used many times before on our
trips about the country. Mercer’s platform
and mine were some fifty feet apart, lead-
ing. Behind us, in a great semicircle, the
girls spread out, fifty little groups of ten,
each with its single leader in front. Below,
a hundred feet perhaps, the fifty other girls
darted back and forth, keeping pace with
us. The aspect of these girls, flying thus
to battle, was truly extraordinary. The
pink-white flesh of their bodies; their limbs
incased in the black veiling; their long
black or golden hair; and the vivid red or
blue feathered wings flashing behind those
wide, fluttering, flimsy black shields—it
was a sight the like of which I never shall
see again.

  There was almost no wind, for which I
was thankful, as it made our maneuvers
in the air considerably less difficult. When
304

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

we reached the Narrow Sea our patrols re-
ported that Tao s ships were stiU in the
river, waiting for others from the Lone
City to join them. We hastened on, for
1 wished to meet them as near the Twilight
shore as possible.

  We believed, from the reports our girls
had brought us, that the enemy would have
some twenty or thirty boats, most of them
similar to that in which Mercer and Anina
weathered the storm on the way to the
Water City.

  We assumed that the men in the boats
would be armed with the hand light-ray
cylinders. These projected a beam not over
four inches broad and had an effective range
of about five hundred feet. The boats prob-
ably would carry large projectors also.
They might be set up in the boats ready for
use, or they might not.

  What range they would have we could
not estimate, though we hoped we should
encounter nothing more powerful than this
one Miela and I had on the platform. Its
beam was about twenty inches wide, its ef-
fective radius something like a thousand
feet.

  We did not expect to encounter the very
large projectors. We had some in the Great
City with a range of something like ten
miles, and others of lesser range that spread
the ray out fan shape. But these were ex-
tremely heavy, and we were confident it
would not be practical to mount them in
the boats.

  We sighted the enemy in the Narrow Sea
just before the Twilight shore was reached.
The first intimation we had was the sight
of one of the narrow beams of red-green
light flashing about in the twilight. As we
crept closer, at an altitude of some two
thousand feet, we saw the dim outlines of
the boats in the water below.

  There were, I made out, some ten or fif-
teen in sight. They were heading out into
the sea in single file. Miela and I had
carefully discussed the tactics we were to
employ. Mercer understood our plans, and
we had three or four girls detailed to fly
close to the platforms and carry our orders
about to the leaders of the various little
squads.

  We sighted the boats when we were about

a miie away, and, as I have said, at an alti-
tude of some two thousand feet. They must
have seen us soon afterward, for many light-
ravs now began flashing up from them.

  So far as I could determine, each boat
seemed armed only with one mounted pro-
jector: these I believed to be of somewhat
similar power to our own. Our first move
was to poise directly over the enemy, rising
to an altitude of twenty-five hundred feet.
The boats kept straight on their way, and
we followed them, circling overhead in
lengthening spirals, but keeping well out of
range.

  I had ordered that none of the rays be
flashed at this time, and it must have been
difficult for the men in the boats below to
see us in the dusk, shrouded as we were in
black. They sent up a rocket once; it
mounted above us in a slow flaming arc,
hung poised an instant, and then descended,
plunging into the sea a mile or so away.
We heard distinctly the hiss of its contact
with the water, and saw. like a quickly
dissipating mist, the cloud of steam that
arose.

  We were not armed with these rockets,
for to discharge them from the platforms
would have been impractical. But tfe did
not fear them being used against us. Even
if true aim had been possible, we could
easily avoid their slow flight.

  The protecting canopy below’ the sides
of our platform made it difficult to see what
was going on below us. Miela and I lay
prone, with our heads projecting over its
forward end. In this position we had an
unobstructed, though somewhat limited,
view. The girls earning us could see
nothing. They were guided by watching
the other girls flying near them, and by
Miela's constant directions.

  For some ten or fifteen minutes we cir-
cled about over the leading boat. The
Twilight shore was now almost over the
horizon. The boats showed as little black
patches on the gray-black of the sea. but
the lights flashing up from them were plain-
ly visible.

  The boat that led the line was quite
perceptibly drawing away from the others.
Already it was a thousand feet or more
ahead of the nearest one following. We

                           9	A
THE FIRE PEOPLE.

305

waited through another period. This lead-
ing boat was now beyond range of the
others, and, being isolated, I decided to
attack it.

   " Miela,’’ I said, “ tell them all to main-
 tain this level. You and I will go down
 at that first boat. Have them all remain
 up here. Tell Mercer if anything goes
 wrong with us to act as he thinks best.”

  We waited while these commands were
circulated about. Mercer’s platform swept
close over us, and he shouted: “ We vcon’t
stay up here.”

  I persuaded him finally, and then we
directed our girls to circle slowly down-
ward with our platform. I ordered a slow
descent, for I was in -no mind to rush
blindly into range of their ray.

  We drooped down in a spiral, until at
about fifteen hundred feet I ordered the
girls to descend no farther. So far as I
could make out now, this boat was pro-
tected from above by a broad overhanging
canopy. Its sides evidently were open, or
nearly so, for we could see now the smaller
rays flashing out horizontally.

  The large projector was mounted in the
bow beyond the canopy. Its beam obvious-
ly could be directed into the air, for it was
now swinging up toward us. But in the
horizontal position its range was limited to
an arc in front of the boat. I saw then
that our play was to attack from a low
level, since only in that way could we ex-
pect to reach a vulnerable spot in the boat’s
armor. And I believed that if we could
keep behind it they could not reach us with
their larger projector.

  We swooped downward almost to the
water level, and reached it a thousand feet
perhaps off to one side of the boat and part-
ly behind it. The smaller projectors flashed
out at us, but we were beyond their range.
The projector in the bow swung back and
forth, and as we skimmed the surface of
the water, heading toward the boat, it
turned to face us.

   What followed happened so quickly I had
no time to consult with Miela. She directed
our flight. I turned the current into our
projector and tried to bring its beam to
bear on the boat. We approached within
some eight hundred feet of it, darting back

     10	A

and forth, sometimes rising a hundred feet
or more, sometimes skimming the surface,
but always keeping behind the boat as it
turned in an endeavor to face us.

  My light-ray beam hit the water fre-
quently, with a great boiling and hissing,
sending up clouds of steam that for a
moment obscured the scene. Once or twice
our opponent’s beam flashed over us, but
we were beyond its arc before they could
bring it directly to bear.

  I grew confused at the rapid turns we
made. The dark outlines of the boat, with
its twenty or thirty’ flashing red and green
lights, seemed ever)'where at once. I swung
my projector about as best I could, but the
swiftly shifting target seemed too elusive.
Once, as we dropped suddenly downward, I
thought we should plunge into the hissing,
roaring water below. Again, the opposing
ray swung directly under us, as we darted
upward to avoid it.

  “ I can't make it, Miela,” I said.
“ Hold steady toward them if you can.'’

  She did not answer, but kept her face
over the platform's end and issued her swift
directions to the girls. Once, as we tilted
sharply upward, I caught a glimpse of a
black shape sweeping past, overhead. It
was Mercer's platform, flying unswervingly
toward the boat, its red-green beam steady
before it like a locomotive headlight. We
turned to follow; my own light swung dan-
gerously near Mercer, and I turned the
current off hastily.

  The wind of our forward flight whistled
past my ears; Miela’s directions to the girls
rose shrill above it. I caught a glimpse
of the darting lights of the boat ahead.
Then, when we were hardly more than six
hundred feet away, Mercer’s light picked
it up. I saw the little lurid red circle it
made as it struck the boat’s canopy top,
and roved along it end to end. Mercer’s
platform darted lower, and from that angle
his light swept under the canopy. A man’s
scream of agony came to us across the
wrater. The lights on the boat were ex-
tinguished; only the yellow glare of the
flames rising from its interior fittings re-
mained.

  Then, a moment later, the boat’s stern
rose into the air, and it slid hissing into the
806

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

water, leaving only a little wreckage and
a few struggling forms on the swirling sur-
face.

  We swung sharply upward. Again Mer-
cer’s platform—its light now extinguished—
swept directly over us. His exultant voice
floated down.

  “ We did it, Alan! We did itl Come
on up!”

  We rose to the upper air, where the girls
were still circling about. The other boats
were keeping on their course, spreading far-
ther apart now to be out of range of each
other’s projectors. I had hoped they would
turn back with this catastrophe to their
leader, but they did not.

  I consulted hastily with Miela, and then
we gave the order for a general attack,
allowing each of the leading girls to act as
she saw fit.

  Like a great flock of birds we swooped
downward upon our prey, spreading out to
attack all the boats at once. The girls now
turned on their hand lights—a myriad tiny
beams darting about in the semidarkness.

  I cannot attempt to describe the scene
that followed. It can be imagined, perhaps,
but not told in words. As we swept within
range of the lights that swung up from
below to meet us, I saw a girl, flying alone,
pass directly through one of the red beams.
It seemed to strike her sidewise. In an in-
stant she had passed beyond it. I saw the
dim outlines of her form as she fluttered
onward, wavering and aimless like a wound-
ed bird. And then she fell, turning over
and over as with one wing she strove vainly
to support herself, until at last, wrapped in
the sable shroud of her shield, she plunged
with a great splash into the sea.

  The flashing light-rays all about us now
seemed mingled in inextricable confusion.
The girls must have passed through them
frequently, protected by their shields; and
I know our platform was several times
struck by them from below. The absence
of sound was uncanny. Only the whistling
wind of our flight, the flapping of the girl’s
wings, and the hissing of steam as our rays
struck the water, accompanied this inferno
of light.

  We swept beyond the boat we had sin-
gled out, passing five or six hundred feet

above it, and in the effort to avoid its ray
turning so that I was unable to bring mine
upon it. As we rose again, beyond it, I
saw a boat off to the left in flames. A
dozen girls had rushed upon it, darting in
among its smaller rays to where their own
would be effective. But there was only one
girl above it now, struggling brokenly to
maintain herself in flight. The boat sank
with the roar of an explosion of some kind,
but in the sudden darkness about I could
still see this lone wounded girl fluttering
onward.

  We were not far away; I pointed her
out to Miela, and instead of swinging back
we kept on toward her. We contrived to
pass close under her, and she fell abruptly
almost into my arms. I stretched her out
gently on the platform and turned back to
Miela, who was kneeling behind our pro-
jector.

  We were now nearly half a mile from
the nearest of the boats. Several of them
evidently had been sunk, and two or three
others were sinking. One I could make out
heading back for the Twilight shore; above
it the lights of our girls following showed
vivid against the dark-gray sky. Where
Mercer’s platform was I could not tell.

  Miela gripped my shoulder.

  “ See, Alan—there!” She pointed off to
one side. “ One of the boats tries to es-
cape.”

  We were now some five hundred feet
above the water. Half a mile beyond us,
all its lights out, one of the boats was
scurrying away, on across toward the Light
Country. For some reason none of our girls
seemed following it.

  Miela issued a sharp command; we
swooped downward at lightning speed and,
barely skimming the surface, flew after this
escaping enemy. Whether its larger pro-
jector had been rendered inoperative, or
many of its crew killed, or whether it
thought merely to escape us and make a
landing in the Light Country, I did not
know.

  Whatever the reason, no lights showed
from this boat as we drew after it. I had
our own light out. When we came close
within range I flashed it on suddenly'. We
were fly'ing steadily, and I picked up the
THE FIRE PEOPLE.

307

boat without difficulty, raking it through
from stern to stem under its protecting
canopy. I could see the canopy drop as its
supporting metal framework fused in the
heat of the ray; flames rose from the in-
terior wooden fittings; the boat’s stern
seemed to melt away as the thin metal
was rendered molten; the water about it
boiled under the heat. A cloud of steam
then rose up, obscuring it completely from
my sight.

   I switched off the light. We continued
on, rising a little. The steam dissipated.
Directly below us on the bubbling, swirl-
ing water a few twisted black forms bobbed
about. We were so close now I could see
them plainly. I looked away hastily.

  We swung back toward the Twilight
shore, rising sharply. There seemed now
only one boat afloat. Far above it I saw
a tiny black oblong that I knew was Mer-
cer’s platform. A swarm of other dots,
with the tiny pencils of red light flashing
from them, showed where the cloud of girls
were swooping down to the attack. Now
that we were out of the action, I had op-
portunity to watch what was going on more
closely.

   This last engagement seemed to last less
than a minute. The girls darted fearlessly
downward among the rays that swung up
from the boat. Scores of them were hit;

I could see their forms illuminated for an
instant by the lurid red and green light.
Some passed through it safely; many fell.
But those who got within range hit the
boat without difficulty. Its lights went out
suddenly and a moment later it sank. The
girls’ lights flashed off, and they rose again
into the air—tiny black shapes circling
about Mercer’s platform.

  The scene now seemed suddenly very
dark, peaceful and still. A great weight
lifted from my heart, though it still re-
mained heavy with what I had seen. I
turned to Miela: her face was white and
drawn.

   “ We have won, my girl,” I said.

   She smiled wanly.

  “ We have won. But, oh, Alan, that
women should have to do such deeds!”
Her eyes shone with the light of a soul
in sorrow,

  “ Pray to your God now, my husband,
that this war may be the last, for all time,
in all the universe."

CHAPTER XXVII.

THE SIEGE OF THE LONE CITY.

OUR losses totaled nearly a hundred
and fifty girls. We brought back
with us on the platforms but six
wounded. I shall never forget that hour
we spent searching among the wreckage—
those blackened, twisted forms of what had
once been men and women. I shall not de-
scribe it.

  Of all the boats Avhich Tao had dis-
patched on this ill-fated expedition, only
one escaped to return with news of the dis-
aster. I was glad now that one, at least,
had survived, for the report it would give
would, I felt sure, dissuade Tao from mak-
ing any other similar attempt at invasion.

  Our broken little army made its way
slowly back to the Great City. We went,
not in triumph, but indeed with all the
aspect of defeat. The people received us in
a frenzy of joy and gratitude to the girls for
what they had done.

  This first battle took place, as I have
said, just after we four had returned from
our tour of the Light Country, and before
the recruiting of the young men was fairly
under way. To this recruiting it proved an
extraordinary stimulus. The girls, having
been in successful action, stirred the young
men of the nation as probably nothing else
could, and all over the country they came
forward faster than they could be enrolled.

  It was two or three days after the battle
that Miela came to me one morning with
the wounded girl she and I had rescued in
the air.

  “ We have a plan—Sela and I—my hus-
band,” she said.

  The girl seemed hardly more than a sweet
little child—fifteen or sixteen, perhaps. It
gave me a shock now to realize that we
had allowed her to go into such a combat.
One of her blue-feathered wings was bound
in a cloth. Its lower portion, I could tell,
had been burned away.

  “ Never will she fly again, my husband,”
308

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

said Miela. '* for she is one of those who
has sacrificed her wings that we might all
be safe from the invader."

  She then went on to explain that now,
while this feeling of gratitude to the girls
ran so high among the people, the time
seemed propitious for changing the long-
hated law regarding their wings. I had
not thought of that, but agreed with her
wholly.

   I called the people into the castle gardens
that same night. Never had 1 seen such a
gathering. We allowed fully ten thousand

10	come in: the rest we were forced to send
away.

  Miela made a speech, telilng them that in
recognition of the girls' services in this war.
I had decided to allow them henceforth to
keep their wings unmutilated after mar-
riage. We exhibted this little girl, Sela.
as one who had given her power of flight,
not as a sacrifice on the altar of man's
selfishness, but in the service of her coun-
try. Then Sela herself made a speech, in
her earnest little child voice, pleading for
her sisters.

  When she ended there may have been
some unmarried men in our audience who
were still against the measure—doubtless
there were—but they were afraid or
ashamed to let their feeling be known.
When the meeting broke up I had ample
evidence of the people's wishes upon which
to proceed.

  Within a week my congress met. and the
law was repealed. We informed the other
cities of this action, and everywhere it was
met with enthusiasm.

  Enlistment and war preparations went
steadily on. but despite it all there were
more marriages that next month—three
times over—than in any before. I had
now been in power some three months, and
the time was approaching when we were
ready to make our invasion of the Twilight
Country. We had been maintaining a rigid
aerial patrol of the Narrow Sea, but no
further activities of the enemy had been
threatened.

  The expedition, when it was ready, num-
bered about a thousand young men. each
armed with one of the hand light-ray cyl-
inders; fifty officers, and about fifty older

men in charge of the projectors and rock-
ets, who. for want of a better term. I might
call our artillery corps. There was also the
organization of girls, and a miscellaneous
corps of men to handle the boats, mechan-
ics to set up the projectors, and a commis-
sariat.

  The thousand young men represented
those we had selected from the several
thousand enlisted in the Great City. All
the rest, and the many thousands in the
other cities, we were holding in reserve.

  We took with us, on this invading expe-
dition, only small-wheeled trucks, on which
to convey the larger projectors, and storage
tanks and other heavy apparatus, for the
Lone City river ran directly to the point
where we planned to conduct our siege.

  Some forty large boats were required to
carry the men, ammunition and supplies.
Mercer and I. with Anina and Miela, trav-
eled as before through the air on the two
platforms with the girls. We crossed the
Narrow Sea without incident and entered
the river.

  Several hours up. the river narrowed and
entered a rocky gorge, four or five hundred
feet wide and a thousand feet deep, witS
almost perpendicular sides. Along one of
these ran the Lone City trail. We passed
through this gorge. The river here flowed
with a current that amounted almost to
rapids. Our boats made slow progress. Fi-
nally we emerged into an even wilder coun-
try, almost devoid of trees. Here we made
our first night's encampment.

  Noon of the next day found us approach-
ing the Lone City. We did not need to sur-
mise now that Tao would be warned, lor
far away on the horizon ahead we saw the
beams from his great projectors mounting
up into the blackness of the sky. Some
four miles from the Lone City the river
we were ascending swept on to the right
This was its dosest point to the dty. and
here we disembarked. There were several
docks and a few houses, but we found them
all deserted.

  The Lone City was particularly well suit-
ed to defense, even though the lay of the
country was such that we were enabled
to approach here within four miles, and
establish our base in comparative safety.
THE FIRE PEOPLE.

309

The country was wild and rocky, with few
trees. The river bed lay in a canon. From
where we landed, a valley so deep and nar-
row, it might almost be termed a canon,
also led up to the city.

  This valley was some two miles wide,
with a level floor, and precipitous, rocky
sides towering in many places over a thou-
sand feet. Above it stretched a broken
plateau country. The valley had many
sharp bends and turns, as though in some
distant past it had been the bed of a great
river that had eroded its tortuous course
through the rock.

  The Lone City lay shut in at the bottom
of this valley between two of its bends.

It was a settlement of perhaps ten thousand
people, the only city in the Twilight Coun-
try, with one exception, on this hemisphere
of Mercury.

  We established our field base here at the
 river, and I devoted the next few days
 to informing myself of the exact lay of
 the country, and the methods of defense of
 the city Tao had provided.

    I found this defense the height of sim-
plicity, and for its purpose as effective as
it w?ell could be. A vertical barrage of
light surrounded the city, extending up-
ward into the air with the most powerful
projectors some ten or fifteen miles, and,
with those of the spreading rays, forming
a solid wall of light at the lower altitudes.
There were no projectors past the first turn
in the valley toward the river—where they
could have been directed horizontally—and
none of them on the cliff tops above the
city. Thus, although we could not get over
this light-barrage, we could approach it
closely in many places.

   Tao’s tactics became immediately evi-
  dent. He had thrown an almost impregna-
  ble barrier close about him and, trusting
  to its protection, was making no effort to
  combat us for the moment with any moves
  of offense.

    My first endeavor was to find a position
  on top of the cliffs from which the city
  could be reached with a projector. It was
  practically the only thing to do. The city
  could not be approached in front from the
  valley floor; its entire surface beyond the
  turn was swept by the light-rays. Ap-

  proach from below in the rear wTas likewise
  barred.

  Had the barrage been not so high our
girls might have flown over it and dropped
bombs, or we might have sent rockets over
it and dropped them into the city. Neither
of these projects was practical. The girls
could not fly over that barrage. It was too
cold in the higher altitudes. Nor could
we send rockets over, for rockets sent
through the light were exploded before they
could reach their mark.

  The projectors along the sides of the city
were located for the most part a hundred
feet or more back from the base of the
surrounding cliffs. This allowed them to
cut the cliff face at the top. It will be
understood then that we could approach the
brink of the cliff in many places, but never
sufficiently near to be able to direct our rays
downward into the city.

  These cliffs wrere exceedingly jagged and
broken. They overhung in many places.
Great rifts spl>t them; ravines wTound their
way down, many of these with small, stunt-
ed trees growing in them. A descent from
the summit to the floor of the valley, had
we been unimpeded by the light, would in
many places not have been difficult.

  During the next w7eek we succeeded—-
working in the prevailing gloom—in estab-
lishing a projector at the mouth of a ravine
which emerged at the cliff face hardly a
hundred feet from the valley bottom. This
point was below the spreading light-rays
which swept the cliff top above. We
mounted the projector without discovery,
and, flashing it on suddenly, swept the val-
ley with its rays. An opposing ray from
below picked it out almost immediately,
and destroyed it, killing two of our men.

    The irregularities of the cliffs made sev-
  eral other similar attempts possible. We
  took advantage of them, and in each case
  were able to rake the valley with our fire
  for a moment before our projector was lo-
  cated and destroyed. One, which we were
  at great pains to protect, was maintained
  for a somewhat longer period.

   I believed we had done an immense
 amount of damage by these momentarily
 active projectors, although our enemy gave
 no sign.
310

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  We then tried dropping rockets at the
base of the lights in the valley. There were
few points at which they could be reached
without striking the rays first. But we per-
sisted, sending up a hundred or more. Most
were ineffective; a few found their mark,
as we could tell b^a sudden “ hole " in the
barrage, which, no&ever, was invariably
repaired before we could make it larger.

  These activities lasted a week or more.
It began to look as though we had entered
upon a lengthy siege. I wondered how long
the city’s food supply would last if we set-
tled down to starve it out. The thought
came to me then that Tao might be almost
ready for his second expedition to the earth.
Was he indeed merely standing us off in
this way so that some day he migh depart
in his vehicle before our very eyes?

  Tao began to adopt our tactics. With-
out warning one day a projector from a
towering eminence near the city flashed
down at the river encampment. That we
were not entirely destroyed was due to the
extreme watchfulness of our guards, who
located it immediately with their rays. As
it was, w e lost nearly a hundred men in the
single moment it was in operation.

  We then withdrew our camp farther away
down the river, to a point where the con-
formation of the country made a repetition
of this attack impossible. A sort of guer-
rilla warfare now began in the mountains.
Our scouting parties frequently met Tao’s
men, and many encounters, swiftly fatal to
one side or the other, took place. But all
the time we were able, at intervals, to rake
the valley without fire for brief periods.

  Mercer constantly was evolving plans of
the utmost daring, most of them indeed
amounting practically to suicide for those
undertaking them. But I held him back.
Our present tactics were dangerous enough,
although after the first few fatalities we
succeeded in protecting our men, even
though our projectors were invariably de-
stroyed.

  One of Mercer's plans we tried with some
success. There were some places in the
light-barrage that were much less high than
others. AVe devised a smaller rocket that
could be fired from the platforms. Mercer
took it up some twenty thousand feet, and

sent several rockets over the light, which
we hoped dropped into the city.

  A month went by in this way. We were
in constant communication by water with
the Great City, receiving supplies and reen-
forcements of men and armament. And
then gradually the situation changed. Over
a period of several days our hand-to-hand
encounters with the enemy grew less fre-
quent. Finally two or three days went by
without one of them taking place.

  We became bolder and prepared to es-
tablish several projectors at different* points
for simultaneous fire at a given signal. The
light-barrage in the valley remained un-
changed, although now its beams held
steady instead of sometimes sw inging to and
fro. We dislodged one of its projectors
with a rocket, making a hole in the bar-
rage, which this time was not repaired.
And then, to our amazement, the lights one
by one began to die away. We ceased op-
erations, waiting. Within half a day they
had all vanished, like lights which had flick-
ered and burned out.

   Mercer, unthinking, was all for an instant
attack. We could indeed have swept the
valley now without difficulty; but there
were thousands of people in the city—non-
combatants, women and children—and to
murder them to no purpose was not the sort
of warfare we cared to make.

  It seemed probable that Tao had evacu-
ated his position. The valley beyond the
city led up into the mountains toward the
Dark City, almost on the borderland of the
frozen wastes of the Dark Country. Tao
had protected this valley from behind so
that we had been unable to penetrate it
without making a detour of over twenty
miles. This I had not done, although had
the siege lasted longer I think with our next
reenforcement we should have attempted it.

  With the extinguishing of the lights our
long-range activities ceased. We anticipated
some trick, and for several days remained
quiet. Our girls could have flown over the
city; but this I would not allow, fearing
that a ray would bring them suddenly down.

  Miela and myself, occupying one of the
stone houses down by the river, held a con-
sultation there with Mercer and Anina.

  Mercer, as usual, was for instant action.
THE FIRE PEOPLE.

311

  “ We might as well march right in,’* he
declared. ‘ They’re out of business, or
they’ve gone—one or the other.”

  " To the Dark City they have gone, I
think,” Anina said.

  “ I think so, too,” Mercer agreed.

  “ I’ll go in alone on foot,” I said, “ and
find out what has happened.

  But Miela shook her head.

  “ One who can flv will go more safely, I
shall go.”

  “ Not you, my sister,” Anina said quiet-
ly. “ Warfare is not -for you—now. That
you can understand, can you not? I shall
go.”

  Mercer insisted on accompanying her;
and he did. pan of the way, waiting while
she flew close over the city. It was several
hours before they returned, reporting that
the place was almost in ruins, and that Tao
and his men had fled some time before,
leaving the light-barrage to bum itself out.
The next day, with our men in the black
cloth suits of armor marching up the valley,
and the girls with their black shields flying
overhead, we took possession of all that
remained of the Lone City.

CHAPTER XXVIII.

THE END OF TAO.

THE scene of desolation that met us in
the Lone City was at once extraor-
dinary and awesome. It seemed im-
possible that our rays, acting for so Drief
a period, could have done so much dam-
age. The city was nothing more than a
semicivilized settlement of little, flat-topped
stone houses. Our rays, striking these, had
discharged harmlessly into the ground. But
the interiors had been penetrated through
windows and doors, and everything inflam-
mable about them, as well as about the
streets, had been destroyed.

  The people had taken refuge in cellars
underground and in caves and crevices—
wherever they could find shelter. But even
so, there were a thousand dead in that
city that morning, and rapidly spreading
disease would shortly have killed them all.
They came out of their hiding places little
by little as we entered the streets, and stood

about in groups staring at us sullenly. They
seemed mostly old men and women and
children, the younger men having fled with
Tao’s army. They were heavy-set, apa-
thetic people, with broad, heavy faces,
pasty-white skin, and large protruding eyes.
We were in the Lone City nearly a month,
burying the dead, doing what we could for
the people, and destroying or removing the
apparatus Tao had left behind him.

  The Lone City, before the banishment
of Tao, had been one of the most primitive
settlements of the Twilight region. It was
in the other hemisphere that the Twilight
Country' was more densely populated; but
since this Lone City was so close to the
Great City it had become the scene of Tao’s
exile.

  This region about the Lone City was
of the most barren of the whole Twilight
country-. Its people were almost entirely
meat eaters. Back toward the Dark Coun-
try great bands of animals like caribou
roamed. Living almost entirely in dark-
ness, they' had little power of sight, and
were easy prey to hunters.

  Their hides, which wTere covered with
short, white fur, provided clothing; a form
of candle was made from their fat, and
used for lighting; and their flesh provided
food. The Dark City, some two hundred
and fifty miles away, was the center from
which most of these animals were obtained.

  “ Then, that’s where Tao has been get-
ting his supplies from,” Mercer exclaimed,
as we heard all this from one of the Twi-
light People. “ And that’s where be has
gone now.”

  Tao had indeed withdrawn to the Dark
City, we learned positively. And more than
that, we learned that he had factories there
as well as here. We found in the Lone City
some eight of the interplanetary vehicles—
most of them almost entirely completed.
The fact that Tao had abandoned them so
readily made us believe he had others in
the Dark City.

  There seemed a curious lack of appli-
ances for protection against the ray. This
we attributed to two causes—that Tao had
managed to take most of them with him,
and that his supply of fabric came from
distant cities on the other side of the globe.
312

ARGOS Y-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

Within a month after we had occupied the
Lone City we were again ready to start for-
ward. It had been an irksome month for
Mercer, and not a day had passed without
my receiving a truculent declaration from
him that we were fools to allow Tao to es-
cape so easily.

  Our occupation of the Lone City was to
continue. On this second expedition farther
into the Twilight Country 1 took with me
a much smaller and more select force. We
had before us a land journey of some two
hundred and fifty miles, through an un-
known, barren country, in which it would
be difficult for us to maintain ourselves,
so I was determined to be burdened with as
few men as possible.

  Our force consisted of all the older men
trained in the operation of the larger pro-
jectors and rockets; a variety of mechanics
and helpers, men selected for their physical
strength; a corps of young men to the num-
ber of fifty, and fifty girls.

  We did not take the platforms, for I
assumed it would be too cold for the girls
to make sustained flights. Against this cold
we provided ourselves well with the white
furry garments of the Twilight People. I
need not go into details of our march to
the Dark City. It occupied some three
weeks. We met with no opposition, pass-
ing a few isolated settlements, whose inhab-
itants rather welcomed us than otherwise.

  This region we passed through took us
almost to the ill-defined borders of the Dark
Country. It was not mountainous, but
rather more a great broken plateau with a
steady ascent. Each day it grew darker and
colder, until at last we entered perpetual
night. It was not the sort of night we know
on earth, but a Stygian blackness.

  We used little torches now, of the light-
ray current, and our little army, trudging
along in their lurid glare, and dragging its
wagons piled high with the projectors, pre-
sented a curious and weird picture. The
country for the most part was barren rock,
with a few stunted trees growing in the
ravines and crevices. There was an abun-
dance of water.

  We encountered several rainstorms, and
once during the last week it snowed a little.
Except for the storms, the wind held steady,

a gentle breeze f om the colder regions in
front blowing back toward the Light Coun-
try behind us.

  During the latter days of our journey
I noticed a curious change in the ground.
It seemed now, in many places, to be like
a soft, chalky limestone, which ran in pock-
ets and seams between strata of very hard
rock. I called Miela's attention to it once,
and she pointed out a number of irregular
shaped, small masses of a substance which
in daylight I assumed might be yellow.
These were embedded in the soft limestone.

  “ Sulphur,” she said. “ Like that on your
earth. There is much of it up here, I have
heard.”

  The Dark City occupied a flat plateau,
slightly elevated above the surrounding
country, and on the brink of a sheer drop
of some six or seven thousand feet to an*
arm of the polar sea.

  Our problems now were very different
from when we had laid siege to the Lone
City. The conformation of the country al-
lowed us no opportunity to approach closer
than two or three miles to the barrage of
light, we must expect. We could not reach
the city from these nearest points with our
projectors.

  There were many lateral ravines de-
pressed below the upper surface of the main
plateau, and though the light-rays from the
city, directed horizontally, would sweep
their tops, we found we could traverse many
of them a considerable distance in safety.
But from the bottoms of them we could
only fire our rockets without specific aim
and our projectors not at all.

  Only by the most fortuitous of circum-
stances did we escape complete annihilation
the first moment we appeared within range.
We had no idea what lay ahead—although
the guides we had brought with us from the
Lone City informed us we vvere nearing our
destination—and the scene remained in
complete darkness until we were hardly
more than five miles outside Tao’s strong-
hold.

  Then, without warning, his lights flashed
on—not only a vertical barrage, but a hori-
zontal one as well—sweeping the higher
points of the entire country around for a
distance of twelve or fifteen miles.
THE FIRE PEOPLE.

313

  We were, at the moment, following the
bottom of a narrow gully. Had we been on
any of the upper reaches of the plateau we
would undoubtedly have been picked out by
one of the roving beams of light and de-
stroyed.

  We camped where we were, and again for
several days I attempted nothing, devoting
myself to a thorough exploration of the
country about us. The Dark City appeared
impregnable. Beams of light from Tao's
larger projectors were constantly roaming
about the entire plateau that surrounded
it, and every higher point of vantage from
which one of ours could have reached them
must have been struck by their rays a score
of times a day.

   It will be understood, of course, that any
place where we could mount one of the
higher powered projectors, a task of several
hours at best, and strike the city, must of
necessity be also within range of their rays,
for theirs were as powerful as ours. Upon
observation I felt convinced that should we
attempt to mount a projector anywhere on
these higher points it would be sought out
and destroyed long before we could bring it
into action.

   That this was Tao's stronghold, and not
the Lone City, now became evident. I
could readily understand why he had re-
treated here. Fully four times as many
projectors as he had in operation in the
Lone City were now in evidence. Those of
shorter range, and spreading rays, kept the
entire country bathed in steady light for
several miles around him, while the larger
ones—a hundred of them possibly—roved
constantly over the black emptiness be-
yond.

  From our encampment we could advance
but little farther. Fortunately, retreat was
open to us; and once beyond the circle of
steady light, we had no difficulty in mov-
ing about in the darkness, even though mo-
mentarily we frequently were within range
of the single light-beams, had they chanced
to swing upon us.

   This was the situation which, even Mer-
cer agreed, appeared hopeless. We explored
the brink of the precipice below which lay
the sea. It was a sheer drop of many thou-
sand feet. Although a descent might have

been made closer to the Dark City, cer-
tainly it was not possible at any point we
could reach. We sent our girls down, and
they reported that from below it appeared
probable that access to the ocean was had
by the Dark City some miles farther along.
They went but a short distance, for Tao’s
lights were occasionally sweeping about;
and more than that, they could make but
very short flights, owing to the cold.

  To starve Tao out appeared equally as
impractical as a direct attack. With our
little army we could not surround the city
on a circumference of some eighty miles.
We might, indeed, have barred the several
roads that entered it, but it seemed probable
that if Tao wanted to come out he would
come, for all we could do to stop him. And
yet to starve him out seemed our only pos-
sible plan.

  “ We’ll have to send back for reenforce-
ments,” I told Mercer, Miela and Anina
at one of our many conferences. “ An army
of several thousand, if we can maintain it
up here.”

  And then, the very next day, Mercer and
Anina came forward with their discovery.
We had set up our encampment of little
black fabric tents in a ravine some six miles
outside the city, securely hidden by sur-
rounding cliffs. Above us across the black
sky the greenish-red beams of Tao’s light-
rays swept continually to and fro. Miela
and I were sitting together disconsolately in
our tent, reviewing the situation, when Mer-
cer and Anina burst in. They had been
roaming about together, exploring the coun-
try, and came in now full of excitement and
enthusiasm to tell us what they had found.
We two were to accompany them. They
would tell us no more than that; and as
soon as we had all eaten we started off. It
would be a trip of several hours, Mercer
said, and would take us around to the
other side and partly behind the Dark
City.

  We followed no road, but scrambled
along over the open country, picking our
way as best we could, and using the lights
from the city to give us direction. The two
girls half walked, half flew, and Mercer and
I, with our ability to take huge leaps, made
rapid progress.
314

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY,

  The night was black—that unluminous
blackness that seems to swallow everything,
even objects near at hand. We made our
way along, using little hand searchlights
that threw a red glare a short distance be-
fore us.

  We kept down in the gulleys as much as
possible, avoiding the higher places where
Tao’s long-range beams were constantly
striking, and passed around in front of the
Dark City, keeping always at least five
miles away.

  We had been traveling two or three
hours, and still Mercer and Anina gave us
no clew to what we were about to see. It
began to snow. Huge, soft flakes soon lay
thick on the ground.

  “ Mercer, where are you taking us?” I
exclaimed once.

  “ You shall see very soon now,” Anina
answered me. “ What we have found, Ol-
lie and I—and our plan—you shall under-
stand it soon.”

  We had to be content with that. An
hour later we found ourselves well around
behind the Dark City and hardly more than
four miles outside it. A great jagged cliff-
face, two hundred feet high perhaps, front-
ed us. We, at its base, were on compara-
tively low ground here, with another low
line of cliffs shading us from the light-
beams of the city.

  Mercer and Anina stopped and pointed
upward at the cliff. A huge seam of the
soft, chalky limestone ran laterally for five
hundred feet or more across its face. I
saw embedded in this seam great irregular
masses of sulphur.

  ‘‘ There you are,” sjid Mercer trium-
phantly. " Sulphur—stacks of it. All we
have to do is set fire to it. With the wind
blowing this way—right toward the city—”
His gesture was significant.

  The feasibility of the plan struck us at
once. It was an enormous deposit of free
sulphur. From this point the prevailing
wind blew directly across the city. The
sulphur lay in great masses sufficiently close
together so that if we were to set fire to it
in several places with our small light-ray
torches wre could be assured of its burning
steadily. And its fumes, without warning,
blowing directly over the city— I shud-

dered as the whole thing became clear to
me.

  “ Good God, man—”

  “ That ’11 smoke ’em out,” declared Mer-
cer, waving his hand again toward the cliff.
“ I ask you now, won’t that smoke ’em
out?”

  “ Tao’s men—yes.” Miela’s face was
grave as she answered Mercer’s triumphant
question. “ It will do that, Ollie. Kill them
all, of a certainty; but that whole city
there—”

  Mercer stared at his feet, toying idly with
the little torch in his hand.

  “ Can you think of any other way to get
at Tao?” he asked.

  Anina met my eyes steadily.

  “ There is no other way,” she said quiet-
ly. “ It must be done. It is your world—
your people—we must think of now. And
you know there is no other w’ay.”

  We decided at last to try it. Once we
had made the decision, we proceeded as
quickly as possible to put the plan into
execution. We moved our encampment
farther away, well out of danger from the
fumes.

  We mounted several of the projectors in
positions where their rays could reach the
surrounding country, and the sky, although
not the city itself. Then, ordering our men
and girls to hold themselves in readiness for
whatever might occur, we four went off to-
gether to fire the sulphur.

  The wind was blowing directly toward
the city as we stood at the base of the cliff,
a silent little group. I think that now, at
this moment, we all of us hesitated in awe
at what we were about to do.

  Mercer broke the tension.

  “ Come on, Alan—let’s start it off. Xow
is the time—a lot of places at once.”

  We flashed on our little light-rays, and
in a moment the sulphur was on fire at a
score of different points. We drew off a
few hundred feet to one side and sat down
to watch it in the darkness. Overhead
Tao’s red beams swept like giant search-
lights across the inky sky.

  The sulphur started burning with tiny
little spots of wavering blue flame that
seemed, many of them, about to die away.
Gradually they grew larger, spreading out
THE FIRE PEOPLE.

315

slowly and silently in ever-widening circles.
Under the heat of the flames the sulphur
masses became molten, turned into a vis-
cous dark red fluid that boiled and bubbled
heavily and dropped spluttering upon the
ground.

  Slowly the blue-green flames spread
about, joining each other and making more
rapid headway'—a dozen tiny volcanoes
vomiting their deadly fumes and pouring
forth their sluggish, boiling lava. The scene
about us now was lighted in a horrible blue-
green glare. A great cloud of thin smoke
gathered, hung poised a moment, and then
rolled slowly away—its deadly fumes hang-
ing low to the ground and spreading ever
wider as though eager to clutch the un-
suspecting city in their deadly embrace.

   The entire face of the cliff was now cov-
ered with the crawling blue fire, lapping
avidly about with its ten-foot tongues. We
drew back, staring silently at each other’s
ghastly green faces.

   “ Let’s—let’s get away,” Mercer whis-
pered finally. “ No use staying here now.”

  We hurried back to the nearest place
where one of our projectors was set up.
The two men guarding it looked at us anx-
iously, and smiled triumphantly when Miela
told them what we had done. We stood
beside them a moment, then Miela and I
climbed to an eminence near by from
which we had an unobstructed view of the
city.

   The light-barrage still held steady. The
individual, higher-powered projectors as be-
fore swung their beams lazily about the
country. We sat partly in the shelter of a
huge bowlder, behind which we could have
dropped quickly had one of them turned
our way.

   “ Soon it will be there,” Miela said soft-
ly, when we had been sitting quiet for a
time.

   I did not answer. It was indeed too sol-
emn a thing for words, this watching from
the darkness while an invisible death, let
loose by our own hands, stole down upon
our complacent enemies.

  A few moments more we watched—and
still the scene before us showed no change.
Then, abruptly, the lights seemed to waver;
some of the beams swung hurriedly to and

fro, then remained motionless in unusual
positions, as though the men at their levers
in sudden panic had abandoned them.

  My heart was beating violently. What
hidden tragedy was being enacted behind
that silent barrier of light? I shuddered
as my imagination conjured up hideous pic-
tures of that unseen death that now must
be stalking about those city streets, enter-
ing those homes, polluting the air with its
stifling, noisome breath, and that even at
this distance seemed clutching at my own
lungs.

  I suppose the whole thing did last only a
moment. There was little in what we saw
of significance had we not known. But we
did know—and the knowledge left us trem-
bling and unnerved.

  I leaped to my feet, pulling Miela after
me, and in a few moments more we were
back beside the projector we had left with
Mercer and Anina. Suddenly a white shape
appeared in the sky over the city. It passed
perilously close above the shattered light-
barrage and came sailing out in our direc-
tion.

  Mercer jumped for the projector, but I
was nearer, and in a moment I had flashed
it on.

  “It’s Tao!” Mercer shouted. “He—”

  It was one of Tao’s interplanetary ve-
hicles, rising slowly in a great arc above us.
I swung our light-beams upward; it swept
across the sky and fell upon the white
shape; the thing seemed to poise in its
flight, as though held by the little red circle
of light that fastened upon it, boring its
way in. Then, slowly at first, it fell; faster
and faster it dropped, until it struck the
ground with a great crash-—the first and
only sound of all this soundless warfare.

  It was three days before the great sul-
phur deposit we had ignited burned itself
out. The lights of the city had all died
away, and blackness such as I never hope
to experience again settled down upon the
scene.

  We approached the Dark City then; we
even entered one or two of its outlying
houses; but beyond that we did not go, for
we had made certain of what we wanted to
know.
316	ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  I remember my father once describing
how, when a young man. he had gone to
the little island of Martinique shortly after
the great volcanic outbreak of Mount Pelee.
I remember his reluctance to dwell upon
the scenes he saw there in that silent city
of St. Pierre—the houses with their dead
occupants, stricken as they were sitting
about the' family table; the motionless
forms in the streets, lying huddled where
death had overtaken them in their sudden
panic. That same reluctance silences me
now, for one does not voluntarily dwell
upon such scenes as those.

  A day or so later we found the inter-
plan etarv projectile which had sought to
escape. Amid its wreckage lay the single,
broken form of Tao—that leader who, plot-
ting the devastation of two worlds for his
own personal gain, had at the very last de-
serted his comrades and met his death alone.

CHAPTER XXIX.

THE KETURN.

THERE is but little more to add. With
the death of Tao and the changing of
the law concerning the virgins’ wings,
my mission on Mercury was over. But I
did not think of that then, for with the
w7ar ended, my position as virtual ruler of
the Light Country still held Mercer and
me occupied with a multiplicity of details.
It was a month or more after our return
from the Twilight Country that Miela re-
minded me of father and my duty to him.
“ You have forgotten, my husband. But I
have not. Your world—it calls you now.
You must go back.”

  Go back home—to father and dear little
Beth! I had not realized how much I had
wanted it.

  “ What you have done for our nation—
for our girls—can never be repaid, Alan.
And you can do more in later years, per-
haps. But now your father needs you—
and we must think of him.”

  I cast aside every consideration of what
changes would first have to be made here
on Mercury, and decided in that moment
to go.

  “ But you must go with me, Miela,” I

said, and then, as I thought of something
else, I added gently: “ You will, won’t you,
little wife? For you know I cannot leave
you now.”

  She smiled her tender little smile.

  “ ‘ Whither thou goest, I will go,’ my
husband,” she quoted softly, “ * for thy
people shall be mv people, and thy God my
God.’ ”

  We were ready to start at the time of
the next inferior conjunction of Mercury
with the earth. At our combined pleading,
and with the permission of his associates,
Fuero was persuaded to take command of
the nation during my absence; and I felt
I was leaving affairs in able hands.

  Lua refused to accompany us; but she
urged Anina to go, and the little girl was
ready enough to take advantage of her
mother’s permission.

  Though he said nothing, I shall never
forget Mercer’s face as this decision was
made.

  The vehicle in which Miela had made her
former trip was still lying in the valley
where we had left it. We went away pri-
vately, only Lua and Fuero accompanying
us out of the city.

  Lua parted with her two daughters
quietly. Her emotions at seeing them go
she concealed under that sweet, gentle re-
serve which w7as characteristic of her al-
ways.

  “ Promise me you will be careful of her,
Alan,” she said softly as she kissed me at
parting.

  We landed in the Chilean Andes, with
that patient statue of the Christ to welcome
us back to earth. The Trans-Andean Rail-
road runs near it, and we soon were in the
city of Buenos Aires. The two girls, with
wings shrouded in their long cloaks, walked
about its crowded streets with a wonder-
ment I can only vaguely imagine. We had
only what little money I had taken with me
to Mercury. I interviewed a prominent
banker of the city, told him in confidence
w'ho I was, and from him obtained neces-
sary funds.

  We cabled father then, and he answered
at once that he would come down and join
us. We waited for him down there, and in
THE FIRE PEOPLE.

317

another month he was with us—dear old
gentleman, leaning over the steamer rail,
trying to hold back the tears of joy that
sprang into his eyes at sight of me. Little
Beth was with him, too, smart and stylish
as ever, anti good old Bob Trevor, whom she
shyly presented as her husband.

  The beach at Mar del Plata, near Buenos
Aires, is one of the most beautiful spots in
South America; and on a clear moonlight
night, with the Southern Cross overhead, it
displays the starry heavens as few other
places can on this earth.

  On such a night in February, 1942, Mer-
cer and Anina sat together on the sand,
apart from the gay throng that crowded
the pavilion below them. The girl was
dressed all in white, with a long black cape
covering her wings. Her beautiful blond
hair was piled on her head in huge soft coils,
and over it she had thrown a filmy, &y-
blue mantilla that shone with a soft luster
in the moonlight and seemed reflected in
the blue of her eyes.

   Mercer in white flannels sat beside her,
cross-legged on the white sand, with a new-
ly purchased Hawaiian guitar across his lap.
From the band stand in the pavilion down
the beach faint strains of music floated up
to them. The moon silvered the water be-
fore them; a soft, gentle breeze of summer
caressed their cheeks; the myriad stars glit-
tered overhead like brilliant gems scattered
on the turquoise velvet of the sky.

   Anina, chin cupped in her hand, sat star-
ing at the wonderful heavens that all her
life before had been withheld from her
sight. She sighed tremulously.

   “ I want to say this is a night,” Mercer
declared, breaking a long silence.

   “ It’s—it’s beautiful,” she answered soft-
ly. “ Those millions of worlds—like mine,
perhaps—or like this one of yours.” She
turned to him. “ Ollie, which of them is my
world?”

  “ You can’t see it now, Anina. It’s too
close to the sun.”

  Again she sighed. “ I’m sorry for that.
It would seem closer, perhaps, if we could
see it.”

  “ You’re not sorry you came, Anina?
You don’t want to go back now?”

  “ Not now, Ollie.” She smiled into his
earnest, pleading eyes. “ For those I love
are here as well as there. I have Miela and
Alan—and—”

  “ And?” Mercer leaned forward eagerly.

  “ And Miela’s little son—that darling lit-
tle baby. We must go back soon and see
Miela. She will be wondering where we
are.”

  Mercer sat back. “ Oh,” he said. “ Yes,
we must.”

  The band in the pavilion stopped its mu-
sic. Mercer slid his little steel cross-piece
over the guitar strings and began to play
the haunting, crying music of the islands,
the music of moonlight and love. After a
moment he stopped abruptly.

  “ Anina, that little song you sang in the
boat that day—you remember—the day wre
went to the Water City? Sing it again,
Anina.”

  She sang it through softly, just as she had
in the boat, to its last ending little half-
sob.

  Mercer laid his guitar on the sand beside
him.

  “ You said that music talks to you,
Anina—though sometimes you—you don’t
understand just what it tries to say. I feel
it that way, too—only—only to-night—now
—I think I do understand.”

  His voice was very soft and earnest and
just a trifle husky.

  “ You said that it was a love-song, Ani-
na, and it was sad because love is sad. Do
you—think love is always sad?” He put
out his hand awkwardly and touched hers.
“ Do you, Anina?” he whispered.

  Her little figure swayed toward him. She
half turned, and in her shining eyes he saw
the light that needs no words to make its
meaning clear.

  The timidity that so often before had
restrained him was swept away; he took
her abruptly into his arms, kissing her hair,
her eyes, her lips.

  “ Love isn’t—always very sad, is it,
Anina?”

  Her arms held him close.

  “ I—I don’t know,” she breathed against
his shoulder. “ But it’s—it’s very—won-
derful.”

THE END.
  IZZY KAPLAN’S KOLUMN

 Received via W. 0. McGEEHAN

  THE FATE OF EX-CHAMPIONS

ELL, I see where Kink Constantstein, which he
used to be Kink of Greece, is out of a chob
with a tough winter coming on. I don’t even
know if he was a good feller when he had i4_s
or not. I never knew no kinks in a personal
way, but I never heard nobody speaking no
good about them. There is a lot of knocking
going on in this woild and you wouldn’t know
how to take some of the knocks. A lot of
people is knocking me, but I never pay no atten-
tion to them on account I am too big a feller.

     I am kind of sorry for this feller Constantstein on account it might be hard for
him to get it another chob. When a feller is out everybody is bolting the door on him.
and when he is in everybody is inwiting him to sit down and take it a load oil his feet.

    Maybe an ex-kink is chust like a ex-champeen and a ex-champeen is the lone-
somest feller in the woild. The only ex-champeen that people had any use for at all
was Chon L. Solomon, which he was the best box fighter of them all until a young
feller by the name Corbett hit him on all of his chins at the same time and knocked
him cool. Then Chon L. Solomon became chust an ex-champeen, and people wasn’t
so glad to see him, only they never told him so ©n account Chon L. Solomon hit them
first always and then asked them what they done him and why when they would
come to at the hospital.

     I don’t know what netionality it is that Chon L. Solomon was, but there was lots
of Solomons in Lithuania where I come from, and some of them is relations of mine.
Maybe Chon L. Solomon was one of them, though lots of people has told me that they
thought he was an Irisher and that they seen him in a St. Petrick's Day parade. That
don’t mean nothing on account I was wunst in a St. Petrick’s Day parade myseluf.

I	marched in it for protection, and you couldn’t blame me if you lived in that neigh-
borhood.	_	,

  Even to-day there is a feller up in Harlem which whenever he would get a couple

318
IZZY KAPLAN S KOLUMN.

319

drinks of slivowitz would come to me and say: “Izzy, you are a good feller and I
would let you shook the hand which it shook the hand of Chon L. Solomon.’'

    You never hear of a feller who esks you to shook the hand which it shook the
hand of Chim Corbett or Chim Jeffries. Them two Chims is chust ex-champeens and
ex-champeens is nix. They are chust like some feller which he failed in business, and
you walk on the other side of the street when they are coming. Of course, before you
get cool to the feller you find out whether he made a little something or lost the whole
business on the failure on account some failures chust means that a feller is brenching
out on a bigger scale, and it would be a rotten mistake to think that a feller who is
making a failure for business reasons is really broke.

     But I am speaking of fellers which they really got foolish and ain’t got nothing
left like an ex-champeen box fighter. The other night I w-as at a box fighting, and
Bettling Nelson, which he used to be champeen box fighter, tries to climb into the
rink so that he would be introductioned. But a cop chased him out of the place.
Wunst everybody wanted to be introductioned to Bettling Nelson, but when he is an
ex-champeen nobody would want to talk to him at all.

    Maybe the reason why is that when a feller becomes an ex-champeen he is going
to be an ex all his life, and everybody knows it. It is different in any other business
on account frinstance if I should have a rotten season and become an ex-photografter
the chances is that later on I might be right back in business again.

    Box fighters and kinks, they never come back. When a box fighter gets it on
the chin the best he can hope for is that wunst in a while they wrould say: “ Well, he
was a good feller when he had it.” And maybe that’s the best which this Mr. Con-
stantstein which he lost his kink chob could expect.

    Well, I hope they will never be saying that about me. What I want them to be
saying instead: “ Izzy Kaplan is a good feller and he has still got it.” I never want
to be one of those exes, even a kink’s exes.

 Sometimes _ _________

they wouldn’t
even admit
that you was
a good feller
when you had
it. From what
they told me
this feller
Con stanstein
would be chust
as w elcome
like smallpox
around a
Greek restau-
rant to-day
and they
wouldn’t even
give him a
bowl of soup.

NEVER COME BACK.

 Nick the Greek, which
 he runs it a restaurant
 in Harlem, was all the
 time tolding me how
 he seen Kink Constant-
 stein wunst when he
 was in the old country,
 and he showed me the
 wery het which he
S20

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY,

threw it up in the air when the kink was passing by, and he never would trust no
cleaning feller with that het on account he wanted to keep it in the femily. It was a
derby’s het, but since this last business in Greece when Kink Constantstein precti-
cally went into benkruptcv, Nick the Greek is wearing a new soft het, and he told me
confidential that this feller Constantstein always was a faker and never was on the
level with nobody, not even himseluf.

     Look at this feller Manuel, which he used to be kink from the Portugeeses. He
has been out of woik so long that people is saying that he was nothing but a loafer
prectically all his life. I never knew no Portugeeses so I couldn’t get no line on what
kind of a feller he was when he had the chob. Nobody remembers nothing about
him, except that he is out.

     With the politicianers it is the same way. The chob wouldn’t last, and when it is
gone it must be hard on an ex getting used to getting the gone-by. The toughest
thing must be to be an ex-Senator when chust when he gets used to making it a speech
all the time he couldn’t get nobody to listen, excepting maybe his wife, on account
she is so used to it that she could listen without hearing nothing like I would listen
to adwice from my old man.

     Thinking about this kind of business is good to keep a feller from getting too
fresh. I read that when they are getting a new kink they would holler: “ The kink
is dead. Long live the kink.” It makes me think that some day they might be holler-
ing: “ Izzy Kaplan is failed. Three cheers for Moe Koenigsberg.” Then I am noth-
ing but an ex-photografter, nothing but a loafer chust like this feller Constantstein.
Honest, I am getting sorrier for that feller every minuite.

     Everybody becomes a nix when he is an ex, everybody excepting one feller. Chon
L. Solomon. They are still tolding howr they shook it the hand that shook it the hand
of Chon L. Solomon.

    Adwice to the Lovelorn.—Yes, Abe, marritch would cure you, but if you
have seen some of the fellers that it has cured maybe you would chust as soon not be
cured.—I. K.

Next week Izzy Kaplan ENVIES COLLEGE PRANKS.

ADMIRA TION

                        IT’S not so much the looks of her,

Though she’s the loveliest ever,

                         Nor is it just the way she has,

                        Though she’s most awfully clever;

                          It’s not her voice, her grace, her height,

                       Though she can’t be beat by another,

                           It’s just the feeling that’s out of sight,

                        When I think I’m not her brother!

                                                     Floyd Meredith.

10 A,
ARGOSY ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

In on»if(H»5 »*U atJnrtttcmcn!

QlJeu)el

<Burlington

                Adjusted to the Second
                Adjusted to Temperature
                Adjusted to Isochronism
                Adjusted to Positions
                21 Ruby and Sapphire Jewels
                25 Year Gold Strata Case
                Your choice of Dials
                (Including Montgomery R. R. Dial}

               New Ideas in Thin Cases

°>&$roo

m TfoWn

 Only One Dollar Down, will buy this masterpiece
 of watch manufacture.The balance you are allowed
 to pay in small, easy monthly payments. A 21-Jewel
 Watch — is sold to you at a price much lower than
 that of other high-grade watches. Besides, you have
 the selection of the finest thin model designs and
 latest styles in watch cases. Write for FREE Watch
 Book and our SPECIAL OFFER today.

The Burlington '"Petite”

          This exquisite little 17'jewel ladies' WTist watch.

        A perfect timepiece. Beautiful, 14K Solid
        Green Gold^ case. Illustration is exact size of
        Burlington “Petite1”.

         Send for this wonderful little bracelet watch.

         See how beautiful the dainty green gold case
         looks on your own wrist.

Write

      While this Special Offer Lasts

 Get the Burlington Watch Book — write today. Find out about
 this great special offer which is being made for only a limited time.
 You will know a great deal more about watch buying when you
 read this book. You will be able to “steer clear” of the over-
 priced watches which are no better. Write for Watch Book and
 our special offer TODAY 1

»»iiiiinii»nminHuimm«iuinumlm,mminimll,ilnn,1niMiiiiwiuMH—1|

I Burlington Watch Company

Dept. 1458. 19th St. & Marshall Blvd., Chicago	;

         Canadian Address 62 Albert St., Winnipeg, Manitoba	=

 ; Please send me (without obligations and prepaid) your free	jj
 • book on watches with full explanation of your $1.00 down |

| offer on the Burlington Watch,	5

 Name

 Address

fa desirable thQt yoti mention this tncoosinc
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—advertising section.

SAY “BAYER” when you buy. Insistl

Unless you see the “Bayer Cross” on tablets, you are
not getting the genuine Bayer product prescribed by
physicians over 23 years and proved safe by millions for

Colds

Toothache

Neuritis

Neuralgia

Headache
Rheumatism
Lumbago
Pain, Pain

Accept only “Bayer” package which contains proper directions.

Handy “Bayer” boxes of 12 tablets—Also bottles of 24 and 100—Druggist*.

Aspirin la the trade mark of Bajer Manufacture of Monoacetlcacldestcr of SaUcjUcacld

A Bride from the Sea

 A complete novelette, by Capt. A. E. Dingle.

Ten complete short stories and a variety of verse ~
also installments of five serials in

J5he NOVEMBER MUNSEY

On sale now at all news-stands -at 25c. a copy.

RANTED! Get *1600 to *2300 aVear

U. 5, RAILV/A i

MAIL

MEN-BOYS OVER 16 SHOULD
   MAIL COUPON IMMEDIATELY

. wwiini

STEADY WORK NO LAYOFFS PAID VACATIONS /,

/ Franklin Institute, D«pt. K-270, Rochester,N.Y.

                                                                            /Sirs: Rend me. without ctaarjre. (1) sample Kailway Mail Clerk
Examination questions; (2) schedules showing l>laee» of
f coming: I.'. S. Government examinations; (3) lint of raHnyuo?-
ernment jobH obtainable.

Common Education Sufficient	ritn_

Send Coupon Today—SURE

                                                         Name.

 Address.

 In answering any advertisement on this page it ts desirable that you mention this magazine.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

   SET IN PLATINUM-MOST SENSA-
   TIONAL RING OFFER EVER MADE

     Think of It—seven brilliant steel blue genuine
     diamonds massed by a secret process in a setting
     of solid platinum set so closely together that
     only close inspection will distinguish it from a
     solitaire valued at $750.00. Shank of ring is
     14kt. solid gold.

        TEN DAYS' FREE TRIAL

 You take no chance—if it is not satisfactory at
 the end of ten days or if you can duplicate this
 ^ genuine diamond ring in any jewelry store for
 less than $65.CO, your deposit will be refunded
 v - to you.

      FREE“ROYALTON”PEARLS

       We are giving an 18-inch strand of genuine
       Royalton pearls fitted with a solid gold clasp
       ABSOLUTELY” FREE just to get you started
       as a customer. Retail jewelers charge $15.00
       for a similar grade. The quantity is limited,
       so be sure to send your order today.

      SEND OM.Y *2.00 A NHRI NG A N I> PEARL
        GO TO \Ol IN A HANDSOME GIFT BOX,
        CHARGES PAID. A WRITTEN GUAR-
        ANTEE BOND AS TO QUALITY AND
        VALUE ACCOMPANIES EACH RING.
        AFTER 10 DAY TRIAL. PAY 1IAL
        A N C E * -4 . tt 5 A M O NT1I F OR 1 O
        MONTHS. PRICE ONLY *48.50.

FREE BOOK OF GEMS

 Most complete jewelry catalog ever
 \ issued of diamonds, watches and
 jewelry—newest designs at lowest
 prices. 10 months to pay on
 everything from our two mil- >
 lion dollar stock.	(

Address Dept. 666.
Established 1895

PEARLS

 MAKE MONEY
 SAT HOME *

£

  Y'OU can earn from $1 to $2 an hour in your spare lime writing
  show cards. Quickly and easily learned by our new. simple
  "Irutructograph'* method. No canvassing or soliciting ; we teach
  ovi how, guarantee you steady work at home no matter where you
  ivc, and pay you cash each week.

Full particulars and Booklet Free.

          AMERICAN SHOW CARD SCHOOL
 102 Ryrie Building	Toronto, Can

Reduce Her Fat

   She did not have to go to the trouble
 of diet or exercise. She found a better
 way, which aids the digestive organs to
 turn food into muscle, bone and sinew
 instead of fat.

   She used Marmola Prescription Tablets,
 which are made from the famous Marmola
 prescription. They aid the digestive sys-
 tem to obtain the full nutriment of food.
 They will allow you to eat many kinds of
 food without the necessity of dieting or
 exercising.

   Thousands have found that Marmola
 Prescription Tablets give complete relief
 from obesity. And when the accumula-
 tion of fat is checked, reduction to normal,
 healthy weight soon follows.

   All good drug stores the world over sell
 Marmola Prescription Tablets at one dollar
 a box. Ask your druggist for them, or
 order direct and they will be sent in plain
 wrapper, postpaid.

MARMOLA COMPANY

 250 Garfield Bldg.,	Detroit, Mich.

DHVAT DIAMOND

Kv Ii\L It WATCH CO.

353739Miiden Lane SewYork

In answering any advertisement on this page ft desirable that you mention this magazine.
TIRES

 FOR

TUBE WITH
' EACH TIRE

Fashion-.,
able
Panel
Model

The Rage
This Season

 STATE SIZE.

 Money Back
 Guaranteed

 Serge Dress at o

 man on arrival. 1

WOOL

Embroidered

SERGE

PRESSES

$079

You won t fully ap-

                     preciate this marvel-
                     ous bargain Until yoo
                     see it—that’s whywe
                     send it to you no
                     money down. Don’t
                     miaa this great offer
                     —a chance to get a
                     real $8.00 dress at an
                     immensesaving. Our
                     own special model,
                     copied from the fin-
                     est dresses brought
                     out in tbeBtylecen-
                     ters this season.
                     Becoming to wo-
                     men of every age,
                     it is the rage of
                     the year.

           Send No
           Money

Fine quality Lona-

                     wear Blue Serge. Cat
              with the fashionable
              tunic effect skirt as
              shown. Beautiful
              chain stitch wool em-
              broidery .—won't poll
              out or run. French
              knot medallions. Si*
              silk crochet rear
              phap« tassel« on psn-
              el points. Tuxedo
              roll collar ending In
              reveres The new-
              est loose hanging
              wide flare sleeves.
              Allaroundbelt. Skirt
              in th<* new stylish long
              length. You may be
              • proud to wear • this
              stunning dreaa in any
              company. 0r4er Quick. Only
              limited offering. Send coupon,
              card or letter—no money. Pay
              postman $8.79 and postage o*»
              arrival sa good faith deposit. If
              not delighted after try on. your
              money back without question
              Sires: Mianes. 14, 16 and 16;
              Women’s, 32 to 46 bust.

REMINGTON

Mail Order House

k	Dept. 066lT

6646 S Hatsted. CMcagO

               — Send Wool Embroidered
▼ Parisian Special Blue
nee. Win deposit $3.79 and postage with post-
get my money back if 1 want it.

Name......

Address.
CJty.~

. Sixe-..

aensauonai tui ni ounudiu lire rnces*

  Two tires for less than the usual cost of one, and a
  free Inner tube with each tire! No dctible treads or

  sewed tires. Our big volume means best tire values'
  Act now and cut your tire cost in two. Thousands of
  steady customers aro getting full mileage out of these

STSS’St 12,000 MILES

KoteSpecial Price onTwo Tires, Same She

- —.	lTIrs

 SUe

 28x3

  30	x 3
  30x3*4

 32	x3H

  31	x 4
  32x4

  33	x 4

State whether stra ght side Sr clincher

SEND NO MONEY! SSHaEftfcOTMi sn

  not fully aatlflflod return Name at our expense nnd your money
  will be promptly refunded. DON'T DELAY! ORDER N0W1

   1 Tire

   9 6.76

   6.96

   7.96
   9.25

   10.45

   11.86

   12.85

   2 Tires
   9 9-95

  10.95

  12.95

  14.95

  16.75
  17.85

  18.75

 Sue

 2 Tires

 34x4

 B1SJI

 919.70

 32x4

 L&9G

 20.95

 33 x 4

 IS.4B

 21.65

 34 x 4

 13.96

 22.35

 35x4

 23.95

 35x5

 28.15

 37 x 5

 26.50

ALBANY T|RC* RUBBER COMPANY

A-Tlla ^

 1506 S. Michigan Av» Dept.

 Chicago. Itllnola

Cuticura Soap

■IS IDEAL-

For the Hands

 Soap,Ointnvent.Talcum.26o.everywhere. FW samples
 address: Cuticura Laboratories. Dopt D, Malde d.Wajh

farn money

 ^ AT HOME

 YOU can make $15 to $60 weekly in your spare time
 ^writing show cards. No canvassing or soliciting.
 We instruct you by our new simple Directograph sys-
 tem, pay you cash each week ana guarantee you steady
 work. Write for full particulars and free booklet.

    WEST-ANGUS SHOW CARD SERVICE
 72 Col borne Building	Toronto. ClfL

AY/HEN you start a serial in the Argosy-Allstory you only
W wait a week to go on with it. Start one this week, and
you'll buy every number until it s concluded. 1 en cents a copy,
all news-stands.

 In antwering any advertitcrncnt on thi, page it in desirable that s/ou mention thit mapa:ine.

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Only $2.00 Puts This Handsome
Watch into Your Pocket

    Seize this chance—get a Watch that you can rely upon every second of the dav
    Make sure that YOUR TIME IS ALWAYS EXACT. New thin model. i2-ai/.e
    Elgin, in handsome, gold-filled case, guaranteed for 20 years. Watch guaranteed
    against repairs for one year. Splendid Xmas Gift.

Knife and Chain FREE

    Send only $2.00. With the famous Elgin, we will send absolutely FREE a hand-
    some, gold-filled knife and chain. Then send $1.30 EACH MONTH until the
    total of $14.98 has been paid. Transactions strictly confidentiaL FREE de Luxe
    Catalog—send for itl Amazing values in Watches, Diamonds and Jewelr>—
    Xmas gifts you will be proud to give. Address Dept. 1502-S.

CAPITAL. $ 1,000,000

L. W. SWEET, Inc., 1650-1660 Broadway, New York
Would The Law
Let YOU Marry ?

                  Many stales have passed stringent eugenic
                  laws’ requiring physical examination of
                  both parlies l>efore a marriage license can
                  l>e issued. Those who are not physically
                  fit will be forbidden to uiarry. Where do
                  you stand? Can you meet the require-
                  ments of this law? Are you a clean-blooded,
                  henlttiy. vigorous specimen of vital man-
                  hood? Or are you a defective, torn and
                  wracked? Will you be forbidden to marry
                  the sweetest purest ulrl in the whole world
                  ami I* doomed to the misery of a lifetime
                  of regrets and longing? It looks hopeless
                  to you—but cheer up—I can help you.

                STRONGFORTI5M The Modern Science of
                Health Promotion will aid Nature 10 restore your
                Fiagcinc Powera and Manhood and FH you for
                Marriage and Parenthood. I guarantee It.

                  Mark the ailments on the consultation cou-
                  pon on which you want gptaal confidential
                  information an<l send with 10c to help pay
                  postage on mv free book. “Promotion and
                  Conaervatlo*' of Health. Strength and Mental
                  Energy." Its a man builder aud a life saver
                  Send for it Right Now.

Lionel Strongfort

                  Physical and Health Sttcialilt
           1000	Newark, New Jersey

  STRONGFORT
  The Pertact Man

    Dept.

  FREE CONSULTATION COUPON

     Mr Lionel Strongfort. Dept. 1000. Newark. N J -Please send
     m VOW book. PROMOTION AND CONSERVATION OK
     HEALTH. STRENGTH AND MENTAL ENERGY for postage
     on which 1 enclose a 10c piece ‘one dime) 1 have marked IX)
     before the subject In which I am intereated.

  ... Cold*

 ____Catarrh

 ____Asthma

  ... Hay Fever
  ... Obesity
  ... He.xii.iche
  ... Thinness
  .... Rupture
  .... Lumbago
  ....Neuritis

 ____Neuralgia

  ... Flat Che*t

 ____Deformity

  (Describe)
  ....Successful
  Marriage

____Impotency	... .Prostatitis

.... Diabetes	.... Poor Memory

....Increased Height----Rheumatism

....Pimples	'*.*'■■ u“*“
____Blackhead!

____Insomnia

....Short Wind
... Flat Feet
... .Stomach

     Disorders
... .Conitipation
... .Biliousness
... .Torpid Liver

____Indigestion

.... Nervousness
... .Neurasthenia

  ... .Falling Hair
  ..Weak Eyes

      Gastritis

 ____Heart Weakness

  ... .Poor Circulation
  ... .Skin Disorders
  .... Despondency
  ....Pound Shoulders
  ... .Lung Troubles

 ____Stoop Shoulders

  ... .Muscular

  Development
  ....Great Strength

 Name............................

  .....................Occupation..

 Street.

 City...

.State..

BIG GUN SALE

Famous Ortgies $ 1 A95
Auto. Pistol \ JLv/=

Won7« of European Prize* during
mi SS oal }10.*S. S2 c*l. *IL9S; -3S)
c*L SU.ii. Kl. Ulg $1.00

“Stock”

Auto Pistol

 Latest model H cat. German pis-
 tol. 4 In. barrel blucstecl. 8 shots,
 perf*-ct In operation. R»*jfular val-
 ue 126.00.ourpriceonly *1 4.50.

 Lugsr Auto Pl»tol-30 cal. 3'* In. bbl. with extra majf.......... $24.95

 Mauier Auto Platol t5 cal. 10 shots....................... # j 3.98

Free Catalog whoSmWRUm

 TM* C»ul.< fthw>lutolf	complete line of Flatoli. Rifle., Hl*h-mdr

 Ammumtioe Kep«vr Part*. ih« savins* at wholesale prices. WRITE TODAY !

 Send No Monev! unl*.M wi*h .,?#r o®«*”»an °°,r Tfo* p'w* * i«»

 Jcnu »»»o»»«y* r»nt« p»«ta*« All tnerrhan.h.* NEW and GENU
 INS. SatufacOon ruarantevd or money refunded ORDER TOO AY.

LUGER SALES COMPANY

82S George St.	Dept 211	Chicago, III.

The Orient

   via Honolulu

    IF you are going to The Orient—if you are
    determined to escape the bitter blasts of
    ■winter in the gay, exotic sunshine of the Far
    East—travel over the Pacific Mail Steamship
    Company’s “Sunshine Belt to The Orient.”
    Winding a lazy way from San Francisco, this
    pleasant route over blue Pacific waters runs
    by Hawaii, Paradise of the Pacific, to Yoko-
    hama, Kobe, Shanghai, Manila and Hong
    Kong. A day’s stop is made at Honolulu.
    Stopovers in any Eastern port may be
    arranged.

      The ships operated by “Pacific Mail” are
    new, American-built oil-bumers, of 21,167
    displacement tons, owned by the United
    States Government. They are of the lux-
    uriously-equipped “535” type—now famous
    all over the seven seas for speed and service.
    Write today for full information. Learn how
    you can find rest and utter enjoyment over
    a route that affords the best possible escape
    from winter, the best possible preparation
    for the charm and fascination of The Orient.

  To Honolulu, Yokohama, Kobe,
  Shanghai, Hong Kong and Manila

 President Lincoln .
 President Pierce .
 President Cleveland

 Nov. 30
 Dec. 14
 Dec. 28

 Every 14 days thereafter.

INFORMATION BLANK
To LI S Shipping Board
Information Div P M2278Wash.,D.C*

         rlease send without obligation the Infor-
         mation regarding U S Government ships.
         1 am considering a trip to The Orieot^j^to
         EuropcG^to South AmcricaQ.

         Nai

         AddrtH

-v-

 For Information in rrzard to sai Itngi and actemmedations addrtst

Pacific Mail Steamship Company

 508 California St. 503 So, Spr’ag St. 10 Hanover Sq.

 San Francisco, Cal. Los Angeles, Cal. New York City

U. S. SHIPPING BOARD

Information Division 2278 Washington, D. C.
Your Success Is Certain

In the Big-Pay Field of Today—ELECTRICITY

So rapid and tremendous has been the growth of the Electrical Industry that today

this great field is badly in need of men—even tbe soolled Electricians, the “serew-driver* kind. are mak-
ing big money, and are never out of work. But it's the trained man—“Electrical Expert"—who is cashing
tbe big-pay check and bossing the big jobs. There's a place waiting for you in this big-pay field. You
too can qualify in a few months as an Electrical Expert, ready and able to earn Jis to $30 a day.

   “Electrical Experts” Earn $12 to $30 a Day

Be a Big-Pay Man

The "short-cut” to "Big-Pay" is
training The big field of today
for the trained man is Electricity.
Trained "Electrical Experts” can
earn $12.00 to $30.00 a day.

Be an Electrical Expert!

Why work for $25.00 or $30.00 or
$40 a week? With a few months
training under me, through my
easily-learned, quickly-grasped,
right-up-to-the-minute, spare-time.
Hcme-Study Course in Practical
Electricity you can fit yourself for
one of these bigger jobs — one of
these jobs that pay $12.00 to $30.00
a day.

I Train You at Home

As Chief Engineer of the Chicago
Engineering Works, 1 know just the
kind of training you need to succeed
as an "Electrical Export." My course
in Electricity is so aimple, thorough
and up-to-date that you can easily under-
atand and apply every line of it — no big
smrds, no tutrlem theory. no higher mat he-
matics—just plain, every-day, straight*
from-»he<houldrr. man-to man English—
tbe kind you and 1 use every day.

Your Success Guaranteed

My course is backed by an iron-clad
guarantee that insures your success and
aatulsction. 1 positively will refund every
cent paid me in tuition If you are not fully
Batnfird. No other school will do this for
you. Hock of me in my guarantee stands
the Chicago Engineering World, a Million
Dollar Institution.

Ten Things 1 Guarantee to Do for You

Vilith* Mossey Back Tmml AltantiM
  Guarantee Bond	aod Instruction

Upon Graduation

Yhnronth aad Coal

pleto Couth of
Training

Special Inetru
Pl«i txal M

Instruction in

Making Work

FREE A Complete
Electrical Wast-
ing Outfit

Imolhnrfit Fse Covers
AH OtarfM—No
“Estm"

Fr*« fend Unlimited
  EifMfl Fmplop-
  oiMt S«nk«

Unlimited C onsult*,
two Sorric* Witfc
Our Export*

 FRF.FI Subscription lo
 Monthly If Kin#

 km I

Get In yne_for_a_Big-Pay Job — START NOW!

Mail This Coupon Today

  L. L COOKE. Chief Engineer,

  Chicago Engineering Works. Dept. 17S,

         Pt S4 Lawrence Ava., C^icaro. III.

  Dear Sir:—Send at once Sample Leaaons, your Big Rook |
  and (uD particulars of your Free Outfit ana Home Study .
  Course—all fully prepaid, without obligation on my part. |

Nam*--mmm ---------------------------- |

 Now is the time to start By enrolling now, you can
 I save $45.50 on the already low price of my course
 in Electricity. But you must act at once. Write tin-
 | medtate'yformy Big FREE Book. “How to Become an Elec-
 trical Expert” Write today—It's the first step towards bigger
 pay. Yours for success.

L.L.Cookb.Chief Engineer.

  Chicago Engineering Works

 Addrrst---

 (122)

 ^) a

 — I Dept, 178, 2154 Lawrence Ave*, Chicago, III

 THE COOKE TRAINED MAN IS THE “BIG-PAY MAN'

me

 rftlm, KKW TOR*