APRIL

  •^^Ssjentifiction

Hyatt Verritl^Ja^k Williamson
Isaac R. Nathanstnw - i
April, 1930

AMAZING STORIES

1

 wsion | am doubling and tripling the
 eve™ 1 salaries of many
 s*om in one year and
 less Find out

this quick way to	W

       PAT

Needs

 Trainecl j-JTd'! fl H!«l HIJJI .UIM XWl. >1
 fc, Men .o^SB i	•rjlVilInn/ivl

J. E. SMITH, President,

    National Radio Institute, Dept. 0D8 ~
       Washington, D. C.

Dear Mr. Smith: Send me your book. This
request does not obligate me.

Name ......................................

I will train you
at home

M«o a week

   •'My earnings in Radio
are many times greater
than I ever expected they
would be when I enrolled.
They seldom fall under
$100 a week. If your
course cost four or five
times more I would still
consider it a good invest-
ment."

E. E. W INBORNE
1414 W. 48 th St.,
Norfolk, Va.

to fill a

PAY
Radio Job.

If yon are earning a penny less than $50 a week, send
for my book of information on the opportunities In Radio.
It is free. Clip the coupon NOW. Why b« satisfied with $25.
$30 or $10 a week for longer than the short time it takes to
get ready for Radio.

Radio’s growth opening hundreds of $50, $75,
                               $IOO a week Jobe every year

In about ten years Radio has grown from a $2,000,008 to
a 11,000,000,000 Industry. Over 300,000 jobs have been cre-
ated. Hundreds more are being opened every year by its
eontinued growth. Men and young men with the right train-
ing—the kind of training I give you—are needed continually.

Yon have many Jobs to choose from

   Broadcasting stations use engineers, operators, station
managers and pay $1,800 to $5,000 a year. Manufacturers
continually need testers, inspectors, foremen, engineers, service
men, buyers, for jobs paying up to $15,000 a year. Shipping
companies use hundreds of Radio operators, give them world
wide travel at practically no expense and a salary of $85
to $200 a month. Dealers and jobbers employ service men,
salesmen, buyers, managers, and pay $30 to $100 a week.

  of RADIO PARTS for a home
 Experimental Laboratory

You can build over 100 cir-
cuits with these outfits. You
build and experiment with
the circuits used in Crosley,

Atwater - Kent, Eveready,

Majestic, Zenith, and other
popular sets. You learn how
these sets work, why they
work, how to make them
work. This makes learning
at home easy, fascinating,
practical.

Sack view of 5 tube
Screen Grid A. C. tuned
Radio frequency set-
only one of many cir-
cuits you can build
with my outfits.

There are many other opportunities too.
about them.

My book tells you

80 many opportunities many N. R. I. men make
$5 to $25 a week while learning

Jumped from $3$ to
•100 a week

  "Before I entered Radio
I was making $35 a week.
Last week I earned $110
servicing and s e 11 in g
Radios. I owe my success
to N. R. I. Yon started
me off on the right foot.”
J. A. VAUGHN
8715 S. Klngshlghway,
St. Louis, Mo.

•sea extra In t months

  •'In looking over my
records I find I made $500
from January to May in
my spare time. My best
week brought me $107. _■
1 have only one regret I
regarding your course
-—I should have taken
it Jong ago."

  HOYT MOORE
  R. R. 3, Box 919,
  Indianapolis, Ind.

jobs, common In most every neighborhood, for spare time
money. Throughout your course I send you information on
servicing popular makes of sets; I give you the plans and
ideas that are making $200 to $1,000 for hundreds of N. R. I.
students in their spare time while studying.

Talking Movies, Television, Wired Radio included

    Radio principles as used in Talking Movies, Television
and home Television experiments. Wired Radio, Radio's use
in Aviation, are all given. I am so sure that I can train you
satisfactorily that I will agree In writing to refund every
penny of your tuition if you are not satisfied with my Lessons
and Instruction Service upon completing.

       64-page book of Information FREE

     Get your copy today. It tells you where Radio's
feood jobs are, what they pay, tells you about my
course, what others who have taken it aro doing
and making. Find out what Radio offers you, with-
out the slightest obligation. ACT NOW.

       J. E. SMITH, President
   National Radio Institute Dept. OD8

          Washington, 0. C. 0ur0woB<raie

                              Pioneer and World's
• ■ —	r-r 7~7 - ■ w Largest Home-Study Ra-

                                    , dlo training organization
                                    ' devoted entirely to train-
                                    ing men and young men
                                    for good jobs in the Radio
                                    industry. Our growth has
                                    ’ paralleled Radio's growth.
                                    We occupy three hundred
                                    times as much floor space
                                    now as we did when or-
                                    ganized in 1914.
 April, 1930
 Vol. 5, No. 1

Experimenter Publications, Ine.

 B. A. Mackinpon, Pres.	H. K. Fly, Vic* Pre*. aJ Trew.

In Our Next Issue:

THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS, by Edmond
Hamilton. (A serial in 3 parts) Part I. We are in-
clined to take everything for granted—particularly
the courses of Nature. There is, after all, no abso-
lute assurance that the sun, for instance, should
continue indefinitely to turn at its present speed.
What would be the final result of the centrifugal
force if the sun started to turn more and more
rapidly? What would happen to the planets
which rotate around this great luminary? Mr.
Hamilton needs no introduction, but we do want
to say that this surpasses the best interplanetary
story by him that we have yet published. Read
the first instalment in the May issue.

MADNESS OF THE DUST, by R. F. Starzl. Al-
though this story was written some time ago, an
extract taken from “The New York Times” of
December 21, 1929, gives almost word for word a
similar description of an operation performed by a
ship’s Captain, following radio instructions from a
physician. How then, can we say anything is im-
possible? But this is only an incident in an un-
usual story, excellently told, and which contains
a good bit of science.

THE IVY WAR, by David H. Keller, M.D. Here
is a new story by Dr. Keller, based on the always
interesting subject of botany, dealing with a sub-
ject that is little known as yet. The “Ivy War”
goes on in the good old Keller manner, which
some of our readers seemed to have missed re-
cently. It is absorbingly interesting and plausible,
withal.

SYNTHETIC, by Charles Cloukey. By this time,
Mr. Cloukey has become a familiar and well-liked
author in Amazing Stories. In this story, he
offers us an exceedingly clever, swift-moving avi-
ation exploit of the future that shows good imagin-
ation and excellent knowledge of his subject.
(Crowded out of the last issue.)

THE NON-GRAVITATIONAL VORTEX, by A.

Hyatt Verrill. Here is another of Mr. Vernll’s ex-
traordinary scientific tales, based on the local
annihilation of gravitation.

In Our April Issue:

The Metal Horde

By John IV. Campbell, Jr................... 6

Illustrated by DePatm

Remote Control

By Walter Kateley........................ 22

Illustrated by Wtiio

The Feathered Detective

By A. Hyatt Verrill....................... 31

Illustrated by Morey

The Conquest of the Earth

By Isaac R. Nathanson..................... 42

Illustrated by Morey

Rhythm

By Charles Cloukey........................ 55

Illustrated by Morey

The Green Girl

(A serial in 2 parts) Part II

By Jack Williamson.......................... 60

Illustrated by Wesso

What Do You Know?

(Science Questionnaire).................... 80

Discussions...........................82

In the Realm of Books

(Mostly Scientific Fiction).................84

Our Cover

this issue dcpicts a scene from the story entitled, “The Con-
quest of the Earth," by Isaac R. Nathanson, in which the
representative of the strange intelligent beings from the nebula
of Andromeda is pointing out to the unsuspecting earth people,
on a screened easel-like stand, on which it has a picture of the
nebula, just where they come from.

AMAZING STORIES MONTHLY. Published at 184-10 Jamaica Avenue. Jamaica N. Y. Entered as second-class
m.twr at Jamaica. N. Y.. under the act ot March 3. 18T9. Title Registered U. 8. Patent Office ConyriBht. 1930.
by E. P. Inc.. N. Y. European Agents, 8. J. Wise ot Cio.. 40 Place \erte, Antwerp. Belgium. Printed in U. S. A.
Subscription prlco Is J2.50 a year in U. S. anil Possessions; $3.00 a year in Canada and l'mign Countries; single
copies. 25 cents oach. Editorial and Executive Offices. 3S1 fourth Avenue, New lork. Is. Y. Publishers ara not
responsible for mss. lo3t, although every care is taken for their safety.

2
April, 1930

AMAZING STORIES

3

to get into ELECTRICITY

           Don’t spend your life waiting for $5 raises in a dull, hopeless job. Now... and
           forever .. . say good-bye to 25 and 35 dollars a week. Let me show you how
           to qualify for jobs leading to salaries of $50, $60 and up, a week, in Electricity
           —NOT by correspondence, but by an amazing way to teach, RIGHT HERE
           IN THE_GREAT COYNE SHOPS. You become a practical expert in 90 days!

           Getting into Electricity is far easier than you imagine!

Learn Without Lessons >■> 90 DAYS

By Actual Work-in the Great Shops of Coyne

Lack of experience—age, or ad- . juPTTi? x real batteries . . . winding real employment bureau gives you a lifetime

vanced education bars no one.	iSSi' " , K armatures, operating real mo- service. Two weeks after graduation,

I don t care if you don’t know	tors, dynamos and generators,	Clyde F. Hart got a position as electrician

an armature from an air	1 hi A, wiring houses, etc., etc.	for the Great Western Railroad at over $10*

I don t expect you ,	0 i That’s a glimpse of how	a week. That’s not unusual. We can point

to! 1 don t care if you re	'- J'V&s&il wemakeyou a master prac-	to Coyne men making up to $600 a month.

16 years old or 48—-it makes * v	tical electrician in 90 days,	$60 a week is only the beginning- of your op-

nodifferencelDon tletlack	* teachingyoufar more than	portunity. You can go Into radio, battery,

of money stojpyou. Mostof \	A the average ordinary elec-	or automotive electrical business for your-

the men at Coyne have no	trician ever knows and fit-	self and make up to $16,000 a year,

more money than you have.	v . ting you to step into jobs	jnvnrfft

Railroad Fare	leading to big pay immedi- AtlJei

Allowed	I’rUke“S H irl in this ^Id-femo^	^eis joiar one great ch^ce togetinto

T m;il ,	Hereare a few of hundreds of	Parent 8chool— and no-	Tufa " u^l O 5’ ®°'

1 will allow your railroad	position, open to Coyne-trained	where else in the wnrlrl__Ihis school is 30 years old—Coyne train*

fare to Chicago, and if you	can ™ * |tt thiatrSningl	ingistested-proven beyond alldoubt-en-

Bhouldneedpart-timework	pioyment-eervice. . °	dorsed by many large electrical concerns,

ril assist you to it. Then,	8 Wk'	JODS'PaV'FUtUrC	You can find out everything absolutely

m 12 brief weeks, m the	. _ wo a week nnd op	z. , . . ,	free. Simply mail the coupon and let me

great roaring shops of	slwUn*,S iSnSSSiL3??!	send y°u biS- free Co^e book °f 180

Coyne, I tram you as you	M*tat®D“c*,fr,nS'SIS » ft;™ is£, A”	photographs... facts... jobs... salaries

never dreamed you could	service station Owner	job question for life. De-	...opportunities. Tells you how

hfl trainpH nn a irloonKn up to J200 a Week mana IOr (Joyne men Often many earn expenses while traln-
. . K‘ganuc Radio Expert op to 1100 a Week exceeds the BUnnlv Onr ing and how we assist our grad-
outlay of electrical appa- -------------------I exceeoa we euppiy. uur Uates in the field. This does not

ratus . . . costing hundreds	obligate you. So act at once.

of thousands of dollars ... real NowlttOur	Just mail coupon.	'

gSTM!Home JilfSM Get This Biff/

belis^to "farm power ^and lighting ^erein'Slnswled 1	J FREE Boofi ^ ^ 2

everyUdayT "‘m U °Peratl0n	flttM	F “ ”cTe“iT

modem Electrical L S'Vi •	| COYNE ELECTRICAL SCHOOL, Dept.40-27

NoBooKS*NoPrmteaLessons ga°igm.eiiioi?1.|y^ j	I *«<> s. p^ima st., Chicago, m.

No books, no baffling charts ... all coowralMico hae been t ’	I Dear Mr. Lewis:

real actual work nVtit herp m arranged to make you >88.,? • *** Withoutobligationsend meyour big free catalog and

                                                     H. t	R Bll details of Railroad Fare to Chicago. Free Employ-
the great Coyne school . . . building during your training.	I	ment Service. Radio, Aviation Elcctxlcity, and Auto-
___ _____■	motive Courses, and how I can "earn while learning."

f^HYNTlT electrical school

       JL Jb™ Mid H. C. LEWIS, Pres. Established 1899 [ Addreu..............................................

500 S. Paulina Street - Dept. 40-27 • Chicago, Illinois 1 c«v.........................stau...............
AMAZING STORIES

April, 1930

WARNING

AMAZING STORIES

Subscription

ooiMfi

LAST CHAIVCE

       to subscribe—or have your present subscription continued
       Srom expiration—at these Special “LAST CHANCE” low rates!

One Full Year—Only $2.00 You Save	$1.00

Two Full Years—Only 3.00 You Save	3.00

            Three Full Years—Only 4*00 You Save	5.00
                  Offer Open Only Until April 10th

 Savings figured on newsstand prices

THE subscription pricc of AMAZING STORIES will
be increased to S3.00 a year, effective with the
May issue!

It would be decidedly unfair to put this increase in
effect without giving all our old friends an oppor-
tunity to protect themselves for 1, 2, or 3 Years ahead
at the old low rate!

We are doing even more! For just one month (until
April 10th only) we are allowing all present sub-
scribers and newsstand readers to order subscriptions
to AMAZING STORIES at these extraordinary “LAST
CHANCE” rates which have been reduced for this
special occasion even lower than the old rates!

Here’s your “LAST CHANCE” to save from $1.00 to
as high as S5.00 on the greatest magazine buy in the
Scienti.fiction field! And we make this unprecedented
saving possible just at the time when the editors are
contracting for the most miraculous Stories and Com-
plete Book-Length Novels that have ever astounded
the reading and scientific world!

 Contents of
 Each Issue
 More Than
 Equivalent
 to a
 $2.00
 Book!

Interplanetary wars fought thousands of leagues out
in space. Weird romances of ancient forgotten civi-
lizations. Miracles of chemistry, electrons, calories
and atoms. Our amazing world 1,000 years in the
future as Jules Verne would see the vision today!
Stories that will hold you in breathless suspense from
the first word to the last! Stories marvelously educa-
tional because they’re crowded with scientific facts!

Each issue is more than equivalent to a big library-size
book! Each issue takes you on a dozen journeys
of adventure and romance into the glamorous un-
known!

BUT—to get the great AMAZING STORIES at such
tremendous savings, you must act immediately.

“Last Chance,,.Em£s April 10.

.mm-mmmm Mail Coupon NOW! --------I

  AMAZING STORIES, Dept. 2104,
  Mackinnon-Fly Publications, Inc.,

  381 Fourth Avenue, New York, N. Y.

   Gentlemen: YES, please enter ray subscription to AMAZ-
   ING STORIES at the extraordinary reduced “LAST
   CHANCE” price for the number of years checked below.
   Remittance is enclosed.

   □ One Year at $2 QTwo Years at $3 QThree Years at $4

  Name

   Address

City and State......................................

Present subscribers may have their subscriptions
continued from expiration.
                           T. O’CONOR SLOANE, Ph.D., Editor
MIRIAM BOURNE, Managing Editor
WILBUR C. WHITEHEAD, Literary Editor	C. A. BRANDT, Literary Editor

  Editorial and General Offices: 381 Fourth Avenue, New York, N. Y.

Extravagant Fiction Today.........Cold Fact Tomorrow

Natural Sources of Power

                      By T. O’Conor Sloane, Ph. D.

THE great watershed, which supplies the lake region of
America, beginning with Lake Ontario and extending
to the west end of Lake Superior, represents, if we take
it in one unit, one of the biggest in land or seas of all
the world. All the water from this great watershed,
which reaches the eastern end of Lake Erie, falls in one mighty
cataract over Niagara Falls. There is an enormous evaporation
from these lakes, but a very large fraction of the water which
falls into them goes in one concentrated mass—or let us say, two
concentrated masses—over the precipice of Niagara, the Canadian
Falls and the American Falls, separated by Goat Island. To the
engineer it represents nothing more nor less than a wonderful
source of water power. To him its scenic value means nothing.
He is apt to forget that this very scenic value has brought
millions of dollars from visitors to the region in the past century
—for tourists and the proverbial wedding couples have visited
Niagara in enormous numbers. But the engineer would take
away all the water, would run it through tunnels, drive turbines
with it and use it for the production of power.

  Many years ago it was considered a crime to charge interest
for money. It was called usury. The idea, of course, was that
money did not suffer in use. If you loaned a man 100 shillings,
for instance, when it was returned, you got 100 shillings back,
none the worse for wear. But now money has a definite value
for its use. Money now makes money, and the money which
does your earning is given the name of capital. And this capital
plays a very curious part in evaluating natural sources of power,
wind, or water; yet it may be made the servant of man. For the
production of the same amount of power, a hydro plant may cost
a great deal more than a steam plant would cost for the devel-
opment of the same quantity of power units. The water-power
plant, it may be said, uses up nothing, because the water is sup-
plied from natural sources. It is drawn up by the heat of the
sun, precipitated in regions distant from the water-power station,
pours down over the watersheds, through all the streams and
rivers, and reaches at last the desired place and there develops
power, we may say, for nothing—at least, for nothing as far as
the consumption of the water is concerned. But there is a very
heavy cost in interest on the capital that would have to be
invested in the plant.

  In very many places—perhaps in the majority of cases—a steam
jilant, although it uses up coal and demands constant labor to
care for the machinery to do the firing under the boilers—all
more pro rata than is required in a hydro plant—yet it saves on
tiie interest of the money invested, because this money is much
less than the cost of the corresponding water plant. This is not
universal, but it occurs frequently enough to make it a recognized
fact that steam power driven by coal, mined and dragged up
from the bowels of the earth, fired by hand or by automatic

stokers, is really cheaper than where nature hands us over all the
power we want in the shape of flowing water, such as we see at
Niagara Falls, or in nearly as impressive a way in the rapids of
the St. Lawrence River.

  In other words, that mighty watershed could give us any
number of power stations; but the power stations would prob-
ably cost so much that steam power would be cheaper.

  Going down the St. Lawrence River from Niagara Falls to
Quebec the Great Rapids which drive down through the wide
channel with such resistless force, offer an opportunity for any
number of power stations. Thus in a sense the water from the
Great Lakes can be used over and over again. If we go to the
head of Lake Michigan at Chicago there we find some of the
water diverted from its proper course and discharged into the
head waters of the Mississippi River, running down to the Gulf
of Mexico instead of taking its proper course to the Gulf of the
St. Lawrence. Here, too, a hydraulic power station could be
placed which would give a practicable amount of power.

  We are constantly hearing of different chances for the estab-
lishment of power plants driven by water, and all sorts of claims
are made that these should not be monopolized by private com-
panies ; that they should be for the service of the people and be
tinder government ownership. Government ownership generally
turns out to be a very expensive luxury. But that, of course, is
a side issue. The fact remains that proper steam plants in many
cases are cheaper to run than are hydro plants, because of the
diminished capital required in many cases. Often to secure water
power, an enormously expensive dam must be built and that is
only the beginning of things, because the power plant itself with
turbines and electric generators in its interest on the capital costs
far more than the coal which would be consumed by a steam
plant of equal power.

  Natural sources of power of enormous amount in the aggre-
gate are being discarded, or what is not quite as bad. are not be-
ing utilized. The power of the wind which brought Columbus to
America is now being used less and less. Steamships and motor-
driven vessels are sent across the ocean and no consideration is
applied to the wind, and while there may be a gale blowing behind
them, which certainly would add to their speed, it is not thought
worth while to provide the plant in the shape of masts and sails
to utilize this power. Windmills which at one time were, rela-
tively speaking, quite numerous in Holland and in England, and
of which there are many in America, they too have been put
into the discard to a great extent. But wind and water are only
two of the natural powers which man has found it apparently ex-
pedient to neglect. Natural powers are waiting for us all over
the earth, but presumably will hardly ever be used to any extent
as long as coal and oil are as abundant as they are today.

5
The Metal Horde

By John W. Campbell, Jr.

Author of "When the Atoms Failed.”

      pp/'HAJ with calculating machines and robots and now perhaps even mechan-
      ical airplane pilots, there seems no limit to the possibilities in the realm
      of 'working machinery. We have seismographs that can locate the place of dis-
      tant earthquakes, and machines that can solve, in a comparatively short period,
      problems in the higher calculus that would otherwise take brilliant mathemati-
      cians an endless time to do. It seems to us quite logical that machines might
      some day, perhaps in the distant future, be developed to solve for our scientists
      now apparently insoluble problems. Or they might even be made to state their
      own problems and work them out—in other words, it might some day be pos-
      sible to have a machine with almost a working brain. According to our author,
      this will be possible and his final explanation of his idea is exceedingly clever and
      novel. There, is no question Mr. Campbell knows his science and he has by this
      time proved his ability to weave a great deal of sound science into an absorbing
      scientific fiction story of exceeding plausibility.

Illustrated by DE PAUW

IT would seem lack of generalship that permitted
them to be discovered so soon, for had we not
picked up those signals from the ether we should
not have received that warning that meant so
much to us, and it might well have been that this
system would have acquired a new population. For it
would have needed but little to shift the balance the
other way! Once I watched Steven Waterson save
the civilization of the Earth, but now I saw him in a
greater role, for it was he who made possible the defeat
of the Sirians. But even had his brilliant mind succeeded
in working out the problem of the de-activating field
without the precious hours gained by that warning, many
millions more would have died before they could have
escaped from Mars.

  I was in his laboratory at the time he received the
messages from the System government telling the im-
port of those strange tone-signals out there ip space. I
seem fated to be with that man every time some great
event breaks on the System. I was with him when Dr.
Downey announced his discovery of the secret of old
age—or, better, its prevention. Waterson was forty-
two now, in years, but in body he was still twenty-eight
for it was late in 1947 that he had taken Dr. Downey’s
treatment.

  Those strange tone-signals had been heard faintly for
days, but it was not until July 8th, 1961, that they were
located in space, and then man began to realize something
of the message they might bear.

  Waterson asked me to accompany him to the System
Capital on Venus, and I was present at that first Cabinet
meeting, and at each succeeding meeting. Again I was
close to the facts—and again Waterson has asked me to
write a chronicle of that terrible War.

  It was not till the signals had definitely been located as
originating far out in space that man began to take more
than a mildly curious interest in them. They were com-
ing from the Metal Horde that was even then sweeping
across space at a thousand miles a second to the planets
ahead.

  Their goal of ages was in sight. Sixteen hundred years
of ceaseless rushing flight had at last brought them near.

  When our ancestors were beginning to grumble under
their Roman lords, in the time of Horlak San, when his
mighty armies were sweeping their way across Mars
under the newly developed heat rays, spreading death
and civilization at one time, that menace started on its
expedition.

  When the Normans invaded England, when the
mighty empire that the San dynasty had maintained over
all Mars was crumbling, that journey was half done.

  When Columbus first set foot on the shores of
America, when Koral Nas formed the great union of the
federated nations of Mars, that trip was three-quarters
done.

  But it was seven-eighths completed when Mars de-
veloped the first crude atomic engines, and when Priestly
of England discovered oxygen. And during the two
<51 The great sphere arid its attendant transports sank gently to the ground and formed a
vast 'wheel, with the sphere as the hub and the transports as radiating spokes and the rim

7
8

AMAZING STORIES

centuries of flight that remained before they reached
their goal, there developed on those tiny planets the in-
struments that were to throw that mighty force down to
defeat.

  But I am to tell you of that war as I saw it; we have
till seen it—all too closely! It was really but a little more
than a month that that Menace of Metal hung over us
there on Mars, but to us it seemed years, except to the
frantically working scientists, striving desperately to
discover some weapon to defeat them. David Gale.

A TINY glistening mote in space it was, as it sped
toward the shining planet before it—the rapid
flight of the car aided by the gravity of Venus. The call
had been urgent, and the Earth had been in superior con-
junction, that meant a full twenty-hour trip, even at
1000 miles a second, but now they were approaching the
planet and the pilot was losing speed as rapidly as pos-
sible. There was a limit to what he could stand, though,
and it took him many thousands of miles to bring the ma-
chine down to a speed compatible with atmospheric con-
ditions of the planet.

  Tlie air of the planet seemed thick with traffic, mighty
half-million ton lift freighters and passenger ships set-
ting out toward Earth, smaller private machines, but
none were slower nor faster than the others, for all were
limited only by the acceleration they could stand. There
was only one speed limit, that of economical, safe oper-
ation, for with all space to move in, there was no need
of speed laws. Yet it seemed impossible to make any
more than two thousand miles an hour through this slow
moving air traffic—then there shone a little emblem on
the bow of the little iridescent metal ship, and a huge
freighter swerved respectfully aside. As by magic a
lane opened through the thick traffic as the sign of the
System President shone out.

  The little ship darted along the ground a short way,
then rose vertically, only to settle lightly on the roof of
the great System Capitol. Two men came out and
walked quickly to the elevator entrance, where three
guards, armed with disintegration ray projectors, greeted
them with a stiffly military salute. The; larger of the
men responded with a smile, and a brief salutation in the
common language of the System, for these great men
were Martians, each well over eight feet tall. They en-
tered the lift, and quickly sank down one hundred and
fifty stories to the Governmental Offices. They proceed-
ed directly to the great Cabinet chamber, down through
the long halls, lined on each side by huge murals de-
picting scenes in the history of the three planets. Then
they came to the cabinet room and entered.

  Thirty-nine men were seated there now, but as the two
entered, they rose, and waited for the President to be
seated. The forty greatest living men were in that
room that day and all worked together, for they were
scientists who had learned the value of cooperation.
There was 110 rivalry, for each was the greatest in his
own field and had no aspirations toward any other
branch of science. And none but conceded the power
of the Presidency gladly to the greatest of them, Steven
Waterson of Earth.

  ‘‘Gentlemen of the Cabinet, I am beginning to believe
it is time we had something added to the Constitution
forbidding Members of the Cabinet to rise on the entry
of the President.” Waterson deeply appreciated that
compliment, as they all knew, but he could not feel at

home in an atmosphere of diffidence. He was a scientist,
a planner, not a diplomat. “I am sorry I was forced to
make you gentlemen wait for me, but as you see,” he
continued, pointing to the great map of the System on
the ceiling of the Cabinet chamber, where the slow mo-
tion of the planets in their orbits was being accurately
traced, “Earth is in superior conjunction at present, and
I could not make better time.

  “I see from this memorandum that has been prepared
for me that Mansol Korac, Martian Astro-physicist, is
to be our first speaker. I take it you have had no offi-
cial discussion as yet?”

  He was correct in this assumption for the men had
convened shortly before at his radio announcement that
he would land within an hour,

  Some years before there had been some agitation to
have the Cabinet meetings carried on by Radio-vision
plates, but the low speed of light had made the speeches
a terrible failure, as they would frequently have to wait
ten or even fifteen minutes while the radio messages
were reaching them. Over short distances that method
was practicable, but between planets light is too slow,
it cannot be used.

  “Some time ago our radio engineers developed a new
instrument for detecting exceptionally short waves. They
really came under the category of the longer heat radi-
ations, but were detected electrically. While experi-
menting with this device they have been consistently
picking' up signals apparently originating in free space.
At first these signals were exceedingly weak, but their
intensity has grown uniformly and rapidly, and from
the results some amazing conclusions have been drawn.

  “They are originating at some source or sources out
in space in the direction of the sun Sirius. I was asked
to help the radiation engineers under Horus Mai in the
calculation of the Astro-physical aspect of the problem.
I believe that there are some man-made vehicles out
there in space sending those signals. No man of the
System has ever had reason to venture beyond the orbit
of Neptune for any great distance; there would be no
reason for it, as none of the outer planets are habitable.
The rate of increase of the signal strength, coupled with
observations made from Earth, Mars and Venus, have
made it evident that they are at present about one and
a quarter billion miles away, but approaching us at the
rate of 1000 miles a second. This means that in ap-
proximately two weeks they will reach our planets.

“AS to their point of origin we can only make guesses
-tY really. They are coming toward us with Sirius—
and thousands of other stars—at their back. Of all.
Sirius is the nearest, being approximately nine light
years away. This means that they must have spent at
least 1600 years on that trip across space. Dr. James
Downey of Earth has recently shown us how to lengthen
life almost indefinitely, so the problem of old age need
not be considered. A supply of air and water would, of
course, be no great problem with the Waterson apparatus
for electrolyzing CO back to carbon and oxygen, using
atomic energy fuel. Water, of course, is merely trans^
muted and recombined and thus automatically purified
for use. A sufficient reserve of very dense materials
could easily be carried that would make up for any losses
by transmutation to the necessary gases. As yet we
have not been able to make foods from energy, carbon,
and oxygen and hydrogen, but I believe you, Dr. Lange,
THE METAL HORDE

9

have made very considerable progress along that line,
have you not?”

  “I intended announcing at this meeting,” said Dr.
Lange, “the development of a commercial method of
manufacturing any one of the sugars and several pro-
teins directly from rock or water, by a transmutation
and building-up process. The method has been de-
veloped.”

  “Then,” continued the Martian, "there would be no
need of carrying any great amount of food. That
problem is settled.

   "As there would be no resistance encountered in space,
once the machine had been accelerated to its definite
speed of 1000 miles per second, on leaving Sirius it
would be able to make the trip across space with no ex-
penditure of energy, until it reached its goal and slowed
down to the speed of a planet. Hence no great amount
of matter-fuel would be needed to drive the machine.

  "But the problem of heating seems to me to be in-
soluble. Interplanetary space we have the radiations
of the sun to depend upon, and they are decidedly suffi-
cient, usually superfluously so. But in the infinite depths
of interstellar space, there is only darkness and a perfect
reservoir for radiations. There would be continuous
cooling by radiation, and no sun to warm the ship. I
could understand how the ship might carry enough
matter to warm it for one hundred years, but in sixteen
hundred years so much energy must be radiated that the
entire mass would not suffice. Nothing short of an
entire planet would be sufficient. Polished walls would
reduce the radiation, but still it would be too high. I
can not understand it—unless these men can endure a
temperature of but twenty or thirty degrees above ab-
solute zero—then they could make it quite readily—but
two hundred and forty degrees below zero Centigrade
means that air—nearly everything would be solid, ex-
cept a few rare gases. No it seems impossible—yet we
have the evidence! I can not understand how they have
made this terrible migration, but I know that there are
many different units. I believe two thousand or more
was the number you mentioned Horus Mai ?”

   "There seem to be a very considerable number of sep-
arate signals that we can distinguish. I consider the two
thousand a very conservative estimate,” replied Horus
Mai, the Martian radiation engineer.

  "Then,” continued Mansol Korac, “we must decide
011 some plan of meeting them.”

  The Martian sat down and for some time there was
silence in the great hall. At last President Waterson
rose slowly to his feet. His face showed his concern.
In times of emergency he always felt that these men
here were responsible for the welfare of the twenty bil-
lions of human beings they controlled. And he was
their leader,^ and therefore the responsibility was his.

   "Mansol Korac, could you point out to us the approxi-
mate location of the approaching ships?” asked Water-
son and handed him a small hand light and pointed to
the great map of the system above them.

   “I cannot be very exact, Mr. President; I do not know
their location very definitely, but I should say about here,
proceeding thus.” The dazzling beam of white light
stabbed up to the ceiling high above, and a sharp circle
of light a foot across appeared, just within the orbit of
Uranus, but well beyond Saturn. Then it slowly moved
inward toward tiny glowing Mars. They were within
the Solar System, but had not yet reached the Inner

Ring of planets. Doubtless they who could make a
trip across the great "Void had the energy of matter at
their disposal, and probably the disintegration ray. They
would have no difficulty with the planetoids, they could
merely beam them out of existence if they came too near.

   The light snapped out, and each member of the cabinet
turned toward Waterson again.

   "Gentlemen, we see that they are within the Solar
System already and appear toi be heading directly for
the Inner Ring, and Mars in particular, I do not know
whether they come in peace or as invaders, but I think I
can reasonably say that they are probably invaders.
We all agree that they have made a trip of some 1600
years’ duration. We all recognize the difficulty of such
a trip. There are over two thousand ships in their fleet.
I would not send so large a fleet to investigate the Outer
Ring, but to send that great number of ships on a mere
exploration trip of 1600 years—I do not think it is
consistent. Then, too, we must allow them a life span
of over three thousand years if we are going to padmit
that this fleet is for exploration, for it would be three
thousand two hundred years before they could bring
back news of their trip. In the meantime they might
well have been wiped out by some stellar catastrophe,
or they might have developed means of seeing us directly
in nine years, the time light takes for the trip. Much as
we would prefer peace, I fear we must prepare for
war. But we can always go out to meet them peace-
fully, in a great battle fleet. That might convince them
that it is better to deal peaceably with us and it would
at least be a protection. I suggest that we have a dis-
cussion on this, and take a vote.”

   But there was no discussion, and the vote was unani-
mous, for the President’s suggestion was the logical
thing. They had to be prepared for either peace or war.

   Then came the discussion of weapons. There was
pitifully little to discuss. The interplanetary patrol fleet
was a mere police force, designed to destroy meteors,
turn comets or asteroids. There was no real naval fleet.
But mechanical devices had reached a great peak of per-
fection and the little space ships were so cheap, so easily
operated, and so eminently safe, that nearly every family
had several, and new ones were always in. demand.
There were mighty factories to meet this demand.
Twenty billion people can absorb a tremendous number
of machines. That was the greatest protection we had,
and it was that quantity production, developed by the
American, Ford, that made Waterson’s campaign pos-
sible. But we were to learn much of quantity production
methods before that war was over!

/”\RDERS were issued that evening to all the great
V-/ plants over all three planets to begin work on a
great quantity of ten-man-high speed ships. They were
to be arranged with mountings for machine guns firing
explosive bullets loaded with material explosive, each
one equal to 100 tons of the old fashioned Dynamite,
with special mountings for Dis ray machines. The dis-
integration ray machinery was to be built by the com-
panies employed ordinarily in making private power
plants, hand lights, and the jumping belts. These belts
had small projectors that threw a directional beam of
force that tended to deform the curvature of space, at
that point, and the result was a force that pulled the pro-
jector forward, for the space before it acted like a spring.
If a magnet be held near a steel watch spring, the spring
10

AMAZING STORIES

will bend, but it will try to straighten out and pull the
magnet forward. If the magnet could pass through the
spring it would progess, as the space curver apparatus
was pulled through space. This was the principle of
every ship now built, from these tiny two-kilogram
(nearly live pounds) machines capable of lifting a man
into the air, to the titanic new passenger-freight liners
carrying as high as three quarters of a million tons.

  The principle of the disintegration ray was not greatly
different, and so the machines designed for turning these
out in quantities were used to make the Dis ray appara-
tus with no great changes.

  The heat ray projectors were made in quantities for
every purpose, they were used for cooking, for welding
metals, for warming the home, for melting down cliffs
to make way for a building or a tunnel for water, for
heating the mighty space ships, for anything to which
heat might be applied to advantage. These would make
very effective weapons but for the fact that heat rays
could be reflected. They would bounce off the car of
the enemy without doing any damage if it were polished,
as no doubt it would be.

  Great liners of space were requisitioned and fitted with
Dis rays, and with mighty attractor beam apparatus that
would grip and hold anything short of another liner.
Each of the ten-man-cruisers had a smaller attractor
beam by which they could grip an adversary and hold
to his tail with the tenacious grip of a bulldog and yet
not weary the pilot with violent movement. These ships
were exceedingly powerful, and their speed was limited
only by the accelerations the passengers could stand.

  But all the scientists of the System were working
desperately to design some new weapon, some new ma-
chine that was a little faster, a little more powerful;
although with resistance in space and with the tremendous
energies of matter at their disposal, there was little lack
of power as far as the speed of the ships were concerned.
Ten thousand times more powerful than the titanic en-
ergies of atoms, this energy had defeated the Martians
that memorable day in May, 1947, and it was a full ten
billion times more powerful than the energies of coal,
of oil, of the fuels man had known before that day.
But they needed a machine that could project the Dis
ray farther. Twenty-five miles was the limit, beyond
that the tremendous electrical field that was used to
direct it must be built up to so high a voltage that there
was no practical way of insulating it. They must be
satisfied with the twenty-five mile range—but the scien-
tists were working at increasing the range.

  They had two weeks before the Sirians would reach
Mars, and in those two weeks much was done. There
was a very carefully laid out system in all notices; the
absolute truth was laid before the public, but there was
also laid before them the evidences of Man’s power.
There were no panics. This was no weird thing to them,
the landing of a fleet from another world; it was as
commonplace to them as the landing of a fleet from the
other side of the ocean had been a generation ago. The
element of the unfamiliar was gone, and with it had gone
the element that produces panic, that reduces the effi-
ciency of a nation or of a System.

  New production machines had to be built, new de-
signs worked out, new dies cut, but it was done with
the quickness that a generation of mass production had
made possible, it was not new to them, this change of
design overnight.

  It required most of those two precious weeks to get
the great machines working once more at their tasks,
but at last a steady stream of ten-man cruisers was be-
ing poured out, 5000 an hour, night and day, from the
factories of three planets. But there was only one day
to work before the Invaders would reach Mars, and the
fleet was gathered, 120,000 ten-man ships, manned by
the volunteers of three worlds.

  But in the meantime Waterson had had built for him-
self a ten-man ship with triple strength of walls, and
triple power plant installation, and an extra energy gen-
erator. He was experimenting with it, no one knew on
what.

   At last the invaders were seen. Far out in their course
the scouts had met them. Those scouts were destroyed,
without provocation; they did not even have time to
finish their reports, but we learned enough.

  Mars was a deserted planet now. All its population
had moved to the other worlds. Most of them moved
to Earth, on the other side of the sun. Only the workers
in the great factories remained. They were not com-
pelled to. They were told of the danger of their posi-
tion, but those factories could contribute 1500 ships an
hour, and they were manned. The fleet had gathered on
Mars, awaiting the news of the Sirians, when the re-
port of the scouts was flashed across the ether.

  They told of a great horde of metal ships, shining,
iridescent, ranging in size from tiny darting machines,
ten feet long by one and three-quarters in diameter, mere
torpedoes, to great transport ships. And there was a
single spherical ship. A great sphere that floated in the
center of a bodyguard of the thousands of its followers.
There were literally hundreds of thousands of the little
torpedo-ships, a few dozen of the cargo ships, and a few
ships that seemed more like scouts of some sort. But
it was apparent that the little torpedo-ships were the real
fighters—tiny ships that spun and turned and darted
like an electron in ionized gas. It seemed impossible that
a man could stand those sudden turns at several miles
a second, but they watched them, and went into nothing-
ness as the Dis ray reached out from those tiny ships and
caressed their ships.

  They, too, had Dis rays—it would be a terrible
battle, for man had that same force, a force so deadly
they had feared to use it in industry. But man had the
advantage of numbers.

  The men on the fleet who saw those television plates
glowing with the story of what was taking place out
there in space decided that those torpedo-ships must be
guided by radio. If they were it would be a simple
matter to wreck that system by using a powerful inter-
ference that wo»ld drown out the directing wave and
make its ships unmanageable.

  The System Capital was temporarily moved to the
Waterson Laboratories on Earth. There the forty men
had gathered around great television plates and were
watching the battle of the scouts. They were not to go
to that battle front. The System needed them.

IT was midnight on the part of Mars where the SiriaCS
first struck. The fleet of the Solar System was massed
there to meet them. They seemed headed for the mighty
gleaming city of Metal, below. Dornalus, the second
city of old Mars; was there, and they seemed bent on
reaching it. As the Sirians drew near they threw for-
ward a great shield of the torpedo-ships; then the great
THE METAL HORDE

11

generators on the Solarian fleet forced tremendous
etheric currents into space, and waited to see the motions
of the tiny ships become erratic, but they darted about
as steadily, as easily as ever. These Sirians must be
small men! And they must be from a massive world,
a work! that had accustomed them to great accelera-
tions.

  Below them the city was deserted except for vision
projector machines that hummed steadily, automatically,
from a thousand points. They were broadcasting the
message to the worlds and to the commanding officers
on the other side of Mars. These men had direct con-
trol of the battle. They could not control it from Earth,
for radio waves travel too slowly. Twenty minutes each
way the waves took and in forty minutes the battle was
more than over. It lasted only fifteen minutes—minutes
of terrific carnage!

   As the two great fleets came into contact, the Solarians
drove into the mass of tiny ships, their Dis rays flashing
in every direction. They had one advantage in that
they sprayed nine streams of death from each of their
craft; but the torpedo-ships were so unbelievably fast
that it was nearly impossible to hit them. And they
seemed to have no compunction about raying one of their
own ships if a more than equal amount of damage was
inflicted on their enemies. Logical, no doubt, but how
inhuman.

   The sky above the city became a blazing hell of Dis
rays, heat rays, and exploding shells. The explosives
were not safe, for they threw great flying fragments that
could pierce the wall of a ship and send it down. They
damaged friend and foe alike.

   The Solarian fleet had a solid projectile of a single
giant crystal of copper that was immune to the Dis ray.
It could penetrate the walls of a ship and bring it down.
But the explosive bombs were more often than not ex-
ploded or merely disintegrated before they reached their
goaL A crystal of any sort was immune to the Dis ray,
but it was not a protection against it. There was no
known way of deflecting the Dis ray except by that
special electrical field that directed it, and that could not
be made to surround a ship. The copper crystals were
used mainly to destroy the Dis ray projectors of the
enemy. They were fired at the faint glow, and with luck
they would hit the machine and instantly wreck the pro-
jector. More than one machine disappeared as its own
Dis ray projector, wrecked by the fifteen-inch copper
crystal, suddenly spread in all directions.

  The sphere and its escort of transports hung back,
surrounded by a great number of the torpedo ships.
They did not join in the fight.

_ And at last the Solarian fleet was recalled. It was not
right that they should make such heavy sacrifices. The
city must fall, and it would be easy to crush the Sirians
with a larger fleet. At the rate of 5000 Solarian ships an
hour, they might well do so in three days. So the Sola-
rians left, and behind on the ground there were a few
ships; a great number had been rayed into nothingness.
The Sirians had won this first victory, but the Solarians
could soon make up for this loss. They had twenty
billions to back them up, and they had the resources of
three planets. It seemed as though the invaders could
not last long, but we had yet to learn the true meaning
of mass production.

  No man could hang around the encampment of that
alien race. But above them television broadcasts were

suspended, and some were installed in the buildings of
the city. But these were of no avail, for the Sirians
seemed obsessed with the idea of making Mars a true
sphere. They proceeded to level the great city with Dis
rays. No news projector could remain there, of course,
and several news projector men lost their lives. It was
foolhardy to stay in that city; they had been forbidden,
but nothing will keep a newsman out of a chance for a
scoop. The projectors which hung above continued to
show a weird sccne.

  The great sphere and its attendant transports sank
gently to the ground and formed a great wheel, with the
sphere as the hub and the transports as radiating spokes
and the rim. High above them the darting torpedo-ships
were wheeling in constant circles. It seems a miracle
that not all of those news projectors were destroyed, but
some did last till the early rays of the sun set them off
as shining targets for the flashing Dis rays. It was a
weird scene they showed!

   Now from the sides of the great transports came, not
men, but great machines, machines that lumbered along
on caterpillar treads to set themselves down beside their
parent ship, one from each ship, and proceeded to dig
themselves in, about three feet deep. Then all seemed
quiet, except for a steady hum from the great machines,
fifty-eight in all there were, great machines—fully two-
hundred feet on a side. They worked there quietly now,
and the men within them must have been totally covered,
for they could not be seen. Apparently the Sirians dared
not come out into the Martian atmosphere. And now
something was happening that startled all the billions of
watchers on the three planets. In the top of the great
machines was a small trapdoor. Through this, there
came a torpedo-ship that floated up a few feet, then
darted off to join the wheeling machines above. Then
eleven seconds later another came forth—another—each
machine there was sending them out now. One by one
those machines released a torpedo-boat—one every eleven
seconds, with the regularity of a clock.

   At first men could not grasp the significance of this—
but soon it became obvious. These wonderful machines
were complete factories in themselves, portable, mass
production factories for producing those torpedo-ships,
and one each eleven seconds came from the end of
the production line, complete. The noises there were no
longer a gentle hum. There was a whir and rattle of
machines. It was not loud, though considering the mighty
works that must have been going on inside. But stead-
ily now, that darting fleet of torpedo-ships was increasing
the power for all this work was obvious to these men
who used similar processes in their work.

  From the soil below them the machines dug masses
of matter, and carrying it up into the machine trans-
muted its elements, into the elements necessary to their
machines, then molded them, and automatically assem-
bled them. It would require very little supervision, but
that production rate was staggering! One each eleven
seconds meant 325 completed machines an hour.

   There were no signs of any men entering these ships,
or the machines, so it seemed there must be some means
of distant control that man knew nothing of, for it was
improbable that all those men could have been in the
parent machine from the beginning. No wonder the
Sirians could lose these machines so freely. The ability
to make them automatically from anything meant they
cost practically nothing and could be produced in limit-
12

AMAZING STORIES

less quantity. The notion that Man was to be an easy
victor was fast disappearing. These machines were
coming to form an ever-growing cloud of wheeling ships.
Still, man had destroyed fully half their fleet in that des-
perate struggle; they must spend some time in making
up those losses. But Man had lost nearly a third of his
great fleet. Four hundred thousand brave men had been
lost. It was not even a victory, and it had cost Man far
more than it had cost the Sirians. They had learned
something from them, though. Perhaps radio control
would enable man to do an equal amount of damage.
Orders were put through to make an experimental fleet
of thirty thousand radio-controlled machines.

IN the meantime a new thing was attracting the atten-
tion of the people on the planets. A new set of
machines was issuing from the transports. These were
smaller than that first set—low and squat—but they
seemed far more flexible in their movement. They went
off in orderly line to a point a few miles distant from the
main encampment and there formed themselves into
two groups. One group remained still, but began to
glow faintly, and a hum came to the televisors above.
Then there began to flow from a spout on the side of
each a steady stream of molten metal. This was poured
into a somewhat similiar arrangement on the other
group, then these moved quickly away, and with their
strange handlike appendages began to work quickly
at a great rounded hull that was rapidly forming. The
men watching understood. It was to be another cargo
ship. Rapidly this hull grew under their swift manipu-
lation, till it was completed in three and a half hours.
An entire ship, except for the machinery, was completed.
And now they began to work on another, and as they fell
to work there started from the original cargo shops a
long line of small, quick moving machines, machines
that could run along the ground or drive through the air,
and they were covered with arm-like appendages. Soon
these reached the newly built hull, and quickly they were
at work, getting material from the strange squat ma-
chines, entering the hull, and working at it. The second
hull was nearly completed when one of the smaller ma-
chines flew back to the original encampment and went
up to the sphere. From it it drew a strange metal case,
oblong, from which led a great heavy cable. This it
carried back to the now completed ship and installed it
somewhere inside. Then the ship rose easily from the
ground and floated around a bit, landed again, and im-
mediately there came out of it one of the torpedo-ship
machines! None of these had gone in, it had been made
by those slim, quick worker machines! And now there
lumbered out a second machine—one of the strange
hull maker machines—then two of the worker machines
came out, where only one had gone in. The ship was
complete, even to its strange crew! And now that strange
crew was already at work, making others!

   With the coming of dawn the televisors were rayed
out of existence. But that evening more were installed,
and every night during all that invasion there floated
above them those noiseless televisors. They destroyed
many, but many remained.

   That night showed us a fleet of nearly a half million of
the tiny torpedo-ships, and a rapidly growing cargo ship
camp. There were more than a hundred now, for as
each was completed, the machines made could aid in
the more rapid construction of the next.

  And that night they began their work of leveling
Mars. That great fleet spread itself out over all the sur-
face of Mars, and with flaming heat rays and the terrible
Dis rays they cut down every remnant of the Martian
hills. Twenty-four hours later the entire planet was one
vast featureless plain. And on that plain there had been
established eight camps. During this time the cargo
ships had been moving, and during that twenty-four
hours they did nothing. But Man was prepared. The
radio-controlled fleet was ready to be given its first try.

  The entire fleet was assembled above the surface of
Mars, above that original camp, where still rested the
one sphere. Then from far out in space the great con-
trol ships directed the dive of the radio-control-ships,
making the distance one-twentieth part of a light second.
The men directing the ships were no faster than that,
could not respond sooner, and the greater distance gave
them greater safety.

  But now the radio-controlled ships were released, and
permitted to drop, uncontrolled. They wished to give
the Sirians no warning. Then when the ships were
scarcely ten miles from the Sirian fleet, they were
brought under control, headed nose down in a power
dive, straight through the surprised upper layers of the
fleet, and with Dis rays glowing they drove straight for
the ships below. Suddenly, there were great gashes in
the ground beneath, and twenty of the cargo ships were
gone in that first rush, and three more followed quickly.
But while literally thousands of the Sirian torpedo-ships
had been rayed, nearly half of the thirty thousand radio-
controlled ships of Man were gone. And now they had to
apply full power to prevent striking the ground. But
twenty-two of them continued'on in straight fall toward
the great sphere. They were rayed by a hundred ships
before they could get really separated from their com-
panions. And now the fast radio ships were destroy-
ing hundreds of the Sirians, they were formed in a verti-
cal column reaching up ten miles, one above the other,
with the nine Dis ray projectors going full blast and
spinning as rapidly as was safe lest the machines fly
apart due to centrifugal force, for the Dis ray will work
practically instantaneously. The top ship was prevent-
ing the torpedo-ships’ attack from above. Suddenly each
of the ships stopped spinning; its Dis ray went out and
they dropped like rocks. The radio control had been
drowned out by powerful interference; they were no
longer under the influence of the men, and they had
ceased to function. The radio-controlled-ships would no
longer be useful against the Sirians.

NEARLY the entire fleet of the Sirian torpedo-ships
had been wiped out by that spinning column. Now
thousands of the manually-controlled ships dove down
at the weakened fleet. Every one of the remaining
ships shot up to meet the advancing fleet; there were
still several thousand of the torpedo ships. And now the
sphere rose with them, and among them. Suddenly the
entire mass came together in the shape of a greater
sphere with walls of torpedo-ships, and as it formed the
torpedo ships snapped on their Dis rays, and started the
entire surface of the sphere spinning! They seemed
invulnerable in this formation, but they quickly moved
away across the surface of the planet, the larger part
of the Solarian fleet following, wondering what to do
about it. It seemed impossible to attack the sphere of
destruction.
THE METAL HORDE

13

   But the cargo ships were left unprotected, and in a
moment they had been beamed out of existence. The
Sirians had lost many hours’ work on this battle! And
they lost more before the mighty fleet of torpedo-ships
from the other camps rescued them. For now and then
an explosive shell would penetrate the screen of disinte-
gration rays. But within the outer shield was a second,
virtually a shield of metal, for the metal sphere was sur-
rounded by a solid mass of the torpedo-ships. But many
of these were destroyed. More, too, were put out of com-
mission by the copper crystals.

   On the arrival of the great fleet from the other camps
the tables were turned. The control ships had too low
an acceleration, and there were too many ships for the
ten-man machines to get, though they tried to make a
screen of Dis rays that stopped the ships till they were
rayed out of existence. Many of the control ships were
lost and many of the ten-man ships.

   It was then that Waterson announced two things that
gave the Solarians new hope.

   It was the fifth of August when the announcement
was made. And it was the same day on which nearly
the entire fleet from all the camps on Mars started off
for Venus, but the movement was detected almost at
once, and from great underground bases on Mars the
Solarian fleet sent out fifty thousand ten-man ships.
These ships skimmed along close to the ground, and
their polished metal had been sprayed with a drab paint
so that they seemed but shadows that became practically
invisible as they sped along, widely separated, but rapidly
converging on the site of the Sphere’s camp. This had
remained on Mars, guarded by so small a number of
ships that it was evident they expected the Solarian
fleet to go to Venus, as no doubt would have been
necessary but for this swift counter raid.

   So perfectly camouflaged were the Solarian ships,
that they got within ten miles of the camp without being
discovered. Then, as their Dis rays flashed out, the
entire group of the torpedo ships dove on them. There
were nearly one hundred thousand of the ten-man ships,
diving down at them in a zigzag course that made them
impossible targets, but the fleet had been approaching
from all sides, and now the entire Sirian defense was
concentrating on the machines attacking from the north.
Those from the south crept in behind them, and sud-
denly the sphere started into the air, then went flying
out into space at terrific speed. It barely escaped the
Dis rays of the attackers. Only its tremendous accelera-
tion saved it. Now several thousand of the torpedo ships
shot after it, the rest falling into the form of a great disc
to block the path of the pursuers. Man had long been
accustomed to two dimensional maneuvering, but the
ease with which these Sirians fell into complex three
dimensional formations showed long practice in the
art of warfare in space.

   That raid was successful in that it forced the imme-
diate return of the Sirian fleet, and very nearly de-
stroyed the sphere. Over seventy-two thousand of the
torpedo ships were destroyed, but we lost two thousand
twenty thousand men. But Waterson an-
nounced that the Sirians would no longer be able to
escape because of their greater acceleration. He had
discovered a method for using an attractor beam of a
short range but considerable power to be used with an
electro-magnetic device that would automatically turn
on the instruments in such a way that no matter what

the accelerations might be, no matter how great, as long
as they were within the limits of the ship’s strength,
the accelerations and centrifugal forces would be in-
stantly neutralized, thus making possible violent maneu-
vers that the sudden forces had hitherto made impossible.
A demonstration of his new ship had confirmed it. He
took up a number of the Cabinet in his special machine,
and turned hairpin turns at ten miles a second! The ac-
celeration would have been instantaneously deadly had
those neutralizers failed. They might as well have been
under a half million ton freighter as it landed, as un-
dergo those accelerations! But in that perfectly balanced
room, it was not detectable. The ship’s hull was made
triple strength, as were the power projectors, and the
generators. It was powered like a freighter, and could
reach its full speed of 1,000 miles per second at an ac-
celeration 5,000 times that of Earth’s gravity. Waterson,
who weighed two hundred and ten pounds on Earth
would have weighed over five tons! It meant that the
Solarian fleet would no longer be handicapped by the
greater flexibility of the enemy ships. The plants that
had been manufacturing the machines had already closed
down temporarily, while the dies for these new machines
were being made. But within thirty-six hours the first
of the machines was being turned out.

  And now a great crew of young men were being
gathered to man them. They were all volunteers. There
were to be one million ships, and that meant ten million
men would be needed. Only modern methods could
have made that possible, but with three populations,
totaling over twenty billions, a sufficient number of
volunteers came forward to make the work easy. As fast
as these men came to the conscription stations, they
were put into the new machines. And here also modern
methods had helped. The Waterson system of material
energy release had been so successful, that the price of a
completed car had dropped to well under one hundred
dollars for the small two-man machines.. And even for
the interplanetary models not more than two thousand
dollars needed to be paid, for the raw materials were
absolutely free, the labor was mechanically reduced to
almost nothing, and as the energy that drove these ma-
chines was as cheap as the raw materials, they merely
charged enough to make the venture pay a decent return
on investment and to pay the wages of the few machine
supervisors and the office staff. Men worked five days
a week on three-hour shifts in the factories, but longer
hours and more pay went to the builders, to the men who
had to manually control the building construction ma-
chinery, for law forbade the building of offices on the
mass production scheme, since that meant an unvaried,
monotonous city. But everywhere wages were high, for
wages depend, not on the amount of work men do, but
on the amount of finished product they can turn out.
The men accomplished more, and were paid more, but
they worked less. It had taken many years to finally
convince the Earth of that, but the example of American
labor, with its shorter hours and higher wages was proof
enough. And then the influence of the mighty energies
Waterson had released made it even more apparent.
Mars had already developed the system under the force
of the released atomic energies.

  High wages and cheap machines had meant that every-
one owned one. And so absolutely safe were they that
they commanded perfect confidence. This had been a
big factor in the making of this mighty fleet. Every-
14

AMAZING STORIES

one knew how to operate the machines, so it was easy
to fill the places on the machines with pilots.

  Nevertheless, special training was necessary to over-
come the caution against quick turns that long experi-
ence had instilled in them all. Each accepted applicant
was taken tip in one of the new machines, and given a
breath-taking ride—a ride that consisted in diving to-
ward the Earth with terrific sudden acceleration. Then,
just when the student felt certain they would crash and
become a mass of molten metal, the ship was brought
up, not a mile from the ground, to settle gently; then,
when they almost touched the ground, they leapt into
the air again with an acceleration that shot them out
of the atmosphere with the velocity of a meteor, while
the outer wall of tungsto-iridium alloy glowed cherry
red. Then came sharp turns at ten or twenty miles a
second, till at last the students no longer gripped the
arms of their seats in anticipation of a sudden accelera-
tion. Then they were taken down and given a ship to
experiment with.

  But none of these men had ever handled a weapon
of the sort they were to use, so. mimic battle practice
was held, with the glowing rays of a harmless ionizing
beam instead of the deadly Dis rays.

DAILY reports were coming from the Martian scouts
as time went on. The Sirians, too, had decided
to do some fleet building, for nearly three-quarters of
their fleet had been destroyed. The production rate of
man’s factories, 120,000 a day, had gained a slight lead.
It would require ten days before a fleet of a million
could leave for Mars with a home guard of two-hundred
thousand ships.

  The destruction of the Martian plants had lowered
the production rate to about 3,500 an hour, but shops
put up rapidly on Earth and Venus had quickly brought
the production-rate back, and it would be nearer 7,000
an hour by the time the last of the fleet had been finished.

  The spinning sphere formation of the Sirians had been
almost invulnerable, and an exceedingly destructive
formation. The Solarians had chosen several thousand
of their crack pilots to practice this maneuver, but de-
spite almost constant practice during the entire ten days,
it was a miserable failure as soon as they tried to
progress. Standing motionless it was a very effective
procedure, but the spinning column was decided on as
more effective as long as they had no ship to protect.
There were twenty groups that practiced that maneuver.

  And then Waterson announced that an associate of
his, working in his laboratory, had developed a method
for using a triple electrical field to direct the Dis ray,
making possible a ray with a range of over sixty miles.
This would be absolutely fatal to the spinning sphere
system of the Sirians. The Sirians very evidently did
not know how to project the Dis ray any further than
twenty-five miles. The ability to stand off and hit them
would break down the sphere of Dis rays very quickly.
There was only one objection. The rays were very
powerful, so powerful that they required triple power
generators, but the special field of electrical force was
the worst problem. The field could not be made suf-
ficiently strong if a single layer of the force was used,
but the invention of a method to back up the first with
two other layers of equal voltage, thus getting nearly
three times the effect without exceeding the capacity of
the insulation, had made the new machine possible. This

special field was produced by circularly moving cathode
rays, or exceedingly high velocity electrons, and there-
fore could be produced only by atomic methods. This
meant ten thousand times the amount of fuel a simi-
larly powered material engine would have required,
but material energy of course yields only wave motions
of the transient or unstatic type, a type that cannot
stand still. Atomic energy can yield static-waves as well
as unstatic; the electron can stand still, and is a perfect
example of the stationary wave.

  These limitations, in turn, meant that a tremendous
weight of equipment was needed. And a corresponding
great volume of space was required. In the end they
had to use specially reinforced freighters to carry the
great projectors, each of which could carry but two
projectors. Due to their long range, however, the ships
were at least self-protecting. There was not time to
make and equip more than twenty-eight of these ships
before the fleet was scheduled to start. They were com-
pleted ahead of time. Some of their trial trips more
than fulfilled the best hopes of the inventor. Dr. Wil-
liam Carson, the physicist who developed it insisted that
it was really Dr. Waterson’s suggestions that made the
thing possible.

  We had learned something of spatial warfare forma-
tions from the Sirians. Now we were to learn a bit of
the strategy of spatial warfare.

THE Solarian fleet sailed for Mars on the fifteenth
of August, 1961. They were a scant twenty mil-
lion miles from their goal when a report came from a
scout that something was happening down in the Sirian
camp. Almost immediately after that the Sirians flooded
our entire system with so terrific a barrage of radio
frequency static that communication was impossible.
They could not transmit from Earth to Venus, and the
communication was very poor even from one side of
Earth to the other, despite the fact that over a half
billion kilowatts were used. So intense was this barrage,
that if two of the torpedo ships near the sending ap-
paratus came within twenty or thirty feet of each other,
great crashing sparks leapt across, and instantly they
were fused. Scouts saw this happen twice.

  The Solarian fleet continued on for Mars. They
should cover the remaining distance—twenty million
miles—in five hours by pressing the ships a little, al-
though higher speeds made the rate of approach of
asteroids so great that they frequently could not be
detected before they collided with the ships.

  Only two and a half hours later a scout came into
sight at terrific speed. He must have been doing over
two thousand a second, an exceedingly dangerous rate—
but his acceleration neutralizer enabled him to slow down
safely. He reported that the entire Sirian fleet had risen
from Mars, leaving a very few machines behind—this
time taking the sphere with them—and had set out for
Earth! Earth was on the other side of the Sun—a long
two hundred and twenty million miles to go! The
Sirians had a lead of three hours. They had as great a
speed as the Solarians and would reach Earth bef ',—rfhe
Solarians. But they would at least be delayed by the
two hundred thousand ships—more now, for the steady
production would have built the quota up to over six
hundred thousand, or a million by the time they could
return. The Sirian fleet had been built up to nearly three
million though, which could easily crush the fleet of a
THE METAL HORDE

15

million, and the second million later—separately. The
trip would take them sixty-two hours. Scouts had been
sent ahead to Earth at a dangerously high speed to com-
municate the news, and the entire fleet had increased
its speed to a rate that was considerably higher than
safety warranted, but a continuous play of Dis rays
was considered sufficient safety at fifteen hundred miles
a second. The Sirian fleet had been reported to be
making thirteen hundred and fifty, so the Solarians
should pass them, or meet them, just shy of the Earth,
where the other fleet would be waiting. They should
have no difficulty to crush the Invaders with the two
million ships.

  The radio interference was being maintained by a
ship anchored somewhere in space. It was no doubt well
protected, and to attack it successfully would have meant
the loss of a large number of ships, for the time spent
in the attack would delay them irreparably. They must
continue to Earth.

   There were no scouts from the Sirian fleet—yet there
should have been, for over a thousand ships had been
following them, far behind. None ever reached Earth
to warn the fleet. Every one of them was destroyed.
But when the Sirian fleet was well on its way—it
turned—and headed for Venus! They had purposely
let that one scout reach the Solarian fleet with the news
that the fleet was headed for Earth—then they redirected
their course. The scouts from the Solarian fleet did
reach Earth—but soon after the last of the scouts fol-
lowing the Sirian fleet had been destroyed, their radio
barrage was lifted. All the ships on Venus were con-
centrated on Earth, and Venus was left unprotected.

  Twenty hours after the fleet had turned back, the
radio barrage was again lowered over the System. It
was ten hours later that the Sirians reached Venus.

  While the radio barrage had been lifted, Waterson
had had an idea that there should be some protection
for the planet. It did not seem that the planet should
be completely stripped of its defenses, and he had sug-
gested that at every city great Dis ray machines of the
sixty-mile range type be set up. His suggestion was
followed, and at every city on Venus the great machines
were installed. There were many of them now, for
during the hundred hours the main fleet was in flight
the new machines had been put on a quantity produc-
tion basis. But all the ships that were equipped with
them, were sent to the defense of the unattacked Earth!
And it was those machines that prevented the landing
of the Sirians. They came to the night side of the
planet, of course, coming from Mars. It would be thirty
hours before they would be expected on Earth—thirty
hours before the main fleet would reach the planet—
and then there would be the 160,000,000-mile trip to
Venus if they were to get there in time to rescue the
planet.

  But the Sirians could not approach within beaming
distance of the cities, and all those that did try to do so,
were, brought down as a cloud of powdery dust. It was
Waterson’s caution that saved the billions of people on
Venus.

   But were they to be saved ? The Sirians decided they
must destroy the works and the people on Venus, so
they made one desperate effort. They had at least sixty
hours to work in, and now they had a plan that would
require time. They retired some hundred miles from the
planet, then the entire fleet, torpedo ships, cargo boats,

and the entire body guard of the Sphere lined up, and
then switched on powerful attractor beams. Imme-
diately, the combined effect of over three million of these
emanations took hold on the planet, and great tides
began to rise in its mighty oceans. Many lives were
lost in the seaside towns, when the tremendous waves
rushed in over the land. But astronomers on the planet
and most of the System’s scientists were there to watch
the Sirians on Mars through their great telescopes. And
these astronomers saw what the Sirians intended, and
saw that they were well on their way to fulfilling
their aim.

  A PLANET is balanced in its orbit about its parent
 sun with the delicacy of a diamond on a jeweler’s
 scales. But, like the diamond, if it be displaced by some
 force, it reaches a new state of equilibrium. Thus, if
 the diamond is further lowered in the scale by adding a
 small weight, it soon reaches a new point of equilibrium.
 No conceivable force, therefore, could be great enough
 to displace the planet in its orbit more than a few million
 miles by pulling it either in toward the sun, or out from
 it, and as soon as that force was released, it would spring
 back to its original position as the diamond would regain
 its balance on removing the disturbing weight. For the
 sun pulls on a planet with a titanic force; it draws it in
 with the apparent force gravity, and another similar,
 but opposite force, centrifugal force of its revolution in
 its orbit, is constantly tending to throw it into the depths
 of space. These are the two forces that are always bal-
 anced. Suppose the planet is drawn nearer the sun; it
 revolves in a smaller orbit — and it revolves in that
 smaller orbit with a higher speed—for it has fallen in
 toward the sun; it has gained speed as any falling body
 would. It has gained speed in the direction of the sun,
 but this has operated to increase its rotational speed.
 Thus it has gained a greater centrifugal force—you can
 see the effect with a bit of chalk on the end of a string.
 The smaller the circle it swings in, the greater the ten-
 dency to fly outward. But as long as we continue the
 force that was added to draw it in, it will remain in
 equilibrium. Remove this extra force and at once the
 planet will fall away from the sun, losing speed as it
 does so, till it has reached a point where it is once more
 in equilibrium with the force drawing it inward.

  Now reverse the problem. Let us draw it away from
 the sun. Now the orbit is longer, and it has lost speed
 in moving from the sun. It cannot stay here, it is not in
 equilibrium, unless the force that drew it out is main-
 tained. To free the planet from the sun, one would have
 to lift hundreds of quintillions of tons of rock through
 billions of miles, against the terrific gravity of the sun.
 It is too much.

  Thus we see that as long as the planet revolves in its
 orbit, it will never fall, and to pull it away from the
 sun is impossible as long as it revolves in its orbit. But
 if it slows down in its flight about the sun it at once has
 less centrifugal force. It automatically falls toward the
 sun until it has gained velocity enough to establish a
 new orbit of equilibrium. If this energy, too, is with-
 drawn ; if it is made to stand still in its orbit; it will fall
 straight to the sun. It is the only way such a thing
 might be done. And it would take the energies of matter,
 and strain that to the utmost, to accomplish it.

  This was the plan of the Sirians. Three million ships
 were dragging like a Titanic brake on the planet as it
16

AMAZING STORIES

 wheeled in its orbit, and slowly, steadily it was falling
 into the blazing furnace of the sun. Their ships were
 not designed for this task, but they could do it in the
 sixty hours at their disposal. In a short time it would
 be falling directly toward the sun, but it would take
 many hours for the seventy-million-mile fall. Even if it
 were stopped before it reached the sun, any place within
 twenty million miles would be unbearable.

  It was the distressed planet itself that warned the
people on Earth and the men of the fleet that the Sirians
would never reach Earth, for the radio was still dead.
But the fleet turned for Venus at once. They were far
to one side of the path to Venus, and they would have
to turn, but it would take them thirty, instead of sixty
hours to reach Venus. And the other fleet was coming
from Earth. They were not quite a million strong, but
those machines that had been produced on Venus would
come also, and that would bring the total numbers up
to over a million, and with the main fleet the number
would be well over two million. There were also three
hundred of the long range Dis ray ships now, for many
more had been produced and Venus would supply an
equal number.

WE can only admire the wise action of the Com-
mandant of the Venerean fleet, Mals Hotark, in
not sending his pitiful fleet of a few thousand out to
fight with the Sirians. The members wanted to, the
people of Venus wanted him to, but he wisely waited
until he saw the fleets of the System approaching. It
would have done no good, and lost many lives, and
valuable ships to have gone in advance to the attack.

  Many people tried to leave Venus, but enough ma-
chines were freed of the task of stopping the orbital
motion of the planet to patrol the heavens and keep the
people from leaving. They beamed thousands of private
cars out of existence; it seemed unnecessarily cruel.

   The two great fleets were drawing nearer to the planet,
converging, and at last they got so close that they could
carry on a radio communication by using the terrific
power of over two billion kilowatts of energy'. The
amount of power that Sirian machine was throwing off
has been estimated at a minimum of fifty billion kilo-
watts. We know that enough power could be picked
up from a hundred meter aerial on Earth to operate a
small, high frequency motor.

  When radio communication was established, they
agreed to wait until they could join, for the fleet from
Earth was two hours ahead of the main fleet. The loss
of time was made up for in greater efficiency of action.
They would need it all. At last they joined fleets, one
mighty disc of two million airships, they flew on through
space at a steady rate of five and three-quarter million
miles an hour. They arranged themselves in a mighty
cone as they came nearer Venus. Already the machines
had slowed it down so greatly that the planet was over
a million miles out of her orbit, and rapidly adding to
this mileage.

  But now as the great cone approached, the great ships
with the long range Dis rays leading, they were dis-
covered. The cone formation was chosen, for that is
the three dimensional equivalent of the two dimensional
V that man had used in war on earth for thousands
of years.

  Now began the greatest battle in the history of the
System. Here were two mighty forces slashing at each

other with terrific disintegration rays, fighting in the
great Void, and five million powerful ships darting
around, slashing, stabbing with a death that struck with
the quickness of light.

  As the great cone of the main fleet attacked from one
side, there was a smaller cone attacking the Sirians from
the other, but long before the Sirians could bring their
rays into effect the long range rays had torn great holes
in their ranks. The Sphere had retired with its escort
at once, going swiftly to Mars. The main fleet was too
busily engaged in fighting the Sirians’ main fleet to
worry about the Sphere at present.

  A dozen times the great spinning sphere formation
was tried by the Sirians, but each time a withering blast
of the long range Dis ray cut it up as a tool held against
a spinning block of wood cuts it down in the lathe.
Their strongest formation was useless, and they could
no longer outmaneuver the Solarians, the new ships
could turn and dart as quickly as they, or even more
quickly. The big Dis ray ships were not equipped for
fast fighting, so when there were none of the spinning
sphere formations to break up, they retired to a safe
distance, and waited for any ships that might attack
them. Few did. It proved suicidal. But steadily the
forces of man were conquering. In a hell of flashing
Dis rays, the new ships were proving their worth. The
flaming rays had seared the land below for many miles,
but the fleet of the Sirians was fast going. The new
fast ships of man could dodge the rays of the Sirians,
turn and dart on the tail of their attacker, then hang
there, the attractor beam giving them an added grip
until they could flash the machine into nothingness with
the Dis ray. They turned, ducked, darted ahead with
terrific speed, suddenly stopped, and then were going
full speed again. And another Sirian ship was gone.
Now it was the delicate apparatus of the Sirians’ ships
that suffered; they could not keep up with the sudden
turns of this flexible adversary. And their great fleet
had been reduced to a scant quarter million, but we had
lost nearly a half million ships, five million men, in that
Titanic struggle. Such a battle cotdd not last long. It
was impossible. Nothing could stand before the Dis
rays, and with those turning, darting ships, sooner or
or later every ship must come under the influence of
those rays. But now the last of the torpedo-ships were
fleeing into space. But we did not care to have to fight
them again—and they too were rayed out of being.
They could no longer dart away from us before we
could catch them—that was for us now!

  But now the fleet returned to a greater task. Venus
had been falling toward the sun, and was nearly a mil-
lion and a quarter miles off and within her orbit. Now
a great fleet of cargo carriers from Mars, Venus and
Earth came up, and with them came wrecker ships,
capable of picking up 011 their powerful attractor beams
an entire million-ton passenger-freight liner—great liners
themselves, all equipped with attractor beams. Soon
they were all using their power to bring the planet back
to its normal speed. It did not take the ships of that
mighty fleet, many specially designed for heavy listing
and towing, many designed for tremendous loads, very
long to bring the planet back to its age-old orbit.

  In former days we would have found a world wrecked
by panic. BuLthis later generation had learned to trust
in the powers of the ships they had, and there had been
little of the terrible panic that would have affected the
THE METAL HORDE

17

world of a generation ago. Then, too, they knew that
with the demonstrated power of the long range Dis rays,
they could safely convoy a fleet of the great passenger
liners to safety.

  What helped also was the fact that the human mind
cannot grasp the full significance of the fall into the
sun. If you were told that the planet you were on was
sinking toward the sun, you would be surprised, horri-
fied, and would probably try to make a bargain-buy on
real estate, while the other man sold his to get his money
out. You would simply fail to comprehend the magni-
tude of the catastrophe. It has never happened, and
never will, the mind says, and we unconsciously believe
it. Your neighbor would joke about it to you. Of course
many would leave, but most people would stay till the
actual physical heat of the sun drove them off. We are
constituted that way.

  But now the radio barrier was down, and news from
the Martian scouts made men hesitate. The remaining
cargo ships had settled on Mars and were even now
pouring out their strange crews. But they were not
building cargo ships. Every one of the worker machines
were kept in action constructing duplicates of themselves
as rapidly as possible. Already a great number of them
had been made—over seven hundred of the machines it
was estimated—and now these were engaged in similar
work. The number grew in a steady geometrical series.

  But the scouts were driven away by the torpedo ships.
Then there was no news of the operations until night-
fall permitted the scouts to creep up and install the usual
floating vision machines.

  Then at last we understood the reason for this tre-
mendous number of inoffensive worker machines. There
was a great seething mass of metal around the workings
now. Great blazing lights illuminated the scene as
brightly as day. There was a great horde of shining
metal machines working swiftly about the great plain.
There seemed to be thousands of them now, and they
were all busily at work on great machines—the torpedo-
ship machines! There must have been nearly a thou-
sand already completed and already the fleet that had
escaped had been built up to many thousands by the
rapidly working machines, and a steady stream of long
glistening shapes rose—only to be lost in the darkness
beyond. Steadily the great machines were being put to-
gether, and steadily the great fleet was being augmented.

  Before morning that fleet had reached two hundred
thousand, and was now growing at the rate of twenty-
five thousand an hour. Steadily this rate was increasing.
The fleet was too large to be attacked by man’s weakened
fleet, for the delay in putting Venus back in its orbit
had given the Sirians a chance to build up an invulner-
able fleet. The added time of the trip to Mars meant a
still greater fleet. Already their production rate was far
greater than Man’s. Man could not hope to compete
successfully. We were learning the meaning of quantity
production.

  Had it been possible to attack them with the long
range Dis rays it would have been tried, but the plan
was hopeless. Before the fleet could reach them there
would be 100,000,000 miles to go to reach them, and it
would take approximately twenty hours, in which time,
at the present rate of increase, the Sirian fleet would
have reached a total of three million again. They would
all concentrate their attack on the long range Dis ray
ships. No Solarian ships could help without interfering

with the action of the Dis ray ships, and they would
need help, for each ship carried only two beams. More
could not be carried. They would merely be held at bay,
unable to attack their goal, useful only in breaking up
the spinning sphere formation, but that could be pre-
vented. The Solarians had learned that trick from the
Sirians. The Sirians had succeeded in breaking up every
spinning column formation by simply getting into the
midst of it before it was formed completely. It required
perfect coordination of several machines to do it, but
it was always done. The long range Dis rays were excel-
lent now in defending a city, but useless for attack be-
cause of the terrific weight of the apparatus. They could
not attack the Sirian fleet. If they did the production
machines would have been so built up by the time they
reached the planet that any ordinary rate of destruction
would be easily equaled by the production! Within
three days it was decided that the Sirian fleet would be
built up enough to attack. .They would then attack our
planets, no doubt.

A CABINET meeting was called at the Waterson
laboratories on Earth. There Waterson first dem-
onstrated the weapon that finally conquered in the ter-
rific struggle. Before the members, on the Cabinet table,
was a small portable material energy disintegrator, a ma-
chine that gave off its energy as light. There was a
second machine at the other end of the table, a machine
that occupied about two cubic feet of space, and on
one side of it was a small switch and a dial; on the other
was a familiar looking projector.

  Dr. Waterson spoke:

  “Gentlemen of the Cabinet: I have here a new ma-
chine that my laboratory has developed. I will demon-
strate its action first.” The light was switched on, throw-
ing a brilliant shaft of light against the ceiling. Then
Waterson snapped on the switch of the new machine,
and there appeared a strange beam of blueish, ionized
air. But unlike any other known ionizing beam, it was
shot through with streamers of red fire, long, hair-thin
streamers that wavered and flickered in the blue tube of
the ionized air. It reached out, touched the light gen-
erator, and passed on, through a series of plates of dif-
ferent materials. But the instant that strange beam
struck the light-machine, it went out. Then a moment
later, when the new machine was turned off, the light
snapped back on.

  "Gentlemen, this machine will produce a field, direc-
tional in this case, that will so modify the properties of
space as to make it utterly impossible to disintegrate
matter into energy. There is some tendency to fix energy
as matter. I think that will be interesting to us in the
event that this war is successfully concluded. But at
present we are interested in the properties of the beam
in that it will stop the disintegration of matter. The
process depends on the modification of the properties
of space. It is well known that in ordinary space, such
as we know, there are twenty coefficients of curvature.
In ordinary empty space, ten of these have zero values,
and the ten principal coefficients have certain non-zero
values. This machine so affects space that it makes all
the coefficients of space have non-zero values, and fixes
these values to suit its own purposes. The results are
amazing. I have done some things with this machine
that makes me truly afraid. But we are interested in it
because certain of the values we can assign operate to
18

AMAZING STORIES

force space to take such curvatures, that any change
of the condition of matter to condition of energy is
impossible. On release of the ray, the space returns to
its normal curvature.

  “Working out the theory of this machine has been a
tremendous task. Even the great calculating machine,
the new integraph developed last year, and it is a far
cry from that first one that M. I. T. developed in 1927,
required many weeks of work to solve the problem in
twenty coefficients of space. In so doing at one stage
we had to assume a space of twenty dimensions in order
that the correct values in the four true dimensions might
be determined.

  “But there is still a great deal of work to be done.
We must develop practical machines of a range of many
miles. There is no difficulty in using the ray, since, as
it is a condition of space, not a vibration, it is impossible
to stop it by any shield. There is only one way to work
with it, to create it directionally. We make the field by
projecting certain strains along a beam, then once started
the field follows that line to a distance dependent on the
strength of the generator.

  “But this will require at least five days to get into
working form. I suggest that in the meantime Venus
makes several million of the long range Dis ray projec-
tors, and distribute them all over the planet, to be turned
on from a central station, or by their own separate
crews. I have no doubt that the Sirians will attack that
planet before we are ready to attack them. Earth, too,
must be prepared. But in the meantime we can begin
the work on the new de-activating field projectors, as I
call them.”

  Waterson was right. It was three days later that the
Sirian fleet left for Venus with a number of torpedo
ships so tremendous, it is absolutely inconceivable.
There were over two hundred million of the ten-man ma-
chines! When they started to settle about Venus, the
sky was so filled with them that it was literally dark for
many miles. They attacked at Horacoles the System
Capital, but the fields of the great Dis rays were too
much for them. Neither bombs nor Dis rays could reach
through. The air was dense, and filled with artificial
smoke to prevent the transmission of heat rays and
great winds were created for the purpose of carrying
the heat away; but this was done automatically by the
expanding air before long. They could not attack the
city. All over the face of the planet were the great Dis
ray emplacements. Great ships hung even over the great
rolling oceans, sending the blue rays of ionized air up
like some column thaj: was to hold the Sirians from the
Planet. And they did.

  But now again they began to slow down the planet—
not gently as they had had to before—but rapidly. The
planet would have been pulled to pieces, except that
the very attractor beams that were pulling on it tended
to relieve the stress. But the cargo ships of Venus
were pulling to keep the planet in motion. It was a
strange thing to contemplate! Two mighty forces, one
a fleet of two hundred million small ships, the other a
force of as many thousand huge freight carriers, having
a tug-o-war for a planet! But the odds were too great.
Slowly the Sirians won. The planet was steadily
dropping toward the sun. Now it seemed no fleet could
come to aid them, and the Sirian fleet was being aug-
mented constantly by a steady stream of ships from
Mars. It was the sixth day after the announcement was

made that Waterson had a fleet ready to attack the
Sirians. The Venerians also had a fleet ready, prepared
by the directions of Waterson’s engineers sent by radio-
television and radiophone. They were ready to attack,
and the Terrestrian fleet arrived at Venus just six days
after the announcement of the new weapon.

  The practical projector of this new ray had been
quite heavy, and they had been mounted in groups of
twenty projectors on special hundred-man ships, using
the same acceleration neutralizer used on the ten-man
ships. They were arranged to throw a wide beam, so
wide that the new ships with twenty, could prevent any
action in a field of over two hundred miles depth, and
in a cone with a base of six hundred miles diameter.
The ships they had could approach within a hundred
miles of the Sirian fleet, without being seen, for they
were painted black therefore and showed no lights. In
the darkness of the void they were easily hidden.

THE entire expedition went as planned. The radio
barrage had not been turned on, and they were in
constant communication with the Venerians. The two
fleets were to attack simultaneously, over different areas,
so that between them they could wipe out so large a
number of the enemy ships that the fleet of two million
could easily handle the task.

  Hidden in the utter dark of the void they crept up on
the Sirians. They were in the sunlight, but the black
coating kept them invisible, while the Sirian ships shone
brilliantly. Then at last the tip of the great cone forma-
tion was within 6asy striking distance of the fleet. There
reached out the strange ray, and here in space it was
utterly invisible. But suddenly the ships within its range
began to waver, to fall together under mutual gravita-
tion. With one swoop they all shot toward the ships
in space that had paralyzed them, for the attractor beams
had been turned on them. As the great mass of ships
fell rapidly toward them, long range Dis rays reached
out, and they melted into clouds of shimmering dust.
Great swaths were cut through their ranks. A similar
scene was taking place far to the left of the Terrestrian
fleet where the Venerian fleet was working havoc among
the invaders. Now the last of the ships had been rayed
into nothingness and a great fleet of the Sirians were
rushing forward to attack for the ships invisible on
account of their black line had been electrostatically lo-
cated now. But as the Sirians came within one hundred
miles of the other fleets, the ships all ceased to accelerate,
to change direction; they just drifted straight into that
cone of Dis rays. All walls of the de-activating field
were lined with the ten-man ships, their shorter range
Dis rays prevented any Sirians from escaping. Bright
lights shone out on the Solarian fleet now—they wanted
the Sirians to attack. The original cone formation had
shifted rapidly; now it was a double cone; then it
changed to a quadruple cone. There were six hundred
of the de-activator ships and these were arranged so
that they shot their rays off in four directions, making
four cones of de-activated space, with the fleet of de-
activator ships at the apex. Thus they were protected
on all sides, and quickly, as the Sirian fleet spread out,
more ships rose and there were six cones branching out.
In the center rested the main mass of the fleet, the long
range Dis ships, their attractors pointing out into the
cones to draw the disabled ships of the Sirians into the
range of their Dis rays, emanating in thousands from the
THE METAL HORDE

19

ships lining the sides of the de-activated cones of space.
The fleet was invulnerable and so sudden and complete
was the failure of their power in these de-activated
regions, that they did not seem to have time to warn
their fellows. Many millions of the ships were lost
before the wild charge could be checked; then the six-
cone formation entire began to move slowly around; the
Sirians, waiting to see what was to happen, were caught
before they were aware that they were in danger. Many,
too, were caught by the powerful attractor beams of
the heavy ships within—drawn in by the greater power
of the heavy ship, till their power failed. But at last
the Sirians had learned the effective range of this new
power and tried hard to avoid it. The six-cone forma-
tion was immediately broken up, and the six hundred
de-activators went out individually, each followed by a
swarm of the ten-man ships to disintegrate the ships
caught in the de-activating cones. The Terrestrian ships
were marked by a blazing blue light, so that if they too
were caught in the de-activating field, they were not dis-
integrated. Only those around them were, and they were
then released, as the ray did not seem to have any in-
jurious effects on man, except to give him strange
dreams. In some way the brain was stimulated by the
ray, as long as the ray was used.

  The de-activator ships were completely self-protecting;
they could stop any number of attackers from any direc-
tion, provided the paralyzed ships were disintegrated as
soon as caught, for if too many were piled up, the ten-
dency of the matter to disintegrate in the engines, plus
the natural tendency of the space to resume the normal
curvature, caused the ray to become ineffective as it
was overpowered, and one ship was lost in this way.
Too many ships piled up, and only part of them could
be rayed out by the ship itself, and there were not a suf-
ficient number of helping ten-man ships. But the mighty
fleet of the Sirians was-already beaten. They still out-
numbered us ten to one, but they could not fight this
new force. They began a running fight to Mars, and
now the Solarians were united. Rapidly they wiped out
the edges of the fleet, and gradually worked in toward
the center. But the Sirians could not fight back—they
could use only the explosive shells, and few of them
reached their goal. They were disintegrated, or missed.
Not more than three thousand men were lost in that
entire engagement.

  But now the Solarians tried a plan to capture the
Sphere. A large number of the ten-man ships dropped
out of the main fleet, but not enough to make it notice-
able to the hard-pressed Sirians. These were joined by
one hundred of the de-activator ships. Then these, all
capable of higher speeds than the main fleet, set out at
the highest speed that could safely be maintained, and
darted toward Mars. Undetected they rushed past the
Sirian fleet and passed on toward Mars. They reached
the planet fully three hours ahead of the main fleet.
By the time the main fleet had arrived, it came unat-
tended, for the last of the mighty fleet of two hundred
million torpedo-ships had been turned to impalpable
dust, floating in space.

  The advance guard arrived without warning, and as
they had expected, found the Sphere resting on the
ground, protected by a great fleet of the torpedo-ships.
There were nearly a million ships there, with the great
machines rapidly making more. However, all were
grouped in an area that could be covered by the cone of

the de-activating beam. And out in space, the ship com-
manders decided on a plan. Fifty of the de-activator
fleet took positions high above the Sirians, and the rest
went with the entire fleet of the ten-man ships. These
were to approach the camp from the ground. Lying
close to the ground, they would be hard to see in the
disappearing light. At a fixed moment, all the ships
above were to turn on their de-activator rays, which
would be plainly visible in the Martian atmosphere,
while the ground fleet of fifty de-activators were to use
their rays from the side. The ten-man ships were to
form a circle around the camp at a safe distance from
the de-activator rays, for they would crash when their
power failed, if they were caught by the de-activator
rays. But they wanted to capture the sphere in good
condition, so they arranged to have the space directly
above it unaffected by the de-activator field, lest some
torpedo fall on it and destroy it. This would leave an
exit for the torpedo ships, except that at a point a mile
or so above the Sphere, a cross-ray made escape
impossible.

  The rays were turned on. Instantly the fleet of nearly
a million torpedo-ships fell wildly out of control, down
through the blue glowing air, in which great streamers
of glowing red seemed to waver and twist. Just outside
the curtain of destruction waited the entire Solarian
fleet. Slowly they closed in till their Dis rays swept
all the ships within sixty miles of the edge out of exis-
tence; then rapidly the de-activator beams were forced
ever sharper and sharper, till at last only the Sphere
and a few hundred of the torpedo-ships, several hundred
of the torpedo-ship constructors, and the corresponding
cargo ships and worker machines were left. These had
been saved for investigation by the scientists, for they
were helpless.

  But the war was over now. The Sirians had been
destroyed, or reduced to mere museum pieces. Now the
Scientists came to investigate the Sphere. There was
much we wanted to learn from the creatures of the
Sphere. But it was a strange story that the Sirian sphere
had to tell.

AEONS ago there lived on a great planet of Sirius
a race of intelligent men, shaped as we are, but
smaller due to the greater gravity of their planet. And
these men had developed a high civilization, a civiliza-
tion different from ours, in that they learned early about
mechanics, but chemistry and physics merely developed
from the needs of the great mechanical engineers. Elec-
tricity was used as a powerful aid in their machines, and
in their processes; it was a by-product, not an end.

  Gradually their machines eliminated more and more
of their work; they became more and more complicated,
but more and more trustworthy. Men began to experi-
ment with physics and found that their calculating ma-
chines needed development. It was easy to add first
one step, then the next. More and more the machines
could do. The mathematics became more and more com-
plicated, and the machines developed the equations,
found they could not handle them and passed them out
as unfinished results. Finally one man used the machines
to calculate the design of a machine that would be able
to do these new .equations. He built it, but the calcula-
tions were wrong. The machine had correctly solved his
problem, but he had stated it wrong. It resulted in a
machine that would solve only simple problems, but it
20

AMAZING STORIES %

did something no other machine had ever done. Given
irrelevant data it would choose the correct facts and
solve the problem. It was a step, a short step toward
a machine that really thought.

  Progress thereafter was rapid. The machines built
machines, had been doing it for decades in fact, but now
they did one thing more—they designed them. Now the
problem could describe the type of machine needed,
and the worker machine would design it, and turn out
the completed machine! But these machines were rapidly
perfecting the beginning that man had made. Within a
decade after that first discovery of the principles of
mechanical thought the machine was made that could
not only solve problems, but could also originate them.
They had developed a brain. It was a great machine,
which occupied an entire building, with its massive
framework bolted down to the ground.

  Man began a rapid decline, for the machines did all
his work. With the construction of a machine that could
originate a problem, man made a mistake. He had
created a machine that was more powerful than he,
except that it was immobile. And this machine originated
a new machine, a machine that would release the energy
of matter! It had developed this because it had been
able to see that such energy existed. Man’s machines
could have solved it long ago, but the problem had never
been stated. Now came a machine that could state its
own problems—and solve them.

  And with this new energy it designed a new brain
machine. A brain machine such as no man’s brain could
conceive—a machine that could move! For it was
powered by the energy of matter, and could move as no
other machine had ever moved before—out into space!

  Still the machines worked for the Sirian man, and he
learned of the new discovery, and began to design a
new brain machine.

  Some of the Sirians realized the danger that was fac-
ing them, and they had continued long researches on
man’s brain, and at last had discovered the secret of
giving a machine that emotion we call devotion, loyalty,
or gratitude. And they built a great machine on that
principle and used material energy to power it. It was
a success. It could think original thoughts. It pointed
out the danger of the existing machines — they were
stronger than man. It was only man’s mobility and
ability to control all mobile machines that had made him
superior, for a brain without a tool, or body is helpless.
And now that was lost. The existing brain-machines
should be destroyed, and new ones built, using the prin-
ciples that it was designed on.

  But the mischief was done. The new brain-machine,
designed by a machine, had done it. A machine had been
built that was controlled by thoughts, a machine that
could be controlled by the machines. Each of these ma-
chines was given a small brain, equipped with televisor
sight and hearing, and it was powered by material
energy. Jhey could run for years without outside care,
for the thinking machinery they had was sufficient to
keep them oiled, and to make them seek repairs when
they were damaged. They were susceptible to thought
forces, and did as the thought waves suggested and
reported to «the control brain exactly what was going
on about it.

  And now this new brain developed a space-flyer to
carry these machines, and man could not help knowing,
for its every thought was rec'orded, for man’s use. Then

one day this record was found destroyed. The next day
the brain machine had left the planet, and taken with
it the new space-flyer and the new telepathically con-
trolled machines.

  To the outermost planet of the System of Sirius the
great machine fled. For years it remained there waiting,
thinking. Then at last it called its worker machines into
action. A new machine grew up from the stores of
metal that the space ship had brought with it, at last the
metal was used up, and the machine was not completed,
so the space-flyer was sacrificed for the completion of
the machine. The new machine was started. From its
lip-like spout there poured a steady smooth stream of
molten metal, and the rock on which it rested was eaten
away. The first transmuting metal producer was made.

  Decades passed, and only a small percentage of man
developed. The rest sank deeper and deeper into a life
of ease. The planets were all explored by the hardy ones,
and no trace of the brain-machine was ever found, for
it had discovered the Dis fay, and sunk deep into the
ground, hollowing a great cave to live and work in.

BUT back on that planet, the scientists had developed
machines that surpassed it in power, and finally
one of these picked up a thought message from that
distant machine that told its story. It was a thought
that had not been consciously radiated, only the mar-
velous sensitivity of this new machine could have de-
tected it, but now the men knew. It was too late to do
much to prevent it, for they had no weapons. But the
machine did. It was preparing to drive man from the
planets, to rule there in his stead, with a population
of machines!

  The scientists quickly built a great space-flyer, a gigan-
tic machine of over ten miles diameter, a huge sphere.
And in that they established laboratories, workshops,
machines, and living quarters. They took with them the
finest men and women of their race, and sailed out into
space, taking an orbit about the sun of Sirius. They
were comfortable there in an equitable temperature,
their ship lighted by the sun on one side, and dark on the
other, steadily revolving on its axis like a miniature
world. The foods of the people were chemically pre-
pared, for the brain - machines had taught them how.
The air was repurified constantly by machines that regu-
lated the percentage of the gases to the thousandth of
one per cent. But the entire ship was painted black.
It could not be discovered floating there in space, so
tiny in the vastness of a system!

  It was two weeks after they sailed that the machine-
brain attacked. It sailed out of its hiding place with
thousands of great ships, armed with Dis rays and with
explosives, with heat rays and attractor beams. The
population of those worlds was wiped out in a week,
and the rule of the Metal Horde began.

  The original brain built other brain machines to direct
its affairs on other planets, and to do the work it did
not wish to do itself.

  For nearly a century those men lived in space, making
swift forays on a planet with a fleet of cargo ships, that
revolved about the main ship like satellites when they
were not being used. In these trips they would bring
back tons of rock, and leave most of it stored in the
ships, dumping them into the reservoir of the parent
ship when it was needed.

  Then a swift ship was developed. A ship that could
THE METAL HORDE

21

start and stop more quickly than any made before—a
ship with acceleration neutralizers. But the machine
brains of the Metal Horde never learned the secret.
With a small fleet of these, the men drove an attack at
the unprotected main brain machine. There were no
men known to live in the system. No other known
machine could move without the knowledge of that main
machine, but these could. They too had the Dis ray now,
and they destroyed the main brain machine. They were
lost in the ensuing fight, but that machine was destroyed.

  All the remaining machines were equally powerful.
Any one of them could have built a brain machine that
could easily conquer the others—but it too would have
to bow to its creator. They fought it out. The men had
known this would be the result.

  It was a war such as the system had never before seen.
Each force was equal, and could not ally itself with any
other, for the machines could not lie or state other than
their thoughts, and each wanted supreme power. They
developed new weapons, weapons whose strength lay
in their number. One by one the machine brains had
gone down to defeat, the men of that ship helping to
disturb the balance of forces by ever so little, yet always
enough to throw one side down to defeat, yet always
remaining in hiding. At last there remained but one
machine-brain, and its weakened force necessitated its
return to the devastated planet. With the destruction
of the other brain machines, the remaining machines
that they had previously controlled, automatically obeyed
the new master as perfectly as they did the old.

  They returned to find a new fleet awaiting them. But
it was not a vast fleet such as they had encountered be-
fore. At once the torpedo-ship machines settled to the
ground and began turning out their weapons. But it
was all over before they could enter as an important
factor. These ships had a new weapon. It was a ball of
glowing blue light that was driven along a beam of some
vibration, and as it touched any ship, the ship instantly
volatized so suddenly as to constitute an explosion. The
balls of light lasted about a minute and a half each, but
were replaced as quickly as they were used. When they
were finally used, they would die down to a dull red
glow, then suddenly wink out. They could be swept
from one ship to another, taking toll of ten or twelve
ships each, and the beam that guided them could drive
them with the speed of light and supply an infinite ac-
celeration. They were glowing balls of concentrated
energy of some sort, and as such could travel with the
speed of light.

  But they were effective to the nth degree. The entire
fleet of that one remaining brain machine would have
been lost, but it retired into space, racing away at top
speed, out into space, with the remaining remnant of its
great fleet.

  And sixteen hundred years it had raced across space,
to be destroyed at last by another race of men. The
battle was over, and the machine awaited its destruction.

  We rayed it out of existence. It was too great a
menace to keep.

   Some people still do not believe that those Sirians
were truly machines. They can not believe that a ma-
chine can have intelligence, but certainly Waterson’s cal-
culating machine has intelligence of a sort. And they
ask, what would a machine want to exist for ? It would
have no aim, nothing to perform. Why should it want
to live, or exist?

  We might ask what it is human beings want to live
for. If there is an after-life, it is certainly not that that
we live for. I am sure no man wants to die. Yet what
aim have we? What function must we perform? Why
should we wish to live? Our life is a constant struggle,
the machines, at least, had eliminated that. There seems
to me no reason why a machine should want to live, but
certainly it has less reason to pass out of existence than
we have!

  That war was destructive—terribly so. But it has
brought its compensations. More than fifteen million
human beings lost their lives in that great struggle, either
in the battles in space, or caught in the Dis rays during
that battle on Venus.

   But those fifteen millions have died a painless death,
and twenty billions live because of their sacrifice. And
it was not a vain sacrifice. We have learned much in
return. No machines man ever made equaled the ma-
chines we captured there on Mars. And man will never
experiment 011 the lines of the machine-brain. He has
been warned. The brain-machine we captured was de-'
stroyed without investigation. The machines we use,
the wonderful worker machines, have been modified to
permit of radio control.

   And Stephen Waterson’s discovery of the de-activat-
ing field not only helps in law enforcement, but makes
war with material energy impossible. No, in all, we have
lost little.

   Mars lost its cities, its forests, its ancient civilization.
New cities are being built on the modern plan, larger,
finer, more beautiful; the forests are being replaced; but
the records, the relics of a civilization have been lost
forever. In that we have lost much. Though all move-
able things were moved when the warning came, there
was much that could not be moved. The great palace
of Horlak San was destroyed, but it is being rebuilt in
the exact spot, in exactly the same manner. It is a
worth-while project, but there is much which cannot be
restored.

  It will be eleven more years before we will know
whether we can ever communicate with the Sirian men.
The speed of light is too low for rapid communication,
and as the first signals were sent out in September, 1961,
and it is now September, 1968, the signals are not due
to reach Sirius for two years more. Then it will be
1979 before we can hope to receive their reply. I often
wonder if they will ever get those signals. I can remem-
ber distinctly the recoil of the great projector as the
mighty surges of light flashed out across the universe.
It seemed like some great gun—the back pressure of the
light was so great. And what will those replies tell us?
It is interesting to speculate on that subject.

The End
emote

Control

By Walter Kateley

!Author of "The Fourteenth Earth,” “Steam Heat” tic.

                Illustrated by
                WESSO '

A MASSIVE steel
basket, much re-
sembling a greatly
enlarged freight
container of a gon-
dola railway car, pulled up be-
side the dock. It halted di-
rectly before where my friend,

Mr. Kingston, and I were
standing. Instinctively I looked
for a tow line, supposing that
the load was carried by a
barge, which on account of its
great burden was submerged.

I could see no tow line, and
no tug was in sight. My com-
panion saw my bewilderment.

  “You will be interested in
our new method of transporta-
tion,” he said, leading the way
to the edge of the wharf.

  I peered over into the water.

What was my surprise when,
instead of a submerged barge
I saw a great blue whale.

  “Is he real?” I asked with a gasp of astonishment.

  “Real? Of course he is real,” said my friend, with
a quiet laugh. “What is the good of knowing the great
secrets of Nature if we can’t make use of them?

  “These whales and the sharks,” he went on, “are carry-
ing the better part of our heavy stuff; the cement and the
building stone, for instance. Without them we would
be in a frightful mess of congestion. We should have
the whole channel full of freight boats, tugs and barges.
There wouldn’t be room for the craft to get around.
These servants of ours need only room enough to slide
through. They handle more material in one day than a
whole harbor full of boats could handle in a week. Be-
sides, it costs money to buy or build boats and barges.
And this old sulphur-bottom is nearly ninety feet long;
and we have sharks that are about fifty feet.

  “The unloaders are coming now. I shall have the
pleasure of showing you some real efficiency.”

  At that moment there issued from one of the avenues
between the great piles of materials the most motley gang
of dock wallopers that it had ever been my privilege to
see.

  First came some half dozen lively little apes, closely
followed by as many huge and fearsome visaged Afri-
can gorillas. These gorillas were flanked by two pow-

 rj^yHE empire of the ants is gen-
 erally and universally conceded
 to be the most perfect functioning
 organization known. What makes
 it possible for them to carry on their
 work without any apparent leader-
 ship or supervision? Mr. Kateley
 develops an original idea in a very
 ingenious manner—namely, the con-
 trol of intellects of animals and in-
 sects from a center of dissemination.
 Basing our assumptions on present-
 day findings, we can hardly say that
 the conception of “Remote Control"
 is impossible. We recommend this
 as an exceedingly interesting story,
 well worth your careful reading.

erful lumbering elephants.

  Without a moment’s hesi-
tation the monkeys swarmed
agilely over the newly arrived
cargo, and with movements of
incredible swiftness untied and
rolled up the tarpaulins that
covered the freight. It proved
to I>e a cargo of sacks of ce-
ment.

  By now the more powerful
but less agile gorillas were on
the load. They picked up the
huge bundles of tarred canvas
and tossed them easily to the
dock. Then they laid down
net slings, and began filling
them with bags of cement;
picking up and tossing the hun-
dred pound sacks as easily as
a man would so many bricks.

  “One of them is as strong as
ten or a dozen men,” remarked
Kingston as the first sling was
filled. “Now watch the big
boys do their stuff. Give them your careful attention.”
The two elephants stepped to the edge of the dock,
and extending their trunks, passed them through the
loops at the ends of the slings, which were held in readi-
ness by a couple of the little monkeys.

  They swung it aloft, dumped the sacks on the plat-
form with a heavy thud, and returned the empty sling
with a swiftness and precision that was astonishing.
Almost before I had time to realize what was going on,
the first load of perhaps a hundred tons was unloaded,
and another load was pulled in; the great whale sliding
swiftly away and giving place to another nearly as large.

  I stood looking at the whole performance, overcome
with amazement.

  “I can’t believe it,” I said at length. “There just
ain’t no such thing!”

  “Go to the ant, thou sluggard. Consider his ways and
be wise,” quoted Kingston.

  At that moment something under water a little way out
from the docks caught my eye. Soon I was able to make
out a long procession of whales and giant sharks. Al-
though they were quite submerged, I was able to see that
each was carrying a large container on his back loaded
with stone. Some had but a single block, while other
loads were made up of smaller pieces.

22
“Undoubtedly
that is the brain
and nerve center of
the whole colonyde-
clared Kingston.

  “We are using these rocks for masonry coffer dams,”
said Kingston. “You see, we are sinking several shafts,
in order to build the tunnel in sections. In this way we are
able to employ more of the large excavating machines;
and it is much easier to dispose of the debris out in the
Channel than it would be if it were all brought up at the
two coastlines.

  “You see, we are very fortunately located here for the
securing of building materials. The Cornish coast, just
up the Channel, affords an inexhaustible supply of the
best granite rock; and the cement works, just over yonder
at Portland, furnish the best grade of cement right at
tidewater. The stone can be transported under water
with a minimum of effort; for its weight when sub-
merged is considerably reduced.

  “Then again, these carriers can place a rock in a sub-
merged position, exactly where it is wanted, without the
work of an additional handling. The method is proving
both swift and economical.”

1HAD thought that I knew Kingston and his work;
but all this had me floundering beyond my depth.
Midway between incredulity and amazed curiosity, I
managed to ask:

  “But—but where are the bosses for the monkeys and
the supervisors for the whales ?”

  “Oh, we have established offices in London,” he ex-
plained. “This is all carried on through a system of
television, and of remote control.

  “You see, there were no buildings in Dover or any-
where along the English Channel large enough to house
our office force and necessary equipment.

  “You must know that this England-to-France tube is
by far the largest engineering feat ever undertaken. It
requires very many clerical and other workers.

  “The only people we have here are the material
checkers. They take care of receiving and reshippin^
such stuff as you see here on the wharf. Come, I wifi
show you one of their booths.”

 23
24

AMAZING STORIES

  So saying, he led me to a little glassed-in office. Here
we found two men seated at desks, but apparently idle,
but in reality their attention was fixed on a number of
typing and computating machines on the opposite side
of the room.

  The machines were being operated at lightning speed,
not by lady typists, as one might expect, but by bushy-
tailed gray squirrels!

  “Did you ever see a squirrel operating a revolving
wheel in a cage ?” asked Kingston. “Well, that’s where
I got my idea that they would make good stenographers.
I believe they can move at least twenty times more quickly
than a human being.”

  I could readily believe that such was the case; for one
of the little creatures was mounted on the keyboard of
a comptometer, operating the keys with all four feet.
He was working with a frenzy of almost imperceptibly
quick movements, so that one could scarcely believe there
was any intelligent system to his performance.

  Another was operating a quivering typewriter with
equal swiftness.

  “Do you mean to tell me that these squirrels know
what keys they are stepping on ?” I asked.

  “Well, no; they don’t exactly know what they are
doing, any more than your hands know what they are
doing when they comb your hair. Their little minds—
such as they are—are crowded aside by the will of the
director.

  “This state of efficiency, however, is arrived at only
after a great deal of practice. The director must educate
the muscles of his squirrel, just as a human operator must
educate the muscles of his hands.

  “I don’t suppose they will ever know that they are
doing their part in building a thousand-foot tunnel,
nearly twenty miles long. And they may see you, but
they will probably never know that you are the discoverer
of the great principle that has rendered all this possible.”
And he slapped me affectionately on the back.

  “What I have done is nothing compared with what
you are accomplishing,” I replied.

  “And even that little was only an accident,” I con-
tinued reminiscently.

  And indeed such was the case.

  What he had in mind had all happened some four
years before.

  I had been employed for a number of years—in fact I
still am—in the Patent Office in Washington.

  I had known Kingston more or less intimately for
some time. In fact I had accompanied him only the year
before on a most extraordinary expedition—an expedi-
tion that had led to some extremely interesting and im-
portant discoveries.

  At that time he was an amateur scientist; employed as
a designer of excavating machinery in a large manu-
facturing plant. To say he was an amateur in science is
probably doing him something of an injustice; for I
fully believe that even then he had a deeper insight into
the physical properties of all matter than any other man
I have ever been privileged to meet.

  He had already perfected some experiments pertaining
to atomic densities, that were destined to have almost
revolutionary effects in the realm of physics.

  His was a personality such as made one instinctively
feel that he was in the presence of a great mind; and in
addition I had found him to be a most companionable and
genial spirit.

I HAVE long been something of an amateur scientist
myself; not that I have any great store of scientific
knowledge, or have ever accomplished much of a scien-
tific nature; but I have always been keenly interested in
the unseen forces that rule the everyday world. In fact,
my interest in scientific matters has always far outrun
my ability to investigate.

  I have a month’s vacation every year, and I usually
spend the major portion of it rusticating on the old farm
in Minnesota where I was born. Here I have quiet
and leisure for studying any phenomenon of Nature that
for the moment has enlisted my attention. For a few
weeks I am a geologist, a zoologist, or perhaps an ento-
mologist; browsing among the secrets of nature.

  The old homestead has a small creek with a good fish
pond. The pond and the riffles are teeming in summer
with all manner of interesting aquatic life. Here too is
a large gravel pit, replete with fossilized remains of pre-
historic formations. And the old grove and fields abound
with a wealth of insect life.

  So with my hooks of reference, my microscope and a
few other pieces of paraphernalia, I usually put in my
time enjoyably and not altogether unprofitably.

  At the time of which I write, I was especially inter-
ested in ants; their anatomy, building habits, social
customs and what not. I had even gone so far as to
establish a colony of the little creatures in a glassed-in
formicary in the library-living room of my town lodgings,
where I could have them under daily observation. This
year I was looking forward to my month at the old
homestead with pleasant anticipation, for I felt sure op-
portunities for ant study would be abundant.

   Shortly before vacation time, however, I received a let-
ter from Kingston; saying among other things that he was
going to have a long vacation while his company were
remodelling and installing new machinery in some of the
buildings of the plant. I lost no time in inviting him to
join me at the old farm, where we could fish and rest, or
together chase our favorite phantoms and I mentioned
in my letter that I intended to give considerable time to
the ants.

  He replied promptly, saying he would take great
pleasure in helping me catch my favorite ant; and asking
permission to bring with him a few articles of laboratory
equipment, in order to carry out some experiments which
he had in mind.

  A fortnight later we were sitting on the bank of the
old fish pond in the bend of the creek; fishing for young
pickerel and scanning the water with a pair of short
range binoculars in quest of strange forms of aquatic
life. Behind us was the old gravel pit, where we had
spent a part of the morning examining some ancient sea
shells that evidently had been preserved in the sand since
pre-glacial times, when this particular area must have
been submerged beneath salt water.

  “How about your ants?” asked Kingston. “I hope you
are not forgetting them in your zeal to entertain me.”

   “Oh, no,” I replied. “I shall not forget them; in fact I
brought these glasses all the way from Washington for
the express purpose of studying the creatures.

  “I plan to go up on the hill back of the sand pit to
look for a formicary this afternoon. There used to be
several of them there in the edge of the little grove. You
know they like to build on high, sandy soil. I plan to arm
my forces with a spade, the high-power microscope and
these binocularsPand march upon the formicidfe.”
REMOTE CONTROL

25

   "Yes,” rejoined my friend very gravely, "Caisar said
 that conquests were more often won by the spade than by
 the sword.”

   “But to me the matter of impedimenta seems of equal
 importance. You know Napoleon said, ‘an army travels
 on its belly.’ Or was it stomach? Well, anyway I be-
 lieve leading strategists are agreed that no one ought to
 risk an engagement with any of the tribes of Hymenop-
 tera without a copious supply of lacteal fluid, rich in
 casein and lactic acid.”

   So saying he took the thermos bottle from the basket
 and drank generously. He was a great buttermilk hound.
 And now, while he was on the farm where all dairy pro-
 ducts were plentiful, he was making the most of his op-
 portunities.

   “A valuable suggestion,” I agreed. “No doubt the
 boys will be back from the creamery when we go down to
 the house for lunch, and we will load the old demijohn
 with a fresh, cool supply.”

   AND so that afternoon we took our basket, loaded
JL\ with the glasses, a few smaller instruments, a bottle
of cedar oil for the oil-immersion lens, together with
Kingston’s beloved buttermilk bottle, and hopefully
climbed the little hill that flanked the gravel-pit. Here, as
I had expected, we found a couple of very populous
formicaries, and chose one close to the shade of a small
maple tree for our investigations. This nest seemed to be
very nearly, if not quite, on the spot where I had known
one to be fully twenty years before, when I was a small
boy.

   I am inclined to believe that the colony had occupied
 the same quarters for at least two decades, and possibly
 much longer. The mound was about two feet in diam-
 eter and perhaps ten or twelve inches high. It was made
 up largely of small twigs and straws, pebbles, etc. The
 ants were quite large, with red thorax and dark, almost
 black, abdomen. The female or working ants varied
 quite extensively as to size and strength of mandibles.

   We identified the tenants of this domain as belonging
 to the group Lasiiis Niger, variety Americanus.

   Upon examination we found the workers busy at their
 multifarious occupations. They were carrying in frag-
 ments of insects and other articles of food; bringing out
 rubbish and carrying their little aphids—ants’ cows—to
 and from the pasture grounds. The nurse ants were
 bringing their charges, the grubs and Iarvse, out for an
 afternoon airing.

   In fact all was orderly commotion.

   While we watched, a group of workers appeared at the
 edge of the mound, bringing in a twig several inches
 long. There were more than a dozen of them at this job,
 and their performance revealed perfect teamwork.

   We were anxious to see something of the substructure
 of the formicary, so we decided to start an excavation,
 by digging a hole some five feet deep, at a distance of
 several feet from the mound.

   This we lengthened in the direction of the ants’ habi-
 tation, in order to reveal a vertical section of the works
 without too greatly disturbing the inhabitants or injuring
 their home. As we approached the vicinity of the sub-
 structure, carefully shaving the soil away in vertical
 slices, we came upon the quarters of a colony of minute
 red ants, whom we at once recognized as robbers. The
 little creatures were no doubt preying on their much
 larger neighbors, and living largely off stolen food.

   We soon found that the rooms and galleries of the red
 ants were connected by tiny tunnels with those of the
 larger formicary, and that these tunnels were too small
 for the larger ants to enter through. Such an arrange-
 ment rendered it possible for the little marauders to slip
 into their victims’ quarters and snatch anything small
 enough to carry away and duck back to safety with it.

   At length we came upon the rooms and galleries of the
 large ants, and found them busy with their household
 duties.

   Some were taking care of the eggs and young. Many
 were engaged in carefully cleaning themselves and one
 another; busily brushing and licking every part of their
 bodies. Some were at work excavating new chambers
 and galleries; while others carried the loose soil away.
 Here again we witnessed perfect teamwork and co-
 operation.

   We found that their workings extended even below the
 bottom of our five-foot excavation. Owing to the fact
 that it was a very warm afternoon, we soon lost en-
 thusiasm for digging any deeper, and lay down in the
 shade to discuss what we had seen.

   "They are very clever little creatures, aren’t they?”
 remarked my companion.

 - “I hardly know whether they have intelligence or not,”

 I replied.

   “Some naturalists claim that all that they do is ac-
 complished by instinct alone: that every movement is a
 reaction to some sensory stimulus; and that their be-
 havior is controlled by something more deeply seated than
 intelligence. This something is inseparable from the
 fundamental life processes.”

   I took out The Field Book of Insects, by my favorite
 authority, Frank E. Lutze, Ph.D., and read as follows
 from his discussion of the anatomy of insects:

     ‘‘The central nervous system is a double longi-
   tudinal series, connected one with another by cords.
   There is no brain, strictly speaking; for the ganglia
   in the thorax seem to be about as important as those
   in the head. Nerves run from each ganglion to
   near by parts of the body.”

   “Now if there is no brain,” I argued, "how could there
 be any intelligence?”

   “I can’t say anything about the brain part,” Kingston
 countered, “but you must admit there are evidences of in-
 telligence. You saw how they all lifted at the same time
 on that long twig? You see how workmanlike they are
 in their excavating—each doing his part and doing it
 correctly. We know that their arrangements of passages
 and galleries are not haphazard, for each variety has its
 own characteristic plan of home architecture. The dif-
 ferent groups are as easily identified by their building
 methods as by their physical characteristics.

   “It certainly requires intelligence to build such a
 complicated system of compartments and tunnels, all
 according to a preconceived plan; especially since they
 have no blueprints to go by.”

   “On the contrary,” I persisted, "the fact that they al-
 ways follow a general plan, and that each seems to take
 little or no notice of what his fellows are doing, only goes
 to convince me that they are not intelligent.

 “TN the first place, the worker ant only lives a few
 i- months; passing all her life in a single formicary.
 We have no reason to believe that she ever studies the
 inside of any other establishment. Then how could she,
26

AMAZING STORIES

 no matter how intelligent, learn the plan and details of
 a home ? She is able to do her part in building as soon
 as she is fully developed.

   “Then again, in all the public works, in all the engineer-
ing projects carried on, no one has ever been able to dis-
cover anything remotely resembling supervision. There
is no master builder, planning and coordinating the work.
Now suppose a group of men were about to erect a
building. Would it be possible for each one to do as he
individually saw fit, without regard to orders from any-
body? There would naturally be too many doing one
thing, and nobody doing another. There would be too
much studding and not enough rafters, or vice versa.
No one would think of determining where the doors and
windows should be, and in fact, with no one to direct and
coordinate the work, it is obvious that however intelligent
the individual workmen might be, no appreciable pro-
gress could be made. All would be confusion, as it was
at the Tower of Babel.

   “Yet among the ants, all is orderly and efficient.”

   “Surely you would not say that ants have intelligence
superior to that of human beings, or that individual hu-
mans could not exercise as much judgment as individual
ants could!” I countered.

   “Well,” said Kingston, “if they have no leader, how
do they know who is to go for food, who is to make tun-
nels, and who is to care for the young, or the hundred and
one other things that ants do? You say there are no
foremen and no directors; but how do you know that ?

   “Now look at these workers bringing this twig. Here
is a large one struggling along on this side near the front.
Let us suppose that she may be the forelady. We might
easily imagine her giving directions as she works.

   “ ‘Gladys, you are a little too far back. Come for-
ward a couple of paces, and catch hold just behind Mary
Jane. Now lift the front end over that stone. Right up
high with it!

   “ ‘And you on the back, let your end down, so it will
slide along on the top of the stone.

   “ ‘Now Sarah and Elizabeth, come here and give me a
lift. Remember, when we come to that weed stalk, you
girls up there in front want to go to the right side of it,
not to the left!

   “ ‘Now we will let it rest a moment until Evelyn’s
gang get out of the way with that old log. That gang
makes me sick. They dodge around that timber like a
bunch of old maid grasshoppers and then when they do
get home with one piece, it usually takes them all the rest
of the afternoon to manicure their antennce’!”

   “Highly amusing,” I laughed, “but hardly scientific.”

   “Of course you know,” he went on, “we can’t hope to
hear all this; for our great flapping ears are not attuned
to the wave lengths that serve to carry their little voices.
But I strongly suspect that if we had sufficiently strong
magnifiers we could hear their communications, although
of course we would not be able to understand their lan-
guage.”

   He lit his pipe and went on: “Hearing and sight are
very peculiar things; things that as yet we know little
about.

  “We have made some progress in these matters in
recent years, progress in the way of X-rays, telescopes,
microscopes and radio; in fact, we have gone just far
enough to reveal how great is the field, and how little of
it we know. I suspect that we are merely on the border-
land of the possibilities still beyond. And then it is just

possible that ants and other insects have an additional
sense, apart from the five that we possess. It might be
somewhat akin to hearing, to sight or to the sense of
touch. But since we do not have it, we cannot name it,
neither can we have any conception of its nature.

   “If all people were blind, and had always been blind,
no one could possibly know anything about sight. There
would be no name for such an experience, and no one
would be able to discover it in the animals.

   “Sight is such a marvelous, such a complicated thing,
that no stretch of the imagination could have conjured
up such a faculty, had it not been known in human ex-
perience.

   “It may be that throughout their entire bodies insects
are sensitive to certain vibrations: vibrations associated
with wave lengths we know nothing of.

  “We know that light, sound, heat and other natural
phenomena have characteristic wave lengths. We know
that some of these waves are very long, some very short,
and some are of intermediate length. We have been
able to segregate a little group of them here and there
for purposes of identification, and some of them we can
measure very accurately. We know the length of those
we sense as color, and those which we utilize in radio,
etc. But there are wide gaps between the known groups;
presumably filled with waves the uses of which we have
yet to discover.

   “I might illustrate the thought in this way. Suppose
we draw a line through San Francisco, Chicago, Cleve-
land and New York. It so happens that they are exactly
in a straight line; and suppose that only those parts of
the line within the narrow limits of the four cities was
known, and the long stretches between were unex-
plored wilderness. This would be a fair representation
of our knowledge of vibrations and wave lengths.

   “In all probability there are many longer waves—far
longer than the longest we know; perhaps hundreds or
thousands of times as long. In fact their limits may be
circumscribed only by the inconceivable reaches of space
itself. And at the end of the scale beyond the short
wave lengths there may be countless gradations of shorter
and shorter lengths.

   “There is, of course, a limit to the shortness of a
space that the human mind can conceive of, but there is
perhaps no limit to the shortness of a space that Nature
can divide. And the possibilities of different forces at
work, employing different wave lengths, are absolutely
boundless.

   “So I say it is quite conceivable that an insect might
have a hundred distinct senses, instead of only two or
three, or five, as we have. And I believe I am justified in
thinking that the mere fact that we cannot see an ant
acting as foreman and directing the work, is no sign that
such directing is not being done.”

   “Yes,” I admitted, “that is a possible explanation. But
I have a somewhat different theory; although as yet it is
only a theory. My conception is that a single ant is not
an entire individual. In other words, these units that we
see are not the entire entity, but only parts of a larger
animal, other parts of which escape our notice.

“■pERHAPS I can explain by using the following il-

   1 lustration. Suppose in the case of a hundred-legged
worm, the common centipede, that we were able to see
only the legs and the feet and the body were completely
invisible. We would then have two rows of feet and legs
REMOTE CONTROL

27

going along, all nearly alike and all keeping in line, all
inarching at the same speed and at uniform distances
apart. If one line should turn, the other would turn
also. There would appear to be perfect cooperation and
teamwork.

  "Because we could see no connection between them,
we might suppose that each was a complete animal, and
that each was intelligent and highly efficient as a marcher;
and we would naturally wonder how the general move-
ments of the whole group were directed. Or, to put it in
another light. Suppose there were a race of beings so
constituted that they could not see our bodies, but only
our hands.

   “They would be interested in watching our hands do-
ing all manner of things; writing, using tools, operating
machines and so on. They would naturally suppose that
our hands were possessed of intelligence; yet upon ex-
amination, no brain could be found. Then suppose we
had a dozen hands; a hundred; or even as many as an ant
hill has ants. All these hands might be at work with
seeming intelligence, and no particular hand would ap-
pear to be directing the others as to what to do, or how
to do it.

   “Of course I know you might find objections to this
analogy, as applied to the ants. You may say that each
ant has its own organs, such as digestive apparatus, sight
and smell. And I might answer: so does every part of
an amaba have its own organs, or rather the functions
of organs. Each part digests the food with which it
comes in contact. The parts move and react to stimuli,
although there is no brain and no nerves or sense organs,
as we know them.

  “Then again, our own hands have certain sense or-
gans, such as the sense of touch, sensitiveness to heat
and cold, etc. I see no reason, therefore, why Nature
could not add other senses, such as sight and taste; in
fact, all the senses we know and others that we know not.
So perhaps these ants that we see are only a great many
operating parts of one animal. As we have hands, fish
have fins; an octopus has tentacles; and so this thing has
ants.”

  “Yes, yes, go on,” said Kingston whimsically. “You
are making my world larger every moment. Let me see
the rest of your strange beastie.”

   “Well, I hardly know if I can do that,” I admitted.
“You know vision has its limitations. There may be
nerves, or substitutes for nerves, right before your eyes,
passing from each ant to some central location; but you
cannot see them. Let us consider a nerve. It is a little
string of white, fatty substance, extending from the
brain as a ganglion to some portion of the body. When
a message passes along this substance, we do not know
what is really happening. Apparently there is no move-
ment of the nerve substance, and no change in its compo-
sition. So we are led to believe that the nerve itself has
no intelligence nor mechanical energy; and that it only
acts as a passive medium on which the message travels.

WE do not know what a nerve message really is.
To our senses it has no tangible form or sub-
stance; but our reason dictates that it is a movement of
some kind of energy, perhaps a series of vibrations of
some sort; possibly akin to light, heat or electricity. And
the human brain, knowing far more than we know, is
able to interpret these vibrations in terms of sight, smell,
touch, etc. Or, if the vibrations originate in the brain,

some organs in the muscles—organs which we have yet to
discover—have power to translate them in terms of
motion. I think that so far my hypothesis is altogether
reasonable, is it not ?’’ I asked.

  “Yes, I can agree to all that,” my friend rejoined;
“go on.”

  “Well,” I continued, “sometimes we send messages—
such as telephone messages—on a wire; and sometimes
we dispense with the wire. We just give the words a
little impulse by the help of some electrical apparatus,
and let them find their own conductor. And they go all
right. We cannot see them as they travel on; but when
they arrive at their destination, perhaps thousands of
miles away, they reveal themselves to human conscious-
ness fully as well as when sent by wire.

  “In fact we are already commencing to think of writing
as a somewhat superannuated and archaic method of
communication.

  “It is within the province of reason to suppose that
while Nature can and does send messages over nerves,
as we send them over wire, she can also dispense with
that little line of fatty matter as readily as we can dispense
with the copper wire, and send messages as we send them
over or through or by some medium that is imperceptible
to human senses.

  “We often hear of some instance that would tend to
justify this belief.

  “I remember when I was a small boy I heard my uncle
tell how he met with an accident while operating a well-
drilling machine. Something sharp struck his right
hand with such force that it passed through his leather
glove and completely severed his little finger at the
second joint.

  "Realizing that his hand was badly injured, he im-
mediately started for the doctor’s house. (It so hap-
pened that the doctor lived close by.)

  “He removed the remains of his tattered glove as he
went, and in so doing let the severed portion of his
finger fall to the ground. Paying no attention to this
incident, he hurried on to the doctor who dressed the
wound.

  “This happened in the winter; and soon my uncle
commenced to experience the feeling that the missing
finger was cold. But since there was really no finger
there to get cold, he tried to ignore the feeling.

  Presently the weather became more severe and the.
pain increased. At length he decided to find the severed
member, and put it in a warm place. This he was able
to do after a somewhat prolonged search, and promptly
the distress was relieved.

  “I might relate a number of similar instances, and
maybe you know of some yourself.

  “But the point is that our nervous system may not
have to use a continuous, tangible nerve to register
feeling.”

  “Let's take a drink,” said Kingston. He turned to the
basket for his bottle.

  “What happened here?” he exclaimed. “The cork is
out of the thermos, and the little oil bottle is broken.
Everything is in a mess!”

  “I hope your buttermilk isn’t all wasted,” I said. “I
suppose I must have hit the basket with the spade when
I was digging.”

  "Oh, I guess there is not much gone,” he replied, ex-
amining the bottle and taking a drink.
28

AMAZING STORIES

I HASTENED to take the microscope and binocu-
lars out of the mixture of cedar oil and buttermilk in
the bottom of the basket.

   I laid the glasses aside, meaning to wipe them dry
after attending to the basket. But we fell into further
discussion, and I forgot them.

   Half an hour later, perhaps, I had occasion to use the
binoculars to examine some detail of the formicary. As
the lenses came into proper focus, I noticed a small
blotch of slight cloudiness on one of the glasses. I at
once thought of the spilt oil and buttermilk, and was on
the point of interrupting my observations to wipe the in-
strument, when something quite unusual caught my eye.

   It was a tiny gleam of brilliant color, which lay just
beside a medium-sized worker ant. As the ant moved
along, the particles of color moved with it.

   My first thought was that she was carrying something
that reflected the sunlight. Yet this seemed impossible;
for the bright spot appeared to be about midway along
the thorax. As the worker mounted a little rise, the area
lengthened and became a thin thread of silvery, shimmer-
ing blue. Then this thread lengthened and shortened as
she moved on. Another ant moved into the clouded area;
and immediately I discovered that she also was ac-
companied by a similar fragment of color.

   By this time my curiosity was thoroughly aroused. I
focused on other ants, and found them all accompanied
by the same phenomenon. And to my ever-increasing
surprise, I found that in some cases this line of brilliance
was very long. In one instance, where a small worker
was mounted on a twig, the strange glimmer was fully
two inches long. It was like a ray of some peculiar kind
of light.

   I now noted that from all the workers within my ob-
servation the color line extended in approximately the
same direction; that is, toward the center of the formi-
cary, regardless of which way the ant was facing.

   As I was puzzling over this, Kingston’s voice broke in
on my consciousness. He had noticed how intent I was
on the spectacle, and had no doubt detected a look of
astonishment on my face.

   “What is it?” he said. “Are you seeing a ghost?”

   “I hardly know what it is,” I replied in my bewilder-
ment.

   I handed him the glasses. “Look at the ants through
the clouded spot in the right lens,” I directed.

   He held the glasses to his eyes. I watched him with

interest.	.

   For a moment the binoculars were stationary. Then
I saw that he was moving his line of vision from place
to place. Evidently he was transferring his attention
from ant to ant, just as I had done.

   “What do you make of it, Watson?” I asked.

   He did not answer. Very soon he focused the glasses
on the opposite side of the ant-hill for a few moments.
Then he picked up a twig from the top of the mound and
held it before him. He noted that several of the inhabi-
tants clung to the twig. At length he lowered the glasses

and turned on me.

   “What can it be?” I said, hoping that he might have

some explanation.

   He stared at me as if unable to comprehend my ques-

tion.	. .

   “Why, my God, man, what do you suppose it is? he
asked as if entirely out of patience with my density.
“What were you just talking about?”

  And then with an abrupt change of manner, he ex-
 tended his hand.

  “My dear fellow,” he said, “I want to congratulate
 you on having made the greatest discovery in zoology of
 the twentieth century! It is, beyond question, the nerve
 system of the ant colony!”

  “But why,” I said incredulously, “has no one ever
 seen it before?”

  My companion was examining the spot on the lens.

   “I suppose,” he replied, “that no naturalist has ever
 before had the good fortune to spill just the exactly cor-
 rect mixture of cedar oil and buttermilk on his lens.
 We must preserve this dried film with the utmost care.”

AGAIN we took up the examination. We found a
worker several feet from the mound, and had no
trouble in discovering the bright line and tracing it from
her all the way to the side of the ant hill.

   Then we thrust the point of the spade into the formi-
 cary, and took up a mass of the building material covered
 and filled with ants.

  Holding this above the mound and focusing the
glasses on a point below it, we beheld innumerable lines
of brilliance extending to the formicary.

   It resembled a wonderfully illuminated waterfall.

   “I have no doubt that the queen ant is' the center of
 this marvelous system,” I announced. “We ought to
 continue our excavations until we find her.”

   “It might be quite a long job,” said my friend. “The
 sun is getting low, and that bank of clouds will soon ob-
 scure it. So maybe we had better wait until morning.”

   “I am afraid to put it off,” I replied with some im-
 patience, “because it may be that, when this film on the
 glasses dries a little more, it will lose this marvelous
 quality. And then we might never know the origin of
 the lines. We might never be able to hit upon just the
 right combination.”

 “Yes, you may be right about that,” he admitted; “and
 in that case we had better go on as far as we can tonight.”
 So I hastily started digging again; shaving the vertical
 layers of the formicary, stopping every now and then
 while Kingston examined the direction of the lines.

   But very soon the sun’s rays commenced to lose their
 brilliance; the lines became increasingly hard to detect
 and follow.

  So we decided to call it a day and go home. That
 evening we determined to treat some panes of glass with
 cedar oil and buttermilk, to see if by any chance they
 would give the same effect as the lens. We cleaned a
 dozen or more photographic dry-plates, and covered them
 with a thin film of cedar oil and buttermilk mixed in
 varying proportions.

   These we set aside to dry. Then we treated the other
 lens of the binoculars with a mixture that we hoped
 would be effective.

   The next day proved to be rainy; but during the day
 there occurred several short periods of sunshine between
 showers. We took advantage of these short periods to
 test our treated glasses.

  We soon found that none of the plates gave any re-
 sults. Neither did the newly covered lens; but we were
 gratified to find that the original clouded one still re-
 tained its magic quality. It was evident that we had not
 hit upon the proper proportion of oil and buttermilk.
 The lens seemed to be too opaque. This was presumably
 due to too great a proportion of buttermilk.
REMOTE CONTROL

29

  We hastily prepared a more attenuated mixture, and
replaced the old coating. During a later period of sun-
shine, we found that this new film gave perceptible re-
sults, but was far from satisfactory.

  After several trials, with varying proportions, we
finally arrived at one containing only a trace of butter-
milk.

  By this time the sun was so low that we had no
further opportunity to test our work, and so were
obliged to postpone further experiment until the follow-
ing day.

  Fortunately the morning was clear and light. We
were at the formicary bright and early. To our great
delight we found that our newly treated lens was a suc-
cess. In fact it was quite as clear as the old one, and of
course afforded a much larger field of vision, so that now
we were able to observe a large group of ants at one
time. When a large number were lifted from the formi-
cary en masse, it gave a very beautiful effect. The bril-
liant lines were so close together that in some cases the
eye could not separate them; but they never seemed to
cross.

  By manipulating several groups in the air at one time,
we provided some very striking effects. We were so
entranced with the brilliance and beauty of the spectacle
that it was only with the greatest reluctance that we at
length forced ourselves to go to work.

  We now continued our excavation; one watching the
direction of the lines from near by ants, while the other
removed the soil and deposits of the formicary.

  Upon arriving at a point near the center of the mound,
and two or three inches above the surrounding surface
soil, we came upon a locality where all lines seemed to
converge. But to our surprise there was no queen ant
present. In fact there seemed to be only a deposit of ant
eggs in an exceptionally large cell. Using the low power
lens of the microscope, we discovered that there was in-
deed a very minute basket-like arrangement, apparently
composed of silken fibre such as that from which the ant
grubs spin their cocoons.

  Switching to the 444 lens, we were able to make out
that the little container was filled with an almost trans-
parent liquid.

ALTHOUGH we investigated carefully, we could see
nothing further, and upon segregating the tiny
basket-like object and moving it about, we discovered that
the convergence of the bright lines moved with it, follow-
ing it from place to place.

  Apparently there was nothing to do but try the oil im-
mersion lens. Yet we hesitated, because we feared that
the oil to be used might prove fatal to the animal matter,
in case there really was a living creature present.

  After some discussion, we decided to carry on. I
brought a large flat stone, on which we carefully mounted
our microscope and an auxiliary light condenser. Then
with the tiny basket mounted on a crystal slide, we com-
menced our examination. I knew that Kingston was a
very accomplished microscopist, and I permitted him to
take charge of the work.

  For some time his efforts were unsuccessful. But at
length he announced. “I believe I have it.”

  A moment later he affirmed emphatically. “Yes, here
it is, sure enough. And it’s alive,” he added presently.
Needless to say I was all agog, and impatient to have a
look; and my companion soon gave his place to me.

  Immediately there appeared before my vision a very
minute but quite distinct object. It resembled an im-
perfectly formed brain. It was palpitating slightly; and
as I gazed spellbound, it moved perceptibly with an
amoeba-like motion.

  Apparently it was suspended somewhat below the sur-
face of the crystal-clear liquid in which it was immersed.

  “Undoubtedly that is the brain and nerve center of the
whole colony,” declared Kingston. “I have no doubt that
it is hatched from a special kind of egg; and that it
draws its nourishment from this bath in which it is
immersed, after the manner of an amoeba.”

  “Probably the ants deposit predigested food substances
in the bath. There regurgitated foods may be prepared
and concentrated in the digestive tracts of especially
adapted workers. Or it may be that the queen herself
performs this as a royal duty.”

  “I doubt very much if it comes from an egg,” went on
Kingston. “I think it is more likely in the nature of an
amoeba. That is to say, its method of reproduction is by
division, and like an amoeba, its life is eternal, except in
case of destruction from outward sources. Perhaps after
a subdivision of the organism the superfluous brain is
carried away by a young queen, about to institute another
colony; in the same manner as a young queen often flies
away with a number of small wingless workers, or a
fragment of fungus culture with which to start a new
establishment.”

  “Be that as it may,” I replied, “I think we can safely
say that this is the animal itself, possessed of brain
power and intelligence; and that what we call ants are
only its multitudinous appendages; the queen being in
reality only its reproductive organ.”

  “The various parts of its anatomy are not connected
one with another by organic tissues. But they arc con-
nected and coordinated into one complete entity by this
marvelous and beautiful system of nerves; this network
of lines of force.”

  “This is indeed a great discovery,” said Kingston im-
pressively. “And I foresee that it is sure to have far-
reaching results.”

  After a moment he went on. “If we could only
discover what this nerve energy is, and determine the
wave length of its vibrations, we could apply the force to
all animals. We could revolutionize all industry!”

   I will not dwell on the account of our further investiga-
tions. Suffice it to say that we returned to our respective
employments after vacation; and I spent my spare time in
preparing a report to submit to the entomological society.
I prepared it with much care and elaboration; for I was
convinced that it would create a furor when it came to
the notice of the scientific world.

MEANWHILE, as his letters revealed, my colleague
was busy in his little home laboratory, trying to
analyze this peculiar nerve force that could travel through
space.

   One day I received a letter full of jubilation.

  “I find,” he wrote, “that it is not far different from
light; its wave length is not a great deal shorter than
those at the violet end of the spectrum.”

  He went on to say that he was trying to produce an
apparatus that would generate this force. He also sug-
gested that we give a name to this new found entity, in
order to distinguish it from light, electricity, etc., and
aptly suggested the name “Formicidary Rays.”
30

AMAZING STORIES

  'A still later letter adyised me that he had succeeded in
producing a generator that was something like a cross
between a dry battery and an X-ray machine, and that he
was now able to produce visible lines of formicidary rays
at will.

  I asked for a few days’ leave of absence and took a
hurried trip to his home, where I found him hard at work
in his laboratory.

  “I have asked the company for three months off,” he
explained, “and they have retaliated by electing me to the
position of third vice-president. As yet, the third vice-
president has no duties prescribed, so I am at leisure and
entirely at your service.”

  He showed me his new apparatus, and proceeded to
demonstrate it.

  “For this work, I have been able to expose one of my
nerves,” he explained as he unwrapped a finger that I had
noticed was bandaged. He displayed an incision in the
flesh that revealed a small silvery white line, easily dis-
cernible with the pocket lens.

  He immersed his finger in a transparent bath contained
in his apparatus.

  “I know this is a very crude method of connecting
up,” he observed; “but I have no doubt I shall be able to
get away from it when I have had time to perfect the
details.”

  “Here, you see, is my subject,” whereupon he picked
up a small glass box containing an ant; at the same time
he operated a number of controls of his mechanism.

  “Now, take the glass and watch for the nerve line,” he
directed.

  I did so; and immediately saw that the line was estab-
lished, extending from the ant toward the operator.

  “You see, I am using my own brain for sending,” he
explained. “You will perceive that my subject is eating
a bit of honey. Such reflex actions can be carried on
without intelligent direction. But now watch what she
does. I am going to direct her to go and get that
straw.”

  A small fragment of straw was lying some distance be-
hind the ant. At once the ant ceased eating, and ab-
ruptly turning round, picked up the straw and made off
with it.

  “That will do, Sarah,” said Kingston with a chuckle.

  The ant dropped the straw and went back to the honey.

  “What do you think of that?” asked my host.

  *‘I think you are a wizard,” I replied hastily.

  “No, I am not,” he said; “I am only an amateur scient-
ist. Next time you come I will have a guinea pig perform
for you.”

  “I’m willing to believe anything now,” I said. “I am
fully prepared to see anything happen. But tell me; why
do you think you can apply this to animals also ?”

  “I have reason to believe,” he answered, “that a like
force actuates the nervous system of all animals. The
only difference between the ants and the others is that
the ants have a specialized sending apparatus—broadcast-
ing mechanism if you will—that causes the message to
travel on nerves where there are nerve fibres, and in

6pace where the nerves are lacking; whereas the others
are possessed of an apparatus that sends over nerve
fibres only.

  “Now if we can find a way to convey messages to the
nerve centers and ganglia of an animal in such a way that
they will come in stronger than those from the animals’
own brain, we can control the actions of the animals’
body.

  “Suppose a dog is standing with one foot raised off
the ground. There will be messages coming from the
motive part of the brain to the ganglion and nerve center
through which the nerves pass governing that foot; say-
ing in substance, ‘Keep that foot up’.

  “But if we can send a stronger, more impressive mes-
sage saying ‘Put that foot down,’ the foot will go down;
and Mr. Dog can like it or not.”

   “I wish you would go a little easy on that buttermilk,”
I said with mock gravity. “I am really afraid it is af-
fecting your mind.”

  In spite of my little joke I was conscious—perhaps
more strikingly than ever before—of being in the pres-
ence of a superior mind.

  I was convinced that a great realm, which to me was
dark and full of the deep secrets of life, was to him an
open book.

  And now some years had passed. Mr. Kingston’s
company, of which he was still a vice-president, had
undertaken to construct the long-projected tube from
England to France. And my old-time friend was in
charge of operations, under the title of chief engineer,
which brings us back to the afternoon when my story
opened.

  This extraordinary scientist mused a few moments
ora my declaration that my part in the early discovery
had been a mere accident.

  “Yes,” he said, “there was an element of chance in-
volved, to be sure; but almost all discoveries have been
to some extent due to chance; look at the way the Chinese
discovered roast pig. This is cleverly told by Charles
Lamb in his ‘Essays of Elia.’

  “But usually the accident doesn’t mean anything, un-
less one has a theory first. You had a theory; and the
accident only served to verify it.”

  “The important part of the accident was that you
happened to be there to see it,” I rejoined. “Had it not
been so, the most that could have come of it would have
been a rather carefully worded report to the entomologi-
cal society.”

  “Well,” Kingston said, “the good old tube is more
than half done now.

   “It is ten times as large as the old engineers dared to
propose. And in all the departments of the undertaking
except where heavy machinery is indispensable, the work
has been done by very efficient animals of more than
forty kinds.”

  “And when the thing is finished, something seems to
tell me that we shall see your picture in all the leading
newspapers and magazines of the world,” I said in an-
swer to his modest statements.

Tiie End
By

 A. Hyatt
 Verrill

Author of “Into
the Green Prism,’'
“Beyond the North
Pole,” etc.

Illustrated

by

MOREY

Feathered

D etecti ve

U It became quite obvious, when I
looked at the bird, that the mur-
der had been committed before
the bird was killed.

rpKE touraco, a rare bird of Africa, has been a sub-
-*■ jecl of much debate among ornithologists. It is sup-
posed to be the only bird whose feathers yield, on wet-
ting, a natural red pigment. At any rate, Mr. Verrill,
who needs no further introduction to readers of AMAZ-
ING STORIES, has some definite theories on this subject,
based on careful study and investigation. And under
his skilful handling “The Feathered Detective” takes on
an individuality that easily puts it on an equal footing
with the best scientific detective story.

BEN POLLARD owned the Blue Lion Inn at
Hobham, but nobody in the village really knew
anything about Big Ben, as he was called. Not
that there was any question that he owned the
Blue Lion, for he had bought it from old John
Blaber, paying for it with good Bank of England notes
and gold sovereigns. It had been the “White Lion”

then, and Big Ben’s first act, after the bill of sale and
the deeds had been signed, was characteristic of the man.

Cocking his head to one side, thumbs in the armholes
of his waistcoat, he had squinted up at the weather-
beaten sign with its white lion rampant on a faded black
background.

“White Lion,” he had observed, speaking to no one

31
32

THE FEATHERED DETECTIVE

in particular. “White Lions and Black Lions all about.
I’ll lay a quid to a farthing there’s one in the next
village.”

  “Two on ’em,” vouchsafed old Andy Prout, nodding
his bald head sagely. “An’ anither to Clacton.”

  “Aye, an' one over to Ripley, an’ the Black Lion to
Church Poges,” added Sam Ryder. “Aye, the’s plenty
on ’em hereabout.”

  Big Ben spat. “Thicker’n ticks on a sheep,” he rum-
bled. “White Lions and Black Lions and Red Lions
all over the bloomin’ place. I ain’t never seed a willage
without ’em, an’ I’m a keen un for pubs at that. But
never a Blue Lion nowheres, an’ this pub’s agoin’ to
be the Blue Lion arter now. Aye, I’ll bet two quid to
a ha’penny there ben’t another Blue Lion in the whole
United Kingdom o’ Englan’, Irelan’, Scotian’ an’ Wales.
So one o’ ye run along an’ fetch the sign-painter for to
paint yon lion blue once an’ for all. An’ mind there’s
a ha’pint to the lad as gets here with him first.”

  Stfll, as I said in the beginning, nobody really knew
anything about Big Ben; who he was, whence he came,
or even if his name really was Ben Pollard. He had
arrived on the Portsmouth motor-coach one wild night,
bundled up in a great sea-coat against the wind and
slashing rain, carrying a bulging black portmanteau
and a big parrot cage wrapped in newspapers to pro-
tect the green bird inside.

  He had taken up his quarters at Blaber’s inn, and
though the villagers had been a bit curious, as village
folk are, they hadn’t learned anything about the man
during the months he had lived there. Hie was a free
spender, seemed to have plenty of money, and being a
genial soul, always ready to buy a pint for anyone ready
to pass an hour with him, he was accepted at his face
value and was generally liked.

  He was a big man, well over six feet and weighing
all of fifteen stone (two hundred and ten pounds);
broad and thick, with a trick of standing with legs wide-
spread and head cocked to one side—“Like a bloomin’
sailor,” as Johnny Handy put it. His face was tanned,
his nose sharp and crooked a bit to one side, and he wore
a short crisp beard, that, like his thick, tousled hair, was
flaming red, streaked a bit with gray.

  Old Abner Spree claimed to be over one hundred
years old and had been to sea as a young man. He said
if it had been seventy-five years ago he’d have sworn
Big Ben was a bloody pirate, and he got very reminis-
cent and spent the whole evening telling stories of days
when he was at sea and the adventures he’d had. No
one doubted that Big Ben had been a sailor, but no one
asked him, for good-natured as he was and liked as he
was by all, still there was that about him that made a
body hesitate to pry into his affairs or ask personal
questions.

  And he was a man of very regular habits. Every
morning he was up before sun-up, and carrying a heavy
stick that was near to being a club, and dressed in Harris
tweeds, he’d go for a long walk through the fields and
spinneys. Many’s the time I’ve met him as I was driv-
ing to Guildford or to Kingston, striding along as though
he were walking on a wager, whistling or puffing furi-
ously at his big black pipe. Or I’d see him sitting on a
stile or a rock maybe, watching a flock of rooks or gaz-
ing up at a singing lark, or maybe as intent on studying
some bug or tree as one of the scientific chaps from
Kensington.

  Regular as a clock, too, he’d be off to London, start-
ing by the first motor-coach in the morning and getting
back in the evening, and always with a black leather bag
in his hand. What he did in London nobody knew, but
we all thought likely ’twas to his bank he went, for
“Blaber’s Inn” had always had a good trade, betwixt
the folks round about and the tourists forever passing
back and forth on the Portsmouth Road, or stopping off
to see the old houses and the church and what not at
Street Hobham. And since Big Ben had owned the Inn,
the business had picked up most amazingly. He had his
beer and ale cold—that pleased the American tourists
immensely—and there wasn’t a pub ’twixt Portsmouth
and London could old a candle to the Blue Lion for
food. Moreover, Big Ben had fixed up the old place
till ’twas like a museum to see, what with heads of foxes
and red deer and stags, and stuffed pheasants and birds,
and big pike and salmon on panels on the walls, and
rusty old guns and swords and what not, together with
ugly idols from Lord knows where, and curios from
foreign parts.

  A great hand he was for collecting this, that and the
other, buying old junk in the way of chairs and tables
and settees and old pewter and china. And there was
his parrot in its cage, a fine green bird big as a pigeon,
though whatsoever he wanted her for I don’t know, for
she never talked, but croaked and whistled a bit and
screamed fit to deafen one. But the place was cozy,
and Big Ben had the neatest bit of a barmaid that eyes
could see—a pert, bright-eyed, laughing lass with hair as
red as is own, but a right proper girl at that.

  So, taken altogether, the place did a right roaring
trade and the silver came in fast and Big Ben had every
reason to go to London to bank his savings every week.

  Still 'twas queer, as we often remarked, that when-
ever strangers were about and the tap-room and bar-
parlour were crowded, Big Ben never was about. He'd
be sitting alone or with a crony or two in the little back
room with a mug of mulled ale or maybe arf an’ arf,
and his big black pipe, and most often with his coat off
and his shirt open showing his hairy chest with a bit of
blue tattoo on it. He’d be as chummy as is, but never
did I know him to tell a word of his past, or a tale of
the sea, or of the foreign parts he must have been to.
Now and again some one of us would try a bit to draw
him out, mentioning this, that or the other thing quite
casually, or maybe speaking of something we’d read in
the press about some foreign place or even getting old
man Spree to start in on his everlasting stories we’d
heard a thousand times and more. But it wasn’t any
use. Big Ben’d nod his head, or maybe roar with laugh-
ter till the mugs rattled, and swear ’twas marvelous or
past belief, but never a yes nor a no nor a when I was
to this, that or the other place. I mind one day that
Tom Dickey asked him about that parrot of his. Asked
what Big Ben kept her for, as she didn’t say so much
as “Damn,” and then asked where he got her.

  “Them as talks least says the most sense,” said Big
Ben, cocking his ead one side and peering at te bird
with eyes half shut. “And she’s a wery remarkable Poll
at that,” he goes on. “In fact,” he says, “the most re-
markable parrot in the world, I might say. Of course
ye can’t see it,” he says, “neither can a lad see anything
so remarkable in another lad’s sweetheart, though he’ll
think there be none like her on earth. ’Tis the same
with her”—jerking his thumb towards the cage hanging
THE FEATHERED DETECTIVE

33

in the window. But he never answered Tom’s question
about where he got hold of the bird, I noticed.

BUT he must have told the truth about her being so
remarkable, for one day a party from America was
stopping in at the Blue Lion, and having their ale and
bitters and what not, as they waited for luncheon, and
one of them—a nervous, thin old fellow in knickers and
with goggles, jumps up and goes over to the bird hang-
ing in the sun. “My goodness 1” he exclaims, for I
was in the bar having a drink and a chat with Bess, and
I heard him. “My goodness gracious 1” he says a second
time. “Where on earth did these people get hold of this
bird! Why, as true as I live it’s a touraco. A most
remarkable specimen and the only one I’ve ever seen
in confinement.”

  One of the ladies laughed. “Why, Professor,” she
said, “it seems just a common green parrot to me.
What’s so remarkable about the creature?”

  The old fellow snorted. “And those worm-eaten old
chairs you raved over this morning looked just like
any ordinary old chairs to me,” he told her back. “What
was so remarkable about them, I’d like to know ?”
“Why, why, they were old—they were antiques, and
very, very rare,” she says.

  “Exactly,” snaps the one she’d called “Professor.”
“Well, this bird is not old and he is not antique, but
he’s very, very, and then again very, rare, if you want
to know. In fact, it is quite the most remarkable bird
I have ever seen and well worth my visit to England.”
“Oh, do let’s buy the precious thing, then,” says an-
other lady. “I'm having my boudoir all finished in just
that delightful shade of green and the dear bird will be
in perfect harmony.”

  But I expect Big Ben must have been listening also,
or maybe the waitress or someone told him, for just
then Jimmy the porter comes in and takes the bird, cage
and all, and starts to go out. But the Professor stops
him.

  “Will you inquire of the owner of the bird if he will
dispose of it, and for how much?” he says to Jimmy.

  But Jimmy comes back and tells the Professor that
the owner doesn't care to part with the parrot, at which
the lady with the green boudoir laughs and says she has
never yet found anything that money won’t buy, and
will five hundred pounds make the bird’s owner change
his mind. Jimmy’s eyes fairly popped out of his head
at tliat, and I came near to spilling my bitters and
grabbed at Bess for support. I was that put out about
hearing the lady offering five hundred quid for a green
parrot that I didn’t even talk. “Mind where you’re put-
ting your hand,” snaps Bess, giving me a smart slap.
“But my Gawd, she said that as easy as I’d say six-
pence !”

  And when Jimmy comes back and says as how the
owner—meaning Big Ben, of course—wouldn't sell, not
for five hundred nor for five thousand pounds, Bess
grabbed me, and I didn’t ask her to mind where her
hands were nor slap her, you may be sure, and for the
matter of that neither of us noticed; we were that
amazed to think Big Ben put so much store by his par-
rot that couldn't say boo. Well, the upshot of it was
that Big Ben’s green parrot became right famous—what
with everyone talking about his having refused five hun-
dred pounds for the bird—and everyone would drop
into the Blue Lion just to have a look at the bird, and

of course they’d have their drinks, and as I told Sam
Ryder, and the others agreed, Big Ben wasn't such a
fool as we'd thought to refuse the American lady’s
offer, because he was making more out of the bird being
so famous than he’d have got from her—that is if the
parrot didn’t die on him.

  But of course there was a bit of gossip going about,
too. A man who could refuse five hundred quid—or
five thousand, he said—as easy as is, must be rich, and
even with all that he was making at the Blue Lion it
began to get about that Big Ben had a tidy bit of gold.
Of course it was nobody’s business. He had as much
right to money as the next, and for all anyone knew
he might have got it in the gold fields somewhere, or
by honest work or saving or any other way. But there’s
no place like a village for gossip, as you know, and folks
began to recollect how he came to Hobham, how he
paid for the inn with gold pieces and that they really
didn’t know anything about the man.

  Now, I’d known him ever since he’d come and I hadn’t
noticed anything strange nor mysterious about him—ex-
cept maybe his not wishing to be about among strangers,
which wasn’t mysterious, but just natural, seeing how
he preferred going about without his coat and collar,
and was never one to dress up. But others said his
trips to London were suspicious, though Lord knows
why, and that he might have been a robber or a bandit
or a gambler or some sort of a scoundrel before he
came to Hobham, and why didn’t he have friends or
ever get letters? And when the maid at the Blue Lion
told Mrs. Gregg that she never in all the time Ben had
been there had seen his big portmanteau open, but that
it always was kept locked, and said he always kept a
loaded pistol in his room, everyone began to say Big
had a past and kept some secret locked up in the
portmanteau.

  There were some of us laughed at this talk—I did,
and Sam Ryder and two or three others who knew Big
Ben pretty well—that is, as well as anyone in the vil-
lage knew him. But old Andy Prout and doddering old
man Spree shook their heads and said they wouldn’t be
a bit surprised if Big Ben had been a pirate or some-
thing worse.

  It was about this time that a stranger came to Bren-
ton’s Heath and put up at the Old Bear there. I was
over to the Heath the day he came and at first sight
I gasped like a fish out of water, for back-to as I saw
him when he got off the bus, he was so like Big Ben
I thought ’twas he himself, though I knew he was over
to the Blue Lion at the same time. Yes, sir, the stranger
was the same build as Big Ben—broad as an ox, tall,
and he even had the red hair. But he was a younger
man. I could see as he turned about, there was no
gray in his hair and no beard. But the same sort of
nose and tanned like he’d been long at sea or in some
hot land, and with a big ugly white scar running across
one cheek and making his mouth turn up at the right
side as if he was ever grinning on one side of his mouth.
He walked like a sailor, too; legs spread, but didn’t cock
his head aside like Big Ben. I don’t know a6 I can quite
make it clear, but somehow I got the idea that while
Big Ben was a good-natured, easy-going, good-hearted
chap, even if a bit rough in his ways, this fellow at the
Old Bear was a nasty dispositioned, surly sort, and one
as wouldn’t stand for any humbugging or nonsense.
Still, he spoke fair enough as he tipped the porter for
34

AMAZING STORIES

carrying in his bag, a black portmanteau as like Big
Ben’s as two peas in a pod. Yes, aside from the beard,
and he being a younger man, I’d have said he and Big
Ben might have been twin brothers. But there was
one thing; this man didn’t bring a parrot with him.

  Well, I had it in mind to mention him to Big Ben,
when I got back to Hobham; thought he’d be interested
in knowing there was a stranger so like him over at the
Old Bear. But what with one thing and another I clean
forgot it, and I didn’t think of the stranger again till
the next day, when Big Ben being off to London and
I dropping in to have a mug of ale and a word with
Bess, who should come into the Blue Lion but the
stranger from over to the Old Bear. I didn’t like the
way he leered and winked at Bess, who was a right
proper lass, as I’ve said, and not one to be free with,
but he spoke civilly enough, and ordering a “gin and
It” sat himself down on a settle and lit his pipe.

  “Maybe,” says he after a bit, “you may know if there’s
a party hereabouts by the name of Tom Henley.”

  I looked at Bess and Bess looked at me and we both
shook our heads. “No,” I told him. “Man and boy
I’ve lived here or hereabouts all my life, and I know
every man, woman and child in this corner of Surrey.
But there’s only two Henleys I know of. One’s the
widow Henley over to West Clacton, and her man was
killed in the war and his name was John, not Tom;
and the other’s Bill Henley, the constable at Esher.”
The fellow dropped the lid to his left eye and looked
at me like I had two heads or maybe a tail or some’at
of the sort. “Pimm,” says he. “And maybe the lad
I’m asking about’s not known as such hereabouts. May-
be he’s hoisted false colors, so to say, and’s a sailin’
under another name. Maybe if I told you what sort
he was you’d know of him. A big man he is, nigh
the same size as me, with red hair and a bit gray and
likely a whisker on his face, but no scar to twist his
mug to one side like I carries. Maybe for a crown you
can recall such a lad as bein’ seen hereabouts.”

NOW I can’t say to this minute why I didn’t tell the
chap he was describing Big Ben to a T, and I
don’t know likewise why Bess kept a still tongue in her
head. But the stranger had asked for Big Ben under
another name, and if Big Ben wanted to be Ben Pollard
instead of Tom Henley, it was likely he had reasons and
’twas no business of mine to be telling this stranger
that the man he was asking for and Big Ben were one
and the same.

  And I expect Bess felt the same, because we felt Big
Ben was a decent chap, no matter if he wasn’t Big Ben
Pollard at that, while this chap, sitting there and asking
us questions, wasn’t the kind of a lad we’d coddle to.

  “So you don’t know such a lad, then?” says the
stranger, drinking the last of his “gin and It.” “Well,
that’s damn queer,” he goes on, half-talking to himself.
“They told me over to the Old Bear as how I’d find the
lad I’m lookin’ for over to the Blue Lion here. Said
he ran the place, they did. Now what’s the game, me
lass, and you, me lad, tryin’ to stall me off by sayin’
there’s no such man in these parts? Who’s the owner
of this pub, I’m askin’ you?”

  I’m a quiet lad as a rule, but I’ve got my temper at
times and the tone and the words of this fellow with
the crooked mouth didn’t suit me.

  “Look you here,” says I, a bit hotly, I expect. “Who

you arc or what your business is, I don’t know and I
don't care a damn. You’re a stranger here and you
come prying into other folks’ affairs and sitting there
asking questions like you were in a bally police court
and you the magistrate. If you want information, why
the blazes don’t you go to the police and ask them ? And
if you want to know who the owner of this pub is,
come round this evening and ask Big Ben himself. So
put that in your pipe and smoke it, laddy me lad.”

  The fellow grinned and stood up. "No offense in-
tended,” says he. “But how, may I ask you, did Big
Ben, as you call him, buy this tidy bit of a place? With
good gold, I’ll warrant. And where do you suppose lie
got gold, me lad, with no gold knocking about oP Eng-
land since the war? In some foreign port, o*"course.
And how do you know how he got it? Maybe by hook
or by crook, maybe by honest work, and maybe by shed-
din’ a bit of some other lad’s blood an’ helpin’ of him-
self to what he wanted. Have you thought o’ that, me
lass and me lad ? Have ye thought that maybe Big Ben,
as you call him, is a bloody murderer and wanted by the
police? And maybe there’s a tidy bit of a reward for
him as you two might be dividin’ for to start house-
keepin’ with, and maybe that’s why he’s Big Ben and not
Tom Henley no more. So-”

  But he got no further. Bess was a quick-tempered
lass, and she turned as red as her hair, and, picking up
an empty stout bottle, she shied it at the fellow’s head.
She was a good shot, Bess was, and the stranger ducked
just in time. And not quite in time at that, for the
bottle struck him fair and square in the shoulder. He
spat out an oath and started for us, but just then the
door opens and in comes Sam Phillips, the postman, and
Billy Hart, and, with a glare and a mumbled curse, the
fellow goes out.

  “Who’s the big lad ?” asks Sam, as he and Billy come
over to the bar. “He’s as like Big Ben as is, savin’
the scar on his face and lackin’ the gray in his hair
and the beard to his cheeks and chin. A stranger, I’m
thinkin’!”

  “Aye,” says I, “and no welcome one at that, to my
way of thinking. He’s stopping over to the Old Bear
at Brenton’s Heath.”

  Well, we thought no more of the fellow at that, not
till evening when Big Ben come home and Billy Hart,
who was a gossiping sort, tells Big Ben as how the
very spit of himself was into the Blue Lion this day.

  I noticed Big Ben gave a start and his knuckles turned
white where his hands rested on the table edge, but he
spoke calm and steady enough.

   “So,” he says; “I’d like to see the lad as looks like me.
What sort of a chap was he?”

  Well, Billy goes on to describe him, and Big Ben
turns to Bess. “What was he doin’ here ?” he asks her.
“Did he say where he was stoppin’?”

  She told him the lad was asking for a man named
Tom Henley, and said he was stopping at the Old Bear
at Brenton’6 Heath. I was watching Big Ben close,
for in my ears were the stranger’s words about murder
and a reward, much as I tried to forget them, and I saw
that Big Ben for all his calmness and his easy tones
was mightily disturbed by the news. But he was not the
one to give himself away, not he. “Hmm,” says he;
“Tom Henley, eh? Never heard of him, I haven’t, but
then I’ve not been here over long. Do any of you
lads know of’ the man ?”
THE FEATHERED DETECTIVE

35

  A cool customer he was, no less, and even if he was
all that the other lad had hinted, I couldn’t feel a dis-
like for Big Ben. And maybe, I thought, the other had
said what he had just to draw Bess and me out, and there
might be nothing to it. Like as not, I thought, ’twas a bit
of blackmail he was trying, for he looked the sort of
bounder to be that dirty, and maybe he did know some-
.thing of Big Ben’s past that he could threaten to tell
unless he was well paid to keep quiet. But what if Big
Ben did have a bit of a shady past at that, I thought.
Didn’t we all have things we’d like to forget and have
forgot? I'm no angel myself, I’m not, and anyhow, if
Big Ben had done anything much ’twas the business of
the police and of nobody else. And as for having gold
to buy the Blue Lion with, well, I hadn’t thought of
that before, ’tis true, and I doubt if the others had, but
you see we all knew he was a stranger, and coming up
on the Portsmouth coach we’d taken it for granted he’d
come over seas—what with his big coat and his bag and
his parrot and all, and his sailorish ways—and so why
shouldn’t he have had good gold sovereigns? Maybe
he’d come from America or maybe from some other
spot where gold was plenty, and couldn’t a man have a
few hundred pounds of money in his pockets without
being a murderer or a thief or a rascal of some sort?
Howsoever, liking Big Ben as I did, and knowing him
as well as the next, me being so much about and drop-
ping in to the Blue Lion and chatting with Bess and
what not, I decided 'twould do no harm to tell Big Ben
a bit more of the other chap’s words, so if there was
anything to it all, Big Ben’d be on his guard. So I man-
aged to get him one side and told him everything. He
listened mightily intent and his facc serious and then he
burst into a hearty laugh.

  "Thanks, Bob, thankee kindly,” he says, clapping me
on the back. “ 'Tis not many as would be as free-
spoken as you, but I know ’tis because you think I
should know, and I know you don’t believe a blinkin’
word of it. But I know the lad over to the Old Bear,
I do, and I know his game and what he’s after, and I
can look after myself, I can. So don’t worry over me,
Bob, me lad, but thanks for what you’ve told me/’

WELL, sir, that was that, and me not knowing any
more than before, except that Big Ben knew the
other and his game, and the matter wasn’t any business
of mine after that. But just the same when Nate
Bronson said he’d seen a hulking big man muffled up
in a cloak hanging about the Blue Lion after one in
the morning—though what Nate was doing up at that
hour the Lord alone knows (poaching, I expect)—I
began to feel that there was something afoot and that
the stranger from the Old Bear wasn’t there for any
good and peaceful reasons. In fact I had a mind to
tell Big Ben about the fellow sneaking about in the
middle of the night, but remembered he’d said he could
take care of himself, so I didn’t mention it. In fact
Bess said I’d best not, and she said, too, that 'twas a
kind of funny thing that ever since the other man had
been there, Big Ben had kept his parrot in his bed-
room, instead of in the bar-parlour.

  "Maybe,” I said, “it hasn’t anything to do with the
fellow, or again perhaps he’s a rascal and a thief and
Big Ben thinks he may try to steal the bird. If it’s
worth five hundred quid, as the American seemed to
think, it’s well worth lifting.”

  "And another thing,” says Bess. "Carrie” (that was
the maid at the inn) "tells me he keeps his pistols all
loaded and under his pillow now,” says Bess.

   "So I’d do the same,” says I, “if that scar-faced scoun-
drel had been asking about me and hinting at a past I
didn’t want dug up and-”

  “Then he does know him and he’s really and truly
Tom Henley!” exclaimed Bess. "Golly, I wonder what
he’s done that there’s a reward for him.”

  Well, of course I’d made a slip, but by now Bess
and I understood each other pretty well, and I told her
the whole thing and warned her to keep it to herself.
"But I don’t believe a thing about that reward,” I said.
"If the lad over to the Heath knows anything about
Big Ben’s past, he’s just a rat of a blackmailer. Do
you think he wouldn’t want to grab that reward if there
was one? And I shouldn’t be a bit surprised if he’s
the one the police want, not Big Ben.”

  “Well, the next morning I was off early for Kingston,
and as I drove along past Fairmile, who should I see
walking along the road ahead of me but Big Ben and
the stranger from the Heath. You could have knocked
me over with a feather, for they looked as friendly as
is, talking earnest but no high words nor excitement,
and now and then laughing. I was that dumfounded
I stopped the car and sat there, just looking at them,
until they turned into the lane and disappeared.

  But that night, as I was coming back late, it was a
different story. I was pretty near to Hobham, coming
in by way of Oxshott, and was passing the bit of spinney
by Ockam Dean, when I heard loud voices and a curse
or two from behind the hedge. Of course I didh’t
stop— it wasn’t any of my affair and it don’t pay to
interfere in other folks’ quarrels—but I could have
sworn before any judge and jury that the voices, or
one of them, was that of Big Ben and the other that of
the lad with the scar on his face. And sure enough,
when I dropped into the Blue Lion, Bess told me Big
Ben was out, and hadn’t been in since he’d gone off
with his stick along about dark. Well, I hung around
a bit, worried for fear there might have been trouble,
for you see I’d never heard Big Ben angry or cursing
before, and I knew he had that whacking heavy stick,
and when a big quiet man gets mad, he gets mad all
through and goes crazy like and sees red and doesn’t
stop to think what he is doing. And I knew if he hit
out with that stick, he’d just about bash in the head of
the other chap. Not that I’d have minded if he had,
only I knew the police would get him if he did and
there’d be the devil to pay all around, what with none
of us really knowing anything about Big Ben, and the
gossip there’d been about him and one thing and another.
But I needn’t have worried. Along about ten Big Ben
came in, looking a bit flustered and red in the face and
twirling his stick, but otherwise the same as usual. He
drank a lot that night, he did, that is for him, who
usually was a most moderate drinker, and he smoked
steady and wasn’t so talkative as usual. And around
ten-thirty sharp he got up and shooed us all out, saying
as how he was tired and was going to bed and didn’t
want to be disturbed and was going to close up for the
night.

  That was the last any of us ever saw of Big Ben
alive.

  First thing next morning Carrie came screaming out
of the Blue Lion—she was the first one to be up, bar-
36

AMAZING STORIES

ring Big Ben—and yelling that Big Ben was dead. Of
course everyone in the village—leastwise all who were
up and dressed and a lot who weren’t, that is weren’t
dressed, I mean, came on the run after Constable Haley.
Bess was standing in the bar-parlour, wrapped up in
some sort of a silk thing and all a-tremble and scared,
but looking mighty pretty, I thought, and Jimmy the
boots was shaking and scared like the others. Well,
Carrie, between gasps and starts, told how she’d gone
to Big Ben’s room to take him his tea, and had knocked
on the door, and no answer coming had peeped in, and
there was Big Ben sprawled on the floor with his head
all twisted to one side and dead as you please.

  “Murder it is, sir!” wailed Carrie, who was old and
excitable anyhow. “Oh, Lord, ha’ mercy on me; but
I can see his eyes now, sir. All glazed and glassy like,
an’ rolled up and his face as purple as a pansy, sir.
Lord ha’ mercy! The poor master murdered in his own
pub! And such a fine, generous, good-hearted gentle-
man he was at that, sir! And now-”

BUT nobody paid any heed to her, for everyone was
pressing after Constable Haley except me. I was
trying to calm Bess, and telling her to hurry back to her
room and get properly dressed, for the coroner’d be
along in a jiffy and he and the police would be asking
questions of all the staff, and she couldn’t be sitting
about before a lot of strangers with only a kimono on
and her hair down and no shoes or stockings on. Well,
having got her off, I followed along to have a look at
Big Ben myself. Constable Haley’d covered his face
with a sheet, but he lay there on the floor—nobody
moving him till the coroner came, of course, and then
I noticed that the cage of the parrot was empty and that
the bird was dead, too, lying in a mess over by the
window. I pointed this out to the constable—the rest
of the crowd having gone back to talk it all over at the
bar, and he nodded and said as how he knew, but the
law said no corpus delicti could be moved until the
coroner gave permission, and as how it didn’t say
whether only a human body was a corpus delicti or any
body was, and as both Big Ben and the bird had been
murdered, he wasn’t taking any chance of being called
off by the coroner, and was leaving both corpus delictis
where he found them.

  Well, sir, after a bit the coroner—who’d been called
on the telephone from Kingston—came in. He was a
short man with a red face and a paunch like a publican,
a man named Chermondy, a Welshman I think, or may-
be a Cornishman, but a jolly old boy, bald as an apple
and with keen blue eyes and a funny trick of saying,
“Well, well; ’pon my honor!” at everything.

  So as he comes into the Blue Lion he was puffing
and blowing, and the first thing he says is, “Well, well!
’Pon my honor! The man’s dead. Looks like homicide,
’pon my honor, it does!”

  Well, he examined Big Ben carefully and kept mut-
tering to himself. “Choked, strangled,” he says. “ ’Pon
my honor, yes. Garrotted with a thong. Well, well!”
Then he told Constable Haley to get the body on the bed
and to summon all the staff of the Inn and any outsiders
that had any information to gather in the bar-parlour so
he could question them.

  “ ’Ow about yon bird, your honor ?” asks the con-
stable, jerking his head toward the dead parrot. “The
bird’s been murdered, too, I’m thinkin’, your worship.”

  “Tut, tut!” exclaimed the coroner. “How can a bird
be murdered, Constable ? Answer me that, sir. Murder,
as you should know is, jp legal parlance, homicide.
Homicide is derived from' the Latin homo, or man.
Homicide means man-killing, and how could the death
of a bird be homicide, or as you put it, murder? Well,
well! ’Pon my word, it’s amusing! A murdered parrot!
Ton my word, that’s good. Do with the thing? Why
do what you please—throw it out, stuff it, eat it for
all I care! Ton my word, yes!”

  Constable Haley was red and flustered. “Did you
’ear ’im ?” he exclaimed, after the coroner had waddled
away. “Did you ’ear ’im sye as ’ow Hi could heat
the bloomin’bird ? Heat a parrot, my heye! Hand just
because Hi done me duty an’ never laid ’and to the
corpus delicti! ’E’s a bloomin’, blinkin' blounder, ’e is!”
“If you don’t mind, Haley,” says I, “I’ll take charge
of the bird. I’m not going to eat it any more than you,
but the coroner said you might stuff it, and being as
I was a close friend of Big Ben here, and knowing
what store he set by the bird, I’d like to have it as a
remembrance of him. I’ll take it over to Guildford to
the taxidermist there and have it stuffed proper, and
put it in a cage so it’ll look as life-like as is.”

  “Tyke hit an’ welcome,” says he. “Honly never let
me put my heyes hon the blinkin’ thing again.”

  We all went into the bar-parlour, where the coroner
sat with a note-book and pencil, and there, before we
could get seated or begin, came the sergeant of [x>lice
from Esher and the other two constables from Street
Hobham and Church Hobham. Looked quite a bit like
a real police-court it did, and very solemn. Of course
we’d all come to the same mind by now, that is, I had,
and Nate and Billy Hart and Sam Phillips and Bess and
all of us who knew about the stranger over to the Old
Bear. We are all as cocksure that lie was the one
that had killed Big Ben as we wanted to be. Who else
would have done it, and why ? And who else had quar-
reled with him? And why else had Big Ben kept his
pistol under his pillow ? That gave me a new idea, and
I wondered why he hadn’t shot whoever’d come into
his room and where the pistol was. So I stepped over
to Constable Haley and whispered to him about it, and
he went back to Big Ben’s room, and pretty soon he.
came back carrying the pistol and with a queer look on
his face. He laid it down before the sergeant, instead
of the coroner, and saluted.

  “Hi found this hunder the deceased man’s pillow, sir,”
he said. “But has you’ll see for yourself, sir, hit’s not
loaded, sir.”

  “Well, well! ’Pon my word, what’s this ?” exclaimed
the coroner. “A pistol, eh, and not loaded. Well, well!
I must make a note of that.”

  Then he began questioning the lot of us. First,
Carrie the maid, and a hard time he had of it with her,
what with her wringing her hands and crying and get-
ting excited and having to say over and over again how
she’d taken up Big Ben’s tea and found him dead and
all. But with it all never a word that helped, as far as
I could see. Then Bess, and Jimmy the porter, and
myself, but no nearer to getting at the bottom of the
matter; but then why should he, when we all knew, as
well as we wanted to, that the stranger with the scar
had done for Big Ben. ’Twas funny, I thought, that
a constable hadn’t been sent to arrest him, for even the
coroner must have seen by now who the murderer was,
THE FEATHERED DETECTIVE

37

what with my story and that of Bess and of Nate and
everyone, all telling of the fellow’s coming over and
what he'd said of Big Ben, and how I’d met them quar-
reling on the roadside and all.

THEN I noticed the sergeant get up and slip out
of the door, very quiet like, and I thought to my-
self he was going after the stranger. But in that I was
wrong, for pretty soon he comes back, and the coroner
then being writing and the place quiet, he goes over
and speaks to him and tells him he’s been having a look
at Big Ben’s room. He glares at poor Constable Haley
like as if he’d been a boy caught stealing apples.

  “A fine credit to the police you are,” he says. “Were
you frightened at the corpse?” he asks, sarcastic, “or
did you think a murder was a bally political meeting that
you never so much as looked about for clues? No, you
didn’t even find those bloody fingermarks on the win-
dow-ledge and door, nor the deceased’s portmanteau and
bag slit open and rifled. A fine constable you are, to
be sure!"

  “Well, well! Ton my honor!” exclaimed the coroner.
“What’s this, sergeant? Fingermarks and bloody, you
say! And the bags cut open! Important, very im-
portant. I must make a note of that. But—but, my
dear sergeant, why should there be bloody fingermarks?
The deceased came to his death by strangulation—there
was no wound, no blood. I made a most careful ex-
amination.”

  “As to that I can’t say, sir,” replied the sergeant.
“Maybe the murderer cut himself, or”—a bright idea
came to him—“maybe the parrot nipped his finger, sir.
No doubt he wrung the bird’s neck to stop his squalling,
and parrots have a nasty way of nipping, you know, sir.
At all events he left bloody fingerprints, and I’d sug-
gest, sir, we have a man from Scotland Yard down to
take a look at them, sir.”

  “Well, well. ’Pon my word, yes, sergeant,” agreed
the coroner. “And no doubt, as you say, the parrot
nipped the rascal’s finger. Let’s have a look at the bird
and see if there’s blood on its beak.”

  “Well, it was there; blood, I mean, but not on its
beak so much as on its feathers about the neck; red
stains on the green feathers as plain as is.

  Of course that settled it. But why, I thought—and
I whispered as much to Bess—didn’t they send and get
the scar-faced fellow before he cleared out?

  But I didn’t have time to say much, for now the cor-
oner was standing up most solemn and imposing, like
a judge in court—though more like a publican about to
make a speech on a bank holiday—and clearing his throat
and staring about at us over his spectacles.

  “Hmm,” says he. “I find that the deceased, Benjamin
Pollard, otherwise known as ‘Big Ben,’ came to his
death at the hands of a person or persons unknown, but
that suspicion points strongly, most strongly, towards a
gentleman who is or was residing at the Old Bear Inn
at Brenton’s Heath, and while it is not within my prov-
ince or jurisdiction to do so, I suggest—in fact I ad-
vise—that the said gentleman be apprehended and placed
under arrest, and that an expert be secured from Scot-
land Yard to aid the local police in their investigation
of the lamentable tragedy that has occurred here in the
Blue Lion Inn. I-”

  “Beggin’ your pardon, sir,” says the sergeant, inter-
rupting him. “But the bird—er, the suspected gentle-

man—has flown, sir. The constable I dispatched to
Brenton’s Heath reports that the gentleman who was
known by the name of Lemuel Henley has been absent
from the Old Bear since yesterday at nine o’clock of
the morning, sir, at which time, sir, he was seen to step
aboard a London motor-coach, sir.”

  “Well, well! Ton my honor!” exclaims the coroner.
“This is very serious. But it merely signifies delay.
He will soon be apprehended. Have you notified Lon-
don that he is wanted, sergeant?”

  The sergeant nodded. “Yes, sir,” he says, “but-”

  At this minute there are hurrying footsteps outside
and the door opens and who comes rushing in but the
stranger himself! Yes, sir; running straight into the
lion’s jaws, as you might say, and a mighty queer thing
for a murderer to do, I thought, knowing, as he must
have, that the police were at the Blue Lion and that
he’d be the first one to be suspected of doing for Big
Ben.

  “My God!” he exclaims, before anyone could speak.
“Is it true? Is it true that Tom—Ben—has been mur-
dered ? I saw it in the News, but I couldn’t believe it,

though often I’ve warned him. I-”

  The sergeant was on his feet looking very stern and
officious and all. “It is perfectly true,” he says, “and
you may consider yourself under arrest on the charge
of the murder of one Benjamin Pollard, owner of the
Blue Lion Inn,” says he. “Constable Haley, take charge
of the prisoner.”

  For a minute the fellow with the scar stands there,
struck dumb as you might say, gaping about at us all
as if not believing his ears. Then he turns redder than
ever and his eyes blaze and he takes a step towards
the sergeant, his head stuck forward and his big fists
clenched, and for a moment I thought he was about to
attack him.

  “You consummate, addle-pated ass!” he spits out.
“Me, me, the murderer! Why, you blithering idiot, do
you think I’d murder my own brother?”

  Well, at that we all came near fainting with the sur-
prise. The brother of Big Ben! But we might have
known it, what with him being so like Ben and all. And
hadn’t he asked if a Tom Henley was here? And hadn’t
he been registered over to the Old Bear as Lemuel Hen-
ley? ’Twas plain as the nose on your face now. But
after all, that didn’t prove he hadn’t killed Big Ben.
Many a brother’s been killed by a brother, and with my
own ears and eyes I’d heard and seen the two quarrel-
ing. And this Lemuel fellow’d hinted at dark things
about Big Ben, that time he’d dropped into the Blue
Lion.

  The sergeant must have thought as much, for as soon
as he’d got over his surprise at the fellow’s words he
says: “His brother you may be and then again you may
not be, but, brother or not, you’re under arrest, sir.”
For a minute I thought the man would knock the ser-
geant down, so ugly and vicious he looked, but he saw
that the sergeant was in earnest and that ’twas a serious
matter, and suddenly he threw back his big head and
laughed.

  “I suppose it’s your duty, sergeant,” he says. “But
it’s an ill welcome for me who came here post-haste at
word of my brother’s death to be nailed for killing him,
when since yesterday noon I’ve been in London to an
hour ago.” Then, in another tone: “May I see the—
my brother’s body?” he asks. The sergeant turned to
38

AMAZING STORIES

the coroner, a questioning look on his face, but the cor-
oner nodded. “Well, well! Ton my honor, of course;
why not?’’ says he; then:

  “But watch your prisoner carefully, sergeant. He
appears to be a desperate character.”

  Well, sir, there’s no earthly use going over all that
took place for a time after that. Big Ben was buried,
and a fine funeral he had, too, with flowers and a silver-
trimmed coffin and plumes on the hearse and all, and
everyone in the village out to follow to the grave. Yes,
and even the man accused of murdering him was allowed
to attend the services, though guarded by two constables
at that. And I must say he looked as sad and sorrowful
as any.

THE chap from Scotland Yard came down to Hob-
ham, too, a slim young chap, looking more like one
of the swells from the West End than a policeman, but
a nice-spoken chap, although having a bit too much to
say to Bess to suit me, though she turned up her nose
at him, I must say. He fussed around a bit—mostly in
Ben’s room, that had been kept under lock and seal since
the murder, the Blue Lion being closed down, with
Carrie out of a job and Bess at the White Hart and
Jimmy, the boots, gone to London or somewhere. Yes,
everything set at topsy-turvy over Big Ben’s death, and
his fine pub idle, for you see he hadn’t left a will, or
at least no will had been found, and the place would
have to be sold up, only the prisoner, claiming to be
Big Ben’s brother and next of kin, if he proved he was,
the Blue Lion would go to him, though what use ’twould
be, if he was found guilty and was hanged, I couldn’t
see.

  But as I was saying, the lad from Scotland Yard came
down and went back again and what he found or didn’t
find I don't know. Neither do I know all that went on
at the hearing of the case of the man with the scar,
Henley.

  Bess and Carrie and I and the others all had to appear
again, though we only told the same stories again as
we’d told the coroner, and a great waste of time I
thought it. But some of the case I heard and more I
read in the News and more I was told by Constable
Haley and others and most of all by young Roger Keats,
the barrister. Well, sir, the chap from Scotland Yard
testified as how the blood stains on the window ledge
and the door weren’t blood at all, nor were the red
stains on the bird that I’d had right properly stuffed by
the taxidermist at Guildford and that was brought in—
the bird, I mean—as evidence, and which everyone said
was as lifelike and natural as is, and you’d almost expect
to hear him croak or squawk. And moreover, the
police admitted -that the fingermarks on the window
ledge weren’t those of the prisoner, and a doctor who’d
been called in swore as to how there wasn’t as much
as a prick or a scratch on his fingers or body anywhere.
So there they were with that evidence gone west, as you
might say. And he—the prisoner, I mean—had letters
posted in Hobham and dated from the Blue Lion Inn,
and others from elsewhere, in Big Ben’s writing, calling
the man “Dear Brother Lem” and signed Tom. And
finally the fellow had half a dozen or more witnesses
who all swore to it that this man, Lemuel Henley,
was in London all the day and the night when Big Ben
had been murdered, and didn’t leave till the morning
when he heard of the matter. So they couldn’t find a

true bill and discharged him. Then he did a queer
thing—and what I thought was a fine, brave thing for
any man to do. And he wasn’t called upon to do it at
that, as you’ll see, and it might have got him into a bad
fix and into gaol at that. He stood up in the court and
he thanks the gentlemen for their fairness and their
verdict. Then he says he intends to find the murderer
of his brother, come what may, and he goes on to ask
why 110 one has taken the trouble to find out what it
was that his brother had kept locked in his bags, and
why Big Ben had gone so often to London. What, he
asks, was the motive for the murder? Robbery, of
course, he says. Who but himself could have known
what was in the bags? he asks. And why? he asks the
court, did his brother go under the name of Benjamin
Pollard when his real name was Tom Henley?

  Well, sir, this does make a stir. You see, they’d been
busy trying to find a true bill against him, and they’d
not thought of others. They were that sure he was the
right man; and now he’d sprung his letters and his alibi
and all. So they were all at sea, as I might say, and
didn’t know which way to turn, so all they could do
was to ask the man they’d accused of murder to tell
them what he knew about Big Ben’s bags and one thing
and another. And though he had no cause to do so—
and so Roger Keats, who knows the law from A to Zed,
says—the law couldn't have forced him to say anything
that might incriminate himself, he tells everything. And
a fine, amazing story that would do for a six-penny
thriller it was at that.

  The two brothers had been sailors, Big Ben having
been master and Lemuel mate, and trading in foreign
parts, mostly on the coast of Africa. Then one day
they get some diamonds from a native, and thinking
maybe there was a new field thereabouts, they went
into the country, and in Basutoland they find the stones
as thick as thorns on a gorse bush. But before they
got off, the government claps the lid on the pot, as you
might say, making it law that no one can get diamonds
in there, and neither can they take them out.

  So there they were in a nice pickle, to be sure, the
two brothers without a farthing to their names, their
ship on the coast waiting, and their wallets full of
stones that they’d spent every penny and all their time
getting, and the law saying they weren’t theirs and liable
to be arrested and clapped into gaol if they were found
out. Well, sir, they were good British citizens and
honest seamen and respected the law, but that was too
much. So they made up their mind to separate and
so have a better chance,-and to head for the coast, each
from another direction.

  But .Lemuel didn’t make it. The constabulary got
him; he had the stones, and though he’d got them all
before the new law was put on into the gaol he went.
But the worst of it was he didn’t know Avhether Brother
Tom had got clear or not. Not until he got free from
gaol, he didn’t, and then he learned the ship had sailed
away and Tom on it and left him with never a word
or a shilling, he hadn’t. You couldn’t blame, him over-
much if he thought bad of his brother at that. And
when he’d worked his way to England, and found Tom
had left the ship at Portsmouth, and traced him up to
Hobham, where he was going by the name of Ben Pol-
lard, and had bought the Blue Lion and all, why, who
could blame him if he thought his brother had tried to
give him the slip and do him?
THE FEATHERED DETECTIVE

39

LIKE as not I or anyone else would have felt the
i same. But when he met Big Ben and had a chat,
though heated a bit the words were, he admitted, and
Ben told him as how he’d been afraid he’d be nabbed
and hadn’t dared write, and that Lemuel’s half of what
he had was safe and waiting, why then they got friendly
as ever again. And it was diamonds that Big Ben kept
in his black bag, and to sell the stones, a few at a time,
that he’d been going so frequent to London for. So,
whoever’d killed Ben must have known of what he had,
said Lemuel, and it wouldn’t be hard to find out who
sold stones that hadn’t paid duty at that, providing the
murderer sold them in England, and that didn’t seem
likely to me. Well, as I said, Lemuel might have got
himself into trouble by his story, but he didn’t, for he’d
served his bit for getting the diamonds in Africa; he’d
brought none in, and though Big Ben could have been
jugged for smuggling in the stones, yet being as he was
beyond reach of the law, why there wasn’t much that
could be done, only to order the strong box that Big
Ben had rented in London to be opened and any stones
that were in it confiscated by the Crown.

  Well, sir, that was done, but never a diamond could
be found. Only a lot of letters and papers and bank-
books and such, and ten thousand pounds in notes. And
among the papers Big Ben’s will, which was the most
amazing thing of all, when I heard of it. All the cash
on hand and personal property of Big Ben was left to
his brother, Lemuel, and then it went on to say that
he willed the Blue Lion Inn with its furnishings, fix-
tures, stock-in-trade, good will and interests to Bess and
me, provided we were proper married.

  Well, you could have bowled me and Bess over with
a feather, as you might say. All we’d been waiting for
was to lay by a tidy bit for a rainy day, and here we
were with a fine pub and all. So we were married the
next day and that’s how I come to own the Blue
Lion, and a right neat living it’s brought us these many
years. But with ever and all, and Lemuel well fixed
for life—and a right decent chap we found him after
all our misjudging him, aye, none better—nobody was
any nearer to finding who’d done for poor Big Ben, and
only Lemuel and Bess and myself much interested in
getting at the bottom of the mystery at that.

  Then one day, as we were tidying up and getting the
Blue Lion into shape for business—Bess and I having
got back from a honeymoon down to Folkstone—who
should pop in on us but the American professor chap
who’d been so excited over the green parrot the year
before. Yes, sir, there he was again, goggles and plus-
fours and all.

  “Ha!” says he, beaming all over. “Still here, I see.
And here I am, back again.” All the time his eyes were
glancing this way and that, as if looking for something.
“Gracious, yes!” he says. “Here I am again, but I don’t
see that most remarkable bird. Do you know,” he goes
on, “I’ve come all the way from America to this place
solely for the purpose of seeing that bird, and if possible
endeavoring to induce its owner to part with it? I’m
prepared to pay anything in reason if-”

  “Then I’m afraid you’ve had your trouble for noth-
ing, sir,” I tells him. “The owner’s dead, sir, murdered
he was in this very inn, and the bird as well-”

  “Goodness gracious!” he exclaims. “What a dire
calamity! What a tragedy! But I hope that the body
was preserved and not cast away,” he says, meaning, I

took it, the body of the green parrot and not Big Ben’s.

  I nodded. “Yes, sir,” I tells him. “I saw to that,
sir. Big Ben always took great store by the bird, and
I had him properly stuffed, by the taxidermist at Guild-
ford, sir, and a fine job he made of it at that. But
why Big Ben thought so much of it or why you’re so
anxious about it is more than I can see, for to me it’s
no better than any other green parrot, and it’s only for
memory of Ben that I paid for having it stuffed as I
did, sir."

  “Parrot!” he cried, jumping up and throwing out his
hands like he was swimming. “Parrot! Oh my sacred
aunt! Parrot indeed 1 Why, goodness gracious, the
bird was not a parrot. It was a species of touraco—a
rare, an exceedingly rare bird of African origin. And
a most remarkable bird. Perhaps in some ways the most
remarkable bird, for it’s the only bird in the world whose
feathers are actually green but actually contain red pig-
ment. And this was a unique specimen, a specimen in
captivity. However,” he sighed, “better half a loaf than
no bread. Would you care to—er—dispose of the
specimen ?”

  “Hmm,” says I, as Bess kicks my shins and nods and
winks at me. “So it wasn’t a parrot after all. And
most likely Big Ben knew what he was talking of when
he’d say ’twas a remarkable bird, perhaps the most re-
markable bird. But as to selling it, well, I don’t know
as to that, sir. Bess and I set a lot of store by it, seeing
as how Ben thought so much of the bird and as how
he left us this pub and all. But then-”

  “Of course, of course!” he interrupts me. “But con-
sider that you are really doing a great deal for science
if you dispose of the specimen to me. Here in this
inn it will become dusty, moth-eaten and will be event-
ually thrown in the rubbish, while in a great museum,
with your—er—name upon it, it will be preserved indefi-
nitely and of benefit to the public. I am-’’

  “I’m not a rich man, sir,” I told him, without waiting
for him to finish, “but I have a good income and some-'
how I don’t like the idea of selling the bird, as Big Ben
wouldn’t listen to selling if^vhen he was alive. But if
the bird’s to go to a museum, then take it and welcome,
I say, for nothing could suit Big Ben better than that,
I am sure, sir.”

  Well, I never before heard and I never expect again
to hear such thanks as the Professor—Judson his name
was—gave Bess and me for that stuffed green bird of
Big Ben’s. And what with one thing and another, and
him asking many a question, I told him the whole story
of the murder and of the trial of Lemuel and all. He
was right interested in it all, and a sharper chap I never
met, no, not even Roger Keats, what with the things he
picked to seize on and ask about and all.

  “Blood! Of course it was not blood,” he declared,
when I told him about the fingerprints. “But it might
as well have been. And whoever left those marks was
the murderer, of course. And the pistol, not loaded!
Did nobody ever ask about that?” says he.

  “Not that I know of,” I tells him. “It hadn’t been
fired and Big Ben hadn't been shot, so it didn’t seem
to have much to do with the matter.”

  Professor Judson snorted fit to give one a start.
“Fools!” he most yells. “Fools, like the police every-
where. Why, goodness gracious, man alive, that un-
loaded pistol has everything to do with it. Where does
this Mr. Lemuel Henley live? And where is this law-
40

AMAZING STORIES

yer—no, barrister I believe they are called over here—
friend of yours have his office? Get them both and we’ll
have a talk and I’ll wager we find the murderer soon.

WELL, it didn’t take long to get Lemuel and Roger
Keats to the Blue Lion when they heard about
what Professor Judson had said. And all of us went
into the back room—the same as Big Ben used to use
for himself and his cronies when many folks were about
in the bar-parlour—and there we sat listening to what
the Professor from America had to say.

  In the first place, he pointed out, the unloaded pistol
proved the murderer was someone who had access to the
inn and Big Ben’s room. “Do you suppose for one
minute,” he asks, “that Big Ben, as j'ou call him, would
have bothered placing an empty gun under his pillow?
Of course not! And didn’t the maid report that he
always kept a loaded gun there? Hence,” he continues,
“we must assume that he feared robbers or perhaps
enemies might attack him or attempt to rob him, and
that on the night in question he believed that he had
a loaded weapon within reach. In other words, sirs, the
person who plotted to rob, and if necessary murder him,
knew that a loaded gun was always under the pillow,
and to avoid all chances of being shot or of having the
neighborhood aroused by the sound of a shot, he re-
moved the cartridges from the pistol and replaced it
empty and harmless. That much, gentlemen, we may
assume is as well established as though proven in a
court of law. But who was the person?

  “No doubt, had the weapon been carefully examined
for fingerprints when first found, the identity of the
murderer could have been established, for beyond any
doubt in my mind it was some employee of the inn or

some one who was stopping here that night-”

  “There were no guests that night,” I told him. “And
as for the murderer being one of the staff, that’s un-
thinkable, Professor,” I says, a bit hotly.

  “Tut, tut,”- he says, smiling at me condescendingly
sort of. “I'm accusing no one, but I am attempting
to solve this murder mystery by the means of deduction.
Now we have deduced that the murderer extracted the
charges from the pistol. Hence we may deduce it was
someone who had access to the room and was familar

with the habits of his victim. I-”

  “I don’t agree with you,” says Lemuel. “I admit
I expect you’re right about the reason for the
pistol being unloaded, but I don’t see any reason why
a body shouldn’t have come in from outside and have
done it. He didn’t have to know my brother’s habits
at that. He might have been looking about and found

the pistol by chance. He-”

  “True, quite true!” interrupted the professor. “In
fact we have excellent evidence of the fact that the
murderer did enter or leave by way of the window, but
he would hardly have been able to enter unseen during
the day, and if he had entered and had remained in the
room, the bird would, in all probability, have squawked
and betrayed his presence, for I understand that the
creature invariably exhibited dislike of strangers by
uttering its customary raucous notes. That, gentlemen,
is one reason I unhesitatingly declare that the murderer
Was someone well known to the bird.”

  "You’re forgetting the bird was killed,” says Roger
Keats. “No doubt he killed it to prevent it from giving
warning of his presence.”

  The Professor snorted again. "And you are forget-
ting that the bird was killed after the murder was com-
mitted,” he said. “Do you imagine that the owner, who
prized the bird so highly as to refuse an offer of five
hundred pounds for it, would not have noticed that his

pet was killed-”

  “Might have been killed while he was asleep,” sug-
gested Roger.

  Professor Judson smiled. “But you told me he was
fully dressed,” he reminded us. “Though,” he added,
“I do not deny he may have been sleeping. But even
so, it is inconceivable that the bird should have been
dragged from its cage and strangled without uttering a
cry, and what is more, I am prepared to prove, by irre-
futable scientific facts and evidence, that the murder
was committed before the bird was killed.”

  "Even if such proof is possible and admissible, I
cannot see that it brings us any nearer to the solution
of the mystery,” said Roger Keats. "Whether the bird
was killed first or whether the murder was committed
first has no direct bearing on the case.”

  “Indeed?” says the professor. “In that you are
greatly mistaken, Mr. Keats. It has a very great bearing
on the solution, in my opinion. It establishes the fact,
almost beyond question, that the murderer was recog-
nized by the bird, and what is more, I am prepared to
prove in any court that the murderer committed his
crime, and finding it impossible to open the bags in
search of the diamonds, left the room and returned, and
not until then killed the bird for fear it might give an
alarm while he was rifling the murdered man’s posses-
sions.”

  ‘‘If you could do that,” said Lemuel, "then you’re no
Professor; you’re a wizard. I’ve seen many a trick of
magic by those fakirs out East, but not one of ’em
could turn the trick you say you can do.”

  “Not a bit of magic about it,” declared the professor.
"But let me ask a question. Was it not raining that
night?”

1 STOPPED to think for a moment. “Yes,” I said.
"It was a clear evening, but it must have rained dur-
ing the night, for everything was sopping wet next
morning. I mind that when I ran after Carrie to the inn
here, the street was all puddles.”

  Professor Judson grinned. “I knew it,” he declared,
“and if we can determine the time at which rain fell, we
can determine the time when the murder was committed,
or rather the time when the murderer left the room and
later returned to it. But the most important matter is to
learn the identity of the murderer, and the fingermarks
he left upon the window-ledge are, I should say, our best
clue to that.”

  “We can’t take fingerprints of every blessed person in
England,” says Lemuel, “and what’s more, whoever ’twas
is most likely out of England long ago.”

  "Goodness gracious, of course not!” says the pro-
fessor, “but the chances are ten to one the man who com-
mitted this crime is no novice and has committed others.
No doubt Scotland Yard could find his fingerprints in
their files. I’m surprised, amazed, that they have not al-
ready done so.”

  “I’m not,” says Roger Keats. “Soon as it was proved
the prints were not made with blood and didn’t belong to
friend Lemuel here, they didn’t have any bearing on the
case.”
THE FEATHERED DETECTIVE

.41

  "My, my, my!” exclaimed the professor. “I should
have thought they did; indeed I should. But of course,
not realizing what the red marks were, they would not
have regarded them as important as I do. But you see,
Mr. Keats, even if the red marks were not blood, they
amounted to the same thing, for only the man who killed
the bird could have left them and only the man who mur-
dered Mr. Henley could have or would have killed the
bird. In fact, gentlemen, this bird is most remarkable in
more ways than one, and in this case it will be found
that the bird proved a most excellent, and I might say,
providential witness—an actual detective, I might say.”
"It’s all Greek to me,” grunted Lemuel. “You’re tell-
ing us a lot of things without telling us anything. And
what the bally old bird has to do with it is beyond me.”
"All in good time, all in good time,” smiled the pro-
fessor. "I dearly love a little mystery, so do let me
enjoy it. And I suggest now that we secure a snapshot
of the fingerprints and make a visit to Scotland Yard and
endeavor to identify them.”

   Well, that’s just what we did, me going along, too,
and leaving Bess that full of curiosity as to what ’twas
all about she was fair on needles and pins.

  So we went up to London and Scotland Yard and
everyone seemed to know Professor Judson, even if he
was an American, and we found the chap who’d been
down to the Blue Lion and who’d taken the fingerprints
and all. But he wasn’t much interested, and when he
told the professor that he’d gone over every fingerprint
on file and not one of them was the same as those from
Ben’s room, even the professor seemed a bit knocked
about. But he was a tenacious chap, was the professor,
and once he set himself to an idea he stuck to it like all
scientific chaps do, they tell me, and nothing would do
him but he must have a look himself. While the young
chap was getting out the files, we were looking about,
there being a lot of bills with pictures of men wanted
and fingerprints and such stuck around, and pretty soon
I heard the professor say “Goodness gracious!” and I
turned about and there he was staring at a paper on the
desk as if he’d found another of the green birds there.

  "Goodness gracious!” he exclaims a second time.
"Whose are these fingerprints?” he asks the young chap,
pointing at the paper. The young fellow looked at them
casually. “Oh,” says he, “those have just come in.
They’re from a bird they hooked over in Notting Hill.
He was with another in a stolen motor car, but swore he
had nothing to do with it, so the police sent over the
prints to see if we had him on record here. But we
haven’t. I expect they’ll turn him loose if they haven’t
done so already. But why do you ask ?”

   “Because,” snaps the professor, "that man is the mur-
derer of the erstwhile owner of the Blue Lion!”

  "What!” jerks out the young chap, jumping up like
he had sat on a tack. Then he grabs the prints taken
from Ben’s room, puts them beside the others and squints
at them through a reading-glass.
t By gad> you're right!” says he, seizing the telephone.
"Now, who the devil is the fellow? Good Lord, I hope
they’ve still got him.”

   rhen, after a few words and orders over the telephone:
“He’s safe,” he says, hanging the instrument up. "What
do you say if we go have a look at him?” So off we
went to Notting Hill and into the gaol and down to a cell
with a man sitting inside. He turns around as we look
in and I see his face.

  “My God, Jimmy!” says I.

  And so ’twas. Jimmy the boots!

TIT'ELL, to make a long story short, of course he was

   yy up for a hearing and of course he swore he’d noth-
ing to do with it. He even accounted for his finger-
prints, saying as how, being in and out of the room often,
he’d messed some red on his fingers the day afore the
murder and had meant to clean up where he left the
marks but was that upset by Ben’s death and all that he
clear forgot it. His barrister demanded he be set free,
saying as how there was no evidence against him and only
the flimsy charges of an alien and a scientist with an im-
agination who’d imagined himself an amateur Sherlock
Holmes. But he didn't know Professor Judson; not him.
he didn’t.

   So when Roger Keats got up, all primed with questions
written down by the professor, he turns to Jimmy and
says he, “Will you be good enough to state why you left
the room after the murder was committed and before
the bird was killed ?”

   I could see Jimmy turn pale at that, but he swore he’d
never been in the room.

  “And why was it necessary to destroy the bird, by
wringing its neck?” asked Roger Keats.

   Jimmy twisted a bit, but he swore he knew nothing of
the matter.

  "But,” persisted the barrister, "you must have
noticed that it had begun to rain while you went for the
knife. You got quite wet, did you not? And who did
you hear or think you heard that prevented you from
leaving by the door rather than go out a second time in
the rain? You must have heard something that caused
you to go out by the window after all.”

   Well, with that Jimmy collapsed. He was a ratty sort
anyhow, a sly little cockney, but no backbone to him,
and he knew Roger Keats had him cornered.

   He confessed everything and was tried and convicted,
but he was never hanged. He died in prison, being as
much scared to death as anything, I expect, and he vowed
to the last he’d never got a stone or as much as a gold
sovereign for murdering poor Big Ben.

  But what puzzled me and Lemuel and Roger Keats
and the rest was how the professor knew about Jimmy
leaving the room and it raining, and him waiting at the
door and being scared and going out the window and
all.

  The professor grinned when we asked him.

  “Goodness gracious!" he said. “It was very simple
indeed. You see, as I have already told you, the bird is
a most remarkable one. Not only do its feathers con-
tain green pigment, but that pigment is more or less fugi-
tive. In other words, it ‘runs’ when wet, but instead of
‘running’ as a green color, it turns to red. The moment
I saw the stuffed bird with the red stains on its feathers
I knew that the man who had throttled it had to do so
with wet hands. I also knew that it must have been his
fingers and hands that had left the red stains on the
window-ledge and door.

   "It was quite obvious also that the murder had been
committed before the bird had been killed, otherwise
there would have been red marks on the murdered man’s
throat or clothing or on the cord that had been used to
strangle him. Why, I asked myself, had the mur-
derer’s hands been wet? Why were there red
(Continued on page 82)
A concrete picture of what their unthinkably remote homeland must He like began to take form

<2
 he C

  of the

By Isaac R. Nathanson

OINCE the dawn of man’s advent on the earth, he has cut down and elimi-
nated everything—animate or inanimate—that interfered in any way with
his safe progress. Rarely did he hesitate in his cruelties, for was man not a
superior being? Was he not possessed of the highest intelligence and ruling
power? If conditions became reversed—if, for instance, a vastly superior in-
telligence, in a form entirely different from the human, were suddenly landed
in our midst, it is quite probable that it would take man a long while to realize
what it was all about. This story, although written by an author new to
AMAZING Stories, reads like the work of an old favorite. It is an exceed-
ingly ingenious tale, dealing with the nebula of Andromeda, the science of
which has apparently been carefully checked back. We know you will be
glad to know there are more stories by Mr. Nathanson coming soon.

Illustrated by MOREY

IN ALL the long tortuous climb of mankind, from
the time when man was but a savage brute to the
high tide of civilization of the Twentieth Century,
never before was there such great widespread pros-
perity. It is true, here and there, in this part of
the world and that, poverty reared its ugly head. Misery
and want, the innumerable indignities of life—even in-
security, still existed, often side by side with immense
power and wealth. But taken as a whole, the world in
the middle of the Twentieth Century presented a picture
of general prosperity far surpassing any period that went
before.

  Truly man had become like unto the gods. With
consummate skill and marvelous ingenuity the materials
of the entire earth were called upon to minister to every
want of mankind—nay, even every whim. Vast indus-
tries, linked by almost instantaneous means of communi-
cation, covered with a busy network every continent.
Men of learning, the probers after the new and the un-
tried, were steadily adding to the wealth and resources
of the whole world. Everything on the face of the earth,
under its surface, in the water, in the very air, was sub-
ject to man’s will. And even with things beyond this
earth patient men sat hungrily scanning the shining orbs
of immensely far away suns and possible worlds.

  One of the great tragedies of this upward surging
civilization’s forces has been the fate of the subject living

things of the earth. Side by side with man’s greatness,
his material wealth, stalked cruelty and want. That has
been the great blot, the reproach upon the character of
mankind. No pity has been shown the weaker forms of
life. Thoughtlessly, cruelly, needlessly, many harmless
interesting, even useful, creatures have been exterminated
utterly. And the weaker brothers of man—they, too,
have not always been handled with gentleness.

  In the time of which we write, although there were
many signs that the world was indeed growing better,
mankind as a whole, particularly they who sat in the seats
of the mighty, was drunk with power and surfeited with
luxury. The comforts of life were everywhere; fine
homes were common, and gilded palaces, public and
private, dotted the globe. The very taking of food had
almost lost its original purpose and become nigh unto
a ceremony, elaborate in its ritual. For many idle hands
and idle minds, with more than was good for them,
waxed foolish with their petty comings and goings—and
many sinned mightily.

  Thus, after a long age-old struggle, a creature called
Man sat on high; and at his behest moved and changed
and used this planet as he saw fit—truly lord of creation.

THE inauguration of a president of The United
States was going on. It was a chilly day on March 4,
1937; the sky was overcast with dull clouds, and a slight

43
44

AMAZING STORIES

drizzle was coming down steadily. Washington was be-
decked with flags and gay colors; and the multitude
patiently stood at every available vantage point bravely
enduring the discomfort of the inclement weather in
order to view the inauguration ceremony. In spite of the
weather the spirit of festival was in the air; the entire
capital was gay and holiday-bent. Foremost citizens and
leaders in all walks of life from all over the nation, diplo-
mats and representatives from every land on earth were
there on this auspicious occasion—nay, lent color and
dignity by their very presence. Something of this spirit
was even wafted on the instantaneous wings of the radio
to the far corners of the world. No more impressive
scene than this can be imagined than this symbol of the
glorious sovereignty of a great people, this visible
splendor of a mighty, prosperous and peaceful nation.

   The swearing in of the new president had just been
completed. The vast crowds which had been viewing the
ceremony, listening in by means of numerous amplifiers,
were commencing to move about; when suddenly, like
the proverbial thunderclap out of a clear sky, an im-
mensely large globe appeared immediately over the
Capitol grounds. It dropped down on the plaza right in
front of the inauguration platform; and in settling
rapidly — yet apparently under control — barely missed
crushing the life out of hundreds of people who were
moving about. There was a loud commotion and mad
scramble to get out of the way.

   Great was the excitement and curiosity aroused all over
the city. News of the strange happening quickly found
its way over radio and news column. Even the inaugural
parade, about to begin, and recorded as the most splendid
in history, was forgotten by many.

   And no wonder. It was no little thing which had so
unexpectedly landed right in the midst of all these fes-
tivities at the very steps of the nation’s Capitol; it was
an extremely large globe over three hundred feet in dia-
meter, of a silvery white metal and highly polished.

   The first fleeting impression created on all observers
was that a solid globe of metal had come down. But, no.
After the first shock of surprise this impression was
quickly dispelled by the orderly appearance of the huge
body, and its rapid but perfectly controlled landing; what
had seemed a solid sphere was now seen to be pierced
with rows of symmetrically spaced circular windows. Be-
sides, the distinct whirring and throbbing of mighty
engines could be heard. There it stood, shimmering in the
sunlight which by now had burst through the clouds—a
thing of beauty to behold. Its weight, however, must
have been enormous, for the bottom of the sphere, which
on closer observation was slightly flattened, settled slowly
through the pavements and surrounding ground.

   Astonishment soon gave way to impatience, and then
to anger. The huge globe obstructed everything in its
path. For a long time it gave not the slightest sign of
life, although everybody around waited impatiently for
its occupants to emerge. That it was an aerial vehicle
of some sort—of that there could be no doubt. The police
on duty forced their way through the densely packed mob
to obtain the identity of the parties in the vehicle, and
upbraid them for their temerity and bad judgment in
landing in such a place and on such an occasion.

   But here was a dilemma indeed; there was no point of
entrance and no one appeared from the inside to whom
orders might be given, or of whom questions might be
asked. The crowds in ever-increasing numbers milled

around and around rendering the police utterly helpless.
It was all very interesting, but also highly exasperating.
And the huge size and weight of the object rendered im-
mediate removal out of the question. Ihe police stood
around in perplexity.

   Naturally there was much speculation as to what and
where this strange vehicle came from, and to whom it
belonged; for here was evidently a new mode of aerial
transportation, unguessed and unheard of. All this specu-
lation was natural and aroused great admiration and
curiosity; but there was also great irritation with the
pilots, whoever they were, as to their manner of arrival
—a fine place indeed to choose for a landing! Life and
limb was saved by a miracle. It was assumed, of course,
that they came from some foreign country, as it would
have been almost impossible to construct—much less fly—
a vehicle of that kind in this country without it having
been widely known and heralded in advance.

   It was not long thereafter, however, when signs of life
in the huge sphere commenced to take place. Interest
became intense. Some of the circular windows began to
open inward with a screwing movement; parts of the
surface seemed to detach themselves and formed into
platforms, and openings appeared disclosing some of the
interior. The crowds became uncontrollable, and surged
forward expectantly. Still no sign of a human being
appeared.

   Just as the officials of law and order were discussing
ways and means of forcible entry, a number of strange
looking objects appeared in one of the openings, then took
to the air in slow circular flights around the globe; finally
settling on a large platform which extended about ten
feet from the ground. These small flying contrivances—
for such they were—disk-like in shape, were about three
feet in diameter; and on top of each, guiding it, was a
strange looking creature. It was hard to determine which
was the animate, and where the purely mechanical part
of the contrivance began.

   The police finally managed to rope off a space sur-
rounding the globe; and forthwith a number of these
strange beings, or whatever they were, settled to the
ground where they were seen to better advantage. A
closer view was positively electric in its effect on the ob-
server. On top of each of the before mentioned flying
disks, in a sort of hollow formed therein, sat, or stood,
or iay—it was impossible to determine which—a being
of the most beautiful appearance imaginable. The body
had about it something of the appearance of a big beauti-
ful sea shell, was somewhat conical in shape, the upper
part convoluting gracefully; and at its dull apex, which
leaned slightly forward, were three bright gray eyes.
The rounded sides showed three arm-like members, slim
and supple, which were endowed with a number of deli-
cate tenacula; these members they seemed able to extend
or withdraw into their bodies at will. The whole body
pulsed and shimmered, and was of a beautiful iridescent
color. Their average weight was perhaps about one hun-
dred and fifty pounds. They wore various small pouches
suspended by silken cords, which were fashioned of flexi-
ble metallic-like material; from these they extracted a
number of queer articles, some of which were very much
like writing pads and pencils. That these creatures,
strange in form yet elegant to behold, were no mere
animated things, but possessed of high intelligence, was
clearly evident.

   When night came on the mysterious globe scintillated
THE CONQUEST OF THE EARTH

45

 with myriads of lights, which shone from its numerous
 round openings. Numbers of these queer beings flew
 hither and thither about the city in their little flying
 machines, small but powerful searchlights flashing; evi-
 dently examining and studying what they could, while all
 night long immense throngs crowded around the Capitol
 grounds seeking to get as close as the police lines per-
 mitted. It was all very mystifying.

 / I ' HE strange thrilling truth at last dawned on every-

   1 body; the scarcely believable truth, that in some
 miraculous manner strange living things, not of this
 earth, were here before them—living, thinking, tool-using
 beings, perhaps just as surprised at seeing us as we were
 to see them. The thing was incredible, unreal, beyond
 belief.

   For ages man and his forbears had always dealt with
 life and the things of this earth, and beyond the academic
 interest of astronomers, pursued his activities as if his
 planet were the only one really existing—the shining stars
 but ornaments for his edification. But here for the first
 time man was brought face to face, as it were, with
 the outside universe. What at first was thought to be
 foreign visitors in a new idea of aviation, turned out to
 be visitors from another world in outer space. The
 mighty repercussion of interest aroused by such an event
 beggars description. It was like the first thrill of a mil-
 lion Lindberghs multiplied a thousand fold.

   Great screaming headlines appeared in all the news-
 papers about “other world visitors,” “Mars” and
 “Venus.” Long columns were written about the various
 planets of the Solar System, including a great deal that
 was speculation, particularly about the “Martians,” and
 their supposedly older and higher civilization. Overnight
 astronomical subjects became the leading topic of
 conversation.

   What was to be done ? Officials racked their heads as
 to the proper procedure. For one thing, no one knew
 how best to approach the queer visitors, nor how to estab-
 lish intercommunication. Even with the most alien of
 humans one knows what to do—the need of creature com-
 forts, shelter, food; but these beings who had so un-
 expectedly introduced themselves into our midst were so
 bewilderingly different, so utterly unlike anything
 imagined. Somehow it had always been taken for
 granted—naively so—even in most tales dealing with
 imaginary life on other planets, that if thinking beings
 existed thereon they most likely possessed characteristics
 of a human mold. The natural viewpoint of man makes
 it hard to conceive otherwise. To be sure, after the true
 nature of our guests was recognized, it was greatly de-
 sired to accord them the welcome they deserved, to extend
 to them every comfort and courtesy—befitting this amaz-
 ing event. But there was no end to take hold of.

   It was finally decided on a committee to formally wel-
 come our astonishing visitors from another world. Promi-
 nent among the welcoming delegation were: Secretary of
 State George B. Staddard; ranking Republican Senator

   J_arv's Smith; Speaker of the House, Congressman
 Willis H. Haynes; Dr. Spencer Adams, of The Smith-
 sonian Institution; Dr. James C. Goodson, of The
 United States Naval Observatory; Professor Russel H.
 Hedges, the eminent astronomer; Professor Hiram G.
 Daniells, eminent biologist; Dr. Ernest W. Porter, presi-
 dent of the Washington Academy of Sciences; and
 others.

   _ Accordingly, the next morning at ten o’clock, our dis-
tinguished delegation approached the large platform ex-
tending from the globe, facing the Capitol, where a large
number of the strangers were gathered. They had with
them large scale charts of the Solar System and stellar
constellations; and by graphic means endeavored to con-
verse with the celestial visitors.

  That they evidently understood our meaning was im-
mediately obvious; for one of them who seemed to be
the leader waved a wand-like staff and at once a large
easel-like stand was brought from within the sphere.
This stand was covered with white material; and the
leader, taking a pencil from one of his pouches, rapidly
and skilfully sketched a sidereal chart of the heavens as
viewed from our Solar System. Then, pointing to a
spiral nebula in the northern constellations, he made an
enlarged drawing of it, laid his wand on one of the stars
of which it was composed, and made it perfectly plain
that the visitors came from that spot in space.

   1 his nebula to which he pointed, was recognized as
the Great Nebula of Andromeda, designated in astrono-
mical catalogues as N. G. C. 223. It is one of the hun-
dreds of thousands of extra-galactic nebula scattered
in far off space. A number of the spiral nebulas had at
last been resolved in our largest telescopes, and are defi-
nitely placed by leading astronomical authorities as way
and beyond the uttermost limits of our Sidereal Uni-
verse ; in fact are distinct and entirely separate universes,
immeasurably farther than the most remote star in our
Milky Way.

  _ The Great Nebula of Andromeda, from which our
visitors had so dramatically come, is distant about a mil-
lion light-years from our Solar System. Visible to the
naked eye as a hazy star of the fourth magnitude, viewed
through a large telescope it is one of the most magnificent
objects in the heavens. It is the largest known of any
of the spiral nebula, and is in reality an incomprehensibly
vast system composed of hundreds of millions of stars,
similar in size and physical structure to those of our
own universe. The whole system is so remote that its
individual stars are indistinguishable except by the largest
telescopes.

   After further efforts it was learned that the home of
our visitors was a small planet approximately the size of
our Earth, revolving about a star somewhat larger than
the Sun. This was all the information it was possible to
get at the time from the celestial voyagers, due to the
great difficulty of a mutual medium of understanding.
It was only by means of astronomical charts and descrip-
tive drawings on both sides that the above information
could be gleaned.

   Words cannot describe the tremendous sensation this
caused throughout the entire world. It crowded every-
thing off the front pages of newspapers altogether. In
fact, so strange and so unbelievable was all this, as to
cause a feeling of doubt to persist in many of the best
informed quarters. Eminent savants in Germany, France
and other countries wrote learned treatises relative to
the subject, analyzing the possible from the impossible.
There was even a widespread feeling that some gigantic
hoax had been perpetrated.

  For one thing, how could anything within any con-
ceivable lifetime succeed in bridging the vast unthinkable
distances separating our mite of a world from this outside
universe ? According to our knowledge the speed of light
is the fastest possible speed in the universe. And a
46

AMAZING STORIES

simple calculation sufficed to prove, though fast as light
is, traveling with the inconceivable speed of over one
hundred and eighty-six thousand miles a second, this
enormous speed is but a snail’s pace, when it comes to
interstellar distances. How, then, could this strange craft
ever have bridged a distance which takes light itself the
unthinkable time of one million years to span. It seemed
preposterous.

   And yet, here was stark truth in evidence. Outside
of the human species there was no other bom of this
earth capable of such high powers of thinking and co-
ordinated activities. The extra-mundane derivation of
these strangely formed beautiful beings could not be
doubted by all those who saw them. They seemed unable
to move about without their email mechanical vehicles,
which responded to their every touch; on the ground,
up or down, in any direction—at least no one saw them
apart. These vehicles were of the same metallic substance
as that of the huge sphere, and they moved about in them
with scarcly a sound, with no more effort than we do
in our clothes.

   For seven days our extra-terrestrial sojourners, of
whom there were several hundred, remained where they
were. Efforts were made to invite them into our midst,
and minister to their comforts, although no one could
tell what these comforts might be. Beyond entering the
Capitol, White House and other places, they did not seem
to need or care for anything. The Andromedans, as we
named them, moved and flew about here and there, ex-
amining, testing everything with which they came in con-
tact. Vegetable growths in particular seemed to interest
them highly; they hovered about trees, bushes and other
growths for long periods. A passing dog or other animal
would draw their interest immediately; they would con-
verge on it in numbers for study, and the animal would

 flee in great fright.

   A scientific committee spent every minute possible in
the company of the visitors, seeking to learn what they
could. They in turn were not only interested in our ef-
forts at interchange of intelligence, but seemed interested
and puzzled at the construction of the human body, prod-
ding and touching us constantly—a mildly uncomfortable
experience, because their bodies were slightly charged
with electricity.	fe

   During all this time very little more was learned re-
garding the Andromedans. Their mentality, and ours
seemed to offer no common ground for easy communica-
tion. They appeared to have no head, as we know it,
no ears, nose; nor any other of the animal organs which
we are wont to associate with intelligent life. As to the
more intimate details regarding these beings, such as
anatomical functions as well as means of contact with
the objective, our understanding was very limited; inso-
far as it was impossible to examine them more
thoroughly.

   Then one morning the huge sphere gracefully lifted
off the ground slowly like a mountainous bubble, and with
an immense roar of machinery, floated off at an increas-
ingly great speed in an easterly direction. Everyone was
disappointed to see them go; and large numbers watched
until the huge craft became a mere speck on the horizon.

   Ships at sea reported sighting the sphere moving with
incredible speed over the Atlantic. A few hours after-
wards word was received from Belgium that the An-
dromedans had landed there, about ten kilometers from
Antwerp, causing great excitement.

   After a two days stay in Belgium, during which time
the most eminent sicentists of Europe did their best to
get what information they could, the Andromedans moved
on and landed in Germany, near Munster. They stayed
there a few days, causing the most tremendous furor,
many journeying from England and far points of the
continent to view the strange sight with their own eyes.
Doubt of the extra-mundane origin of the strangers could
no longer be entertained. Everywhere the Andromedans
went they were followed by vast swarms of curious hu-
manity, often so overwhelming in their forward surgings,
despite the best efforts of police and military guards,
that the visitors many times had to rise into the air to
avoid being crushed.

   For over a month the strangers in their flying globe
moved on; stopping in Russia, China, India, and touch-
ing here and there, humanity eager and all agog. Their
craft was continually sighted in various parts of the
world, though, at the last, seldom landing. Finally no
more was seen or heard of the space voyagers. They
totally disappeared as suddenly and mysteriously as they
had appeared. It was assumed that they departed from
this Earth to continue their interstellar voyaging. And
for many years the thrilling visit of the Andromedans
remained an interesting subject of discussion in wide
circles and in much print.

TWENTY-FIVE years passed by. Beyond the mere
records of fact, the world had completely forgotten
the stirring visit of life from another universe. A few
moving pictures of the event, a few stray photographs of
their far-off homeland the visitors left behind—that was
all there was left to record. Outside of the knowledge
that intelligent life in a strange form existed in a far-off
pinpoint of space, and the immense impetus given the
study of astronomy, the world was not changed one bit.
The even tenor of its existence went on from generation
to generation.

   The world slowly improved, ever growing more ef-
ficient, more comfortable, more sanitary—and even more
just. But the daily things of life, the good and the bad,
continued just the same as they always have done for
ages back. For however the outer forms of civilization
may change, be it remembered that regardless of his ma-
terial improvements, the inner life of man, his basic feel-
ings and emotions, change but little—and these very
very slowly. The same old vanities, the same old bigotries,
the same old hatreds existed, with their resulting strife
and miseries. And yet, there was no doubt about it; the
world as a whole had grown better—much better and
happier. Little did the world know or appreciate how
well off it was. Had humanity had an inkling of the
tragic drama about to be enacted, the inconsequential
things of life, so important to many, would have seemed
trifling indeed. The soul of man was soon to be tried
with fire—his very existence doubtful.

   Suddenly, on June 5, 1962, with a suddenness that
staggers the imagination, the same strange beautiful
beings which had stirred our world of a generation ago,
appeared once more. This time, however, there arrived
about a hundred of their huge metallic spheres, somewhat
larger even than the first one of twenty-five years ago.
The immense fleet landed in open ground eleven miles
east of Cincinnati.

   The excitement and astonishment caused by this second
appearance of the Andromedans, defies description. In
THE CONQUEST OF THE EARTH

47-

the times of which we write, mechanical advancement
had progressed at such an accelerating rate that almost
anybody could reach almost anywhere very quickly; and
as the day these huge globes landed was the week-end,
vast throngs from great distances motored and flew to
the spot—it takes very little to attract the multitude.
Many even flew clear across the Atlantic to see the
strange sight. Once again the whole world was thrilled to
its innermost core.

   That the Andromedans this time had come for some
sort of important business was soon evident. For shortly
after landing, their spherical vessels formed into a large
circle, and began disgorging vast quantities of machinery
and supplies. As each craft was manned by many hun-
dreds of these exotic beings, it can readily be seen that
there were several score thousand of them; each moving
about in his graceful little airmobile, as we called it.

   A scene of tremendous activity commenced, the like
of which was never seen by human eye. With powerful
machinery of immense size, the Andromedans began
excavating, leveling, and building over a large area many
square miles in extent. A concrete picture of what their
unthinkably remote homeland must be like began to take
form. Huge structures, many over a thousand feet high,
steadily formed to rear their vast hulks from their deep
foundations. And strangely beautiful they were too, so
utterly different. The circle and oval, the ellipse and the
spiral, were the predominating motifs. All their buildings
were circular or oval in shape, gigantic in size, set well
apart, the intervening spaces serving as streets. Here
and there piercingly tall towers, two to three thousand
feet in height, spiraled their graceful way up towards
the sky. They constructed their materials right on the
spot. Wherefrom they obtained the enormous power
necessary to their operations was a mystery. At night
the whole sky for miles around was aflame with the fires
of their industry.

   Gradually more and more was learned of the nature
of our extra-mundane guests, which the short visit of a
generation ago did not permit. Their power of sight, for
instance, was considerably different from the human.
Their eyes, of which they possessed three, were very
mobile, being located at the tip of three stubs; and un-
like ours they had the power of magnification, which they
exert at will, when focusing on minute or distant objects.
In addition, they had another sense which we humans
lack—another sort of an eye, at the base of the triangle
formed by the others, by means of which they could
register rays of the ultra-violet, thereby enabling the
Andromedans to see things forever invisible to us. Hear-
ing they had none, nor could our authorities find any
traces of the sense of smell, although our visitors reacted
violently in the presence of putrescence. Neither did they
have the power of speech, which, however, was no draw-
back to them, as they conversed among themselves by
means of signs, incomprehensible to us, but which their
ultrapowerful eyes enabled them to carry on even in the
dark and at great distances.

   Natural foods, such as we earthly creatures enjoy, they
did not need. Their nourishment was of their own com-
pounding, made from the natural elements, of which they
partook' by means of an organ in the center part of the
body. They did not seem to need the intermediation of
plants or animals for their sustenance; but had the power
to absorb and assimilate and build their bodies directly,
as only some of our plant life can. They did need air,

and consumed large quantities of water. The metabolism
was very low, and waste products negligible.

   The most interesting thing about them was their sex
—or rather lack of sex. We learned the amazing fact
that these beings were extremely long of life, their aver-
age age running into several thousand years, equaled in
duration only by our California Sequoias. Death, such as
afflicts us mortals, is a thing undreaded with them; for
their deaths are births, and their births are deaths, the
offspring retaining even the memories of their imme-
diate parents for the duration of their individual life.
The Andromedans are monosexual; a form which, though
lacking in interest from our viewpoint, nevertheless has
its advantages by keeping their kind from division into
two highly attractive but often antagonistic camps. At
a point of their life comparable to our very ripe ma-
turity, the mutual attraction of two Andromedans re-
sults in the beginning of a growth in each, which con-
tinues until the parent, usually at an extreme age, is
finally discarded, thus giving birth to two individuals,
never more nor less. Or it would be more correct to say,
that two partly grown individuals take the place of the
parents. This form of birth is always a joyful event
and is the occasion for much celebration. The offspring
at birth are already part grown, or rather, it would
be more correct to state, that for a long time they are
part of the body of the parent, gradually usurping its
entity, until at a certain point the parent dies, and the
children take on a separate existence. This, too, al-
though not quite agreeable to our senses, has its' ad-
vantages—the parent always knows the whereabouts of
its children, and the children, after separation, may not
have to worry about possible burdensome parents.

  The Andromedans, although beautifully built and
highly sensitive, are incapable of rapid self-locomotion.
They have three appendages by means of which they can
move about, but these are entirely too short and unfit
for rapid progress either through long disuse or by
nature; their movement was very slow and creepy.
Practically every minute of their life, except during
periods of rest which were very short, they spent in their
little airmobiles, much as we do in our clothes. By
means of these they became very swift and active indeed.
Our scientists, who were free to study the strangers and
their ways without any hindrance whatsoever, found
these small flyers extremely interesting. As mentioned in
a former place, these were small concaved disks in which
the Andromedans went about and did their ' work.
Long ago they discovered the related nature of gravi-
tation and electricity as being basically one and the same
thing; and so have been able to devise a way of insu-
lating these disks, so as to free themselves at will from
the attraction of gravity. The means by which this was
done was, however, so extremely complicated as to defy
the thorough understanding of our scientists; although
they derived some very valuable ideas, which, it is
hoped, will some day bear fruit.

  The Andromedans were entirely peaceable beings.
We looked in vain for any signs of querulousness, or
any sort of combativeness. They went about all happily-
engaged in their various pursuits. Their greatest urge
and passion seemed to be work and activity. To describe
their social organization, as well as other interesting
features, would take too long and is beyond the scope
of this short narrative; the interested student, however,
may obtain this at the proper sources.
48

AMAZING STORIES

BUT though the Andromedans went ahead steadily
about their business of building, erecting and
altering—the reasons for much of which we could but
guess—apparently offering no harm ; nevertheless they
were excavating and otherwise changing enormous tracts
of land on which were many prosperous farms, small
settlements and public highways. All this was done with-
out previous notice or permission. They simply concen-
trated at any chosen spot a vast amount of equipment,
and commenced operations on such a titanic scale and in
such large numbers, that one just had to move on. And
so a great hue and cry went up, particularly from the far-
mers and small villagers whose property rights were thus
violated without any notice whatsoever.

   As the activities of the Andromedans continued, they
 became more and more objectionable, to say the least.
 And the complaints of the dispossessed and often home-
 less property owners became ever louder. Something
 had to be done. However, as the local authorities did not
 wish to be rude in any way to the celestial visitors, nor to
 be criticised by the interested outside world for untoward
 action—most likely they had no understanding nor idea
 of what we had long ago come to consider as property
 rights—an effort was made to communicate with the
 Andromedan leaders in order to explain to them the dis-
 comfort and grievous losses they were causing many
 citizens. Also at the same time the authorities wanted
 to know the why of their building operations, which by
 this time were beginning to assume immense proportions.

  Accordingly, Sheriff Harold S. Lowell, of Hamilton
 County, requested the group of scientists who were in
 constant touch, to explain the serious situation to the
 newcomers, so that their stay would be as pleasant and
 non-irritating as possible; to convey our desire to treat
 them with the utmost cordiality and good will. No one
 at the time thought that their second visit to our earth,
 although on a much larger and more active scale, was
 anything more than transitory.

  This approach was made. But although every effort
 was made, either they would not, or could not, be made
 to understand our ingrained repugnance to the violation
 of property rights. Speech, as we know it, they had
 none. But they learned to write our language, and we in
 turn learned to write theirs. A deal more was learned
 from the Andromedans concerning their home world
 and manner of existence. And the salient facts of their
 existence ran something like this:

   Their cosmic system, located in one of the spirals of
 the Great Nebula of Andromeda, on the far side, unlike
 our Solar System, was a binary, so common in siderial
 space. It consisted of a sun larger than ours, and
 around it revolved a small dark companion about the
 size of our earth which was their home. The physical
 nature of their planet was remarkably like ours, which
 it resembled in its make-up of land, water and mete-
 orological conditions, except that their planet contained
 about twice our proportion of surface land area, and
 only about half of the water.

   Vegetation and other forms of life they did not know
   of; or if they ever did exist, they had practically no
   record of it. For ages and ages as far as their knowl-
   edge went, they were the only form of life on their
   world, there being no other kind coexistent as in our
   world. They found so few records of former life, and
   these were so fragmentary in their nature, that although
   they knew that some time in the remote past there had

 been other life on their planet, it was so long ago that
 the very existence of it had been forgotten. Due . to
 some cataclysm or other causes of which they themselves
 didn’ know the origin or nature, the Andromedans did
 not have a complete record of their descent.

   Their numbers ran into six trillions. So crowded had
 living conditions become for them on their planet, which
 we named in our records as Androm, that their habita-
 tions had made of it one vast continuous city.

  About seventy-five thousand years ago living con-
 ditions and requirements had become so intense, that
 practically the final limit had at last been readied—
 in spite of all their science and all their art. They had
 long ago perfected a means of traveling through space;
 and for scores of thousands of years their space travelers
 had covered abysmal distances throughout their own
 universe and many others, seeking another world fit to
 live on. And always and a3 far as they went, and where-
 ever they went, they found space void and lifeless; the
 infinite number of bodies it contained uninhabited and
 uninhabitable.

   For strange to say, although most of us on this earth
 had always taken it for granted otherwise, our
 Andromedan visitors informed us that life—any kind of
 life—is a rare phenomenon indeed throughout the length
 and breadth of infinite space; that so far as they had
 discovered—and they had covered incomprehensibly
 vast reaches of space—there was no other life extant,
 excepting on their planet Androm and our planet Earth.
 They found our galactic universe and other universes,
 although containing uncountable numbers of stars and
 other forms of matter—these were all either too hot or
 too cold, too small or too large, their physical content
 and form in some way entirely unsuited to support the
 vital processes of life. Even when they did find a body
 in itself suitable, it was either too close to its luminary
 or too far, its axial inclinations too oblique or its orbital
 path too extreme, or the warmth giving rays were of a
 kind destructive to life altogether. In short, the con-
 ditions which give birth to life and permit the vital pro-
 cesses necessary for its continuance, are so infinitely
 rare, so complicated, of such a rare combination of
 causes—the necessary fine balance so easily upset; that
 life, though plentiful on the two planets, was the most
 rare thing in the whole Universe.

  The Andromedans had reached a marvelously ad-
vanced plane in their arts, their sciences and engineering
skill; and were able to bring about enormous trans-
forming works, greatly controlling the weather and
other conditions. But they needed the kind of atmos-
phere we do, also water, and plenty of it; neither could
they thrive, mainly for reasons of gravity, on a world
much larger or smaller than our Earth.

    And so, when they first sighted our system twenty-
 five years ago, they were impressed with the beauty and
 changing colors of our Earth. They decided 011 a closer
 inspection before moving on, slackening their tremen-
 dous speed accordingly. While still far away, there was
 that about the appearance of our planet which interested
 them more than any other they had seen before. _ Their
 powerful telescopes revealed thrilling signs of what
 could only be explained by the possible existence of life.
 W'hen they landed, and saw that terrestrial conditions
 ' were tolerable for them, and that above all there was life,
 they were as stunned as we were to see them.

At last, here was a world to colonize, to take the sur-
THE CONQUEST OF THE EARTH

49

plus population of their world! It took them twelve
years to return to Androm; and the news which they
brought was received with great joy and relief. Their
world had practically given up finding another livable
globe, and certainly never expected to find life anywhere
on any other than their own.

  Immediately a great expedition was fitted out and sent
speeding its way toward the Milky Way. It took con-
summate skill to find again our speck of a solar system
—our sun being only one of the billions the galaxy con-
tains. Also the disconcerting news was imparted that
they were but the advance guard; that many other ex-
peditions were being fitted out as rapidly as possible to
follow on their heels; for the biologic pressure of their
growing population, although very slowly increasing,
had now become absolutely unendurable.

  Our physicists and astronomers were greatly puzzled,
however, by what means they were able to bridge such
vast distances in such a short time as twelve years. But
as near as they could gather—for the understanding of it
required the knowledge of complicated mathematical
operations and physical laws which it would take years to
understand, much less to fully master—tlie Androme-
dans had a means of rapid acceleration that had no abso-
lute limit. This acceleration they could increase at a
geometrical ratio, till they went with the speed of light.
Once the critical speed of light was reached, the ordinary
laws of time, 6pace, matter and velocity ceased to oper-
ate. They moved as if in another dimension, enabling
them to attain a speed which covered interstellar dis-
tances as an airplane covers earthly distances. And,
of course, they were able to decelerate by the same
means. In their long voyaging they sometimes passed
entirely through a gaseous nebula, hardly knowing it,
for many of these gaseous nebulae are millions of times
more rarefied than any artificial vacuum. They were
equipped with special delicate instruments to automatic-
ally avoid accidental collision with bodies of harmful
size. Thus we see that the marvel of mind has always
been its ability to circumvent, as it were, or rather to
take advantage of, the unknown laws of nature.

IN the meantime, the Andromedans and their works
became increasingly interesting, and excited every-
one’s imagination. They were the leading news feature.
The entire world was kept informed, and they who could
not take in the sights on the spot saw and heard with
unabated interest the doings of the Andromedans over
their televisors and radios.

  But what was at first a highly interesting event—for
the doings of these other world beings were extremely
interesting and on a truly majestic scale—became in time
somewhat disconcerting; for it took on all the earmarks
of a permanent settlement. And as their activities
grew and spread, ever including more and more area, the
authorities began to be alarmed. It was also feared
that some of the irate farmers, whose homes and farms
were destroyed, would take matters into their own hands
and resort to firearms—thereby creating an unpleasant
complication. For what cared they about the romance
of other world visitors, when their homes were at stake.

  The local authorities, scarce knowing what to do in
this unprecedented situation, and feeling that it had
become a matter of more than local importance, appealed
to Governor Whalen. However, as the State author-
ities neither would countenance nor wished the use of

  force, it was decided it would be best to leave the An-
dromedans alone. Besides, the general opinion was that
if kept within bounds the tremendous industry of the
strange settlers would add enough to the general wealth
to more than make up for the few square miles they
occupied. The upshot of the whole matter was that the
Ohio Legislature, approved by the Governor, voted
from the State Treasury indemnification amounts cover-
ing the losses suffered by the dispossessed landowners.
Also the Andromedans were enjoined from extending
their operations beyond certain specified boundaries
without conforming to our established laws.

  It was soon found that this did not help matters for
long. And to add to the growing seriousness of the sit-
uation, some months after the first arrival, another ex-
pedition as large as the first landed alongside the first.
From then on a constant stream of new arrivals came,
landing Andromedans by the scores of thousands, who
from their first center spread out farther and farther.

  By the time a year had gone by the situation had
grown serious to the last degree. Their ever-spreading
activities reached and threatened the environs of Cin-
cinnati, and had swallowed up all the villages around.
They even bridged the Ohio, and commenced their
operations in Kentucky. The State authorities, who
had exhausted all their efforts to keep the peace, were
at their wits’ end. The situation was all the harder to
handle in so far as these beautiful intelligent beings were
very gentle and seemed totally harmless. Except for
their usurpation of property and land, not a human hair
had been touched. They just didn’t seem to understand
our laws. So far there had been a constant friendly
intercourse. Our experts aiid men of learning gleaned
many valuable processes of a practical nature. The
Andromedans were marvelous technicians and artists;
and they showed us a few tricks, particularly in the
realms of metallurgy, chemistry and mechanics, that
made our experts feel like rank novices. Just the same
we watched their activities with growing concern.

  But when a great important city like Cincinnati ap-
peared to be in the path of certain destruction, it became
a different matter altogether. Things had gone entirely
too far. The bewildering situation had taken on such
enormous proportions that it was too big to be easily
handled. It was like an insidious growth in the body, to
which growth one does not attach full significance until
it is too late. Everyone suddenly woke up to the real
danger. And the governors of Ohio and Kentucky, not
caring to assume responsibility for a state of affairs
which they felt had grown beyond their control, it was
decided to throw the whole matter into the hands of the
Federal authorities.

  Realizing that here was a condition of affairs fraught
with possible dynamite, the consequences of which no
one could foresee, the Federal authorities decided to
take active steps toward a solution of the problem. The
Andromedans were Informed in a courteous but firm
manner that their spreading activities were highly ob-
jectionable. They could remain where they were, as
they were already settled, by contributing in kind to the
general welfare. But all further spreading must cease
altogether and immediately.

  By this time intercommunication had so progressed
that the new settlers fully understood our demands. They
made it plain to us, however, that they wished no harm as
to our life and human activities; but inexorable necessity
50

AMAZING STORIES

forced them to take whatever space was needed for their
ever enlarging population. And as furthermore great
numbers of their kin were on the way, and would con-
tinue to come in a vast migration to our planet, that we
humans had best get accustomed to the idea right now
and live our own life as best we may, without bothering
or interfering with them, even though their usurpation of
land conflicted with our rights.

  Of course, all this was utterly preposterous. It was
tantamount to conquest of part of our fair land, and
could not be suffered in any degree.

  It was the constant arrival of these strange beings
from another universe which was the most alarming
thing about the whole business. The quiet persistent
pressure of their peaceful infiltration, the rapid spread of
their enormous engineering and building works, pro-
duced an ever growing tenseness in an utterly undreamed
of situation. They were changing entirely the land-
scape wherein their activities centered. Had they been
some foreign humans who had thus settled uninvited
amongst us, action would have taken place sure and swift
long before this. But it was the very unusualness of the
thing, the unbelievable, astounding happening going on
right under our very noses, as it were, coupled with our
first natural interest in the strange newcomers, which
had disarmed us at first and allayed any apprehension.

  The remarkable state of affairs was brought home
directly to the Europeans also, by the landing of another
large contingent of Andromedans on the western border
of Germany, who being aware of our perplexing prob-
lem, looked not with kindly eye upon their uninvited
guests. Then shortly thereafter in quick succession, a
colony settled in Spain, another in England, and still
another in southern Russia.

  Our first enthusiastic reception and courtesies' ex-
tended the celestial beings, now gave way to genuine
alarm. The situation had become impossible.

  The President called an extraordinary session of Con-
gress to meet the growing danger. Pacifists were
howled down, and force was decided upon, distasteful
though it was to many.

  The War Department was authorized to take whatever
steps were necessary. Large numbers of militia and
Federal troops were called out, under the command of
Major General Bruce T. Wallace, and began concentrat-
ing about the affected district. Artillery was massed in
close formation, forming a ring of steel about the An-
dromedans; while large fleets of observation and bomb-
ing planes were held in readiness for action.

  Be it remembered that all this time the objects of our
concern were going peaceably about their business, pay-
ing not the slightest attention to our military maneuvers.
They did not seem aware of the fact that punitive action
threatened them. Our newspaper men, and for that
matter anyone else who chose, had perfect access and
liberty to the vast city which the Andromedans were
building. They were very friendly and took every pre-
caution to avoid bodily injury to man or beast. Beyond
their usurpations they were entirely peaceable and harm-
less. It seemed a shame to fire upon these apparently
defenseless, industrious, intelligent beings who were
busily engaged in digging canals, building immense
industries, architectural structures beautiful to behold,
wide streets paved with a shiny metal, and other crea-
tions of a wonderful civilization. However there was
nothing else to do.

  An ultimatum was delivered the Andromedans on
July 16th, 1963. It stated that where they had already
settled, those that were here could continue as they were,
subject to laws of the land; but no new immigrants of
their kind would be allowed to remain; that further
encroachment on new territory was strictly forbidden;
that they were to pay, in a manner to be decided on
later, the full amount of the value of the land they oc-
cupied and gun-fire would be resorted to if they dis-
obeyed. They were given twenty-four hours to comply
with and acknowledge acceptance of the terms of the
ultimatum, which expired ten A. M. the following day.

  Interest was everywhere at fever heat. The Germans
and Russians, who by now each had a very large colony
of their own to deal with, were awaiting the outcome on
this side of the Atlantic to follow our precedent. No
one really knew what the consequences would be, al-
though no one doubted the ability of the military to con-
trol the situation. The Andromedans were not warlike.
War was a thing unknown in their world. Our military
intelligence reported they saw not the slightest sign of
means of offence or defense, although no doubt their
great knowledge and vast powers of industry were fully
capable of a great deal if given time. They could be
easily destroyed long before they knew what it was all
about.

  All civilians were ordered out of the district, and
everything was held in readiness for the blow-off.

  Evidently the Andromedans either would not or could
not understand our warlike intentions, or had decided to
pay no attention to the ultimatum. So promptly at ten
o’clock, at the expiration of the ultimatum, the military
forces let go. A terrific, overwhelming artillery fire was
laid over the entire area. Overhead aerial forces drop-
ped huge quantities of the most destructive explosives.
Even poison gas of the deadliest kind was liberated in
enormous volume, in an effort to wipe out the entire area
in the shortest possible time. The din could be heard for
miles and miles. It seemed nothing could remain alive. At
the end of three hours of continuous bombardment,
orders were issued to cease; and reconnoitering planes
flew all over the affected area to see the result.

  They reported vast damage had been done. Great
numbers of the Andromedans were caught in the con-
centrated fire and killed. But with a shock of amaze-
ment it was learned that their huge spheres, of which
there were many hundreds had not been injured in the
slightest; and the surviving Andromedans had no doubt
taken refuge in them. These spherical space flyers had
evidently been constructed of a material to withstand
any accidental shocks encountered in their cosmic flights;
and our mightiest gun fire and explosives had made as
much impression on their huge craft as peas would
against a concrete building.

  Another bombardment was ordered, this time con-
centrated on the globes, their space fliers. Suddenly these
were seen to rise into the air; and in the midst of the
deafening noise, there shot forth from all their globes
blinding, lightning-like flashes, accompanied by terrific
thunderclaps—striking the massed artillery and military
forces. These lightning flashes came in a tremendously
fast, flickering succession, paralyzing in their searing
heat, and striking with all the force of a million thunder-
bolts, instantly enveloped the entire countryside with
continuous white hot, explosive sheets of flame, shat-
tering and destroying everything, and blowing up all
THE CONQUEST OF THE EARTH

51

the ammunition and explosives gathered about. The
entire earth heaved and shook, as if in the grip of a
violent earthquake.

  The devastation caused by these electric discharges,
for such they appeared to be, is beyond description.
Men and guns lay around in indescribable confusion.
Many who were not dead seemed paralyzed. In less than
fifteen minutes our entire artillery was completely si-
lenced, and of the large fleet of powerful bombers nearly
all were brought down. The remaining soldiery were
ordered to retreat to avoid utter annihilation. A lesson
was taught us in destructiveness, the like and the over-
whelming power of which was never before experienced
on this planet. Horror, consternation and anger filled
everyone’s heart.

  After the terrible destruction of our military forces,
with their sickening loss of life, the Andromedans
emerged from their fortress globes, and commenced re-
construction of their shattered area. They made no
effort at reprisal nor pursuit; but the way they stationed
their globes there could be no doubt that they were now
ready to meet another attack very promptly.

THE United States War Department began to make
war preparations on a gigantic scale. The General
Staff met and decided on another attack. This time the
enemy was to be taken by surprise. All available troops
were called out and stationed in a far-flung circle far
enough removed from the affected area to avoid over-
whelming loss of life. After all necessary preparations
were made the attack in force was ordered. The Ninth
Corps and five full divisions of the Second Mechanized
Army, stationed on the west and north, and the entire
First Mechanized Army on the east, converged suddenly
on the enemy in their speeding armored cars. At the same
time, the main force of all-metal war planes, each carry-
ing over a hundred men, shot forward. Across the
Ohio River, well concealed, were ranged battery upon
battery, to intercept the enemy if they sought safety in
flight across the river. The enemy was to be given no
preparatory announcement of the impending attack,
but were to be taken on all flanks completely by sur-
prise and destroyed before they could get into action.

  With great speed our forces rushed forward, and it
looked as if nothing could stop them. The orders were
to kill or capture every living Andromedan. Then, once
again, those terrible, flickering flashes commenced en-
veloping and annihilating everything. Not one armored
car or plane succeeded in getting anywhere near enough
to come to grips; they were burned and shattered, or
blown up by their own ammunition. Very few escaped
when the retreat sounded.

  On the other side of the Atlantic, the Germans, aided
by the Belgians, on whose border the Andromedans set-
tled, had followed the tactics of the United States forces;
and their attacking forces, too, were completely de-
stroyed. The same fate befell the Russians. Following
hard upon this, news reached the civilized world that
another colony of these unwelcome immigrants had
landed in China, near Hankow; and still others in Asia
Minor, India, Egypt and Morocco. And from all these
centers, reinforced by the constant flood of newcomers,
the invaders were rapidly spreading out in all direc-
tions.

  There was now no doubt about it. This faroff
world in the remote reaches of space—the very existence

of which was unknown to us, and such an invasion
considered, if at all, as in the realm of the imagination
—this far-off world, overpopulated, driven by a vast
expanding life-force, and possessed of the power and
means—were intent on sending their millions, even
their billions, to colonize the Earth; and if need be take
forcible possession of whatever portions they wished.

  The more timid among mankind counselled that these
newcomers should be left in peace, so long as they were
not destructive of life. But the general opinion the
world over agreed that the situation was impossible;
that unless humanity wished to be shoved off the earth,
as it were, the invaders must be destroyed, cost what it
would.

A GREAT international council took place in
London, March 18, 1964. Things had come to
such a state that everyone realized the mortal danger
which threatened the entire world. Every effort to re-
sist so far had been smothered in destruction and death.
No single nation could cope with the power of the An-
dromedans. All the civil, political and military leaders
gathered to decide how best to grapple with the common
enemy. For once all nations and peoples were united.
The instinct of preservation made the whole world kin.

  At a solemn conclave in plenary session it was unani-
mously agreed that all nations, .big and little, should each
contribute according to their power and ability, in de-
fense of the common cause. An International Council
of War Ministers was formed. The supreme command
of all the forces was placed in the hands of a triumvirate,
composed of Marshal Francois Fournel of France,
Charles H. Biggers, the American industrialist; and Dr.
Friedrich Hans Goiter, Germany’s great scientist. The
reason an industrialist and a scientist were placed in
command together with a soldier was because it had
long been recognized that in a modern war, especially
in a war of this kind where industrial and scientific re-
sources were the deciding factors, military strategy alone
would not win. This was going to be no mere marching
back and forth, or stalemated trench warfare, such as
previous wars had been between members of the same
human family. Naval power did not even enter into
consideration. They could not be starved out. Here
was needed science, industry—the artfully conceived and
executed application of tremendously destructive power
—to the end that these other-world enemies of mankind
should be destroyed utterly; or at least be forced to
depart. Human civilization marshalled its forces and
girded its loins for the titanic struggle.

  But every effort proved futile and without avail.
There seemed to be no effective way to grapple with the
Andromedans. Every new, every supreme effort was
overwhelmed again and again. And like fast-spreading,
mountainous mushrooms—mushrooms with deep roots
of steel and bodies of indestructible material—the Andro-
medan cities kept growing and spreading, ever usurping
and extending—east and west, north and south—in an
ever widening belt clear around the world. They altered
the courses of mighty rivers; they changed the very
topography of the earth to suit the needs of their particu-
lar civilization. Like a beautiful, yet malignant growth,
they spread and covered the fair face of our good old
Mother Earth.

  Extensive mine fields of the most destructive kind
were planted in belts miles wide completely around their
52

AMAZING STORIES

settlements. To no avail. For as soon as the Androme-
dans learned of their nature, the mines were quickly
blown up from a distance by their terrible lightning
forces. The explosions of these mines at times actually
aided the enemy in their operations. Deadly aerial
bombs directed from a distance by radio were tried. But
these proved more of a boomerang than anything else;
for just as soon as the Andromedans, by means of their
instruments, located our sending stations, they dispatched
fleets of their invincible globes and made chaos of entire
regions. Poison gas, of a new and deadly kind, invented
by the English, was resorted to and a surprise attack
simultaneously in many places did cause large loss of
life among the enemy; but after that our forces were
unable to get near enough to drive home.

   In addition to their shattering powers the Androme-
 dans employed a wave length of the ultra-violet type,
 entirely mysterious to us, but which brought paralysis
 and death at a great distance to all life it touched.

   New ideas, inventions, and suggestions poured in to
 Great Headquarters from all over the world. Every-
 thing that seemed worthwhile was given serious con-
 sideration. Holland flooded large parts of their country
 to stop the enemy’s advance, but it proved a useless sacri-
 fice, for the Andromedans soon drained the flooded
 areas. In India, in northern Africa, large numbers of
 natives lost their lives in futile, fanatical charges. In
 Japan two entire armies were wiped out in a vain at-
 tempt to save Tokio. Brave men there were and many.
 But humanity simply was outclassed and overpowered.
 We could not cross swords with the enemy on an even
 basis. It was like fighting with bows and arrows against
 machine guns and artillery.

   In desperation the high command was finally turned
 over to new military and naval heads for a supreme
 effort. Enormous, frantic preparations were made
 throughout the wide world. Every Andromedan sector
 was to be stormed simultaneously with every possible
 means. It was to be a surprise attack on an epic scale.

   At the zero hour a radio signal flashed all around the
 world; and the entire forces of every nation, big and
 little were hurled forward to take by storm every
 stronghold, and overwhelm the invaders with one fell
 swoop. The attacks were terrific. Persistently and
 fiercely, with ever-mounting, staggering losses we humans
 drove on, ever on. There was no stopping, no turning
 back. Savagely, desperately our attacks continued in
 the very jaws of death. The heroic greatness of man,
 won with a billion deaths on countless battlefields, rose
 to supreme heights. The Andromedans, if they had such
 feelings at all, must have been filled with admiration for
 the epic spectacle of this magnificent heroism, which
 knew no let-up and defied death itself. But they had by
 this time become fully aware of the determination, the
 craftiness and the destructive might of us humans, and
 were fully prepared. They evidently expected it and
 were not caught unawares. Vast numbers of soldiers
 and other combatants were annihilated by their irresisti-
 ble powers of destruction. All efforts were futile. It
 was maddening not to be able even to come to close
 quarters with the enemy—it was like hordes of savages
 against organized steel and explosives.

A GREAT and unexpected tragedy had befallen
mankind. That such a state of affairs should have
come to pass seemed unbelievable. Here was the shud-

 dering, the humiliating spectacle of Man, hitherto the
 lord of creation, bowing his head before a new master.

  The flood of ever-arriving Andromedans spread and
spread like an all-engulfing ocean, steadily, surely, relent-
lessly. Day and night a constant stream of their space-
fliers dropped out of the sky, disgorged their passengers,
and departed. They came by the millions. To the ob-
server there was something overwhelming, something
irresistibly cosmic, about it. As the Andromedans
spread, humanity was forced to recede; not east or west,
but north and south, for the conquerors were extending
themselves in an ever-widening, continuous belt clear
around the w'orld. And as they spread, our cities and
countrysides were completely leveled and reconstructed
according to their own civilization.

  For countless ages Man had ruled the earth. Where-
ever he went all other forms of life receded before him,
or became subject to his will. But his sovereignty over
the world meant untold tragedy to the lower forms of
life. Not always were man’s conquests peaceable or
bloodless; in fact, they were seldom that. Always, nearly
always, man’s cruelty to animal life, even to himself, has
caused endless suffering—often needless suffering. In
his egotism and power man lias naively taken it for
granted that all living things were placed here for his
special benefit—just given him to use as he saw fit. He
tortured, he slew—he ate his living contemporaries. In
his vanity he built whole religions to justify all this
cruelty. And this cruelty to life, although often inevi-
table, was not always necessary. Many harmless, inter-
esting species that took ages upon ages to evolve in the
economic scheme of nature, man has utterly caused to
become extinct without benefit to anyone—often for the
sake of sport. Have the strong always been kind and
generous? What of the Mayas? The North American
Indian? And what of all subject peoples?

  Overnight, as it were, the conditions had suddenly
been reversed. The tragic spectacle of mankind, which
for ages had taken its overlordship of the earth for
granted, suddenly found itself in the same position in
relation to the Andromedans as the inferior creatures
formerly bore to mankind. It is true they were spared
the horrors of being eaten and used at will, as man has
done with his inferiors; for the Andromedans had no
need of man nor of the other forms of life. But ever-
increasing masses of humanity throughout the globe
found themselves homeless and poverty-stricken; forced
to move 011 and on, always north or south. Families of
wealth and influence, the rulers, the mighty of this earth,
found their property and means of sustenance gone;
gradually but surely forced to the level of the lowly and
dispossessed. Verily, a mighty nemesis had overtaken
mankind, overwhelming and complete in its punishment.
The good and the bad, the poor and the rich, the strong
and the weak, the just and the wicked, the arrogant and
the meek—all were engulfed in this consuming disaster.

   Still the inexorable spreading of the conquerors went
on; east and west, north and south. The mighty stream
of their migration continued until they usurped the best
of the habitable globe. Human civilization groped, stag-
gered and fell. Suicide, pestilence, hunger and exposure
took their frightful toll. Untold millions perished.

  At last the pressure of the conquerors ceased. The
avalanche had spent itself. In this most frightful of
forced migrations all semblance of order, all former na-
tional boundaries and divisions were obliterated. All
THE CONQUEST OF THE EARTH

53

humanity, or what was left of it, became as one. And be
it said to the everlasting credit and honor of man—be-
speaking the truly fine grains of gold hidden in his
make-up—that a common lot and a common suffering
united all; and heroism, generosity and self-sacrifice
were common.

A TERRIBLE pestilence had broken out amidst the
surviving masses of humanity, the vast majority
of whom were seeking to reconstruct their lives in the
hitherto unsettled temperate and arctic lands. It was
a new and unknown disease, quick and fatal in its effect.
The air was full of it; and in the disorganized condition
existing there seemed no effective way to combat the
cfcease. It continued to carry off larger and larger num-
bers till it was feared that, what the conquering Andro-
medans left undone, this fearful pestilence would com-
plete.

  Prominent among the doctors in Siberia, battling with
this new foe that was filling man’s cup of woe to the
brim, was Dr. Sakaida Kawamura of Japan, formerly
a bacteriologist of the now destroyed Flowery Kingdom.
With a group of American and Russian colleagues he
labored to do what was possible in stamping out the
dread disease. Dr. Kawamura had been the leading
world authority on bacteriology. He finally succeeded in
isolating the germs of this disease. Gradually an idea
formed in his mind. He discussed it with his colleagues;
secrecy was enjoined. A completely worked-out plan
was presented to the Council of War Ministers, which
still functioned.

  The plan was approved. As drowning men catch at
a straw, so did those who kept their heads in this
supreme hour of tragedy grasp at the new idea. Through-
out untold generations, in his great trials, one of the
saving elements of Man has been the magic word:
hope. The idea did hold out great hope; news was
flashed about without revealing its nature to bolster
waning spirits and instill new courage.

  A secret expedition was carefully fitted out. It was
a dangerous mission, composed solely of volunteers of
all races, for it most likely meant sure death. Each
man was carefully trained and rehearsed for his part.
To be at all successful there could be no slip-up, for the
enemy was sharply on the lookout at all times; and it
was extremely difficult to get very far into their terri-
tory. The plan of action was as follow's: Several hun-
dred planes of the new kind, capable of over six hundred
miles an hour, were each equipped with thousands of
small cylinders containing the active virus of the terrible
disease—thanks to Dr. Kawamura—now under control
as far as mankind was concerned. The cylinders also
contained, in addition to the virulent culture, quantities
of fine steel splinters, and were made to float to ground
where the slightest touch would detonate them, scattering
the deadly messengers far and wide. The planes, sta-
tioned clear around the world, each as close as possible
to the largest enemy centers, were to dash forward, re-
lease their deadly missiles at the right moment, and re-
treat as best as they could. Thus it was hoped that in
thousands of places these virulent germs would start in
their deadly work midst the enemy and accomplish in
their invisible might that which the most powerful means
at our command failed to do.

  After every plane had taken its station, each manned
by the pick of the world’s aviators, a prearranged radio

signal flashed the orders to start these brave heroes on
their dangerous mission. Though it probably meant
death to them, it might prove the salvation of mankind;
and they departed with the fervent prayers of all hu-
manity for their success and safe return.

  Time elapsed. Nothing was known of the result. A
number of the daring heroes returned; the rest never
came back. It was learned that thousands of the deadly
messengers, in widely scattered places where the enemy
lived in greatest numbers, went home. The disease was
respiratory in its effect, and as the Andromedans were
air-breathers, unless they were far better equipped to
battle with it than we were—in these matters doubtful—
the epidemic should spread; and, being most violent in
warmer climes, might destroy the hated enemy or, at
least cause vast numbers to die. But, alas for the hopes
of humanity. Nothing happened. If the pestilence did
get a start, either they were more immune or their
science was capable of coping with it. The plan failed
to produce the desired result. Stark grief and despair
seized everyone.

FRANK RUSSELL HOPKINS, Sc.D., Ph.D., for-
merly of Cambridge, Mass., had settled in Manitoba.
Along with the rest of uprooted humanity lie was en-
deavoring to reconstruct as well as possible his shattered
life. He had lost his only son and eldest daughter, a
daring aviatrix, in the general cataclysm. With his wife
and young daughter they had fled from their native
New England home, which their forebears had settled
centuries ago, and, gathering what meager possessions it
was possible to take, moved north, away from the
dreaded invaders.

  A time came when it meant sure death to remain. At
first, great numbers, finding the usurpers benignly in-
different toward taking life, lingered on, trying their
best to live among the conquerors. But this was a diffi-
cult thing to do. For our bodily habits and manner of
living were so distasteful to them that those who
lingered were at first unceremoniously pushed to one side
—in such a manner as one would disregard a nest of
ants—and then, realizing there could be no truce between
themselves and revengefully determined humanity, they
put to death those who resisted. Finally, exasperated
by the tremendous and ceaseless efforts of us humans
to defend our birthright, and harrassed by our constant
incursions—for perseverance is one of the innate quali-
ties which formerly aided Man in world dominance—the
Andromedans destroyed on sight any human being
within their reach.

  For several generations the family of Hopkins had
been of the typically inventive type, contributing
mightily to our vast industrial progress—usually with
small recompense. As is often the case, the dreamer
and the inventor does not always share in the fruits of
his ideas; so the Hopkinses, though prolific of ideas that
enriched civilization, lived with modest means—often
even pinched for the good things of life.

  For years Dr. Frank Hopkins had been on the ex-
perimental laboratory staff of a great industrial firm in
Pittsburgh. For a number of years before that he was
on the faculty of a large eastern university. But, finding
the niggardly pay of the teaching profession shamefully
inadequate, he resigned in disgust and joined the labora-
tory staff of the Pittsburgh firm. He was an indefatig-
able worker; his knowledge of physical phenomena was
54

AMAZING STORIES

far beyond the ordinary. Many an imjiortant discovery
or invention, which he always assigned to his company,
increasing their huge dividends, meant but a modest in-
crease in his income. However, he was frugal in his
habits, and, aided by an extra commission here and there,
at the age of fifty managed to save up a modest compet-
ence.

  The great, all-absorbing dream of Dr. Hopkins was
the release of atamic energy. Locked tip in every grain
of sand, every bit of matter, were enormous stores of
energy. which, if it could only be tapped, would revolu-
tionize the world. For years all of Dr. Hopkins’ spare
time, and more, was occupied with this dazzling possi-
bility. So absorbed did he finally become in his great
dream, tliat as time went on he became more and more
absent-minded, and his daily work at the plant suffered
in consequence. It prevented the rapid promotion which
his recognized great abilities might have brought him.
He was a kindly soul, always putting himself out for
others and beloved by all.

  Upon the inheritance of a legacy left to his wife, the
famijy came into an independent position. She under-
stood her scholarly, dreaming husband for what he really
was and was immensely proud of him. She loved him
dearly, forever looking to his comfort and shielding him
from petty annoyances. They decided to leave Pitts-
burgh, which they never liked, and once more took up
residence in their native town of Cambridge. There
Dr. Hopkins devoted all his time to the working out of
his great dream.

  Several times he had been on the very verge of the
epochal discovery—a discovery that would do for civil-
ization what fire did for primeval man in the dim and
forgotten past. He knew all this. But always that all-
important detail, necessary to complete practicality,
eluded him. For hours, for days, his mind would wrestle
with the problem, until weary and exhausted he would
drop off into slumber, from which he would waken to
take up the subject with renewed determination.

  On the bitter day of his forced migration, with fear
in every heart, and the temperature hovering round zero,
he managed to take along his beloved instruments and
laboratory equipment. He cursed the Andromedans for
interrupting his researches—just when he felt that the
long years of his intense efforts, combined with his pro-
digious knowledge, were at last about to come to a
supreme realization. But there was no help for it; the
icy breath of death was not far away. And with the
fear of the hunted, and the driven, which mankind was
experiencing in all its bitterness, Dr. Hopkins and his
little family departed in haste from their ancient home-
land.

  Northward in their machines loaded to capacity, in
company with fellow sufferers, they trekked their way
in the bitter cold of winter. Whither, no one scarcely
knew—nor how it would end. Refugees from all over
the world crowded into north Canada, one of the havens
of refuge.

  In common with some of his former townsmen in
far off Manitoba—for thus far had they been driven—
Dr. Hopkins took up die loose ends of his existence.
Rude shelters were built; bravely the semblance of a
civilized life was carried on. Large numbers of people
in all walks of life were crowded together, sharing the
same hardships. The senseless frivolities, the stupid in-
anities, which formerly loomed so large and important

in the minds of many, were now meaningless—only
worthwhile things mattered. In this great transvalua-
tion of all values things were where they belonged, and
the true were quickly sifted out from the false.

  The first signs of approaching spring were hailed with
great joy and thanksgiving. The relentless pressure of
the Andromedans had relaxed. There was time to
breathe.

  Once more Dr. Hopkins took up his long neglected
researches in quest of his beloved subject of atomic en-
ergy. The profound misery of those about him only
redoubled his energy and determination to succeed. Clear
as a bell he saw the immense possibilities. If he suc-
ceeded, a weapon could be forged whose irresistible
might should redeem all for lost humanity; would re-
place Man on the throne from which he had been so
rudely thrown. His great mind bent to the task.

IT was a great day for mankind when his efforts met
with success. The final, elusive sides of the problem
were solved. Again and again he tested it, thoroughly,
positively—proved to himself, beyond the peradventure
of a doubt, that he held in his hand a new power, in-
finitely great, for good or evil.

  Dr. Frank Russell Hopkins stood before the august
Council of War Ministers—now shorn of power—dem-
onstrating and explaining his tremendous discovery.
With bated breath and shining eye he explained as best
he could the workings of this infinite storehouse of
energy, which he had solved at last through a combina-
tion of discovery, intuitive deduction and ingenious in-
vention. With wide open eyes and gaping mouths, they
saw and understood. They saw its god-like power and
significance. Carefully planned and rightly used, de-
liverance could be wrung from the conquerors.

  The highly mathematical technical details were hard
to understand for the layman and could scarcely be fol-
lowed even by the expert. In general, and briefly, Dr.
Hopkins had discovered a method of exciting the poten-
tial energy locked within the atom, a way to break down
the ordinary relations between its proton and electrons,
thereby releasing forces that would all but detonate the
whole earth, if not properly controlled. Once this ex-
citation of atomic energy in matter was induced, it had
a tendency to spread with an unquenchable fierceness, a
degree of heat that would volatilize everything in its
path; and unless stopped would continue its steady
spread until the entire surface of the earth was in an all-
consuming flame. Nothing could put it out. The heat
caused by the release of this atomic energy would burn
fiercely for months and years, burning itself out only
when the atomic energy in the surface it was attacking
was dissipated; and a diamond-hard, trancendentally
heavy substance remained as a residue. The disintegra-
tion could not go far below the surface, as the free
oxygen in the air was a necess.-1-y part of the consuming
process.

  There was only one substance which was impervious
to and could confine this all-consuming energy—a chalk-
like substance which Dr. Hopkins had worked out. This
could be easily manufactured in great quantities. Its
successful formula had been the most difficult thing his
genius had to contend with—the doctor had tried every
known element and possible combination of elements—
and its invention was perhaps the most marvelous part
of the whole discovery.	(Continued on page 81)
r' was several years ago, in 1999, to be exact, that
Graham Greene and the Flaming Atom and I had
our little adventure with the cold-blooded Calvroon
and his rhythmic toy. It was quite a scientific
affair. Because of my lifelong friendship with
Graham Greene. I witnessed the entire drama from be-
ginning to end without taking a very active part in it.
Who I am doesn’t matter, but I’ll have to tell you some-
thing about Greene and 'ftfe Atom or you won’t under-
stand my story.

  First, Graham was the step-nephew of Elmer
Calvroon. Second, he was a cripple and a scientist and
a human, lovable man. The Flaming Atom loved him,
loved him even more because he was a cripple. You see,
he had been flying from New York up to the Maine coast
to spend a week-end with her and her family, when an
unexpected sleet-storm of exceptional violence had so
blinded him in his little runabout sport model monoplane

By
Charles Cloukey

Author of—"Sub-Satellite,”

‘‘Paradox,’’ etc.

that he had crashed in the New Hampshire hills. Both
his feet were crushed and it was almost three days before
he was found, so secluded was the place where he fell.
Infection had set in, and in spite of the marvelous medical
science we possess at the dawn of the twenty-first cen-
tury, the left leg came off at the knee and the right at
the ankle. . His heart was permanently weakened.
Calvroon learned of this last fact. Graham never made
a secret of it.

Greene had been engaged to the Atom for more than
a year before his crash. The accident made no change

HP HE Chinese, ingenious in
methods of torture, have a
very effective method for dis-
posing of their victims or mak-
ing them “confess”—the con-
stant slow dripping of cold
water on the head of the vic-
tim. The very monotony of
the slowness and rhythm of
this continual drip, drip, drip,
and the slow chill of the water
work havoc with the victim.
But a slow, everlasting monot-
ony is not the only sure means
of eliminating human life. An
accelerating rhythm of certain
sounds must have definite det-
rimental effects on the human
organism—d ep ending upon
various factors, some of which
are cleverly considered in this
story by Mr. Cloukey.

 Then the
 three of Ms
 listened to an
 unusual speech.
 . .It ivas that
 suppressed pride in
 his accomplishments that
 caused him to tell his plans

HYTHM

Illustrated by
MOREY

55
56

AMAZING STORIES

in their plans. They had still almost a year to wait, for
the girl’s parents insisted strongly that she was not to
marry until she was twenty-one.

  "Flaming Atom” was my friend’s scientific pet name
for her who had nursed him back to health and life. It
fitted her perfectly, whereas her real name, Elsie Damon,
absolutely failed to do so. She lacked an inch or so of five
feet, while Greene was six-feet-three with his artificial
legs. She possessed a head of hair whose color closely
approximated cochineal carmine, instead of the bricky
orange common to most red-headed people. With her
intense restless energy and her turbulent emotional tem-
perament, she thoroughly justified the appellation.

  He and she and I were listening attentively to the
legal matter being discussed by Paul Jameson, family
lawyer to three generations of scientific Greenes. The
aged legal man was replying to a question that had been
posed by Graham.

  "The first of next month will be the tenth anniversary
of the disappearance of your father. Unless he should
reappear before that day he will be considered legally
dead, according to the present laws of the state, and the
fortune will go to you, together with the only key in
the world to Vault Number Three of the Second National
Bank, which is one of the business properties your
father controlled. In the vault are the only remaining
descriptions and records, the notes, apparatus and instruc-
tions which would permit a scientist to repeat one of your
father’s greatest discoveries, the secret of which, at the
present time, is known to no other man. You are aware
of that to which I refer.

  "If, however, you should die before the first, the for-
tune and the key would then go to your father’s step-
brother, Elmer Calvroon, according to the terms of the
will.”

  Graham’s artificial limbs were so scientifically perfect
that in one sense of the word he was not a cripple at all.
He seldom used the heavy cane that he always carried
with him. As the three of us walked the short distance
back to the spacious, well-equipped laboratory that had
been the elder Greene’s, I made a remark about the
rather unusual provision of the will, which gave every-
thing to Graham, and yet said that should he die every-
thing was to go to Calvroon. I was unable to refrain
from speculating as to the motives of the man who had
written that will. My remark caused my friend to break
his thoughtful silence.

  "Von, you know very well what is in that vault, the
thing that Jameson so carefully avoided in his round-
about speech. You’re an older man than I am, and un-
doubtedly you remember the events of ten years ago
much better than I do. But I remember enough. When
my father produced organic beings artificially in the lab-
oratory, when he succeeded in the horribly complex task
of the synthesis of protoplasm, when he found the secret
of life somewhere in the phosphorus compounds, yet re-
member how' his great work was received. Because he
Jnsisted upon keeping his method a secret, he was
branded as a fraud by the scientists of the world, in spite
of his recognized ability and his unstained reputation.
The others could not admit the possibility of his accom-
plishment without incontrovertible proof and demon-
stration, which he withheld. They would not take his
word. And he had his reasons for withholding that
secret, Von!”

  Graham continued in a tone that grew more gloomy.

  "And the people of the world denounced him either as
a fake or an atheistic, inhuman meddler in God’s affairs,
than which nothing could l>e farther from the truth.
Fanatics made one attempt after another to kill him,
believing him in league with the devil to destroy the
world. Dozens of attempts were made to break into the
laboratory and steal his voluminous notes and formulas.
He killed one thief in self-defense.

  "Then he put everything in that vault and destroyed
all keys to it but one, which is in another vault. Few
people know what Vault Number Three contains and
fewer know where its key is.

  "The world was no longer safe for Thornton Greene,
branded as a fake by some and as a menace to humanity
by others. After the sixth fanatical attempt to kill him,
in which I myself barely escaped death at the age of six-
teen, he disappeared from the world. But I know he’s
not dead; even though he’s never communicated with me,
he must be alive in some part of the world, with a
changed name and probably a changed face also, safe
from identification, still making his marvelous discoveries
in half a dozen lines of science.

  "The key will soon be legally mine. Unless my father
returns or sends some message to me I am going
to follow a plan I have long had in mind. For eight
years I have been obtaining the best possible education
along the lines of biology, organic chemistry, and related
sciences. Most of the world thinks my father’s records
have been destroyed. That is what he wanted the world
to believe. I hope I have qualified myself to understand
and repeat his experiments, and to carry them further
in secret. If I find any way in which his discovery will
be of any benefit to the world I shall publish the whole
process and vindicate him in the eyes of science and
humanity. If I don’t, I shall destroy every vestige of the
notes, every shred of evidence. I think that is what he
would have me do.”

  The next day we encountered the rhythmic toy.

  Elmer Calvroon had been planning for months to kill
Greene. I do not think it was the money he desired. It
was that scientific secret in the locked vault, the secret
of synthetic life. Calvroon was a scientist, too, and to his
warped point of view it was absolutely necessary that
Graham Greene be eliminated.

  But he realized that he would be suspected at once
should Greene be killed. The murder laws are strict. It
was necessary further that Graham Greene be eliminated
in such a way as to leave no possible clues to the manner
of his death. It was highly desirable that his death
should appear to be natural. Calvroon decided that he
could not take a chance with any o f the ordinary methods
of murder. If he were ever to profit by the killing of
Greene, the crime must be perfectly done.

  The device which the sardonic scientist called the
rhythmic toy was born in his brain from the union of
two entirely different memories. One was the memory
of the airplane crash that had deprived the tall heir of
Thornton Greene of his feet. The other was the mem-
ory of a few well-proven physiological facts. He con-
structed the machine. After all, it was a simple affair,
operated by a small electric motor.

  On the early morning of April 8, 1999, when my
friend was alone in his laboratory, he received a phone
call from Calvroon, who invited him to come over to his
laboratory and see a new invention. So Graham walked
calmly into the trap.
RHYTHM

57

   To you who read this story, not having been acquainted
 with the two men for the long years I have, this action
 on the part of my friend may seem incredible. You may
 wonder why he did not suspect anything wrong. From
 my intimate knowledge of the men, I believe I can an-
 swer your doubts.

   In the first place, Graham was not of a suspicious
 nature. In the second place, the invitation was so natural
 and aboveboard that it did not arouse any suspicion. In
 the third place, Calvroon was an inventor with 780
 patents to his credit, and he was rather vain about it, in
 his cold, reserved way. It was his regular habit, when
 he had completed another device, to demonstrate it to
 his step-nephew before taking out a patent and selling
 the device to some firm that could use it. Several times,
 in company with Graham, I had visited the combination
 laboratory and machine-shop of Calvroon and listened to
 him explain, with that curiously suppressed pride in
 every tone of his voice, the principles behind some new
 addition to his large family of ingenious mechanical in-
 ventions, the details of its construction, its uses and ad-
 vantages over the previous machine it had rendered
 obsolete. So on this morning Graham thought merely
 that his step-uncle had completed some new machine and
 was ready to demonstrate it. He went over to the other
 laboratory without the faintest shadow of a suspicion
 that Calvroon fully intended to kill him in cold blood in
 order to obtain those records and notes in Vault Number
 Three.

   I had just finished a late breakfast and was idly won-
 dering why Thornton Greene had equipped Vault
 Number Three with a key instead of the usual combina-
 tion lock, for it seemed to me that the latter would have
 served his purpose well, when the Atom called me on the
 ’phone and announced that Graham was not at his lab-
 oratory, but had left a note for her saying that he had
 gone to Calvroon’s.

   The Atom was immediately suspicious of Calvroon.
 She had never liked him. She explained that Graham
 had expected her to arrive about noon, and had left the
 note in case he hadn’t returned by that time. She had
 arrived early and had found the note. Then, she told
 me, she had telephoned to Calvroon several times with-
 out any of her calls being answered. She was anxious
 about her fianc<5, and asked me to accompany her on a
 visit to the laboratory of the step-uncle to investigate. I
 agreed, for I could easily detect the fear and suspicion
 in her voice. I called Calvroon myself and got no answer.

   I felt uneasy at once. Calvroon liad always impressed
 me as a man who would stop at nothing to gain his ends.
 Suddenly it seemed quite possible to me that he was
 planning to abduct and kill my friend in order to obtain
 the key to life. A hard and selfish man, Calvroon. He
 wanted the secret all for himself. I don’t think it ever
 occurred to him to ask Graham to share it with him. If
 he had, Graham would in all probability have refused.

   After I had rung the bell and knocked on the door for
 more than five minutes it opened and Calvroon himself
 stepped out of his laboratory'. Seeing the Atom and me,
 he inquired in a level, balanced, cold, and rigid voice,
 "What do you want ?”

   I invented some plausible fiction on the spur of the
 moment

   "I want to see Graham Greene,” I stated. "An
 important message has just arrived for him and I must
 deliver it at once.”

   "You’re lying, Von der Konz. Besides,” he added
almost hastily, ‘‘Graham Greene is not here.” He turned
on his heel to reenter the lab. The Flaming Atom
flared up angrily.

   "You’re lying. He is here.”

   Before he could stop her she had darted past him into
 the laboratory. Calvroon turned silently and followed
 her, trying to slam the door in my face, but I was in as
 soon as he was. The Atom was throwing open a heavy
 icebox door at one end of the room, a door that was
 obviously soundproof, as was the room to which it gave
 ingress. Calvroon had apparently come out of this room
 to answer the bell, and had left the door open a fraction
 of an inch.

   In two seconds the cold-blooded madman at my side
 produced a small derringer pistol, the type that fires those
 murderous mushroom slugs, from a cleverly concealed
 sleeve holster, and shot down the Atom. She fell in a
 little heap in the doorway. I made an involuntary mo-
 tion toward Calvroon and found the little gun with the
 big bore looking me in the eye. Calvroon’s eyelids
 drooped a little as he enunciated his threat.

   "If you move one inch, Von der Konz, I shall kill you.”
 I did not move. I was not armed and I had seen
 enough to convince me that my captor would carry out
 his threat. I permitted my hands to be bound behind me
 with small but very strong metallic cords. Then I was
 efficiently gagged.

   Calvroon’s bullet had glanced off the Atom’s temple,
 stunning her, but inflicting only a minor flesh wound
 which bled profusely. She regained consciousness just
 as the man with the gun finished binding and gagging
 her.

   Then Calvroon took us both into the soundproof
room. Graham Greene was there, gagged and tied to a
chair. His face was a study in despair when he caught
sight of the girl with the red blood slowly dripping from
her temple. He made one mighty but ineffectual effort
to free himself. Calvroon used the gun to persuade me
to submit to being bound to another chair. Then he took
the kicking, struggling, gagged girl from her lover’s side
and bound her to a third chair. Finally he stood off and
regarded the three of us with an almost puzzled ex-
pression.

   Then the three of us listened to an unusual speech.
 Calvroon calmly announced his intention of killing us all
 and then proceeded to explain to us just how he was
 going to do it*in precisely the same tone as he used when
 explaining some new invention. It was that suppressed
 pride in his accomplishments that caused him to tell us
 his plans. Some of what he said follows:

   "When I first decided to kill you, Greene, I realized
 that it would be best not to use any ordinary method of
 inflicting death. Chemistry today is marvelously ad-
 vanced. Any known poison could be detected. All
 deaths by violence are strictly investigated. And I real-
 ized that I would immediately be suspected because of
 the terms of that will. So I devised a method of killing
 you that will leave no possible clue to the manner of your
 death. When you are found in your own laboratory to-
 morrow or the next day no one will suspect that you
 didn’t die of simple heart failure. If they do suspect, it
 will never be proved, for I am going to kill you scientific-
 ally without leaving the slightest evidence of that fact.

 "I have recently been working on a number of im-
 provements to the pipe-organ, and I had this sound-proof
58

AMAZING STORIES

 room constructed because some officials of the hospital
 near by complained to the authorities about the various
 noises, musical and otherwise, that I was producing
 practically all of the time. This room permitted me to
 carry on such experiments without moving my whole
 laboratory, for the room is absolutely sound-proof.

  “In the compartment in the wall behind that lattice-
work you see at the left, which compartment extends also
down into the basement, are several organ pipes which I
was using a few months ago to produce very low notes
for experimental purposes, some of the notes being so
low that only vibrations were produced. This little
switch in the wall, when I throw it. will start an electric
motor which will compress sufficient air to play the pipes,
though I am only going to use one note. The organ pipes
together with an automatic device for gradually increas-
ing the speed of the machine that plays them, constitute
the invention I call my rhythmic toy.

  “Let me explain a few facts about rhythm. Why is
it that music affects a human being? Why does a snappy,
rapid march make us feel energetic, patriotic ? W'hy does
a funeral march cause the average person to feel sad,
melancholy, and depressed? How can we explain the
effect of syncopated jazz?

  “Part of the answer to these questions is in the music
itself, the major or minor key, the sharps and flats, the
tones of the instruments. But rhythm plays by far the
greater part in it.

  “The human heart has a strong tendency to beat in
time with any well-marked rhythm. A rapid march has
a strongly marked rhythm that is faster than the usual
beating of the heart. The heart increases its speed to
keep up with the regular boom of the big bass drum.
Consequently, blood is supplied more rapidly to the brain
and to the muscles. As a result the body and the mind
are stimulated to increased activity by this supply of
fresh blood. That’s why a, dance tune will set your toes
twitching. Also, the increased flow of blood removes im-
purities from the tissues more rapidly, and the person
feels more healthful and more energetic.

  “The same thing is true of a funeral march. It too
possesses a well-marked rhythm, but in this case it is
slower than the usual beat of the heart. Involuntarily,
the heart slows down to keep with it, and blood is sup-
plied to the tissues more slowly. Therefore, the mind
is sad and depressed, and the body dull and lethargic.

„ “The American Indians and other savages all over the
world were accustomed to hold meetings about their
campfires and chant their strangely rhythmic war songs
to the accompaniment of the hollow note of the tom-tom,
before starting out on the war-path. The individual who
beat the tom-tom (although he was totally ignorant of the
science involved), started at about the regular beat of
the heart and slowly but steadily increased the speed
until the savages, their blood surging through their
arteries, had worked themselves into a frenzy of excite-
ment and courage which they did not ordinarily possess.

   “It seems that the lower the note, the greater the effect.
In a band or an orchestra one does not notice the rhythm
of the music of the trumpet or of the piccolo nearly as
much as the rhythm of the bass instruments. The drum-
mer sets the rhythm in a band.

  “The machine that will play this organ pipe will pro-
duce short, rapid, low notes, all alike except that every
fourth tone will be slightly accented. The speed will
very slowly increase.

   “If I started it at too great a speed, your heart could
not go with it, but instead would beat with every other
note, or every third or fourth note, as the case might be.
So I shall start it at the average beat of the heart, about
seventy five beats a minute, and it will slowly, very slowly
indeed, increase in speed until five hundred or even more
short separate notes are produced a minute. But that
speed will hardly be necessary. Long before it reaches
that extreme rate your weakened heart, Greene, will give
way under the strain. You will be dead.

  “Though my actual crime will be perfectly done, I am
just now realizing that I have been grossly careless in the
preliminary matters. I have permitted you two others
to discover me with the greatest ease. I have been de-
voting too much thought to the technical side of the mat-
ter and not enough to the practical side. A failing of the
scientific mind, I suppose—the so-called one-track mind.
I should never have been so careless.

  “It is obvious that your meddling must be rewarded by
death. I strongly doubt that my machine will be able
to work your hearts to death in the same way as it will
Greene’s, for yours are healthy and normal while his lias
been greatly weakened. You will probably be able to sur-
vive the utmost rate of speed I can obtain, but again
you may not. I shall lose nothing by trying. It may
save me the trouble and danger of disposing of you in
any other way.

  “It occurs to me now that perhaps I can put your
bodies in a radio-controlled plane and crash it. Then it
will seem as if Graham Greene died of heart-failure when
he learned that his fiance had eloped with his best
friend. The shock of that double disloyalty will seem to
have been too much for him.”

  Perhaps it was that incredible, inhuman pride that
prompted him to brag to us of his clever way of killing
us that made us hate him the most. Or perhaps it was
the last part of his plan. The Flaming Atom and I were
close personal friends; futhermore we were both racing
pilots and had each distinguished himself by capturing
a world’s record now and then. Because Graham Greene
was my friend and the Flaming Atom’s sweetheart, our
three names were often mentioned together in the news-
papers. Calvroon’s explanation of our presence in the
crashed plane would have been very convincing to the
public.

  Calvroon said much more which need not be added
here. We could do nothing but sit there and listen to
him. Among other details we learned that he had been
making the final adjustments on the machine when the
Atom and I had knocked on the door. He had heard us
only because he had happened to leave the door of the
sound-proof room open.

  Calvroon started the device and left the room, closing
the heavy door. As near as I can judge, that was at
three or four o’clock in the afternoon.

  For three hours, three hours that seemed as three
thousand eternities, I listened to the damnable, never-
ceasing, steady, rhythmic, monotonous, hollow notes that
ever and ever came faster, but whose speed increased so
slowly. I knew that the blood was rushing through my
veins, but I assure you that I was not feeling either elated
or patriotic. My surplus energy was being used up by
the fear that I could not conquer, by my great anxiety
for my friends, and most of all by my anger and hate.
Mentally I cursed his soul to hell at least three trillion
times.
RHYTHM

59

  It was at the end of those three terrible hours that
Graham's head suddenly sagged forward and he was
still. A strangled scream came through the Atom’s gag
and great tears formed in her eyes. I looked toward my
friend, limp in the bonds that held him to his chair and I
swore that somehow I would revenge him. I could al-
most read the Atom's eyes. In them, too, I saw that
determination to get revenge. It had been such a cruel
death, her eyes told me. Calvroon had taken advantage
of the weakness of his heart to kill him, had tortured him
for three hours after telling him how he was to die. I
was soul-sick to see the love and pity in her eyes. There
were love and pity in mine too.

  All during those three hours the blood had been trick-
ling down from the wound in the Flaming Atom’s temple.
The blood had not clotted very well. For three hours
she had been bleeding, and the loss of blood soon weak-
ened her. She sagged forward too, and I was glad.

  She had fainted from loss of blood and the shock she
had endured. The rhythmic toy had no power over her
now. She did not hear it. I could see her bosom rise and
fall with her slow regular breathing. The thought came
to me that perhaps her wound was to save her life, that
perhaps Calvroon had defeated his own purpose to a
certain extent, by shooting her. Her weary, broken
heart was at rest.

  But mine was not. The unending throbbing hollow
note filled the room with its reverberations. Always it
was die merest trifle faster. Though I knew that it was
useless, I used every last ounce of nerve force and will-
power I possessed in vainly trying to control the beating
of my heart, trying to make it obey me and beat more
slowly in spite of the rhythmic monster. I sweated blood
trying to make my heart obey me. It can’t be done.

  Then I tried to go to sleep, to outwit the rhythm that
way. Did you ever try to go to sleep in a room next to
a loud and never-ceasing jazz band, and lie awake hour
after hour restless and uneasy, because of its rhythm
and its discords? Then perhaps you can comprehend the
merest trifle of the agony I endured, waiting for a
rhythmic death.

  I wondered if it were within the limits of possibility
that Thornton Greene would return from his hiding and
arrive in time to avenge his son and save the lives of the
Atom and me, to say nothing of saving his precious
secret from one who had no right to it.' But that was a
last desperate forlorn hope. Thornton Greene did not
come back from the dead.

  It was late at night when Elmer Calvroon entered
again the sound-proof room. He saw my face and
cringed a moment from the hate he saw there.

  He collected himself immediately, however, and ad-
vanced toward the figure of Graham Greene, still hang-
ing limp in the chair. His coming awoke the Atom and
another choked scream came from her, as he untied the
bonds. He paid no attention to her, and finished untying
the thin, strong, metallic cords that held the tall young
scientist.

  Then with a dramatic suddenness that affected my
heart more than any devilish rhythm could ever have
done, the dead man stood up rapidly, firmly, and solidly
on two scientifically perfect artificial legs and swung a
beautifully clean and efficient right to the jaw that lifted
his arch-enemy off his feet and deposited him recumbent
on the hard floor.

  Graham Greene ungagged himself and snapped off the
rhythmic toy.

  Then lie released the radiantly happy Atom and his
unbelieving friend with the guttural German name from
their respective bonds and tied his step-uncle thoroughly,
gagging him for good measure.

  “Von,” he said, “will you run in the other room and
call up the police? I’d like to kill this fiend, but it’s
against the law.” I lost no time in doing as he requested.

  When I returned, the Flaming Atom was standing on
a chair with her arms around Graham’s neck. Love
laughs at trivial differences in altitude.

  Half an hour later, when the Atom finally consented to
release him for a minute or two, he cleared up that mys-
tery that had been puzzling me ever since he had cleaned
up Calvroon.

  “Von, my friend, I’m sorry if you thought I was dead
when I dropped off to sleep there. That rhythmic toy
would be deadly to most people. It probably tortured
you terribly. There’s not a thing wrong with the prin-
ciple behind it. But for one thing, it would have killed
me quickly.

   "It’s a scientific fact, Von, that some people can hear
sounds that others can’t. My ears are exceptionally high-
pitched. I can hear the squeak of a bat and other shrill
sounds that the majority of people can not hear.
Calvroon chose the lowest note he could to be quite sure
our hearts would stay with the rhythm, and it was just
below the range of my audibility. I could go to sleep in
perfect comfort, except for that gag, in a room that
seemed to me to be as silent as the tomb.”

The End
CJ That awful twisting beam of green flame reached out of the top of the thing and bent

down over me! It touched me!

60
reen

Girl

WHAT WENT BEFORE

 “AT^b n°°.n,r,M^ f’19”. ‘he went out” Tlins starts the
 history, as (old by Melvin Dane, foster son of Dr. Sam Walden

impending disaster Sa' i0r of ,ho world- who alono knew of the

 When the sun goes out and the world begins to freeze over, Sam
 Walden and Melvin Dane embark on the scientist’s specially prepared
 vessel, which is equipped to fly through the air, travel on land, and
 sail on the ocean and under its surface equally well. They head almost
 straight down through the Pacific to the ocean bed and find themselves
 in a sub-sea city. By the use of certain radioactive gas which negatives
 the gravity of the water, the ocean is held as a sky or ceiling over the
 place. Jhey find in this city obvious signs of habitation—green grass-
 lands, which are here and there marked with huge, strange splotches
 of purple woodland; and coming toward them are largo winged things.
 Which on closer examination are seen to be a sort of enormous, mon-
 strous, Hying thing, that carries on its forward end, in place of a head
 a huge, many-petaled flower. One of these creatures holds in its ten-
 tacles a human form, which upon extrication by the two men, proves to
 Be I He brem Girl, Melvin Dane’s dream girl. Way back, in his child-
 hood days Melvin accidentally hits on n wave length which gives him
 talking contact with a girl-child from a strange land, with whom he
 eoemcd, over the radio, to have had many adventures. So they grow up
 together, she in his dream world, and he on earth.

 When they free her from a metal box clamped on her back by means
 ot two metal bands, she recovers consciousness and recognizes Melvin.
 Stic then tells them she is Xenora, a princess of the old City of I.othar,
 and that she had been raptured and enslaved by that most terrible of
 menaces, I he Lord of Flame.”

  (A Serial in Two Parts) Part II

By

Jack Williamson

'Author of "The Metal Man”

Illustrated by WESSO

 JT must be generally conceded by anybody
 who has thought about the subject at all
 that there are many forces absolutely unknown
 to us. How, then, can we tell w{th what driv-
 ing powers and activations these forces might
 be imbued? Or what inimical dangers might
 be hidden within them? In the concluding
 chapters of this scientific classic, which might
 unhesitatingly be numbered among the very
 best ever published, the author continues the
 accelerating pace set in the first instalment.
 And the story is full of sound science, so clev-
 erly interwoven with good fiction, that it reads
 like The Moon Pool,” for the author possesses
 not only the art of writing, but excellent imagi-
 native pawers as well.

CHAPTER XVII

The Lord of Flame

 I MUST have stood there many minutes, lost in
 fearful reverie. Unconsciously I heard Sam and
 Xenora moving about below, heard faintly the
 murmur of their conversation. At last my grim
 forebodings of the horror that was to come were
 interrupted by Sam’s cheerful hail, and I went below.
 I came upon Xenora in the cabin. She was arrayed in
 a fresh suit of my white flannels that Sam had laid out
 for her; and evidently she had been under the shower,
 for drops of water still gleamed on her dark hair. She
 looked freshly, incredibly beautiful, dressed even as she
 was.

 I must have flushed somewhat, for she laughed at me.
 But she showed no anger or displeasure—she had not
 resented what I had done. She looked squarely at me
 with those cool violet eyes that shone with humor and
 human feeling. I read honest understanding in their
 clear depths, and suddenly I went to her and held out
 my hands. She took them in her slender ones.

Presently we went in together to Sam’s wonderful

 feast. He had the little dining room spick and span
 as usual, with the windows screened and the white lights
 going to shut out the terrible red glare. It was very-
 cool in the soft breezes from the fans, and we three sat
 down in comfort to the delicacies he had prepared
 Sam still remembered what I had taught him, so many
 years ago, of Xenora’s language, so that he was able to
 converse in it. “It'll be some revelation to the old dead-
 heads at the Academy if we ever get back and publish
 our account,” he said. “They have never admitted tel-
 epathy, just because the phenomenon of thought trans-
 ference depends upon such delicate attunement of minds
 that it cannot be reproduced at will. Of course, we don’t
 know just how much the radio had to do with it in your
 case. Undoubtedly it served as a carrying wave, at first
 at least. But anyhow, it would be some bombshell to
 toss among my old associates!”

   “Who cares what they think about it?” I said
 “We’ve found her. That’s all that matters!”

Xenora sat down eagerly. I found joy in watching
her eat. She manipulated her unfamiliar fork with in-
stinctive culture, and seemed to like Sam’s viands im-
mensely. And she ate with the restrained eagerness of
one who has not touched food for some time. What
misfortunes had the brave girl been through?

 Presently, when she was somewhat satisfied, Sam
began questioning her in an effort to find out something
of the strange world about us. “Where do your people
live?” he began.

 “Once Lothar was an empire that girdled the central
sea. But many lifetimes ago the evil power of Mutron

61
62

AMAZING STORIES

 arose, and our people were conquered by the slaves of
 the Lord of Flaine. Now there are but a handful of
 my race, living in the forests by the northern cliffs. And

 even they are taken to serve the Lord of Flame-”

  "The Lord of Flame! What is that?” Sam cried in
amazement.

   "It is a dreadful thing—a serpent of green fire that
 dwells in the violet mists of the chasm of Xath,” she
 said hastily. "But let us not speak of it. No man
 speaks of the Lord of Flame, for it hears—stay! Oh,
 horror! Do you not—feel it ?”

   And indeed, at her words, I felt a strange and alien
 thrill, as if the revealing searchlight of some dreadful
 power had been suddenly thrown upon me, as if some
 strange wind of fear had blown upon my soul. I shiv-
 ered involuntarily, and crouched closer to the others,
 trying to drive the horror from my mind.

  "God!” Sam breathed hoarsely. "What can we be
up against ?”

   In a moment the girl went hurriedly on, as though to
 change our thoughts to other things. "Many sleeps ago
 I was taken by the men of Mutron, and put in the
 power of Xath. They sent me on a ship to fight the
 Lunaks. We fell in with a vast number of them, and
 they brought the vessel down. The fire-crystal was torn
 from my back in the wreck, and I was free. I ran for
 the trees, but the Lunak caught me. And that was the

last I knew, until I woke, from my dream of—of-”

   She turned to me with a little smile, as if such weirdly
 incredible adventures were to be taken as a matter of
 course. I could not speak for the pity and horror that
 were mingled with my admiration for her courage. But
 I could, and did, reach under the table and take her
 hand. Thereafter each of us contrived—after a fash-
 ion—to eat with one hand.

   That brief and puzzling account of her adventures
 was all that Xenora was able to give us until experience
 would enlarge our common vocabularies. Certainly it
 offered plenty of food for conjecture. She had little
 scientific knowledge; and when Sam continued his ques-
 tions, the accounts she gave of the origin and meaning
 of the strange things she mentioned smacked more of
 myth than of history.

   "Has the Lord of Flame always been, Xenora?”

   "No,” the Green Girl answered. "Back in the begin-
 ning, ten thousand lifetimes past, the men of Lothar
 ruled, and there was no Mutron to carry them to Xath.
 The warriors of Lothar were very brave. They fought
 the Lunaks, and hunted the beasts of the plain. _ The
 kings of Lothar reigned in a hundred cities that ringed
 the central sea, and there was food and joy for all.

  “But the Lunaks were very wise. When the great
men of Lothar brought weapons of fire to fight diem,
they went into the jungle and laid an egg, and guarded
it, and there sprang up the Lord of Flame! It is a ser-
pent of green fire, as thick as a mountain and as long as
a river! All the warriors of Lothar went to meet it, and
it slew them with a breath of fire! It took slaves of our
people and carried them into the fire-pit of Xath.

   “And from that day, through countless lifetimes, our
 people have been worshipers and slaves of the Lord of
 Flame. Those who are taken are no longer as men, but
 as sleepers walking, with the fire-crystal on tiieir backs.
 They fly in ships of Mutron, the City of the Sleepers,
 and rule with a heavy hand in the name of the Lord of
 Flame. None escape them !”

  “Well, I'll be d—er—flabbergasted!” Sam exploded.
 His face was a study. Incredulous disbelief was there,
 and amazement, and something of fear and horror, too.
 What the girl said had all the earmarks of a fairy tale.
 But we had seen the metal upon her body, and the
 purple stains—and we had felt that sudden, inexplicable
 wave of fear.

   "Is it possible? Mel, it can’t be! It’s too fantastic!”

  I could make no answer. "And you, Xenora. You
were taken by that thing?” I cried in sudden horror.

  "I was taken in a ship, and carried to Mutron, the
 City of Fear. There they fastened on me the fire-
 crystal. Then my mind was in a sleep, and my limbs
 did not what I willed. Until the ship fell my life was
 a nightmare of toil and terror. The Lunak took me,
 and I knew nothing until you found me.”

  Xenora still seemed rather weak and tired from her
 terrible ordeal. After we had eaten, Sam and I con-
 ducted her over the ship, with a view to convincing her
 of the wonderful power of the machine and thus to quiet
 her fear of that mysterious menace. We started the
 engines and moved the machine a little. I fired the gun
 for her edification, to show how the monster had been
 killed, and Sam showed her how to blow the siren, and
 even let her pull the cord. Then we took her back to
 a stateroom, and turned it over to her.

  As she went into the room, Sam proposed that he and
 I go hunting. His real object, I think, was to get some
 fresh meat for the little winged plant, but we wished
 to learn as much as possible of the fauna and flora
 about us.

  I was not eager to leave the machine, but we were
 armed with the best of weapons, and there seemed to
 be little danger. Then, we intended to be gone only a
 few minutes. When we were ready to start I tapped
 on Xenora’s door, to tell her that we were leaving, but
 she made no answer. I suppose that she was already
 asleep.

  We climbed up on deck, and closed the hatch behind
 us.

CHAPTER XVIII

Lost in the Purple Forest

WE WALKED off east through the level green
meadows, beneath the scattered trees that were
bright with purple bloom. For my own part,
I was much more interested in the vegetation than in any
game we might come upon. In fact, I would not have
been greatly disappointed if our hunt had been in vain.

    The leaves of what I have called grass were really
 so wide and thick that it was hardly grass at all. The
 higher stems of it bore myriads of tiny, bright-red flow-
 ers. The great trees were, in shape and foliage, some-
 what like the oak, though the rich profusion of the
 purple flowers almost concealed the leaves. They bore
 small fruits, in appearance a little like the date, which,
 as we were later to learn, were edible. But, in all
 the time I was in that strange world, I found 110 single
 plant that was exactly like any I had known above.

    Indeed that was a strange hunt, under a flaming scar-
  let sky, nine miles beneath the ocean, through forests
  of the purple trees that burdened the air with their un-
  familiar fragrance, in search of we knew not what in
  the way of game.
THE GREEN GIRL

   We tramped steadily eastward over the green mead-
 ows for perhaps.half an hour, rewarded with the sight
 of no living thing. The Omnimobile had long been out
 of sight. We crossed a low greasy ridge and made our
 way out across another broad smooth valley.

   At last, as we looked from a screen of brush at the
 edge of a little meadow, we saw an odd-looking creature
 gazing unalarmed a hundred yards away. It was some-
 what larger than a hog, with gray, hairless skin and long
 white tusks or horns. It had an oddly heavy, barrel-
 like body.

   It must have winded us, for it threw up its head with
 a peculiar squeal, tossing its great tusks. Sam and I
 both fired. We have never agreed which of us hit it,
 but it slumped over on the green vegetation. We hur-
 ried up to it. It was quite dead. It had great claws,
 and somewhat resembled a sloth, although it was exactly
 like nothing that I had ever seen.

   Sam took out his knife and skilfully removed half of
 the skin, wrapping up a piece of meat in it. The beast
 had thick rolls of fat along the back, but the flesh be-
 neath looked so nice and tender that he took some of it
 to try for steak.

   “We’ll try some of it broiled when we get back,” he
 anticipated, smacking his lips.

   Let s hurry on,” I said. “We’ve been gone longer
 than I intended, already. What if Xenora wakes up
 and we’re not there ?”

   Let s see, Sam said doubtfully. “The wind was
from the south, wasn’t it?”

   I looked around in sudden panic. I was almost sure
 that I knew the way back to the machine—almost!

   The strange world about us was suddenly very alien
 and cruel. The plains were lonely and flat and dead.
 1 he trees were suddenly wild and mysterious, as if
 they concealed strange monsters. There was a ghastly,
 unearthly menace in the red gleam of the sky.

   In all directions the tountry looked much the same.
 There was no definite landmark. We stood there for a
 time, scanning the unfamiliar panorama, in the begin-
 ning of panic. There were half a dozen groups of trees,
 any of which might have been the one from which we
 fired. It occurred to me that it would be very incon-
 venient if one of the flying plants came along, and I
 began to think of other things that might happen. I
 came to a tardy realization of our helplessness and utter
 ignorance of the dangers that might surround us.

   The purple trees and the scarlet sky seemed to leer
 at us, to gather closer, to laugh in fiendish joy at the
 unnamable doom they might have in store for us. Un-
 consciously I drew my pistol, and my muscles were in-
 voluntarily tensed, so that I started when Sam spoke.

   “Of course we can see the wall of cliffs in the north.
 That will give us the general direction. If we can get
 up 011 that hill, we might be able to see the machine.”

   He pointed toward a round, bare, green hilltop that
 rose several hundred feet toward the red sky. It was
 perhaps^ mile away, in the direction of the hazy blue
 cliffs. He slung the piece of meat over his shoulder
 and we set out over the open field. It was very hot and
 the perspiration was dripping from us. I had hardly
 noticed the damp, hot wind before, but now it felt like
 a blast from a furnace. The intense scarlet radiation of
 the flaming sky dried up our energy. The steady beam
 ot heat brought over us a growing languor, a depressed
 and spiritless weariness.

   The whole weird region was very still. The only
sounds were the soft sighing of the wind in the trees
and the thrashing and rustling of our feet in the rank
grass. The tiny scarlet flowers danced before the wind
almost like little insects, and a few brilliant petals blew
sometimes from one of the sparsely scattered trees.

   . Phew!” Sam whistled, stopping to mop his brow
with the huge red bandanna he had tied around his neck.
‘This is beginning to feel like the Sahara! I’m glad I
didn’t happen to be a native of the place! You bet the
machine will look good, when we find it!”

    If we find it,” I could not refrain from saying.

    In five minutes more we were far up the side of the
 little hill. The side of the eminence was bare of the
 great flowering trees, so the strange forest lay about us
 southward for many miles. Eagerly we looked in the
 direction that should have been southwest, for the
 Omnimobile.

    A vast stretch of the rolling plateau lay before our
 eyes, low verdant hills, and vast green meadows, scat-
 tered with the brilliant purple trees, singly and in groves.
 Far away, all across the southern horizon, stretched the
 black sea on which we had landed, glancing with the
 crimson light of the sky. But nowhere, in all that vast
 strange expanse, did we catch a glimpse of the machine.

       must be just in a low' place,” Sam said hopefully.
 Or, I think I remember now that there was a little
 grove just north of it. We will see it in a minute, if
 we climb higher up.”

    “I hope so,” I said, raising my binoculars for a better
 look.

   And we have compasses and instruments to guide

them !”CS ar°U'Kl ^ W°rld’ ** We’d J'USt thou-"ht to bri’V

    It s no use!” I said. “Let’s go on to the top.”

CHAPTER XIX
The Hill of Horror

         CLIMBED up the last few yards to the sum-
 mit, and gazed across toward the dim blue cliffs
 that rimmed this world on the north. We stood
 on a great divide. A vast valley lay before us, stretching
 away until it was veiled with a faint rosy haze. The
 curious checkered expanse of green plain and purple
 woodland sloped far, far away to the north. Perhaps
 twenty miles away was the vague outline of a great
 silver lake, dyed with the light of the crimson sky.

   Just back of the lake seemed to be a shore of low
 black cliffs. And beyond those ragged peaks, and be-
 neath the towering and rugged columns of blue that
 threw themselves up to the bloody sky, was a strange
 sight indeed!

 There was a weird flicker of dancing lights in that
 far-flung crimson mist, as if it reflected strange infernal
 fires in a pit behind the low black wall. There were
 faint and moving gleams of violet—of pale violet flames
 that changed and rose and fell. Vague tongues of violet
 fire wove themselves throughout that distant rose-colored
 mist, with a writhing, rhythmic motion. They formed
 curious shapes of flame, that faded strangely and came
 again!

 But my description is futile. The important thing
 was not what we saw, but what we felt! A curi-
 ously unpleasant sensation of helplessness, and of
64

AMAZING STORIES

 strange horror, came over me. I felt as if I were steal-
 ing a forbidden glimpse of an ancient and incredible
 hell! Fear swept over me—alien, inconceivable terror-
 like a keen and bitter wind that numbed my brain! I
 felt the horror of a sentient force, utterly inhuman,
 devoid of all human knowledge or understanding, as cold
 and remote as the frozen night of space!

  It was terrible—an intangible aura of fear that
reached out of that pit and tugged at our souls with the
icy hand of stark horror! I can give the world no con-
ception of the overwhelming terror of it ! Nor would
I if I could, for such things are better forgotten. I
dropped my rifle and clenched my hands, trembling. I
braced my feet as though against the force of a physical
wind that was striving to carry me toward that abyss
of nebulous horror-light!

   I looked at Sam. He stood very still, leaning back,
 with hands raised and jaw dropped. In his eyes was
 the look of the fresh and innocent soul that struggles
 with a pitiless terror that it cannot know or understand!
 Such a look I had never seen before—and God grant
 that I may never see it again!

   My gaze was drawn irresistibly back into that mantle
 of moving light. Even as I watched, a pillar of green
 flame, very bright and broad, thrust itself up through
 the wavering mist of violet fire, and into the crimson
 haze. It was like the slender head of some obscene green
 reptile. It reached up-—incredibly! It writhed and
 twisted about! It was like a great serpent of fire. And
 it saw us!

   It grew still with awful attention. Eternities seemed
 to pass as the dreadful thing hung there, motionless, like
 a vast frozen pillar of twisted emerald flame, like a
 column of curdled green fire, with curious throbbing
 changes in its brightness. I felt a weird force flowing
 out of it. And I knew that it was watching us!

  “My God!” Sam muttered. “My God!” I looked at
him again. His thin face was very white, and beaded
with perspiration. He was mechanically mopping at his
forehead with the red handkerchief, and staring at the
mist of flame with the glaze of terror upon his eyes.

   I struggled mightily to throw off the spell of amaze-
 ment and terror—of alien and unutterable horror—that
 was grasping at my mind. It was a heart-breaking
 effort. I moved. I seized Sam’s arm and shook it. He
 swayed drunkenly, with his eyes still on the awful lights.
 He was like one in a trance—like a man in a dream of
 death!

   And I felt those icy fingers of unthinkable doom clos-
 ing about my own mind. I was paralyzed again, with
 my eyes drawn back to the north. The snake’s head of
 frozen green still throbbed strangely, and the flickering
 violet aurora still kept up its storm of varying motion,
 in the dim rosy haze into which the awful head was
 lifted.

 Something was reaching toward us, out of the pit!
 I knew there was intelligence in it—a will, inhuman, and
 unthinkably strong! It was calling us, compelling us!
 I knew that in a few moments we could fight no more.

    Suddenly a low sobbing sound reached us on that
   warm, humid south wind, a sound that wailed uncer-
   tainly behind us, and rose to a piercing shriek, and slowly
   died away into the distant south, echoing weirdly on hills
   and trees as it rolled and sank.

 Sam started with a hoarse cry, and went off down the
 hill toward the north at a stumbling run—toward that

 abyss of alien horror! A moment more I struggled des-
 perately, but that pitiless power overwhelmed me! I
 followed in his tracks!

   And then, a clear rich voice reached me from beyond
 the hill—a shout in Xenora’s rich and ringing tones. It
 had a clear human overtone of confidence and courage.
 “Come back, Melvin Dane! Come back, Sam!"

   The old scientist stopped uncertainly, passing his hand
 dazedly before his brow. Abruptly the terror was gone
 from my mind! The love and the courage of the brave
 girl flowed into me. And suddenly, with the green light
 still pulsing through it, as though sent by a mighty heart,
 the terrible thing in the north dimmed slowly and faded
 away! Still the violet lances flickered through the rosy
 mist, but the green thing was gone—and we were free!

   I took Sam’s hand, and we turned our backs on the
 amazing play of fire above the incredible pit, and
 hastened to the trees from which Xenora’s voice had
 seemed to come. We reached the little grove, but I did
 not see the girl. Suddenly I had the persuasion that I
 had not actually heard her with my ears, after all!

  “Xenora! Xenora! Are you here?” I called un-
certainly.

   Sam was still trembling and mopping at his forehead.
 “She wasn’t really here, I think, Mel,” lie presently said
 in a strained voice. “She must have reached us with
 telepathy.”

   For a long time then we stood there under the flower-
 ing trees—very close together, feeling all the awftil mys-
 tery of the strange world about us—and thinking of
 what had happened.

   “What was it?” My silent lips at last formed the
 question.

   “ ‘The Lord of Flame!’ Xenora said. ‘The Lord of
 Flame!’ ‘A serpent of green fire that dwells in Xath
 below Mutron!' ” Sam repeated mechanically. “I would
 to God I knew what it is!”

  “And what was that awful sound?”

   “That was the siren of die Omnimobile, I think. You
 know we showed Xenora how to operate it. Probably
 that saved us, by attracting our minds from the Thing
 while Xenora reached us.”

  “Then if we go toward it-”

   At the instant the wild, sobbing shriek rose again, very
 welcome for all the wailing qualities of its tones. In
 a moment we were hastening down the green hillside
 among the purple trees, in the direction from which the
 sound had come. Twice we heard it again. And in
 half an hour we saw the glint of the silver metal side
 of the machine beyond a thicket of purple bloom!

    I have seen few more welcome sights than the Omni-
 mobile was then. The heaviness of it, the threatening
 nose of the little gun, the air of irresistible power about
 it, and even its clumsy, beast-like appearance were reas-
 suring. Sam gave a cheer, and we made the last hun-
 dred yards at a run. At last we stumbled up the metal
 ladder and stood upon the narrow deck again.

 We clambered through the manhole. The white elec-
 tric light of the interior was in strange contrast to the
 crimson gloom, and the coolness of the air was very
 refreshing. Xenora was in the cabin, anxiously on her
 feet.

    “It was the Lord of Flame!” she whispered. “And
   you escaped!”

    “Thanks to you, my dream girl,” I said, taking her
   boldly in my arms.
THE GREEN GIRL

65

CHAPTER XX
Sam’s Pet

  I FELT it watching you—calling you—and I pulled
  the cord that makes the great cry,” Xenora whis-
  pered, after a long, long time.

  “Thank God you did ! It saved us! We were lost 1”
And I told her of the amazing storm of flames, of the
Thing that had risen out of them, and of the irresistible
spell of terror, from which she had awakened us.

  “Yes,” she said. “It was the Lord of Flame. He
watches the world from Xath. He knows the acts of
every man!”

   I must have reeled a little with fatigue, for suddenly
the girl looked at me with quick sympathy brimming in
her eyes. “But you—my white prince of dreams—you
are very tired. You must rest.”

   Abruptly I realized that I was tired, dead with fatigue,
with an unutterable weariness not only of body but of
mind, for the horror had exhausted my emotions. I
heard Sam splashing water under the shower. I fol-
lowed him to the bathroom, and then went to my bunk
in the stern, for I had given Xenora my stateroom. I
was leaden with weariness, but peacefully secure in. the
protection of the heavy metal walls of the Omnimobile.

   I have very little idea how long I slept, for we had
let our watches run down. In the absence of the sun,
we came to pay less and less attention to the time, though
we usually kept the chronometers going.

  When I woke I felt greatly refreshed, with my ter-
rorized despair almost gone. But I would not forget
the sense of evil and intelligent power that I had got
from the pillar of strange green fire that had been thrust
so deliberately and purposefully up through the mist of
violet flame, and into the rosy haze that hung over the
hidden abyss in which it lurked.

  It had seen us! I knew it. And I knew that, even
if its incredible power seemed withdrawn, it was still
not far away.

  I heard Sam speak, heard Xenora laugh. Evidently
they were in the little galley, for I heard the clatter of
cooking utensils. I dressed and went in. How beauti-
ful the girl was! Her red lips were brilliant against the
light green tan of her skin. Her dark hair fell over her
shoulders in a rich cascade, and her violet eyes were
sparkling with life.

  She came to me quickly, and took my hand. No
words passed between us, for our minds were too near
together to need many words. It was enough for me to
see the sympathy and love in her eyes. And it seemed
again, when our hands met, that a subtle current flowed
back and forth between us, setting our minds alight,
making our hearts beat faster, raising us together into
a higher ethereal plane and fusing our beings into one 1

   In a moment Sam, with a kind smile of understanding
on his face, called us to the table. The steak from the
thing we had killed was a great success, and the table
was loaded with the good things with which the larder
of the machine was stocked. The girl ate heartily, as
did Sam and I, and we talked and laughed a good deal.
Even if the small number of our common experiences
limited the topics of conversation, we had a merry
enough time of it, and somehow that happy meal gave
us greater courage to meet the strange menace that rose
before us.

   After we had eaten, and all had helped wash the
dishes, all in the same gay spirit, Sam got out the box
in which he had put the little creature he had named
Alexander. I had quite forgotten all about the diminu-
tive winged plant. With mingled curiosity and repul-
sion I watched him unfasten the box. I had not yet
recovered from my instinctive horror at sight of the
flying plants. Xenora seemed to share my antipathy
toward them. But Sam has always seemed to care as
much for wild life as for men; and he seemed to con-
sider the little creature as natural a pet as a dog. How-
ever, of course, his real reason for keeping it was for
scientific observation.

   The thing fluttered about in the box when he picked
it up, and as soon as the lid was raised, it flew out and
lit on his hand. Already it seemed bigger and stronger
than it had been a day before. The pale yellow of the
little fish-like body was darkening. The wings seemed
a darker green, and stronger. The blood-color of the
slender tentacles along the sides of the body was growing
deeper and deeper.

   The weird little monster clung to his finger with
three of its tentacles, holding the thin, petal-like mem-
branes about its head extended, and moving its black,
knobbed organs restlessly. At first the color of the
flower-like tissues was almost white, but when I made
a sudden motion, they quickly darkened to a deep violet,
and the little creature crouched down in Sam’s hand as
if it were alarmed.

   Sam smiled down at it with real understanding in his
face.

   H« uncovered on the table a dish containing a great
chunk of the raw, bloody meat of the thing we had killed.
The queer, flower-like head twisted about, and the black,
stalked organs moved like eyes. Abruptly the membrane
changed color again, from the violet of its fright to a
deep red.

   Sam held his hand over the meat and the slender ten-
tacles disengaged themselves and writhed down over the
plate like tiny red snakes. They began to suck the juices
out of the meat, and, as the thing filled itself, the strange
flower slowly faded in color, until it was a pale pink.

   Observing my instinctive horror of the thing, Sam
said: “That’s the way it was meant to eat, Mel. Noth-
ing unnatural about it. Our table manners might not
seem very elegant to an angel 1”

   “I guess you’re right. But that thing just gets on
my nerves.”

   When he went to put the little creature back in the
box, it clung to his finger as if reluctant to go, and
strange bright patterns of color flashed over the thin
membrane. It seems fantastic enough, but even then I
was sure that the little thing possessed intelligence, and
that it was beginning to feel affection for Sam.

   The next time he took it out it seemed larger and
stronger—and hungrier! We stayed there for what
must have been ten days, though we kept no accurate
account of time. It grew rather astonishingly, and
always its odd appearance of intelligence was greater.
It seemed to feel a real affection for Sam. He whistled
ancient tunes to it sometimes, and it seemed to listen
in great delight. And for long hours he would sit with
the thing in his lap and talk to it. »He declared that it
was getting so that it could understand. Bright colors
crawled on the membranous fringe, and it seemed to
listen to him with great intentness.
66

AMAZING STORIES

CHAPTER XXI

                                                                       <r

Back to the Haunted Hill

ON THE morning—if one may speak of morning
in that world of eternal day—after we had slept
off the fatigue of our visit to the hill where we
had seen the lights of terror, Sam took me aside for a
short talk.

  “Mel,” he said, “we can’t forget what we’ve come here
for! My generator is still keeping up the interference
in the ether; but, sooner or later, the force we have
come to fight—and it must be that ‘Lord of Flame’ of
Xenora's, and the thing we saw from the hill—will
break down the interference! And then the earth—will
freeze!”

  “But what can we do against—that? And Xenora!
Sam, I can't leave her. She’s worth more to me than
the earth! There’s plenty of room in here for us to
live our lives out. I’ve been thinking about it—and I
can’t go!”

  He nodded sympathetically. “I know, Mel. She
means a lot to you. But perhaps we will win and save
our lives, too.”

  “Not a chance!” I said bitterly. “Not against that
thing we saw! It means death—or worse! But I sup-
pose we have to go on and do our best!”

  The old man was beaming. He patted me on the
shoulder. “I knew you would be with me, when you had
time to think,” he said. “Now, when the life of the
world is at issue, we can’t consider ourselves.”

  “What do you think we can do?”

  “What can’t we do? We have the Omnimobile. We
have machines and tools. We have knowledge, and our
hands. We can go anywhere, and do anything! But
the first thing is to study, to find out what we have to
deal with, and how to fight it.”

  “I suppose so.”

  “Mel, we must go back to that hill.”

  “No! no! Not there! It was only a miracle—and
Xenora—that saved us before!”

  “I’ve some theories. We’ll be better prepared next
time.”

  A sudden thought struck me. “Say, couldn’t we pay
a flying visit to our own world again, and tell what
we’ve found ? Then the world would still have a chance,
w'hen we are—gone. A half-million Americans, with
tanks and heavy artillery, would look mighty good down
here. And it would just take a day or two to go.”
“No,” Sam said. “The world would hardly believe
it all, even if we carried out what evidence we could.
And nothing could be done in time. Then, I’m not sure
we could get out. In fact, I’m pretty sure we couldn’t.
The rockets might carry us three miles high, all right;
but we could never break through that water from be-
neath. We would fall back. Mel, it’s up to us!”
During the days that followed, Sam spent most of his
hours in the little laboratory. He spent much time on
those great machines that controlled his forces in the
ether. And he invented and developed another device
that was more nearly within my understanding.

  “You know, Mel," he said one day, “I think I can
rig up something to protect us from that—fear—that
came so near getting us. Ever since you made your
telepathic contact with the Green Girl, I have had the
idea that the brain sets up disturbances in the ether.

We know that the action of the nervous system is elec-
trical in nature, and all electric discharges set up ether
waves. It happened that you and she had great minds,
created in perfect synchronism, so that each was sensi-
tive to the vibrations of the other. Hypnotism is best
explained by such electric theories.

  “Now, I am convinced that the ‘Lord of Flame’
is a brain—whether in a human body or not I cannot
attempt to say. It creates such powerful etheric dis-
turbances that it was able to affect us at a distance. If
that is the case, it ought to be a fairly simple matter to
provide insulation against its vibrations. You know that
induction or electric action cannot penetrate a conduct-
ing cage. I ought to be able to fix a conducting helmet
that will prevent the induction of neuronic currents in
our brains.”

  A short time after he showed me three helmets, as he
called them. They were little more than bags of wire
gauze to be put over our heads. He demonstrated that an
electroscope draped with one of them remained entirely
unaffected by charges brought near it; but it seemed a
ridiculously inadequate protection against that terror.

  We went hunting several times, for the benefit of the
little plant. After the first few days, Sam let it go
along, hanging on his coat. It was growing very fast, and
developing remarkable characteristics. It showed sur-
prising intelligence. Sam seemed to have a real affec-
tion for it, and it, in turn, seemed to love him.

   I never ceased to feel the strangeness of those expedi-
tions over the rolling green grasslands, among the
sparsely scattered flowering trees, in the hot damp air
and the intense red light. We shot two more animals
like the first, and three others of a smaller variety, which
somewhat resembled large rabbits.

  Very shortly after Sam had perfected his electro-
screen helmets, he planned another expedition to the hill
where we had so nearly met incredible disaster. We
carried a telescope, electrometers, spectroscope, and a
few pieces of Sam’s recently developed and highly com-
plicated apparatus, which he had neglected to name, for
detecting and analyzing etheric waves.

  Xenora insisted on going with us, and there seemed
no reason for leaving her behind, since Sam had perfect
confidence in the efficacy of his new helmets, and since
the girl herself was an excellent woodsman, and could
undertake to keep us from getting lost.

  We had a long hot march of it across the green plateau
among the purple trees, with the fierce beams of the
crimson sky pouring down upon us. Burdened with the
heavy instruments, we were worn out when we reached
the summit. I had suggested that we come in the ma-
chine, but Sam wanted to keep it out of the sight of
the weird enemy we fought.

  Once more we gazed across the vast valley of purple
and green, to the mists of ruby light over that abyss be-
yond the distant lake, in which the violet beams still
danced and pulsed. And hardly did we have our ap-
paratus set up when we saw that unearthly, serpent-
like beam of green fire writhe up out of the vale of
mystery into the rosy haze!

  We had on the insulating shields, and I felt nothing
of the inexplicable horror of the former occasion;
though, of course, the whole adventure was certainly
terrible enough. But now that strange thing of green
seemed distant and devoid of menace. By way of ex-
periment, I ventured to raise my helmet. The terror
THE GREEN GIRL

67

caught me like a cold and rushing torrent that swept me
almost off my feet 1 I was glad enough to get the wire
gauze fastened back about my head again.

   “It is the Lord of Flame,” Xenora cried, “looking
 over toward the city of my people, to see who will be
 taken to become his slaves. This is a wonderful thing,
 Barsoni Sam, that lets us not feel its power!’’—Barsoni
 being a word that means 'great man,’ in the tongue of
 Lothar.

   For many minutes the amazing shape of twisting
green radiance hung in the air. Sam was busy with his
apparatus, squinting at the thing through telescope and
spectroscopc, and reading his other devices. At last the
awful, throbbing thing faded away, and died into noth-
ingness. Only the violet lances were left in the mist.

   “Many of my theories were substantiated,” Sam in-
 formed me, almost jubilant. “And I got a lot of new
 data! It is rather odd, but the light from that thing
 shows the helium lines as luminous bands, not as the
 dark lines that might be expected to rise from the ab-
 sorption of the helium in this atmosphere! I can hardly
 understand it!”

   He said nothing more, but was sunk deep in thought
 as we quickly gathered the instruments and hastened
 silently down the hill. I felt that he had won a notable
 victory in the invention of the thought-insulating hel-
 mets. We arrived at the machine again without
 accident.

CHAPTER XXII

The Silver Sphere

FOR several days longer, Sam continued his labors
in the laboratory. During that time “Alexander,”
the flying plant, developed remarkably. Before we
moved, it had a wing-spread of two or three feet. I
have spoken of its intelligence. It soon learned to flutter
to the guns when we were preparing to hunt. Sam
talked to it incessantly, and declared that it could un-
derstand him. He said it could even make its thoughts
known by the varying pattern of colors on its fringe
of brilliant membrane. Presently he had it trained to
dry dishes and to do other similar tasks in the galley.

   Of course the thing never learned to speak. In fact,
 it was devoid of vocal organs, and incapable of making
 a sound, though its hearing seemed to be good enough.
 It appeared to communicate its emotions and thoughts
 by means of changes of color in the tissue-like mem-
 brane that I have termed a flower. And, from a strictly
 scientific point of view, communication by light, or sight,
 is quite as logical as communication by sound.

   Sam examined the black, rod-like organs projecting
 from the flower on the thing, and said that each of them
 bore thousands of tiny eyes, like the compound eyes of
 an insect.

   After we had been in the vicinity for perhaps two
 weeks by upper world time, we started the Omnimo-
 bile’s great motors again, and moved northward. I had
 not told Xenora about my talk with Sam—our minds
 were too closely attuned to require much conversation.

 I knew that she understood that our maneuver would
 probably mean our sacrifice to the cause of the world.
 She said nothing of it, but I thought I detected a sadness
 in her manner.

During all the hours that Sam had been in his labora-

tory, alone or with Alexander, I had spent most of the
time with Xenora. We wandered together about the
meadows, or sat in the cabin to escape the almost intol-
erable heat. Always I loved her more, brimming as she
was with humor and sympathy and love. And bitterly
I cursed the fate that was dragging us both to our
doom!

   Even at the beginning, Sam’s scientific achievements
 had been so far above my understanding, that I would
 scarcely comprehend them, and his later speculations
 regarding the menace of the abyss were so abstruse that
 I quite failed to follow them. His little workshop for-
 ward was crammed with strange machinery-, some of it
 humming incessantly. Indeed, his apparatus was still
 keeping up the interference that prevented the freezing
 of the earth!

   Sam had been signally unsuccessful in getting any
 scientific information from Xenora, for the simple
 reason that she had none to impart. But, from her
 geographical knowledge, he attempted to draw a map,
 showing the locations of Lothar, of Mutron, and of the
 pit of the Lord of Flame.

   It seemed that there was a strip a score of miles in
 width between the farther blue walls of the abyss and
 the great lake we had seen. The pit of Xath seemed to
 be a great crater lying in that strip. On the brink of the
 crater Xenora located her “City of the Sleepers,” or
 Mutron. The domain of the last city of Lothar, where
 she had spent her childhood, lay along the cliffs far to
 the west of there.

   Our boldest plan of action would have been to hurl
 the machine, by means of the rocket tubes, into the abyss
 in a direct attack on the Lord of Flame; but Sam, for
 reasons he did not divulge, doubted the success of such
 a maneuver. He wished to keep up his researches, and
 possibly to visit the city of Lothar. His apparatus told
 him that hidden forces were again stirring in the ether.

   For ten hours we moved toward the north, making a
 long detour to westward to keep within a valley, and
 always trying to take advantage of such cover as was
 offered by the purple trees. The country was, for the
 most part, rolling and green, with the great flowering
 trees dotting the hills and plains but sparsely. The
 blazing radiation of the eternal crimson day was un-
 diminished, but the temperature fell slightly with in-
 creased altitude.

   Xenora and I were together at the cabin control-board,
 driving the machine; and Sam was in the conning-
 tower, with the little gun, ready for emergencies. When
 we had been moving for some ten hours, we mounted a
 low, bare hill, and saw in the little green valley before
 us a thicker forest of the bright purple trees, offering
 good cover for the machine.

   We had crossed the summit, and I had increased the
 speed to ten miles per hour in haste to reach the trees,
 in spite of Sam’s fear that the operation of the motors
 at anything like full capacity would create a disturbance
 in the ether that our hidden enemies would pick up.

   Suddenly I saw a strange thing skimming along over
 the bright forest before us—in our direction! It looked
 like a bright silver globe, many feet in diameter! It
 floated a few hundred feet above the trees, drifting
 smoothly along like a bright metal balloon in a very swift
 wind. There was no visible propulsive mechanism.

  I shouted a warning to Sam through the speaking
tube, to stand by his little gun.
-68

AMAZING STORIES

   Xenora laid a light hand on my shoulder and said,
 in a tense voice: “It is the Sleepers of Mutron, the slaves
 of the Lord of Flame! They will fight to death—they
 know not fear!”

   As the silver sphere drifted swiftly and silently down
 upon us, as though borne by an invisible wind, twice I
 caught a glimpse of a slender ray of purple flame, that
 darted out of it and moved searchingly over the bare
 greensward below. And then a rich purple beam fell
 suddenly and intensely upon the Omnimobile!

   When that misty finger of purple light discovered us,

 I saw a strange vortex of pale green fire spring up about
 the globe and reach out in our direction. Suddenly I
 realized that this ship was of the same appearance as the
 weird thing that had destroyed our cottage! Small hope,

 I thought, if that force of atomic disintegration were
 to be released again!

   I heard the rapid crashing of the machine gun, as Sam
 began to fire, and presently bursts of smoke appeared
 about the gleaming sphere. But to hit a relatively small
 and rapidly moving target even a mile away is no mean
 feat of marksmanship. I drove rapidly for the purple
 wood, but with little hope of getting there before the
 terrible red disintegration had melted us away.

   Suddenly I heard the drone of some of Sam’s new
 machinery going into action. He had mounted his
 switches and dials in the conning-tower, so he could
 control it from where he stood. Vivid blue electric flame
 quivered and flashed over the metal parts of the machine
 as his new weapons went into play!

   The floating globe of silver drifted nearer, and the
 misty vortex of green fire about us grew more intense.
 A strange red glow stole over the vegetation around us,
 and a solitary purple tree ahead burst into crimson flame.
 Then the sparkling fingers of purple fire reached out at
 us again from the sphere. I wondered vaguely why the
 strange force was not acting upon us. I did not know,
 until it was all over, that Sam’s vacuum tubes had set
 up a repulsive screen in the ether, protecting us from
 the electronic vortex!

   Abruptly an intensely bright, blinding tongue of white
 flame leapt toward the silver thing from the great plat-
 inum electrode on the nose of the Omnimobile! Sam
 had turned loose his electric arc! The flame struck the
 globe, impinging upon it like a jet of fire, converting it
 into a ball of supernal light!

   Then it fell! It plunged toward the forest in a gleam-
 ing curve! The green vortex of the disintegrator ray
 was gone, and the purple fingers shone no longer! The
 incandescent shell crashed out of sight beyond the purple
 trees!

CHAPTER XXIII

The Green Slaves

 SAM snapped off the arc as the silver ship fell, and
 the drumming of the generators stopped. For a
 little time the world was very still. Xenora stood
 tense and silent beside me. As I turned toward her, I
 caught the slight perfume of her dark hair.

   Indeed, the Green Girl was a beautiful being! The
 white flannels she wore failed to conceal the delectable
 curves of her slight and boyish figure. Her rich, red
 lips were parted slightly, in the unconscious intensity of
 her outward gaze.

   Abruptly she became conscious of my look, and turned
 to face me, with a quick smile on her face. There was
 a radiant, joyous light in her eyes. The soft green tint
 of her skin was obscured by the rich, warm flush of her
 excitement, and she smiled with gladness.

   Impulsively she reached her slender hand out to take
 mine. “You have won, Melvin Dane!” her soft voice
 said. “The ship of Mutron is fallen! We shall not
 be slaves of the Lord of Flame! We shall not die the
 violet death in the pit of Xath!”

  “I hope not, my Xenora,” I said. “I hope-” and

 I stopped in a little confusion. I was not really em-
 barrassed, but I could not go on. Really, talking to a
 princess like Xenora is quite a different tiling from mak-
 ing protestations of love to a being of one’s dreams.

   “What is it that you hope?” she said quickly, with an
 impish smile.

   Sam saved me by coming in from the turret, begrimed
 with the smoke of the little cannon. He was a won-
 derful man. He was still strong, erect, and confident,
 despite the load of toil and hardship our adventure was
 putting upon his seventy years. His white hair was
 tousled, and he was cheerfully loading up his ancient
 pipe, as calmly as if he were in his own kitchen in
 Florida.

   “Looks like the arc did for ’em all right,” he said
 briskly. “Suppose we get over and take a look. We
 might pick up something new.”

   “Very well,” I assented, and turned to start the mo-
 tors. I could not resist a grin at Xenora, who was still
 regarding me with a speculative smile. She laughed
 back at me; then was suddenly serious.

   “Be careful! The Sleepers of Mutron! They might
 be alive in the wreck! As long as they breathe, the Lord
 of Flame rules them!”

   I started the generators, and the Omnimobile rolled
 heavily down across the green slope, and through the
 fringe of flaming purple trees. In a few minutes we
 came upon the wreck of the silver car, a great tangle
 of twisted wreckage, half fused by the electricity, and
 bent and torn by the fall. It lay in the little open space,
 with a great tree splintered and smoking under it, and
 the ground about empurpled with fallen petals. The
 twisted metal plates gleamed brightly in the light of the
 scarlet sky.

   I stopped the Omnimobile, and we got out and ap-
 proached the wrecked machine. There was a vast mass
 of the debris. The globe must have been forty feet in
 diameter. We spent several minutes in gazing at it from
 different angles, and then $am and I climbed into the
 tangle of bent white plates and massive twisted girders.

   The machinery had been too completely destroyed for
 us to be sure just how it worked. But Sam thought
 that the shell had carried tanks of water, the gravity of
 which had been negatived by the emanations from tanks
 of the same luminous gas which supported the roof of
 waters, lifting the ship. From the nature of the frag-
 ments of electrical machinery we observed, it seemed
 that the horizontal propulsion was attained by the ion-
 ization and repulsion of the helium atoms in the air.
 The apparatus that had produced the atomic disintegra-
 tion was too badly wrecked to be identified.

 Presently I came upon the body of a man, caught
 between two twisted bars, and cut half in two. The
 body was naked. It had a greenish cast that was darker
 by far than that of Xenora’s fair skin. The physique,
THE GREEN GIRL

69

and the size and shape of the head, showed a race of
high intellectual development.

  The dead man had a metal frame clamped upon his
back. It was twisted and broken, and whatever had
been fastened upon his body had been torn away in
the crash. And the corpse had upon its back the strange
violet stains that had been upon Xenora when we found
her 1

  Presently Sam found another body. It had been half
burned up by the arc. It, too, had the metal frame upon
it, and the thing the frame was to hold was still clamped
to it! The body bore, fastened to the back with those
cruel metal clamps, a six-sided bar of blue metal! It
was six inches in diameter and two feet long!

   “This must be the thing Xenora calls a ‘fire crystal,’ ”
Sam said, “though I don’t see any fire about it. It’s
damned queer!”

   “Do you suppose there is machinery in the bar, that
generates forces or currents that move the man about
like a puppet?”

  “Might be. I don’t know. The metal thing may be
a receiver for the occult force set up in the ether by the
Lord of Flame—hypnotism by radio, perhaps, or some-
thing of the kind.”

   “Anyhow, as you said, it’s damned queer, like every-
thing else we’ve found here—excepting Xenora.”
“Suppose we take the thing along, and open it up
when we have time?”

   He produced a pair of pliers, and we twisted the odd
blue bar out of its frame, and carried it to the machine.
It was oddly light to be metal, though it must have been
an irksome burden to the one on which it was fastened.
We got aboard again, and moved for the cover of the
purple wood, for we did not know how soon relief would
come for the fallen ship. But Xenora assured us that
the Lunaks, as she called the flying things, quite fre-
quently destroyed the ships of Mutron, and that the fate
of this one would be laid to them.

CHAPTER XXIV

The Blue Prism

FOR perhaps thirty miles we drove the great ma-
chine through the brilliant 'forest, southward down
a broad valley. At last we stopped in a little grove
of tall flowering trees, close by the cool crystal stream.
Beyond the grove was a little patch of green clearing
with the great purple trees closing in all about it. It
was a peaceful spot, weirdly beautiful, and it seemed
secure enough. The unceasing wind was not so hot be-
neath the great trees, and they shielded us from the burn-
ing, crimson glare of the sky.

  The Omnimobile seemed safely hidden beneath the
masses of purple bloom; and whenever we were tired,
or thought ourselves in danger, we could retire to the
quiet security of its cool interior, behind the thick metal
walls. Frankly, I hoped that our stay there would be
a long one. I tried to forget the menace that hung over
the earth.

  Our life there was simple, and, for my part, I was
supremely happy. Or not quite supremely, for I could
not quite still my conscience. I was pretty well resigned
to fate, however. With such a girl as Xenora, a man
might be supremely happy anywhere. We tramped to-
gether about the grove, gathered the tiny, bright-red

flowers in the green meadows, and bathed in the cool
dark pools, where the river flowed beneath the purple
trees. Sometimes she sang to me the folk-songs of her
people, monuments of the high estate that Lothar had
once enjoyed.

  What would it matter to me if the eternal death came
again and forever to the upper earth? What would it
matter if the earth did freeze? I forgot in the idyllic
happiness of Xenora’s companionship—or tried to for-
get. If the roof of water were changed to ice it would
only be more secure! The maiden and I could live out
our lives in this strange land, without regard to the fate
of the world. One of her matchless smiles, or a note
of her golden laughter, was worth more than all the
earth!

  Meanwhile, Sam was immersed in his laboratory work,
in the examination of the prism of blue metal, and in
his curious pet. The plant creature still grew with re-
markable speed, and always showed most remarkable
intelligence. It was always with Sam, flapping along
above him on broad green wings, or walking awkwardly
upon its thickening red tentacles. Sam gazed at the
flickering colors of the membranes about the head, with
the light of strange understanding in his eyes, making
strange gestures with his hands. Just to what extent
they could communicate, I never knew.

  It always went with him, when he went to hunt for its
meat. It was a voracious eater, requiring a kill a day.
The great sloth-like animals were plentiful and sluggish;
it was not difficult to stalk them. As soon as it was
strong enough, the plant creature learned to carry Sam’s
rifle. Its extraordinary intelligence, or imitative instinct,
is shown by the fact that one day it fired the gun itself,
when it was flying with the weapon, and saw one of the
sloths on the run.

  It showed a very real affection for Sam. Once, when
they were out together, it saved his life. One of the
tuskers had suddenly charged him from behind, and the
creature flew at it and attacked it madly with its un-
developed claws. At the cost of considerable minor
injury to itself, it held the beast off until Sam could get
in a shot. It always showed an odd delight at his ca-
resses, and seemed to take a peculiar joy in the music
of his old phonograph.

  As I have said, it grew very quickly. At the time
we stopped in the wood, it was somewhat smaller than
a hawk. Perhaps two months later (time was rather
meaningless to us during that one happy period of our
adventures in that world of unending day) the creature
had grown so large that once, in an apparently playful
mood, it was able to lift Sam and fly with him on a cir-
cuit of a hundred yards, bringing him back to the ma-
chine and setting him down very softly. Then its
armored brown body was as large as a man, and the
green wings were like sails.

  That was near the end.

  During all that period, Sam devoted much time to the
examination of that bar of strangely light, bright blue
metal. He felt that in it he might find a solution to
the mystery of the Lord of Flame. I assisted him as
much as I could. The metal was evidently an alloy.
Analysis showed that it consisted largely of aluminum.
There was a trace of a heavy metal that we could not
identify. And the bar was slightly, very slightly, radio-
active—perhaps, Sam thought, merely because it had
been exposed to intense radium emanations.
70

AMAZING STORIES

   The density of the bar was only half that of alumi-
num. For some time we could not understand that.
Careful examination showed no break in the surface;
and presently we sawed it in two, and then in many
pieces, searching for the machinery that we half-
expected to find. But, as far as we could determine, the
bar was absolutely homogeneous.

  Then Sam thought of examining it under the micro-
scope. He found that it was full of microscopic bub-
bles—hollow places! By later experiment, we found
that the metal was just a sponge of the strange alloy,
filled with tiny bubbles of helium gas, under considerable
pressure. Sam presently formulated the theory that the
alloy, when formed, had contained considerable amounts
of radium compounds; and that the alpha particles, or
charged helium atoms, thrown off by the disintegration
of the radium, while the metal was in a semi-plastic
state, had been imprisoned in it.

  But it was not until later—much later—that we got
the true meaning of it—that we understood the in-
sidious force that acted in the metal, to make human
beings slaves to it!

  So the days went by—happy, carefree days for me.

I knew real joy for the first time in my life. Since
youth I had known the Green Girl in my fancy. I had
longed to find her, with a restless, hopeless longing that
had left me discontented and unhappy, whatever my sur-
roundings. Now, at last, she was really mine. I loved
her with a singleness and intensity of affection that
turned all my emotion in one direction, so I felt little
fear or care for anything else.

   One day, when we sat like children together on a cool,
moss-covered rock beneath a great fragrant purple tree,
with a crystal pool before us, gleaming like molten ruby
in the light of the scarlet sky, I told her quite simply
that I loved her—that I had known her always, and
loved her as long.

  “The white chieftain of my dreams,” she whispered,
"for what long years I have wished for you to come and
tell me that!”

  There was no need for further words between us. It
was a long, long time before we returned to the machine,
and then I am afraid we both flushed a little before the
smile of tender understanding on Sam’s lean face.

CHAPTER XXV

The Tragedy in the Purple Wood

OUR woodland life was happy. We were quite
unconscious of the events that were shaping
themselves to bring sudden catastrophe. We
saw in our simple lives no foreshadowing of the supreme
moments of the stupendous drama in which we were in-
volved. The crisis came with little enough warning.

  On the last day of our joyous existence there (we
had fallen into the habit of making an arbitrary division
of our time into days and nights), Sam arose and fixed
our breakfast. I remember that we had pancakes, with
maple sirup. Then, since “Alexander” was fluttering
about, eager for the day’s hunt, and flickering messages
to him with its petal-like membrane, he got his rifle and
they departed.

  As the old scientist walked off through the purple
trees, puffing steadily on the old pipe in his mouth,
fondly watching the huge, winged beast that flew along

above him with his gun, little did I dream of the tragedy
that was in store! I could not have believed that Sam
stood in any great danger. The winged creature that
attended him was two-thirds grown; it would have been
more than a match for a couple of lions 1 Certainly it
was no feeble bodyguard!

  An hour after he had gone, Xenora and I took one of
my old romances of science, and walked a quarter of a
mile up the limpid stream to a favorite resort of ours.
We laughed and talked much by the way, and gathered a
great bunch of the little red blooms. I was teaching her
to read—at least that was our nominal business, though
it was usually forgotten.

  The living, wonderful mystery of her, her sheer per-
fection, the life and love that sparkled in her eyes, all
enchanted me, carried my thoughts away from the page!

  We sat together on our mossy stone seat, reading a
little, and laughing and talking much, until we forgot all
except each other. When I looked at my watch, I found
that we had been there many hours. We got up and
started back to the machine, speculating light-heartedly
on what Sam would have ready for dinner.

  We shouted carefree greetings as we approached the
machine, and received no reply. We got to the deck, and
descended to the cabin in vague alarm, but saw no sign
of the old scientist. We hoped that he had only been
delayed. I blew the siren several times, and listened to
hear a signal from his gun. But when the echoes of the
blast had died away from the silent purple wood, all was
still again. We heard no answering shot.

  I climbed out on the deck to listen. Not a sound dis-
turbed the stillness, save the faint rustle of the unceasing
wind in the purple trees above, and the crystal tinkle of
the little stream. Green meadows and bright trees lay
steaming beneath the hot red sky—quiet as death. The
stillness was ominous. It bore the portent of doom!

  Presently Xenora crept up by me and ran her strong
cool arm through mine. Her violet eyes were solemn,
now; and her fair face was clouded with anxiety. She
had come to share my love for Sam.

  “I am afraid for him,” she whispered. “Many things
might have happened. The beasts he hunted may have
charged and killed him. Or a ship of Mutron may have
found him—the ships of the Lord of Flame travel even
to the waters of the lower sea to do battle with the
Lunaks. And there is another danger of the wood—that
is never seen. The hunters of Lothar never venture far
from the city.”

  Her words were not particularly encouraging, and I
made ready to go to look for Sam at once. I carried a heavy
rifle, my pistol, and an emergency medicine kit. Xenora
insisted on going along, and I could do nothing but assent.
I did not wish to leave her alone, and she herself was no
mean woodsman. In fact, when it came to the matter of
following the trail over the low green plants, she proved
far more expert than myself.

  We left at once. The trail led us east for a mile, par-
allel to the stream, in the cover of the purple trees. Then
it turned north across an open meadow; and there
Xenora picked up the spoor of one of the great sloths,
which Sam had stalked. It led on to a group of three
giant purple trees, and there we found two fired catridges
from Sam’s rifle. Three hundred yards farther on, in an
open meadow, we found the kill.

  Alexander had evidently had his fill from it; and near
by were the dying embers of a fire, and the charred green
THE GREEN GIRL

71

stick on which Sam had cooked a steak for himself. The
ground around the fire was somewhat tom up. The
green plants had been uprooted and crushed. And there
on the ground I found another cartridge from the rifle.

   Presently Xenora picked up a trail leading toward a
 clump of the flowering trees to the north. We followed
 it hastily, silent with fearful anticipations. Twice we
 saw on the ground great splashes of green liquid, of the
 life-fluid of the plant creatures. Had Sam’s pet been
 fighting for him in the air as he fled ?

   Then we came to the pitiful end of the trail. The
 ground was frightfully torn up, as if great bodies had
 struggled there. There were great splotches of the green
 fluid, and a fateful stain—evidently of human blood.
 Sam’s battered pith helmet we found on the ground there,
 and six fired shells—silent tokens of the battle!

   From the spot no trail led away. There was no evi-
 dence to show whether the battle had ended in death or
 in capture, nor anything to show what manner of being
 the unknown assailant had been. For a long time we
 stood there, gazing at the spot in lifeless grief and de-
 spair, apathetically fingering the helmet and shells, vainly
 trying to picture the contest, and looking about for other
 signs.

   “It is no use to go farther,” Xenora said at last. “It
 is the unknown menace of the purple wood. Many a man
 of Lothar has been taken by it—it is a silent, wineed
 death!”	K

CHAPTER XXVI

The Last City of Lothar

 PRESENTLY we turned and trudged wearily back
 to the Omnimobile. There was nothing else to do.

 I was sick with an aching heart. It was incredible
 that Sam, kind and true friend that he had always been,
 should be no more. A choking lump rose in my throat,
 and I confess that a few tears rolled down my cheek.

   But I still had Xenora. As we walked, I put my arms
 around her, protectingly, in the grim determination that
 this strange world should not rob me also of the dream
 girl for whom I had searched two worlds. My love of
 her kept me from utter despair, but even then I knew
 that our ideal life could not go on.

   I would have to find what it was that had taken Sam—
 to identify the thing that Xenora called so vaguely “the
 menace of the purple wood.” Might it be the wild plant
 monsters, or was it something even more alien and ter-
 rible? And I thought more seriously of the danger to
 the earth, that I had been trying so vainly to forget.
 Sam’s responsibility had fallen on my shoulders. I must
 see what I could do.

   With the wonderful intuitive knowledge of one an-
 other s thoughts that Xenora and I have always had, she
 understood what was passing in my mind before I said
 anything. Softly, she took my fingers in her hand, and
 looked at me with deep sympathy in her eyes.

   “I know, Melvin, what you think. And it is right. It
 is hard, so soon after you have come here to find me—
 but it must be. I can guide you to the city pf my people.

 I can even show you to the brink of the pit of Xath,
 if you would go there!”

   “You are very brave and true, my princess!”

   “I come from Lothar! If you feel that your duty bids
 you risk the violet death in Xath, I would not dissuade

 you. But the Lord of Flame is mighty—no man can
 fight him! He has power over all!”

   “Except our love,” I said. I stopped, and took her in
 my arms, and pressed her red warm lips against my own.
 In the whole world, she was all that was mine. She clung
 to me fiercely, as if the terrible power of the pit of flames
 was trying to tear her away.

   At last we went on, and presently we reached the Omni-
 mobile, hidden in the purple grove. In Sam’s absence, it
 looked very cheerless and lonely. We got aboard and made
 ready for departure. I tuned up the motors, and exam-
 ined the electric weapons, and cleaned and loaded the
 little cannon again. As I worked, Xenora went in the
 galley and fixed a lunch. We ate quickly, under the
 silent pall of bitter tragedy, thinking of the smiling old
 man that should have been with us.

   Then we climbed into the conning-tower, and I
switched on the engines. The humming of the genera-
tors rose again, and the great machine lumbered clumsily
out of the little wood, where it had been hidden for so
many happy days. For many hours we held a north-
westward course over the green plateaus and through the
purple woodlands, with the light of the crimson day shin-
ing through the ports.

   Xenora stood by me and chose the route. For the last
 few miles we crept along just east of a high, bare ridge
 of rocks. At last she bade me stop the machine in a
 clump of trees at the foot of the hill. The last city of
 Lothar, she said, lay but a mile beyond.

   I took my binoculars and a rifle, and we left the ma-
 chine and clambered up a half mile to the top of the
 ridge. The girl led the way, slipping cautiously through
 the rocks. At last she threw herself down behind a
 fringe of the low green plants, and motioned me to crawl
 up beside her.

   “Look,” she whispered, “and see all that is left of
 Lothar, the proud kingdom of my fathers, under the
 curse of the Lord of Flame!”

   Indeed it was a scene of ruined grandeur that met my
 eyes. A little valley, perhaps two miles wide, lay beyond
 the ridge on which we were concealed. On the low hill
 beyond, standing out against the crimson sky, was a mas-
 sive ruined wall. Back of it rose the crumbling desolate
 ruins of great towers and palaces of stone, covered with
 the moss of centuries of decay—merely the bare bleached
 skull of a dead civilization!

   “It was in those fallen palaces of my fathers,” Xenora
 whispered again, “that I found the strange machine that
 brought me the first dream of you.”

 _ I Put UP the glasses and made out the actual city out-
 side the wall. Certainly Lothar had fallen since its days
 of radio. There was a mere straggling village of rude
 stone huts spread out on the valley floor, below the colos-
 sal ruined metropolis. The few hundred buildings were
 surrounded by a little cleared space, with the purple for-
 est creeping up to reclaim it forever. I made out a few
 children playing about the trees, and a dozen ill-clad men
 working in the clearings. A few wreaths of smoke
 curled up from the dwellings; the peole had not yet lost
 the art of fire!

   And hanging silent and menacing in the air above the
 village was the visible symbol of the alien power that had
 wrecked that ancient civilization! A great, gleaming
 silver ball—a ship like the one we had fought—hung mo-
 tionless above the huts, with a quick purple beam from it
 flickering frequently over them!
72

AMAZING STORIES

  For a long time we lay there watching that desolate,
pitiful scene, and then Xenora touched my arms, and we
slipped back down the ridge. She was silent, with grief
and despair in her eyes.

  “See!” she whispered at last. “See! Lothar is dead!
The Lord of Flame has killed it! The men are poor
struggling wretches; they could do nothing even if the
flame were gone! My father was the last king of Lo-
thar. His was a troubled reign, and he has been dead
many hundred sleeps!”

  “Don’t grieve so, my princess,” I said. “There are
still vast cities above the waters, where men are power-
ful and wise, and where the’ sky is blue and a white sun
shines, and where there is a domain many times larger
than all this abyss!”

  “Can we go there—ever ?” she questioned eagerly.

  “No. We can never leave this land, even if the Lord
of Flame is killed. The machine cannot break through
the roof of water from below. And the power of the
Lord of Flame is coming to earth. Even now it may be
a dead and frozen world.”

  And drooping in the silence of dull despair, we reached
the machine, and drove quickly for the protection of the
deeper wood.

CHAPTER XXVII

Mutron of the Sleepers

FOR half a dozen hours we lumbered eastward
through the forest. We wallowed through swamps,
and rolled over broad green meadows alight with
the crimson day, and broke through jungles bright with
purple bloom. At last we emerged on a narrow upland,
with the great lake below it. The black sheet of water,
tinged with the red light of the sky, stretched away for
many miles to the eastward. Along its northern shore we
could see the low cliffs that divided it from the pit of
Xath.

  We stopped the machine, and looked for a long time
across the black lake to the north, and over the low cliffs
to the ruby mist beyond, alive with the dancing violet
lights.

  Then I turned to the rare girl beside me, who was
watching me with tears brimming in her violet eyes. The
utter grief, the black despair 011 her face half broke my
resolution. I felt doubtful, weak, utterly miserable, with
pain stabbing at my heart like a thin steel blade.

  “It is right. You must go,” she whispered bravely.

  I took her in my arms again. How wonderful and true
she was! Struggling so bravely to hold back her tears!
More precious than ever in the final parting! A single
hour of the heaven of that embrace—embittered by the
knowledge that it would soon be ended!

  Then, quickly, lest my resolution fail, I made ready for
departure! I stretched up a tent in a little grove above
the lake, and stocked it with a liberal assortment of sup-
plies from our store-room. I gave Xenora an automatic
and a case of ammunition, and showed her how to use the
weapon. Here she was to stay, in the vain hope that I
might return a victor from the mad attack on the Lord
of Flame.

  For I had determined to enter the abyss. I knew that
was what Sam would have me do, rather than lose time
in an attempt to learn his fate. Xenora was eager to cast
her lot with mine, but I would not hear of it.

  A choking lump was in my throat as I staggered

aboard the Omnimobile, and closed the manhole with a
trembling hand. I gave a final heartbreaking glance to
the splendid girl, majestic and erect, even in her pain,
standing desolate and alone by the tent. Then I turned
on the generators, and drove north along the lake shore.

  I had the rude map that Sam had drawn from Xen-
ora’s knowledge. It showed the pit of the Lord of Flame
to be just north of the lake, separated from it only by a
surprisingly narrow wall of cliffs which, the girl said,
had been a highway of her fathers, though it was now
covered with jungle. And the city of Mutron was shown
north of me, 011 the brink of the pit of Xath.

  Steadily I drove northward, in a daze of fevered pain.
It seems an eternity when I look back upon it, but it could
not have been many hours. Automatically I kept in the
shelter of the purple trees. At last I emerged on the
edge of a great plateau, covered with the green vegeta-
tion, many miles across. On the south and west, from
whence I had come, it was surrounded by purple trees—
by the thick purple wood in which I had halted. On the
north the great cliffs towered up to the sharp-edged scar-
let roof, four miles above. It was strange to see the blue
walls cut off so abruptly by the red. The sky was like a
red lake seen inverted in a mirror. Those blue cliffs
were hardly a dozen miles away now—I had to bend back
my head to see the sharp line where the roof cut them
off.

  On the east side of that plateau, there was—nothing!

  Beyond, lay the pit of Xath, with the faint ruby mist
above it, filled as always with the wavering reflections of
violet flames. And a half dozen miles before me, on the
brink of that pit, stood—Mutron!

  The City of the Sleepers!

  A strange scene it was! A city of silver metal!
Domes and towers and pyramids of argent whiteness!
Vast incredible machines! Huge and oddly wrought
structures! Titanic cubes and cylinders and cones! All
of gleaming silver! The city shone with a cold light. It
was as weird, as unearthly, as a dead city of the moon!
It had the silent, ghostly gleam of moonlight! It was
wrapped in mystery, clad in frozen fear!

  And the city was not idle. Those vast amazing ma-
chines were moving. Silver globe-ships were drifting in
silent haste above it! And ever and anon, one of them
dropped over the rim, into the pit of Xath, or one floated
unexpectedly up out of that abyss!

  As I stood there in the Omnimobile, in the shadow of
the last of the purple trees, my heart grew sick again
with doubt. What, indeed, could I, with my puny ma-
chine, do against the great science that that city of mys-
tery represented? The men of one once mighty empire
were now slaves to it! What hope was there for me?
Was not the human race, like the bison or the dodo, about
to fall before a superior power ?

  But there would be no turning back. I saw to it that
all the machinery was in order, and returned to the con-
ning-tower. Before me was the instrument board that
controlled the electric arc and the rocket tubes, as well as
the machinery.

  I started the hydrodyne generators at their full capac-
ity, and then threw the switch. As the half million horse
power went through the resistance coils, jets of super-
heated steam roared out of the nozzles, condensing in
white rushing clouds. The terrific force of the jets up-
rooted the purple trees, and the machine vibrated to the
mighty blast. I was hurled into the air. With a speed
THE GREEN GIRL

73

that swiftly increased to many hundreds of miles per
hour, I hurtled the broad plain, and over the ghostly
white city of silver—and into the abyss!

  The plateau ended abruptly as if cut off with a knife.
The crater fell sheer away before me, stretching to the
vast blue cliffs in the north, and to the line of living pur-
ple and green that marked the beginning of the eastward
forests. Only a thin green line separated the abyss from
the lake on the south, which, in the reflected light of the
scarlet sky, horribly suggested a sea of blood, ready to
flow into the pit.

  Undoubtedly the crater was of volcanic origin. I could
not determine its depth, nor the state of its floor—it was
filled with the thick crimson mist. The wavering tongues
of violet fire still flickered through it, throbbing
strangely, like the reflection of fires below—hinting un-
pleasantly of alien life.

  As the rich green plain vanished beneath me, and I
sped high over that busy strange white city and into the
haze of the abyss, an odd feeling of the wildness and the
unfamiliar terror of the place stole over me again. I was
very thankful for the invention of Sam’s, for the thin
helmet of wire gauze above my head!

  Suddenly a great twisting bar of green fire writhed
up, like a serpent’s head, from the nest of flames. It
swung and coiled and twisted through the rosy mists with
a slow, deliberate motion, like an incredible reptile of
flame, raising its head, looking, searching! Despite the
helmet, great fear swept my brain like a hot flame!

CHAPTER XXVIII

The Flaming Brain

MIGHTY winds whipped about me. The roaring
jets of steam drove the throbbing machine on
over the rosy mists, and over the flickering vio-
let flames. And I fell—dropped into the hidden pit.
Vividly I saw the great writhing head of green rising
above the fire-fog ahead, with that in its waving, serpen-
tine motion that told me that its eyes were already upon
me! I was certain that it was a living, sentient entity,
that it was intelligent!

  Could my weapons avail against it?

  I fell through the rosy clouds. The green and purple
rim of the abyss grew vague, and the blue cliffs in the
north assumed a misty indistinctness. The red mist
shone until it seemed that I was swimming in a fog of
crimson fire.

  And all the while the bright beautiful face of Xenora
was before me. The light of her clear violet eyes drove
the strangeness and the fear from my mind, leaving only
my pain at leaving her. I drove the machine mechanic-
ally, lost in a daze of grief.

  For ages, it seemed, I shot forward through the haze.
At last I made out a bare floor of sand and rocks, pitted
with circular craters. It was a good thousand feet be-
low, and still dim in the haze. I opened the bow tubes,
and the force of my fall was checked. In three minutes
more, the machine struck the earth, bow first. It tore a
vast hole in the sand, and rolled over twice, coming to
rest on its side. Fortunately it had been built to with-
stand such knocks; fortunately, too, I was strapped in
my cushioned seat.

  I got the motors started and worked the machine to an
upright position. The crater floor was visible for half

a mile about in all directions. It was a dead, desolate
waste of hard sand and twisted black volcanic rocks.
Further vision was cut off by the rosy mist that hung
above the floor.

  Then I saw, far before me, a bright violet gleam
through the crimson mist! Indistinctly I saw a broad
green shaft of pulsing fire rise from it, to lose itself in
the crimson sky! That intense violet light, from which
the flickering reflections came, and from which the green
beam reached up, I knew, must be the seat of the Lord of
Flame!

  I started the engines once more, and the machine rolled
mightily forward over the bare rocks, with a great
clangor of metal upon stone, forging ahead at last to meet
the alien menace. It roared over bare sandy flats,
rounded great boulders, crashed into pits, crawled
through craters! Then, suddenly, that terrible green
flame flared out toward me! I knew that I had been dis-
covered ! Like a lance of green flame it flashed through
the red gloom above! Its motion was alert, surprised,
terrible!

  I set the loading mechanism of the little gun to fire
high explosive, and put it in action, hurling shells in the
direction of that violet light. And still I drove swiftly
on. The flashes of the explosions were visible through
the mist ahead, but the deep violet light still glowed.

  I turned on the reserve power units, and the machine
vibrated from their throbbing drone. I threw another
switch, and the deep purr of the giant transformers filled
the ship. The mighty white tongue of the electric arc
reached out ahead of me!

  And the Omnimobile plunged on!

  Two of the silver spheres—the ships of Mutron—ap-
peared before me, with the green vortexes of the atomic
disintegration springing up about them. The great arc
brought them down in incandescent wreckage almost as
soon as they came in view!

  The violet mist grew brighter, more distinct. I knew
the shells were bursting near it, and that the arc would
reach it soon. The faithful old machine lumbered rapidly
on over the wild and twisted rocky desert—a waste as ter-
rible as the mountains of the moon!

  In fact, that crater-pitted floor bore a curious resemb-
lance to the typical lunar landscape, and the forces that
produced them must have been similar.

  Then the mist cleared, and I saw the form of the thing
that gave the violet light! It was scores of feet thick,
and hundreds tall! It was a vast smooth cylinder of
violet fire! It shone like metal, which was white hot and
seen through violet glass! The color of it ran and flick-
ered on the surface! Violet sheets and bands crawled
and flashed upon it, and violet flame flowed away from it
in many little tongues. The thing was perfectly smooth
and cylindrical, five hundred feet in height—a Titanic
“monolith” of metal!

  Still the Omnimobile lumbered irresistibly onward.
The little gun crashed regularly, and the shells threw up
the earth about that weird cylinder half a mile ahead.
And the great white flame of the arc was playing far out
toward it like the sword of the angel of death!

  I saw a cluster of curious gleaming machines about the
base of the great cylinder. One of my shells must have
struck them, for they suddenly seemed to collapse and
dissolve in a cloud of white smoke.

  Abruptly a huge, terrible bar of green fire rose from
the top of the cylinder almost like an extension of it—
74

AMAZING STORIES

it was like a beam of green light from a vast searchlight.
But it bent and twisted, as if it were alive! It moved like
a snake, writhed toward me!

  And then came the catastrophe!

  A great pit in the rocky desert suddenly appeared be-
fore me—a hundred-foot chasm! I made a wild attempt
to swing the machine around it. But, busy with the arc,
the generators, and the gun, I had seen it too late. The
brink loomed before me! Desperately I set the brakes.
The machine paused jerkily, hesitated, then leaped over
the rim! For a breathless second it fell down the sheer
crater wall! I had no time to use the rockets! It
crashed heavily upon the rocks!

  I was torn from my seat and flung cruelly against the
side of the conning tower! My helmet was knocked off!
And on the instant, a red storm of fear broke about me!
It beat down on my brain like a rain of horror! It
throbbed with an archaic rhythm, stirring strange emo-
tions that overruled my reason and volition! Terror
swept about me like a fierce wind from a hot desert of
death, picking up my soul and sweeping it away to a fate
unnamable!

  I struggled with it terribly, with all my will. But it
beat down my feeble barriers like a resistless tide. It
burned away my will like a hot flame in my brain!

  That horror came over me in a vast, overwhelming
wave! It seized my body! My hand moved unwillingly,
and cut off the current of the great arc! And then my
body was struggling to its feet, opening the manhole,
and clambering out of the machine. But still the thing
did not have me! I was still an independent entity, that
sat apart and watched.

  I knew that I had succumbed to the hypnotic control of
the alien power that dwelt in that vast metal cylinder. I
was another of the slaves of the Lord of Flame—of the
Sleepers of Mutron!

CHAPTER XXIX

Xenora’s Sacrifice

I WAS moved out of the machine like an automaton
by the terrible force that controlled me. My body
was no longer my own! It was swept along as if
by a mighty wind. That force of horror roared and
throbbed in my brain. Red flames of fear flickered be-
fore my eyes. I was sick and faint with terror. But
my body did not collapse—it was relentlessly moved by
that terrible force from the violet cylinder. I was utterly
helpless—I felt the hopeless horror of one chained
before a loathsome monster!

  Suddenly I wished fiercely for death, for only death
could bring me freedom from the horror that swept in a
throbbing torrent through my brain. But even death was
beyond my reach, for my hands were not my own!

  For a moment that power left me standing on the side
of the overturned machine. The Omnimobile lay on
the sandy floor of the crater, which may have been a hun-
dred feet in depth and as many yards across. Against
the red sky, above the black cliffs of the pit’s farther
rim, towered the violet metal cylinder—the flaming metal
brain whose hypnotic control ruled my body.

  For a moment I was left standing there, and then my
body was springing down and running across the rock-
strewn sand toward the cliffs. It ran like a machine—
beyond my control! In vain I tried even to stumble and

fall! In a few moments it reached the rim. It clam-
bered wildly up. I know that in my normal self I could
never have surmounted that sheer wall. But the tele-
pathic force from the flaming brain seemed to give my
limbs superhuman strength! Soon I was at the top,
with bleeding hands and tattered clothing!

  And my body ran on toward the violet monostyle!

  It was two hundred yards away—a Titanic smooth up-
right cylinder of metal, the polished surface crawling
and flowing with violet flame, with the great incredible
serpent-like beam of green rising from the top.

  It was astounding—in the strangeness of its aspect,
and in its inexplicable suggestion of alien intelligence!
But how could there be intelligence in metal ?

  And then I saw the men about it!

  Two of the vast silver spheres were stopped on the
ground below the cylinder, oddly dwarfed by its vast
height. And about them were men! They were the green
slaves—the Sleepers of Mutron! Their bodies were
naked but for tattered scraps of cloth. Fastened upon
their backs by the cruel metal clamps, they bore the
strange prisms!

  But those bars of metal were not blue like the one we
had taken from the dead man! They shone with the
same mysterious violet radiance as the Titanic inono-
style. They were parts of it—akin to it!

  The men moved like sleepers, or like machines, as I
felt that I was moving—as if their wills were dead!
They toiled in tireless haste, without confusion. Many
were carrying burdens. And it seemed that some were
polishing the surface of the cylinder, or applying some
luminous substance to it. Near the ground they were
quite plainly visible, clinging to its surface like flies, and
toiling furiously. Higher up on the colossal cylinder they
were but dancing black specks within the violet flame!

  The ground about was pitted with shell holes from my
bombardment, and at one side I saw the twisted wreck
of the great machine I had struck. It is possible that
I had hit the great cylinder itself, but it might have re-
ceived the fire of the biggest gun in Christendom with
little injury.

  In two minutes more I had been drawn to within fifty
yards of that vast shining column of metal. Then the
force of fear that had seized my body permitted it to
stop, and I stood still. That awful twisting beam of
green flame reached out of the top of the thing, and bent
down over me! It touched me!

  I felt tiny whip-like fingers of it feeling—exploring
my body! The green radiance grew denser about me.
It enshrouded me in a fog of green light—so painfully
intense, blinding and terrible, that I tried to shut my eyes
against it. But that horror held them open!

  And that green fire came into my body, and into my
brain. It was eager, insistent, questioning—and so hor-
rible that my being rocked with pain. It questioned; it
commanded! It sought to know of me, and of my com-
panions, of the Omnimobile, and of the world we had
left above. I struggled against it, fiercely, terribly, until
I felt my limbs chilling with the sweat of the conflict.
But it won!

  It took my mind as it had taken my body! It beat
about my brain like a vast storm; it penetrated my being
in a flood of green fire! My brain reeled, was swept by
an avalanche of awful power! I sank at last into mer-
ciful oblivion that was the counterpart of the death I
had so desired!
THE GREEN GIRL

75

  At last, when I was vaguely conscious again, I had a
curious feeling of mental exhaustion. I felt as if I had
undergone a fearful ordeal. I felt as if I had toiled as
I slept, as if I had answered many questions put to me
by that power. It seemed as if the green light had
swept the contents from my brain, had searched all
my knowledge.

   As I awoke, bodily sensation returned, and I felt some-
one lifting me gently from the bare earth upon which
I lay: My limbs were cold and stiff; but the awful force
that had controlled them was, for the moment, relaxed.

  I opened my eyes, and cried out, first in incredulous
joy, and then in utter despair. Xenora—the Green
Girl—was lifting my head. There was anxiety and care
in her violet eyes, and unutterable fatigue was shown in
her body. She had followed me into the pit, to give her
life with mine!

  “Oh, Xenora, my dream girl, why did you come?
There was no need for you to give your life!” I pro-
tested in bitter despair as she raised me in her arms and
held me against her breath.

  “I felt you battle with the Lord of Flame. I felt
it conquer you. So I left the camp, to come.”

  “And how, in all wonders, did you get into this pit,
and so soon?”

  “My chieftain, it is not so soon! For three sleeps I
have come through the forests and rocks, without stop-
ping, while you lay still in the power of the Flame!”
“But why—why—come to throw away your life—”
“See, I bring you the wonderful thing of Barsoni Sam,
that shuts out the horror. I give it to you, and you can
go on with your battle against the Flame!—No, you can
never conquer the Flame! But fly! Go back to your
land!”

  Even then I felt the horror awakening again, felt that
fearful force directed again upon me. With a single
quick motion, before I could prevent her, Xenora had
whipped the electro-screen helmet from her head and
drawn it about my own.

  “Fly,” she whispered fiercely. “The Sleepers of Mu-
tron ! And think not of me! Fly! Even from me !”
The horror relaxed, and I collapsed in a daze of relief.
In a moment I had recovered and got to my feet.
Xenora was a score of yards away, dashing off. I ran
after her, calling for her to take back the precious
helmet.	'

  Suddenly she stopped. A convulsion ran through her
frame. She turned, with her face a mask of livid hor-
ror. She was in the power of the Flame! She was a
Sleeper! She bent, seized a rock, and hurled it at my
head with superhuman strength. I dodged and it hurtled
past my ear. She sprang at me like an animal, drawing
the hunting knife I had left her.

  I turned and ran wildly, as a score of the Sleepers
came running. I passed close by that violet metal mon-
ostyle, and it seemed that its crawling violet fires reached
out for me. I ran desperately toward the east! I heard
the strange cries of the Sleepers of Mutron behind me!

I felt the awful green flame writhing above me, but even
it could not penetrate the helmet!

  I was insane with terror!

  I ran on and on, through eternities of heart-breaking
effort. At last I stopped exhausted, with pounding
temples and bursting lungs, to look behind me. The
flaming brain was but a dull violet glow against the red
sky. A desolate waste of bare rugged rocks and great

round craters lay about me beneath the crimson mist.
All was silent! The sounds of pursuit were gone!

CHAPTER XXX

“The Nitrate Plantation”

SHOULD I go on, or return and try to save Xenora,
as she had rescued me? That question throbbed
in my brain. The answer would have been easy
enough if I had had her alone to consider. I might
cheerfully have surrendered myself to that dreaded
power to save her—any man would have done as much!
But what of the menace to the earth? Should I give
up the struggle?

  For a long time I stood there on the rim of a strange
crater, lost in indecision. At last my sense of duty to
mankind was victor. I set off wearily toward the east
again. The Omnimobile was so near the flaming brain
that I dared not attempt to reach it, even if I had been
confident of finding it. And upon consideration, I was
sure that if the machine was left as it was, it would be
only as a trap for me.

  A sorry hope, indeed, was I for victory in the struggle
with that vast alien power for the safety of earth!
A man alone, ragged, without even a pocket-knife, lost
in the wilderness of a strange world, and possessing only
a modicum of scientific knowledge!

  What folly, indeed, for one in such circumstances to
pit himself against such a science! But that seemed the
only hope for victory. With Sam in my place, the out-
look would have been brighter. If I had a fair scientific
education, Sam knew enough to raise cities and armies
in the wilderness!

  For many hours I struggled toward the east—away
from the violet glow—over the desert of rocks and
craters, through the ruby mist. And I came unexpect-
edly upon an explanation for the origin of the crimson
haze. Thin clouds of red luminous gas were hissing
from some of the craters or funaroles—escaping from
the radium deposits in the core of the earth, to float
up and augment the radioactive cloud that held up the
waters!

  I was half dead with weariness when I reached the
mile-high cliffs at the crater’s rim, and half insane with
grief for Xenora, and with angry doubt of my wisdom
in deserting her. I have little memory of how I got up
that wall of rocks. I remember climbing until I was
worn out, of toiling upward with bleeding hands and
feet, of fighting on when I was dizzy for want of food
and water, of struggling up when my body screamed in
pain for me to surrender and drop to merciful oblivion
in the abyss! I remember sleeping many times on ledges
or in crevices when I could go no farther.

  But at last I reached the rim!

  I climbed out upon the flat plateau to the east of the
abyss, a strange wilderness of green plains and purple
trees, but infinitely welcome after the tortures through
which I had been. I stumbled across the meadows until
I found a little stream. Eagerly I wet my parched
mouth, and presently I slaked my thirst, and ate a few
of the date-like fruits of the flowering trees. And then
I slept.

  For a period of many months thereafter, I led a
strange wild life—the life of a beast or a savage. It
now seems to me that I must have been more than half
76

AMAZING STORIES

insane, yet I had cunning of a sort. Wandering about
in the woodland in the first few days, before my strength
was fully recovered, I came upon a great lump of native
copper. With hammer and anvil of stone I set out to
shape some tools of it. First I made a knife, and then
a broad blade for a wooden spear. With those weapons I
soon had stalked and killed one of the great fat sloths.
After several weary efforts, I achieved a fire by friction,
and feasted upon roasted meat.

  Many were the mad and impossible schemes that my
fevered brain formed for making an attack on the flam-
ing brain of metal, only to reject each upon considera-
tion. As I had hurtled through the air above the pit, in my
ill-starred attack in the Omnimobile, I had been much
impressed by the narrowness of the bridge of cliffs be-
tween the great lake and the abyss. Now it occurred to
me that I might dig a canal, and let the waters of the
lake in to flood the Lord of Flame.

  With that in mind, I made an expedition to the isth-
mus, armed with copper pick and spade. I found that
my eyes had curiously deceived me, from the air. The
land bridge was a wall of rock, nowhere less than a hun-
dred feet high and four hundred thick, covered with
a rank growth of jungle. Along it, even as Xenora had
said, was a ruined road. Here and there a crumbling
stone monument rose from the jungle like a bleached
skull of the dead civilization.

  There was no hope of digging a canal. A hundred
men, in ten years, might have been able to cut a tunnel
through that wall of stone, with modern tools and ex-
plosives! Nitroglycerine! That started me on a new
line of thought. I had once made chemistry a hobby. It
was not impossible. For Sam, it would have been child’s
play. But, alas! there was no help from my old friend!

  I set to work at once. For many months I labored.
The task was a tremendous one. The first necessity was
an adequate supply of nitrates. I was not fortunate
enough to discover a natural deposit, as heroes of
fiction usually are; so I set out to make a “nitrate
plantation” such as is used for the manufacture of ni-
trates in a primitive way. I dug a great shallow pit,
lined it with waterproof clay, and filled it with alternate
layers of wood ashes obtained by burning the purple
trees, and everything I could pick up in the way of
nitrogenous animal and vegetable refuse. At last it was
filled and wet down with water from my clay-bed. I
had nothing to do but wait until the nitrogen products
of decomposition had united themselves with the potas-
sium bases in the wood ashes.

  Then I fell to the mining of iron pyrites, and to the
building of a furnace in which I could burn my pottery
apparatus. After many disheartening failures I was
able to set up apparatus that I thought would suffice for
the manufacture of my acids. I burned rude jars, glazed
with sand, in which to carry and store my reagents and
explosives.

  My memory of all that time is a dim dream of terror.
Many times for long hours I stood on the brink, gazing
into the flickering mist, thinking of Xenora and half
determined to give it all up and to seek her. But always
I went back to my mad task, toiling in a daze of grief
and despair.

  Before I did anything more in the way of manufac-
ture, I paid another visit to the isthmus, and selected
the site for the mine which was to tear an opening in it.
I found a deep crevice in the rocks, and spent many

weeks in clearing and enlarging it, until I had ready a
chamber deep in the heart of the barrier, below the level
of the lake.

  During all that time I lived upon the little fruits and
upon the flesh of the sloths I killed. I carefully saved
the fat from the latter, saponified it with alkalies leached
from wood ashes, and removed the soap by “salting
down” with evaporated brine from a salt spring. I col-
lected and stored the glycerine until I had many gallons.

  At last, judging that my “nitrate plantation” had had
time to serve its purpose, I dug it up, leached the prod-
uct, and crystallized the saltpeter by evaporation in
earthen pots. The yield was satisfactory in quantity
and fair in quality, but it had cost fearful effort.

  Then I set about the manufacture of sulphuric acid
by roasting the iron pyrites with nitrate in my crude
apparatus, collecting the acid in wet pottery condensers.
That took many days, and the next step was making
nitric acid by boiling saltpeter in sulphuric acid and
condensing the fumes.

  At last, when I had the three necessary chemicals—
glycerine, and nitric and sulphuric acids—I set out to
transport them separately to my mine, to avoid the
hazard of the transportation of the finished product.
That, again, was a heartbreaking task, for I had mate-
rials enough to make several hundred quarts of nitro-
glycerine, and the distance was half a dozen miles.

  But ragged, ill-kept savage that I was, I had collected
on the cliffs above my shaft the materials for the man-
ufacture of a good quantity of high explosive. For one
in my position, it had been a considerable achievement.

CHAPTER XXXI
The Mine on the Brink

  AT LAST, in haste and fear and trembling, I began
the task of mixing my chemicals, dumping them
■*- into vats of water cooled by evaporation, under
a rude shed to cut off the fierce heat of the red sky.
Even with all my precautions to prevent a premature
explosion, the hazard was fearful. I washed the nitro-
glycerine, and carried it in earthen jars down into the
heart of the cliffs. I meant to die in the final explosion,
but I was afraid the stuff would go off before it was
in place.

  But finally I got the last of the rough jars into posi-
tion. Then I closed the mouth of the chamber with
rocks and rubbish, to be sure that the full force of the
explosion would be exerted upon the cliff. I lit the
fuse I had prepared—a tall candle of the sloth’s fat,
which, burning low, would ignite a powder train; and
that would set off a charge of gunpowder I had placed
by the jars of nitroglycerine.

  I knew that, if my terrible months of toil had not been
in vain, a few hours more would see a raging torrent
of water rushing into the pit. At last I judged my task
completed. I walked a few yards north to the rim. I
stood on the brink of that sheer precipice, and gazed
down into the rosy mist, alight, as always, with the
wavering, reflected fires of the metal brain. I made no
attempt to get beyond the range of the explosion. Plope
was dead. Life meant no more to me. I was ready to
be swept into the abyss on the crest of the wave that,
if my plans went well, would drown the flaming brain.

  For a long time I stood there waiting, lost in dreams
THE GREEN GIRL

77

In a strange semblance to military order they flew,
like fleets of battle-planes . . . Many of them, I
saw, carried weapons . . . And then a flight of
them swept downward again, and I saw Sam,
mounted on one . . .

of Xenora. I had no doubt that she was dead. My
regret was bitter; I stormed vainly and passionately
at fate. If my reason had been tottering, now it was
almost gone. I wept, and cursed, and then laughed
loud and bitterly. A strange figure I must have
been, wild and unkempt, red and burned from ex-
posure, half naked, with insanity in my eyes, laugh-
ing and waiting to be blown to my doom!

  And then I heard a sound that brought me into
silent and cunning alertness! I sprang to the mouth
of my shaft and crouched like a savage w'ith my
great copper-bladed spear at hand. I heard a stone
78

AMAZING STORIES

rattling and crashing down into the abyss! Someone—
or something—was climbing up out of the pit! I crept
forward where I could see, and lay tense and silent, a
desperate madman, determined to protect my mine
against whatever might find it.

  At last a human figure clambered up over the brink,
and drew itself erect in the edge of the jungle! It was
a Sleeper of Mutron! The emaciated form was bent
beneath the weight of the bar of gleaming violet metal
clamped upon its back. It was clad in tattered, bloody
rags. The flesh was bleeding from the fearful climb.

  With the dull, mechanical motions of a sleeping per-
son, or of a walking corpse, galvanized by some weird
power, that terrible figure got deliberately to its feet.
The bloody hands raised a long, glittering weapon of
silver metal. And it plodded dully, lifelessly, toward
me. And then a hoarse, wild cry echoed through the
silent jungle—my own scream!

  The Sleeper was Xenora!

  With her old intuition of my thoughts, she had been
able to penetrate my helmet! Through her, the Lord
of Flame had read my thoughts of victory! She had
been sent to prevent the mine’s explosion, to snuff out
that candle flame!

  If she heard my scream, she paid no heed. She walked
on toward me, with the same weary, mechanical gait.
There was no light, no life in her eyes. They stared
straight ahead, dully, unseeing! And the strange silver
tube was held ready in her hand. She was more like a
moving corpse—a dead avenger—than a living person!

  A mad storm of desires arose in my brain. How I
longed to spring up, to take that dear body in my arms,
to minister to its hurts, to have the Green Girl for my
own again! It took all my will to hold me in my hiding
place. But this was not Xenora! It was a Sleeper of
Mutron, a slave of the Lord of Flame!

  It was a fearful choice before me! But my resolution
held! I would carry on if it tore out my heart. With
a burning pain in my breast, I ran my fingers over the
jagged copper blade, and tensed my muscles for a
spring!

  Perhaps, after all, we would be better dead.

  My madness was gone, but cold, grim determination
remained. I knew that I would not hesitate. The silent,
sleeping figure of the Green Girl was but a dozen yards
from me, and I raised my ragged blade!

  Then—a shadow upon the crimson sky! A whisper
that grew to a mighty roar! The beat of many wings!
A strange and ringing cry from the air above! A
shouted, imperative, strange-toned command! Sam’s
well-remembered voice! A rushing sweep of vast green
wings before my eyes! A tempest of wind as they beat
the air! Xenora snatched up and out of my sight by
great red tentacles!

  I was petrified in incredulous amazement. It seemed
impossible that Sam should be alive. Yet, there had been
no definite proof of his death. And, I thought, it must
have been Alexander that carried him, and that had
swept up Xenora.

  In a moment I had aroused myself, and dashed out
of my hiding place beneath the purple trees. It was an
amazing sight that met my eyes. There were number-
less thousands of the flying plants on the wing above!
The red sky was flecked with their green wings! In a
strange semblance to military order they flew, like fleets
of battle-planes. In scores and hundreds they dived and

circled, in perfect formation. Many of them, I saw, car-
ried weapons—vast clubs, or huge metal-tipped spears,
or heavy stones and masses of metal.

  And then a flight of them swept downward again, and
I saw Sam, mounted on one that must have been Alex-
ander—though the things all looked alike to me. He was
evidently controlling the whole squadron with his shouts
and gestures. The old scientist still seemed strong and
able.

  Then I saw Xenora. She was still in the clutch of the
winged steed of Sam’s. Even as I looked, the red tenta-
cles tore off the flaming violet prism and hurled it into
the abyss.

  The weird, amazing creature dived. An incredible
thing it was, with its armored brown body as large as a
shark’s, with the vast flower of the flowing colors about
its head, with red tentacles like those of a gigantic scarlet
octopus, and with wings like those of a green airplane!

  It bore down upon me! A great crimson tentacle
reached down and picked me up! I was swept through
the air, held lightly in that strange grasp, and lifted until
I was face to face with Sam, who sat astride the creature!
He reached out his strong brown hand and grasped my
own.

  “Mel, old man, it’s some luck to find you! And what
do you think of my army? A couple of the flying
dragons captured Alec and me, so I’ve been making the
best of a bad situation. The things are really quite in-
telligent, and I’ve been drilling them for months. They’re
hereditary enemies of the alien civilization, anyhow.
There’s going to be some fight when we meet the silver
ships!” Exultant, joyous triumph rang in his tones.
He had not noticed my strange condition.

  At last I was sufficiently recovered to speak. "I’ve
got a ton of nitroglycerine in that rock,” I stammered.
“The lake will be running in the pit in an hour or so.”
My voice had a curious rusty sound.

  “Nitroglycerine! You’ve been making it, and planting
a mine ! No wonder you look like a ghost! And how
comes Xenora to have that damned metal bar on her?”

  Abruptly I broke down into uncontrollable tears of
relief and joy. I did not try to answer. In a few min-
utes the vast army of winged monsters had wheeled
about, and was headed north again, over the crimson
mists—line after regular line of beating green wings
that bore the strangest army of history to the strangest
battle ever fought!

  But, at the moment, I was paying little attention, for
I was mounted on another of those vast flying creatures;
and in my arms was Xenora! She was limp, uncon-
scious, sleeping the sleep of utter exhaustion. But she
was free again from the Lord of Flame! With tears of
joy streaming down my face, I tried to dress her bleed-
ing hands and feet.

CHAPTER XXXII
When the Red Roof Fell

  A BRUPTLY a green light ran through the rosy
haze beneath us, and that dreadful twisting bar
■*- of radiance—that living, alien tongue of fire—
the serpent-like head of the Lord of Flame, was thrust
up out of the flickering violet! With its strange, writh-
ing motion, it swept in a wide arc, as though it saw us!
It searched the sky, and then drew back in alarm! The
THE GREEN GIRL

79

terrible, rhythmic throb of the emerald gleam in it grew
faster!

  And quickly the crimson sky ahead of our flying army
of green-winged monsters was filled with fleets of the
silver spheres! They rose swiftly, by the hundred, in
l°ng, gleaming lines—floating, drifting, darting, as
though carried in swift, cyclonic winds. And then in
smoothly sailing squadrons they advanced to meet us,
with the swirling green mists of the disintegration force
reaching out before them!

  The aerial battle-lines met! The winged monsters
joined in mad conflict with the silver ships! It was a
fierce struggle—a terrible scene! The plant-things swept
to the attack, scores in number for each great ship.
With desperate, incredible energy they wielded their
gigantic clubs and spears; or, wheeling high above the
silver vessels, dropped their missiles down upon them.

  And the swift searching fingers of purple flame
reached out of the silver ships, to guide the thick, swirl-
ing vortexes of atomic disintegration. Under that ter-
rible force of flowing green, the plant creatures turned
red, battled on for a moment as they glowed with an
awful scarlet radiance, and fell in a rain of crimson
sparks that fast faded into nothingness!

  And ever the throbbing emerald column rising above
the sea of ruby mist below us—the writhing serpentine
bar of green that was the Lord of Flame—moved and
twisted, directing its armies!

  The plants battled with desperate ferocity, with in-
credible strength! In ones and twos and threes, the sil-
ver vessels fell, in twisted, battered wreckage—fell
among the showers of sparks from the vanished crea-
tures that had crushed them!

  It was a battle of animal strength and courage, of
desperate, savage energy—against deliberate, inhuman
science! It was the battle of the mad, elemental beast—
against silent, pitiless power!

  And the plants won!

  As the monsters that carried Sam and Xenora and
myself swept along high above the line of battle, we
saw the silver ships give way, saw them drop into the
red mist, with the avenging, victorious plants following
close upon them!

  And then my mine went off!

  A vast white cloud of smoke and shattered rock rose
deliberately above the cliffs, spread into a Titanic mush-
room shape, and fell in a great rain of debris into the
abyss and into the lake. After many seconds the sound
of it reached us—a crashing, deafening blast! The
great wave of air swept up the green-winged fleet like
leaves on a stormy lake!

  Below the cloud of smoke, where the black cliffs had
been, I saw a vast white sheet of waters—a rushing Ni-
agara multiplied manifold—plunging over the brink in
a sheer and gleaming arc!

  Even as I gazed at it, in dazed wonder at the thing
I had wrought, Sam was suddenly close beside me,
shouting something with alarm and urgent command in
his voice.

  “Mel—the roof! Where is the Omnimobile? For
God’s sake——”

  “In a crater in the abyss, by the metal cylinder,” I
cried, wondering.

  Then I looked up, and saw that the flat roof was
cupping up, like a vast inverted basin! The waters
above were rising!

  With no further word to me, Sam shouted a strange
order to the monsters we rode. Their vast green wings
were folded! We dropped like plummets into the crim-
son mist! The violet gleam appeared, and we made out
the crater-pitted floor. I shouted directions, and in a
few minutes we settled into the same little crater in
which I had met disaster.

  The Omnimobile was still lying there, just as I had
left it!

  The creatures that bore us dropped near the ground.
Those great red tentacles set us gently down on the
rocks by the machine. Sam led the way and I carried
Xenora. Desperately we scrambled aboard and screwed
down the manhole. Sam’s mount, Alexander, slumped
into a curious attitude of dejection.

  Suddenly one of the silver vessels shot into view above
thecrater’s rim, drifting swiftly towards us! The machine
was watched! It had been left as a trap! The thing
flashing beams of purple flame reached out eagerly—
found the Omnimobile. The whirling spirals of thick
green mist extended toward us!

  Sam fumbled with the dials and made a hopeless ges-
ture. Then I saw Alexander spring into the air and fly
toward the terrible gleaming thing! With mad, des-
perate speed, the plant creature dashed straight into that
fearful swirling mist! It charged on through it! Al-
ready glowing red with the disintegration beam, it struck
the white machine with terrific force!

  The argent globe paused, hung uncertainly, and then
fell with swift acceleration until it crashed upon the
walls of the pit, with the gleaming, wasting form of the
heroic plant still clinging to it in the agony of a fearful
doom!

  For a long moment Sam was still. Suddenly he
aroused himself as if from a daze of pain, and turned
again to the instrument boards.

  “The earth is not frozen!” he shouted. “The power
in the ether is dead!” I thought of the havoc my cannon
fire had wrought with the machines about the flaming
brain.

  In a moment he had the generators going, and the
machine crawling to an upright position. Then he
turned on the rocket tubes. The crater was filled with
the roaring jets of steam, and we were hurled into
the crimson sky!

  I had a fleeting glimpse of the metal brain—the vast
cylinder of violet—with the green beam still throbbing
from it, and with the last of the silver ships battling
the victorious army of plants that swarmed about it!

  “The roof is lifting!” Sam cried. “The equilibrium
was very delicate—the gas that kept issuing from the
earth was lifting the waters to the danger point, and
your explosion carried them past! The attempt to freeze
the earth was probably undertaken because a roof of
ice would have been more secure!”

  His voice was drowned in a fresh rushing, whistling
burst from the rocket tubes. I carried the inert form
of Xenora down to the cabin, and did my best to care
for her. In a few moments we were above the haze.

I took a last glimpse of the green and purple forests
dropping away below us, and turned again to the un-
conscious girl.

  Soon the fierce red glare that poured in the ports
told me that we had reached the red roof. And sud-
denly the Omnimobile was pitching and spinning madly,
with wild waters thundering against her sides. A sound
80

AMAZING STORIES

reached my ears—a roar, dull, distant and slumberous
at first, but rising to a crashing, deafening storm of
sound! It seemed an eternity that I held the sleeping
girl upon the tossing couch, while the very heavens
rocked with thunder!

  Abruptly, the bloody glare grew lighter, and was
streaked with shafts of bright sunshine—white, precious
sunlight of the upper earth! We had followed the vast
bubble of gas through the roof of waters! The red
mists cleared—drew up into the blue vault above—re-
pelled into outer space!

  We were flying in the cold white light, above a mad
blue sea!

  In fifteen minutes Sam had brought the machine
down upon an ocean that was still heaving madly from
the cataclysm that had drowned a world. He came into
the cabin, and under his skilful ministrations Xenora
was soon sleeping quietly, in a normal slumber from
which she would wake herself again.

  Presently Sam questioned me about my adventures.

I	gave him the whole account and concluded with the
question that, for months, my troubled mind had striven
so vainly to answer.

  “Sam, how could intelligence exist in metal ?”

  “Why not in metal, Mel?” the old scientist replied,
smiling thoughtfully. “Why not there as well as in
lumps of impure carbon and water, as one of the early
savants called us? But do you remember the radio-
activity of the metal bar, and the little cells of helium
gas in it? I think the radium had somehow set up
neuronic circuits between the cells, like the circuits be-
tween the neurone cells in our brains. It is not impos-
sible. That was a helium brain—but it was formed
as naturally as yours or mine!”

  On May 4, 2000 a. d., just a year after the beginning
of my story, our leisurely homeward cruise was ended.
The green coast of Florida rose out of the clear blue
sea before us. Xenora and I stood on the deck, happy
in the cool salty air and the bright sunlight. The girl
was lost in vast delight at the new wonders of azure
sea and sapphire sky. At last the dream of my life was
come true!

  The wonderful girl of my fancy was by my side, to
be mine forever!

  But she was the Green Girl no longer! A week of
the sun and wind of the sea had erased the soft green
tint of her clear skin, and replaced it with a light,
smooth tan!

The End

What Do You Know?

TJEADERS of Amazing Stories have frequently commented upon the fact that there is more actual knowledge
to be gained through reading its pages than from many a text book. Moreover, most of the stories are written
in a popular vein, making it possible for anyone to grasp important facts.

    The questions which we give below are all answered on the pages as listed at the end of the questions. Please
 6ee if you can answer the questions without looking for the answer, and see how well you check up on your general
 knowledge of science.

9.	What do you know about the touraco? (See pages
    31 and 39.)

10.	In what part of the heavens is the constellation
    Andromeda to be found? What celebrated nebula
    is designated by its name and classification? (See
    page 45.)

11.	How does this nebula compare with others of its
    type? (See page 45.)

 12.	What relation between heartbeat and music is claimed
    to exist? (See page 58.)

 13.	What rhythm in the orchestra is most noticed by the
    hearers? (See page 58.)

14.	Can you name a popular theory about the action of
    the nervous system in the human organization ? ( See
    page 66.)

15.	How would you go about making nitro-glycerine
    in a wilderness? (See page 76.)

 1.	How long would it take to go to the star Sirius,

 traveling with the speed of light? (See page 8.)

 2.	What factor of light would interfere with television
   and simultaneous radio reception from planet to
   planet? (See page 8.)

 3.	What are characteristics of interstellar space?
   (See page 9.)

 4.	What would be the apparent weight of a 210-lb. man
   under the effects of acceleration of 160,000 feet per
   second? (See page 13.)

 5.	Can you describe in detail the relations of a planet to
    the sun and planetary system? (Bee page 18.)

 6.	What is the correct term for an ant’s nest? (See
   page 25.)

 7.	What is the life of the worker ant? Has the ant a
   distinctive brain? (See page 25.)

 8.	What is the nature and function of a nerve; and what
   is a “nerve message”? (See page 27.)

Sequel to THE SKYLARK OF SPACE

Begins in August and continues for three consecutive issues.

SKYLARK THREE, By Edward E. Smith, Ph.D.

Order your copies now from your newsdealer, or send your subscription direct to
Amazing Stories, 381 Fourth Avenue, New York City.
The Conquest of the Earth

81

          By Isaac R. Nathanson

                 (Continued from page 54)

  Of course, there was great danger in handling the
whole thing. Such vast forces could not be released with-
out the possibility of its getting out of control altogether,
and destroying the whole earth. But the condition of
mankind was insufferable and, as far as one could fore-
see, the end was not yet. Far better a thousand deaths
than to be dominated and driven about like wild beasts.
It was solemnly decided, that come what will, here was
a weapon that offered the only possible salvation—a
most terrible, infinitely powerful weapon. The soul of
Man rose to its supreme height.

  The execution of the project called for a vast amount
of labor and the highest technical skill in its preparation.
But willing hands there were and keen brains; and
desperation had increased everyone’s energy. To bring
about tire desired result the atomic conflagration had to
be started right in the midst of the enemy, preferably in
many places at once. The technique of induction was a
long and skilful process and required a specially trained
technical knowledge, which few possessed. In fact, it
was extremely difficult to induce this excitation, in view
of the newness of the process, which, like all new dis-
coveries, lacked refinements and improvements, such as
only the years can develop. But once started the heat
generated by the liberated forces within the atoms
roared with an explosive fierceness, unapproachable and
inextinguishable.

  A selected number of highly skilled technicians, drawn
from men of every nation and clime, were trained under
Dr. Hopkins, who carefully and patiently imparted to
them the difficult technique of the new discovery. Every-
where, in every place of refuge, in far-off lands of the
world, men and women labored—grimly, tirelessly and
determinedly. It took over a year to complete the full
preparations.

  A day came when all was in readiness. As night
descended with its enshrouding mantle over the different
parts of the earth, those entrusted with the final execu-
tion of the great strategy fared forth. Several scores
of the new racing planes, each starting from a specifi-
cally selected point, sped straight for the enemy. In the
darkness, at a tremendous height, they raced on at over
six hundred miles an hour toward their definite ob-
jectives. It was a very dangerous undertaking. The
population of the Andromedans had by now become very
dense. In many selected spots, free of the enemy, but
in the heart of their territory, landing parties were to
start the process which would release the intra-atomic
forces. This usually took several hours; and probably
only a few of the landing parties would succeed—but
that was enough.

  With palpitating hearts, with nerves strained to the
breaking point, the result was awaited. Of the hundreds
of planes, only twenty-three returned. They reported
complete success.

TTI STORY records that the last effort of mankind

  A succeeded—1977 will forever go down as the year
of The Great Deliverance.

  In many places, in widely scattered parts right in the
midst of the enemy, the irresistible atomic fires had
been started. By the time the Andromedans had fully
wakened to the full seriousness of their danger, the
conflagration had spread to an extent there was no stop-
ping. With all their knowledge, with all their science
and skill, with all the tremendous power at their disposal,
they were unable to quench the fiery spread.

  Although the Andromedan civilization was much older
and more developed in many ways, they had never suc-
ceeded in solving completely the problem of controlling
intra-atomic energy. The energy which they utilized—
the nature of which we never discovered, though most
likely it was a partial tapping of atomic force—was
powerful and terrible enough, and we had been unable
to cope with it. But they knew not how to cope with
or control this new fierce energy which we released. And
it was this supreme stroke of human genius which finally
overwhelmed them.

  In vain they tried every method. In vain, with every
means at their command, they strove to halt its deadly
march. The blinding glare lit the skies; night could
scarcely be told from day; roaring, deadly gases en-
veloped larger and larger areas. Until finally, the con-
tinuing spread of the all-devouring conflagration had
grown to such proportions over such large areas that the
Andromedans realized it was only a matter of time when
they would all be consumed in its roaring flame.

  They made a tremendous effort to escape from this
earth. “Let Mankind perish in the fires which it started.
A world suicide! When the atomic fires encircled the
entire earth, a new star, bereft of all life, would an-
nounce itself in the firmament”—so they thought, as re-
vealed by records they left behind. Their whole energies
were devoted toward building vast numbers of their
space-traveling globes, to take them back to their re-
mote homeland. The clang and din of their hurried and
desperate efforts to escape was a sight for the gods; the
ever-spreading flames a constant urge.

  And now the last of the Andromedans departed from
the earth, with the deprecations and curses of all hu-
manity. Many perished in the flames. The few remain-
ing were put to death, as in their terribly disorganized
state they could offer no adequate resistance.

  Then began a race with the all-spreading atomic blaze.
And here was where our complete preparations saved
the earth for us. Mountainous quantities of the only sub-
stance capable of stopping the world conflagration had
been manufactured and held in readiness. An entire will-
ing humanity, young and old, buckled down to the hercu-
lean task of building barriers of this insulating stuff—
which the Andromedans knew nothing of. Each area in
the grip of the fiery disintegration was completely sur-
rounded by these barriers, and when the flames reached
these, they could spread no further. Everyone knew that
in a few years the burning areas would gradually burn
themselves out.

The hosannas, the thanksgiving that rose to high
(Continued on page 82)
82

The Feathered Detective

By A. Hyatt Verrill

(Continued from page 41)

imprints on both the door and the window-ledge? I
could think of no good reason for the man’s wet hands
other that that it had been raining, and in climbing in by
the window he had wet his hands. But quite obviously,
had his hands been wet when he first entered the room,
they would not have remained wet during the time that
he crept on his dozing victim, strangled him, searched
through his pockets and perhaps ripped open the bags
before killing the bird.

  “Moreover, the presence of the fingerprints on the door
convinced me that he had decided to leave that way and
had changed his mind and had gone by the window.
Why should he have taken even that risk of going by the
door? Rain, hard rain again, I decided. And your an-
swers to my enquiries proved that it had rained, severely,
during that night. I could not picture the murderer,
soaked and dripping, climbing into the window to commit

The

              (Continued from page 81)
heaven have never been equaled. The frenzied joy at the
great deliverance will go down in memory as long as the
world lasts. The fires which the very soul of man had

The

murder. Besides if it had been raining, the occupant of
the room would, in all likelihood, have closed and bolted
his window before he dozed off. Yet I felt sure the
man who had killed the bird had just come in from the
rain. I put two and two together and the answer was he
must have left the room and returned to it after it began
to rain. For what reason? In all probability to secure
a tool or an instrument with which to cut open the bags.
And you see, gentlemen, I was right in my deductions.
But the credit is not mine. The credit should go to the
bird, the feathered detective in the case, for had it been
a parrot or any other bird on earth, the mystery might
never have been solved.”

   “Well” says I, “I can see now what Big Ben meant
when he said it was a most remarkable bird, in fact the,
most remarkable of birds.”

   “And he was right enough at that.”

End

passed through had burned out the dross of the ages’ old
hatreds and divisions which had afflicted mankind from
time immemorial; the narrow things and the petty were
all wiped out. There would be enough for all.

End

             In this department we shall discuss, every month, topics of interest to readers. The editors invite correspondence on all subjects
             directly or indirectly related to the stories appearing in this magazine. In case ?. special personal answer is required, a nominal

fee of 25c to cover time and postage is .squired.

THE SCIENCE CORRESPONDENCE CLUB

Editor, Amazing Stories:

  Below is given another report of the Science
Correspondence Club.

  In previous reports to the Discussions columns of
Amazino Stories, my letters have been rather
vague in furnishing definite information to readers
who may wish to join the Science Correspondence
Club. Therefore, quoting from our Constitution,
we give the following information which will
interest your readers:

Article II

  The institution will remain an organization to
establish better co-ordination between the scien-
tifically inclined laymen of the world, regardless
of sex, creed, color, or race. There will be no
restrictions as to age, providing the members can
pass an examination which shall be prepared by
the membership committee. Don’t be alarmed by
the word examination, as it really isn’t an exami-
nation, but merely a glance into the prospective
members’ sincerity and capabilities. It embodies
no question or form.

  Let us look at Article IV.

  The dues shall be $3.00 per annum and will go
toward publication and distribution of the Club
paper and a stipulated amount of stationery for
each member.

  These arc just two of the more important articles
from the constitution which will be furnished
free to every reader interested. Hitherto, I have
been lax in expressing my sinccrest appreciation to
Dr. Sloane and Amazing Stories for the wonder-
ful co-operation and reception of our club they
have given. And here is a little bit of interesting

information. Dr. Sloane has become an honorary
member and the Club feels it has acquired a real
scientist. In a previous letter I mentioned Dr.
Breuer, Jack Williamson, and David Speaker as
members in the Authors’ class. What do I find
when I look at the lists now? Harl Vincent, Robt.
A. Wait, Chas. Cloukey, Ed. Earl Repp, Raymond
A. Palmer have all enrolled and are giving their
knowledge. Scientists? Dr. R. S. Rawson, M.D.,
John E. Mellish (Honorary) at Yonkers Observa-
tory and nationally known telescope maker.
Dr. Sloane (Honorary) Mr. Hugo Gernsback, and
that greatest of amateur astronomers, F. B. Cason.

  Truly, Science Fiction, through the aid of
Amazing Stories and its sister publications, is
going to be recognized as the greatest medium to
spread Science instructively and recreationally at
the same time. And it is the aim of the Science
Correspondence Club to spread science by personal
contact of the laymen of the world. To this end
the founders of this club are devoting their lives.
And what greater and better thing can be said of
anyone, “He helped his fellowmen.”

  Remember,

             Mr. Raymond A. Palmer,

            3431 38th St, Milwaukee, Wis.

  Will handle all applications for membership
and furnish information promptly. Help us make
1930 a year to be remembered in the S. C. C.

                       Walter L. Dennis,

4653 Addison St., Chicago, III.

  (We are more than pleased to publish this report.
The Club has made a wonderful start and we
shall hold our columns open for further statements
of general interest to our readers and to prospective
members.—Editor.)

THE S. C. C. AND AMAZING STORIES.

COMMENTS ON THE MAGAZINE
AS IT NOW APPEARS

Editor, Amazing Stories:

  Mr. Dennis, whose letters have appeared in your
publication, has subscribed my name as collabo-
rator to several of the letters, therefore I feel
that it is only proper that I write a letter to your
publication in my own behalf, and that one about
the Science Correspondence Club. Since so lucid
an explanation of the purposes and aims of the
Club has been given by Mr. Dennis, and several
other members, I do not think it necessary that I
follow their example. I only wish to speak to
those who want to join the club.

  The Club has taken great strides to the fulfill-
ment of its wishes. We set a limit of 200 mem-
bers for 1929, that is we looked forward to such
a number, and now we find with gratification that
we have over 200 members and many applications
are pending. Every one of our officers and mem-
bers is literally swamped with a sea of letters.
However, this is a welcome burden.

  We are indeed gratified that you have conde-
scended to become an honorary member of our
society. I am sure that you will find this club
interesting, both as an individual and as editor of
Amazing Stories.

  Now I want to say something about a new
policy of the Amazing Stories. I find it a better
magazine than it was, and in one respect it has
taken a tremendous change for the better. By
this I mean the illustrations. I do not wish to be-
little Paul’s illustrations. I enjoyed them im-
mensely, and I am sure every one of your many
readers agree with me. However, I should say
(Continued on page 85)
ADIO

YOU, too, can be trained for a big-time radio
job... Clip this coupon now and send for
this FREE BOOK... Read it page by page...
see for yourself why thousands of fellows just
like you are now making from $50 to $100 a
week . . . why many others earn as high as
$10,000 to $15,000 a year and even more. This
free book gives you 40 fascinating pages of
pictures and text, all about RCA Institutes,
the only school that is endorsed by the Radio
Corporation of America . . . The school that
actually sendsyou radio instruction direct from
RCA.:.the very source of radio achievement!

Easy to Learn Radio
At Home in Your Spare Time

Let the RCA Institutes Home Laboratory Train-
ing Course give you the real inside facts of
radio . . . quickly and easily. Use your spare
time to train for success with the remarkable

outlay of screen-grid apparatus given to every
student of this course. You learn how to solve
every radio problem such as installing, repair-
ing and servicing fine sets. This is the training
that will help you to make money in radio!

RCA Graduates in Big Demand

For more than 20 years, there has been a well-
paid position in Radio waiting for practically
every graduate of RCA Institutes. This is a
record unequalled by any other school. Only
the vast resources of RCA could give you this
practical training...

Send for this Free RCA Book.

"Radio... the Field
of Unlimited Opportunity ”

Start today on the road to Success in Radio...
Send for this FREE BOOK. Every page is
packed with pictures and text telling you all
you want to know about RCA Institutes, the
oldest and foremost Radio training organization
in the world. Radio can easily be YOUR ROAD
TO SUCCESS . . . That’s why you should

      Clip this Coupon NOW!

MCA INSTITUTES, IN

{SEONSOREP BY)

Formerly
Radio Institute of
America

RCA INSTITUTES. Inc.

Dept. EX-4. 76 Varick Street, New York

Gentlemen: Please send me sour FREE 40-paee book
which illuitratea the brilliant opportunities in Radio
and describes your laboratory-method of instruction
at homel

Name....................

Addreaa.................

April, 1930

AMAZING STORIES

Open this
  £ BOOK

and you open
the door to

CCESS
84

AMAZING STORIES

April, 1930

MOSTLY	FICTION

--------—"at

Page Darwin

"The Iron Star" by John Taine. Pub-
lished by E. P. Dutton & Co., New

  York. $2.50.

THIS new book by Mr. Taine is on
a par with “The Gold Tooth” and the
“Purple Sapphire.” In certain re-
spects it is even better, since it gives us a
wonderful character study of one of
these obnoxious reforming fanatics who
are forever trying to force their views and
beliefs down the throats of the unwilling.

  One of the main figures in the book is
one Swain, son of a revivalist, a narrow-
minded, religious maniac, whose chief aim
in life is the refuting of the Darwinian
theory. Working on the well-known prin-
ciple, “the end justfies the means,” he first
studies medicine, graduates with high hon-
ors, and then goes to the Congo as a mis-
sionary. Through his uncanny talent in
learning the native dialects, he_ becomes
head of a secret cult, whose aim is the
extermination of all apes. Like all re-
ligious fanatics, he not only kills, but de-
lights in torturing the poor helpless brutes,
by burning them alive. But fate over-
takes him. A Scotch explorer, McKay,
a giant of a man, a scoffer and a heavy
drinker, slyly introduces him _ to a mys-
terious .substance, an incredibly heavy
metal, which emanates rays of a peculiar
nature. These rays or emanations first
create a condition resembling complete in-
toxication and leave an insatiable craving
for additional doses. At the same time,
these rays change the chemical composi-
tion of all the glands in the body; they
stimulate the glands responsible for
growth, but reverse the effects of the
glands governing the manifestations of
brain and soul. In other words, the ad-
dicts turn back to a state below that of
the apes.

  Swain’s wife and daughter succumb to
the insidious rays. McKay, who in the
meantime found the chief source of the
mysterious substance in a vast meteoric
deposit, is himself succumbing, but still
has reason enough left to dispatch Swain
to Chicago in order to summon scientists
to destroy this substance. Swain goes to
Chicago, meets several scientists, who be-
come interested in his case without know-
ing the entire truth and an expedition is
started for the Congo. There Swain dis-
appears, but is tracked to a valley contain-
ing a cavern, where they find a large
quantity of this heavy substance. _ While

they are watching Swain remove a small
fragment of it, they are attacked by a
large gang of near-human ape-like crea-
tures under leadership of a truly gigantic
male, whom they dub "The Captain.” A
few of the gang, not in harmony with
the “Captain,” are killed forthwith and
then the Captain’s reason snaps and he
kills the entire gang singlehanded. The
Captain gets his arm shattered and mutely
applies for help. He gets medical atten-
tion and thereafter is their friend, guide
and ally. The scientists, in the mean-
time, have examined the mysterious heavy
substance, and classed it as an entirely
new element, hitherto unknown upon the
earth, which they name “Asterium.” The
Captain, who has degenerated so far that
he is without speech, displays the greatest
aversion to “Asterium,” and leads them
to another large deposit of this substance.
Here the emanations are very strong, but
they manage to set tip an X-ray machine
and succeed in disintegrating the asterium,
which explodes with terrific force. The
disintegrating once started cannot be
stopped and as the asterium permeates
the whole countryside, a cataclysm of hor-
rible grandeur takes place. The expedi-
tion survives, however, though the Captain
is killed. The survivors finally land safe-
ly in Chicago, where a letter left by
Swain furnishes the necessary explana-
tions.

  “The Iron Star” is a very entertaining
book, which can honestly be recommended
to all lovers of fantastic literature.—
C. A. B.

Mystic Stories

"Others Who Returned," by H. R. Wake-
field, published by D. Appleton & Co.,

 New York. $2.00.

THIS volume contains 15 stories, which
will be welcomed by the mystically
inclined and condemned by those
whose minds demand an explanation. Mr.
Wakefield’s style is very agreeable and
reads well. Some of the stories are
pathetically touching and beautiful, as for
instance “Present at the End.” All
of the stories are charmingly written
and very ably constructed. They contain
descriptions of unexplained mysteries and
accidents, leading to unsolved deaths,
transmitted taints and evil influences,
which continue beyond the grave, but all
without any explanation whatever. It is
absolutely “up” to the reader to furnish

the explanation, if he can. For that reason
it must appeal to the mystic.—C. A. B.

A Satirical Novel

"Deutschland Ohne Deutsche" (Germany
  without Germans), by Hans Heyck.
  Published by I,. Staackmann, Leipzig,
  Germany. $2.00.

THE German publishers have adopted
the American custom of furnishing a
short synopsis on the inside jacket of
the book. To me it seems a good custom.
Most of the German jackets praise their
books profusely and almost all titles are
misleading; superlatives and super-super-
latives are employed with a deplorable
lavishncss. The book is advertised as a
satire of the importance of a work of
Swift’s. It is, they say, a mirror of the
future, and a picture of humanity in gigan-
tic dimensions. Looking at the book, with
an unbiased eye, it seems to us a fairly
well written, entertaining tale, dealing with
a Germany submerged in a sea of foreign
immigrants, chiefly negroes, and in the
hands of exploiting coteries of rich ad-
venturers, who have succeeded in a gen-
eral standardization of everything. Even
before the World War, anything foreign
—all foreign customs and habits—were
looked upon with awe and respect. This de-
plorable weakness got worse after the war
and “Deutschland Ohne Deutsche” shows
unmistakable signs of it. But, perhaps
it is only the much-mentioned satire. Let
us give Herr Heyck the benefit of the
doubt.

  The story deals with the project of
driving a tunnel through the centre of the
earth to connect Australia with Europe.
This project has been proposed by a Ger-
man Engineer called “Big Linus.” (Like
most of the newer German books, this
one is also amply laced with all kinds of
English expressions.) Big Linus, a mul-
timillionaire, works secretly to solve the
problem of how to recreate a new Ger-
many by secretly segregating all good and
true Germans in the northern part of
Sweden and Finland, which he bought out-
right. His nephew, as his heir who is
supposed to carry on this project, has to
flee from Germany after having1 fallen
foul of their laws. He safely lands in
Sweden, while the tunnel blows up through
volcanic eruptions.

  The technical part, describing the con-
struction of the tunnel, is well handled.
The rest failed to impress.—C. A. B.
April, 1930

AMAZING STORIES

85

Home-Study

Business Training

Yoar opportunity will never be bigger than your
preparation. Prepare now and reap the rewards of
early success. Free 64-Page Books T«1I How. Write
NOW for book you want, or mail coupon with yonr
came, present position and address in margin today.
Q Higher Accountancy O Business Correa.

j Mod. Salesmanship
1 Traffic Management
1 Rail. Station MUm't
J Law : Degree of LL.B.
j Commercial Law
^Industrial Mtlm’t
j Banking and Finance
3 Telegraphy
j Business Mgm't
^Railway Accounting

□	Paper Sales:

 Credit and Collection
 Correspondence
 Modern Foremanship
 Personnel Mgm't
 Expert Bookkeeping
 C. P. A. Coaching
 Business English
 Commercial Spaniafe
 Effective Speaking
 Stcootypy—Stenog'y

_	smun's Training

LaSalle Extension Uoiraraitj, Dept 494-R, Chicaio

Old Money

 and stamps
 JMl WANTED

post YOURS

 »l I paid £

-

copper cent. Mr, Manning. New York,
tZ.500 for one cilver dollar. Mrs. O. P.
Adams *740 for a few old coins. I want
all kinds of old coins, medals, bill*, and
stamps. I pay big cash premium*.

   WILC PAY *100 FOR DIMS
1894i S Mint; SMI for 191J Liberty Head
Nu;kel (not buffalo) and bondrcds of
other amazing price# for eohu. Get in
touch with me. Send 4c for Large Illus-
trated Com Folder. It may mean much
profit to yon- Write today to

numismatic COMPANY OF TEXAS

*^‘3“ „ •„ V. i-	FORT WORTH TEXAS

(Largo* Raw Crin EsubUuncai la U. S.)

TRUSS USERS

Learn how to close the rupture opening,
    rapture can’t come down. Get a Ti
    Test of the herbal muscle-tonic

 so

 en

illustrated book

the rupture can’t come
Das

“Plapao”, and 48 page
describing the effective home treatment
used by satisfied thousands without delay
from work. Awarded Gold Medal, Rome,
Grand Prix, Paris, and other proofs of
merit. You can make this test which
started many others on the road to better
health without cost—FREE. Write TO-
DAY to Plapao Co., 375Stuart Building,
Saint Louis, Missouri.

ELECTRIFY YOUR., .
RADIO FOR ONLY*1

 Why discard yourprcsent good set when yon
 can electrify It for only $6.85, and banish the annoyance and
 expense of buying new B” bafct«ries7

LOv«f iSO.OOOTowniend
“3”Power Unit* In Use

 Hooked op in a few minutes. Use
 same tabes—no changes. You'll be
 omazed at the Improvement in re-
 ception and distanoe getting. Send
 name and address today for foil
 details, proof and Free Trial Offer.
 TOWNSEND LABORATORIES
 71* Townsend Street Chicago, Illinois

Learn Public
Speaking

 At home—In spare time—SO minutes a
      Ororeom*/*■«*«•.friabt*' Bate ••!'-
      <.nr\d«nc*.	yoar»aUrr. »h»oo*l»

     s-wcc

   SOMETHING DIFFERENT
   No Flint. No Friction
   MAKE UP TO
   $40 A DAY

Showing My Mystery Lighter
to Men. What Makes It LiRht?
All Guaranteed. No Flint or Pric-
tion. New Principle of Ignition.
Sample With Sales Plan 25c. Sample
Gold or Silver Plated, $1.00. Agents
write for proposition.

NEW METHOD MFG. CO.

Desk A. S.-4	Bradford, Pa.

that Paul has the architects’ viewpoint. He sees
things as matters of lines and surfaces. In
drawing scientific machinery, with only his imagi-
nation as his guide, he is unexcelled. It is how-
ever his failing that lie has standardized his
people. You have perhaps noticed that all his
people wear breeches which spread like those used
in the cavalry. No doubt this is the artist's con-
ception of people of the future, but it does not
strike a convincing note. However your present
artistic staff is fine. In particular, I find Briggs
a fine artist. I can take up your magazine with
the firm conviction that I will find in it the
cream of scientific fiction.

   I do not believe you have lost a single reader,
and I know that you have gained many.

  Con we have a few more stories by Wells?
How about something from Burroughs, and Otis
Adelbert Kline ? The way your cover blends in all
respects, color, and figures, is very pleasing to the
eye, 3nd I enjoy the conservatism of your colors.
Mr. Dennis desires me to give you his regards.

                           Sidney Gerson,

1552 N. Kcdzie Blvd., Chicago, 111.

  (Thank you for your letter. All we can say is
that our staff, literary and artistic, is putting
its best efforts into Amazing Stories. We
hope you will continue to like it more and more.
But always we. must be guided by our readers
and the only*way we can.do that is to continue to
receive reports—as it were—from them on the
various issues of both the Monthly and the
Quarterly. We feel that the Science Correspond-
ence Club has started its career in an auspicious
manner. Long may it continue. We know you
will find such men as Dr. Breuer, Harl Vincent
and the more distinctively scientific men in your
ranks, most valuable accessions as consulting
scientists. We also know, personally, that most
of the men whose names you mentioned will do
what they can to help keep the Science Correspond-
ence Club a real organization.—Editor.)

THE ROCKET IN INTERPLANETARY
TRAVEL
Editor, Amazing Stories:

  As one who has at odd times actually worked
on what could be—theoretically—an agency for
“interplanetary travel," may I put in a word on
that matter?

  Of all the purely kineto-mechanic ideas for a
means to reach, say, the moon, or even farther, a
rocket is by all means the most possible. But as
Mr. Sloane rightly says, the acceleration-risk is
a very real one. But, again, if my elevator ex-
periences are at all normal, a person in any
ascending mechanism loses the inertia-made in-
crease of weight once inertia is overcome. So
the rocket-ship appears not impossible.

  My own experiments have been with the idea
of changing ionic or atomic motion into mass
motion in an electromagnet, and for amusement
I have written two “interplanetary” tales on that
basis. A hollow cylinder carrying in it its own
power, would theoretically be capable, so excited,
to continue its acceleration to the speed of “motion
per se." Actually the limit even in space would
be the crystallizing point. And as its crew would
partake of the same acceleration no external
inertia would act on them.

  Our field, and a difficult one, for any author
would be to write in first person a tale by, say, a
Saturnian. I tried twicc. Had fair success in
one very short one, but in writing the same per-
son’s autobiograph—I—I—I Have worked on
it off and on for eleven months; not half done.
The difficulty is, to think and write as a Saturnian
rather than a Terrancan. There is the stumbling
block, as Mr. H. P. Lovecraft points out.

  How about stories of other dimensions? One,
giving a theorem of a tesseract, was in its mechan-
ical side excellent. Incidentally, certain wise
ones in “Pre-Cometic Atlantis," and “Antillea,"
had a table of the "dimensions" up to either eight-
een or twenty-one, and held that the seventh was
directly accessible from the third.

L. Partridge,

Box 84, Cornish, Maine.

   (It is hard to see or to conceive of any vehicle
which would be driven through space, where there
is virtually a vacuum, by any means other than
reaction, and reaction we take as meaning rocket
propulsion. At least this is a convenient way of
expressing it. As regards the stories which you
have been working on, we can only say to you,
what we say to so many others, send them in to
us and we will be delighted to have them read and
to give them full consideration in our Editorial
Department. We wish to have new authors for we
want to keep the magazine very original and to
avoid its being dry or dull or too mathematical.
We hope that your suggestions will be taken up by
some of our authors for they are really very
good and original.—Editor.)

$1,000

REWARD!

   TN a dirty, forlorn shack by the river’s

  I	edge they found the mutilated
  body of Genevieve Martin. Her
  pretty face was swollen and distorted.
  Marks on the slender throat showed
  that she had been brutally choked to
  death. Who had committed this
  ghastly crime ? No one had seen the
  girl and her assailant enter the cottage,
  no one had seen the murderer depart
  How could he be brought to justice?

  Crimes like this have been solved—are
  being solved every day by Finger Print
  Experts. Every day we read in the pa-
  pers of their exploits, hear of the mys-
  teries they solve, the criminal they iden-
  tify, the rewards they win. Finger Print
  Experts are always in the thick of the
  excitement, the heroes of the hour.

   Not Experienced
   Detectives—Just
   Ordinary Men

   Within the past few years, scores of men—men
   with no police experience, men with Just ordi-
   nary grade school educations — have become
   finger print experts. You can become a finger
   print expert, too. Can you imagine a more fas-
   cinating line of work than this? More trained!
   men are needed. Here's your real opportunity.

Learn the Secrets of
Identification

   More and more the detection of crime resolves
   itself into a problem of identification. You
   can learn the methods of the famous identifica-
   tion experts. You can learn the science of
   Finger Print Identification—right at home in
   your spare time.

 FREE—The Confidential Re-
 ports No. 38 Made to His ChleS!

  IF YOU ACT QUICK—We will send you free,
  a copy of the gripping, fascinating, confiden-
  tial report Secret Service Operator No. 38
  made to His Chief.

   Write quickly for fully illustrated free book
   on Finger Prints which explains this wonder-
   ful training in detail. Don't wait. You may
   never see this announcement again) You as-
   sume no obligation. Mail coupon NOW—
   while this offer lasts!

  Institute of Applied Science

Dapt< H-94 -
f930 flsoajrald* Avenue, Chicago

yimmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmrn

■	Institute of Applied Science, DeptU-9*

me Sunnyilde Avc., Chicago, III.

I Gentleman: Without any obligation whatever, land
3 mo your now, fully Uloatrated,FREE book on Ffns*r
a Print, and the free copy of the Confidantlal Beporta of
J Operator No. 88 mad, to Hlo Chief.

■	\

g Name ......___________..._______________________

I

■

H Address_____—----------------------------,

■

■

J City & Stats...........—------Ags-.____
86

/^XCELLsO

 Genuine Screen Grid radio with dynamic speaker
 and high grade cabinets for radio or radio-phono-
 graph combinations.

Write today for free illustrated catalog of Radio
and Radio Cabinets

EXCELLO PRODUCTS CORPORATION

4832 West 16th Street
CICERO, ILLINOIS

/FREE BOOKS of
BUSINESS HELPS

 We publish over 200 Homo Study Books, each a complete
 treatise of tta subject. W© have one or more for you.
 Boots on

 ] Commercial Art
 ] Lettering
 ] Advertising
 ] Sign Making
 } Radio_

 ] Aviation
 1 Painting
 _J Silk Screen Process
 and many other subjects.

 FREE CATAI/OG. Chock the subjects in which you are
 Interested and write today.

 FREDERICK J. DRAKE & CO., Publishers

Room 519—17S No. Michigan Blvd., Chicago

 Drake books are for sale in all book stores

  1 Decoration
  ] Automobiles
  3 Battery Work
  Electricity
  Carpentry
  Building
  Contracting
  Sheet Metal Work
  fully described in our.

 Only 4 Motions used in playing this fascinating
 instrument. Our native Hawaiian Instructors
 toach you to master them quickly. Pictures
 show how. Everything oxplained clearly.

 Easy Lessons
 Even if you don't
 know one noto from
 another. the 62
 printed lessons and
 clear pictures make
 it easy to learriQulck-

Pl.yln Half Hour

After you set tho
four easy mdtjons
you play IsarmontouB
chorda with very

 little' practice. No

 previous musical iteasytolearnau ck-
 fc now ledge hcedrd. ly. Pny aa yoa play.
 tflVVITM when you enroll
 %rl V JDn _a sweet toned	_

HAWAIIAN CUITAR, Carrying Ca_«e
and Flaying Outfit
Value «IB to SSO
Ho txlraa-txtrvthing included
?T?

 WRITE AT ONCE for attrac
 tlv»ofler and ear>y terma. A
 poatcard will do. ACT I

 FIRST HAWAIIAN CONSERVATORY of MUSIC, Inc.
 9th Floor, Wootworth Bid*;., Dopt. 267, Now Yorl«, N. Y.

 JpproetJ at a Corretpondence Stko<* P.?*1'	«f cl)f Slal* °f

jWm Vorh—Mtmbtr National Homt Study Council.

AMAZING STORIES

A COMMENT ON DR. LEMKIN'S STORY
"COLD LIGHT”

Editor, Amazikg Stories:

  The story “Cold Light” in your November issue
is a scientific and literary treat.

                        Geo. H. Davenport,

         3430 West 52nd St., Los Angeles, Cal.
(The subject of cold light and the awful waste
(and that is not too strong ail expression) inci-
dental to artificial illumination, has received so
much attention of late years that wo feci that our
story “Cold Light" which you so highly appreciated
was extremely timely, especially as it was written
by one who thoroughly understands his subject.
The incandescent lamp gives but a very small per-
centage back of the energy which it receives, in the
shape of light. Of course it absorbs all the energy
given to it, but a great part of the energy goes
off as obscure invisible ether rays, If we may so
term them, simply heat radiation using the old-
fashioned term of what has been called classic
physics.—Editor.)

SOMETHING ABOUT THE CORRESPOND-
ENCE CLUB—THEORY OF THE
AURORA BOREALIS

Editor, Amazing Stories:

  I will pass over the elaborate praise indulged
in by most of your correspondents, because they
seem to have about used up all the adjectives in
the language. And anyway, the old "A. S." can
stand on its own merit, and it won't be in the
back row, cither.

  I have a problem I believe you can help mo
with, if you will; hero it is:

  In collaboration with Walter Dennis, of Chi-
cago, I have evolved an hypothesis as to the origin
of the "Aurora Borealis,” which we believe to be
entirely original and which seems to fit every
known fact. Would you advise me to seek recog-
nition of it by some national astronomical so-
ciety, or would it be better to send it to a maga-
zine of science? Is there any merit award at-
tached to a solution of this problem, such as hon-
orary degrees, etc.? Now, a word about the
Science Correspondence Club. We have over one
hundred and thirty (130) members.

  Don't you think it about time we got a little
recognition? For Instance, a page devoted to
club business, such as: list of new members, ad-
dress of officers, and feature the best article, dis-
coveries, theories, etc., submitted each month by
the members. Thus, each member would have an
opportunity to present his ideas to the entire club,
and any faults or fallacies, as well as good points,
be immediately found, and argued pro and con
by the correspondents.

  Well-wishing and boosting for the "S. C. C.”
and "our” magazine, I remain,

                    E. W. Smith,

           541Church St., Ottumwa, Iowa.
(There is no prize offered for the solution of
such a problem as you speak of. If the solution
was a wonderful triumph of science some degree
of recognition would undoubtedly follow. We
think you might correspond with one of the great
observatories, such as The National Observatory of
Washington or with the head of the Weather
Bureau, and see if you could get them interested.
It would be quite a triumph for the Correspondence
Club if you could get adequate recognition of your
work. We will take Into consideration what you
say about recognition of the Science Club. For
the present you can do much by writing such let-
ters as this telling us of your progress, which we
consider quite remarkable. We will be glad to
give you some space in the magazine to report your
progress.—Editor.)

A TRIBUTE TO G. PEYTON WERTEN-
BAKER FROM A BROTHER AUTHOR

Editor, Amazing Stories:

  Every now and then you publish a really first-
class piece of Scientifiction; one that ranks with
the good literature of the day and is worthy of
living in some more permanent form than the
covers of a magazine. This time I wish to con-
gratulate you on "The Chamber of Life,” by G.
Peyton Wertenbaker.

   Scientifiction, primarily, must entertain. In that
way it differs from science, which may or may not
entertain; for the principal function of a scientific
article is something far different from entertain-
ment. But, In order that a short-story (by this
term I mean the v#ry specialized form of literature
that has developed during the past fifty years) with
a scientific foundation be entertaining, it has to
fulfill some other rather stringent and difficult re-
quirements. Some sort of a raving fancy, a wild,
incoherent hodge-podge of machinery, or of stunts
with rays or hypnotism or Impossible apparatus, or
some melodramatic adventures in the middle of

April, 1930

.. I Was the
Life of
the Party!

I FRANKLY admit that until recently
I was about the most awkward blush-
ing wallflower who ever dared to go to a
party.

But my life has certainly changed. Instead
of overhearing myself referred to as an
“old oil can,” it seems now as though the
fellows and girls can’t pay enough atten-
tion to me. Now every time the gang
throw a party they insist that I come.

Don't think I’m bragging. I remember all
too keenly what it felt like to be a lone-
some dud in the midst of a lively crowd.
And I'm so thankful to a certain Prof.
Dunninger for my new found popularity
that I am only too glad to give the credit
where it belongs.

Some time ago I read an ad just as you’re
doing now about Dunninger’s famous book
—“POPULAR MAGIC AND CARD
TRICKS.” As it cost only 50c with
“money-back-if-not-satisfied” guarantee, I
thought I’d try it.

I received the book by return mail and was
amazed to see how easy it was to do ma-
gician’s trices. In short order I became
expert in performing a dozen or more
mysterious stunts that astounded every-
one, myself mo6t of all.

At the next party I went to I gave a one-
man show that simply overwhelmed the
whole gang. For an hour or more I made
cards fly, glass bowls disappear, coins van-
ish, performed secret mind reading—in
short, held my audience dumbfounded and
completely mystified!

You, too, can entertain and astound your
friends—win greater popularity—experi-
ence countless evenings of enjoyment with
the more than 200 magic tricks this book
explains in simple English and easy to
understand pictures.

Never before have you had a chance to get
so much real pleasure and value for only
50c. While we still
have a few hundred
books left—

   Clip
 and Mail
 Coupon
 TODAYS

ilBBaaan.aaa,

—/	■

, EXPERIMENTER PUBLICATIONS, Inc.,	S

I Dept. 2104-Y, 381 Fourth Ave.,	■
I New York, N. Y.

I enclose 50c (In stomps, coin or money-	•

■	order) in full payment for Prof. Dunninger’s	1

■	famous big 100-page book—“POPULAR	1
> MAGIC AND CARD TRICKS”—which it is	■

■	understood will be shipped to me by return	I

■	mail.	■

■	I

■	Name ..............................................................■

*	..............I

■	Address ................................................I

■	..............I

*	City and State......................................................■

I I enclose 50c additional for which also	•

I send me the big complete illustrated book	■
I 1 have checked below:

      □	How To Win at Bridge
J □ Flying for Everybody
r D New Radio Trouble Finder
April, 1930

AMAZING STORIES

87

 South America or on Venus, among some carica-
 tures of beings who express the inconsistencies of
 the author’s psychology rather than any scientific
 principles—these things cannot possibly be enter-
 taining to a person with an orderly mind, a scien-
 tific training and a taste for good literature.
 There are many such persons, and they deserve a
 good story now and then. Scientifiction can only
 entertain by sticking close enough to the orderli-
 ness of probability to resemble science at least
 superficially, and then by leading off the imagina-
 tion of the reader on paths of exploration and
 speculation that actually do lead somewhere,
 without breaking his “Iraaginationary” neck.

     Scientifiction has a definite mission in literature.
 To be successful, to receive the approbation of in-
 telligent people, to live in the literary world, it
 must do one of three things: (1) It must express
 some new idea, some step forward in scientific
 imagination; it must look forward to what can be
 done, and probably will be done; (2) it must
 carry over scientific atmosphere and scientific in-
 formation in a palatable form to the non-scientific
 reader. The busy man’s best way of getting a
 whiff of geology is through a good geological
 scientifiction story; (3) or, it must display the
 interaction between human nature and scientific
 progress. After all, the most interesting things
 about science are not its own facts, but what it does
 to people.

    Mr. Wertenbaker has remarkably fulfilled the
 third, but especially the first of these requirements.

 I think his “Chamber of Life” is a brilliant con-
 ception. It is a perfection and idealization of what
 we try to accomplish when we read a story or a
 book, or go to a movie. It is entertainment
 carried to its highest refinement. In a way, it is
 but a simple, logical conception, merely one step
 in reasoning ahead of the souud-and-color movie;
 but that is what all really great things are: simple.
 It is the great and simple thing that moves us, not
 the vast, complex, labored efforts to soar and to
 cover the universe. Mr. Wertenbaker's idea
 certainly made a very powerful impression on my
 mind.

    The other quality of excellence in his story is of
 course the workmanlike manner in which he put
 it together. I know nothing about him, and am
 quite curious to know if he is a professional
 writer. Correct stort-story technic requires prin-
 cipally a proper knowledge of psychology; the psy-
 chology of the reader, and of the characters in
 the story. And Mr. Wertenbaker evidently has
 these, and has constructed a story that combines
 tile two things that one does not see combined as
 often in scientifiction as one would like—a clever,
 original conception, and good story-technic.

    I hope you can get more stories like it, both
 from him and from others like him.

                            Miles J. Breuer,

                              Lincoln, Nebraska.
 (This letter from Dr. Breuer, whom we claim
 as one of our leading authors, tells its own story
 and requires no comments by us. Our satisfaction
 in it is based on the idea that so high an authority
 as its writer really agrees with the general methods
 of the editors of Amazing Stories, because we
 are not only trying to please our readers, but we
 are trying to do a good piece of work as regards
 science, literature, interest and romance, avoiding
 dryness and in spite of some transgressions,
 sticking pretty closely to correctness and making a
 very large allowance for the utilization of what may
 bo termed "scientific impossibility.”—Editor.)

  AMAZING STORIES IN GLASGOW

 liditor, Amazing Stories:

    Having seen that readers from all parts of
 America take a part in your discussion column
 I thought you might like to hear from a reader in
 “Bonny Scotland.” I get my copies of your maga-
 zine from the Woolworth Store in Glasgow. I
 noticed the name of your magazine and I thought
 that it was just another of those sensational trashy
 magazines that you sometimes hear of, but I con-
 fess I was entranced by your cover design. Suffi-
 cient to say I bought your August and September
 numbers and I did not stop until I had read them
 from cover to cover. I liked the “Red Peril”
 and Dr. Dressler’s stories the best of the lot. I
 have passed the magazine on to some of my friends
 and they all thoroughly enjoyed it.

                     William Mclnarlik,

                            9 Tollcross Road,
                  Parkhead, Glasgow, Scotland

 (The letter from the land of Robert Burns is
 highly appreciated. Of course, it is pleasant for
 us to know that Amazing Stories is read in other
 countries. There is even a sort of childish feeling
 about it that the further off the countries are the I

>s o/CooKi

 i a
 / “y

 I

T°~"i

&

  MAH/NG ?60 to f/OO A WEEK

Why don’t you get into Electricity, too? It’s today’s great Oppor-
tunity for you and every other man who is sick and tired of strug-
gling along on small pay. Hundreds of "Cooke Trained Men”
who were no smarter than you when they started now make $3,000
to 55,000 a year—and some make even more.

               LEARN AT HOME IN SPARE TIME

                          L?'°.rn. .t,he,	.L- L. COOKE "Work Sheet and Job

                                  iicket Method. Its simple, its thorough, it's practical. It's
                                  just like actual shop experience, yet it's all done right in your
                                  own home with the Big Complete Outfit of Tools and Apparatus
                                  given to you without extra cost. And it's done in your spare time,
                                  without quitting your present job or losing a single hour's pay.

                     PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE NOT NEEDED

                              You don’t need previous experience—you don't need higher
                              education to learn Electricity the L. L. COOKE Way. If vou
                              can read and w-rite, that’s enough. This great Training is amazingly
                              dear and simple. There s nothing like it anywhere. It’s the Train-
                              ing with hundreds of successful graduates; it’s the Training that
                              has put many men on Easy Street; it’s the Training for YOU.

                        GET STARTED-MAIL COUPON

                                ‘‘Cooke Trained Men” are the "Big Pay Men” everywhere. $60
                                to $100 a week is what many of them are making. That's the
                                kind of a job for you. Get started under the famous L. L. COOKE
                                Money Back Agreement. Act today to increase your pay. Send
                                coupon for Big FREE Book, ‘‘Secrets of Success in Electricity.”
                                Mail coupon now.

                  L. L. Cooke School of Electricity

                        Dept. 404, 3IS0 Lawrence Are., Chicago, III.

233H3335EQZ53I

                                                            L. L. Cook* School of Electricity,

                                                            Dopt. 404, 2150 Lawrence Av*.. Chicago, III.

                                                            &>nd me entirely free and fully	your book “SaereU

                                                            of	in Electricity’' with particulars about your Home

                                                            btudy Courw in Electricity.

|5EN0 '

^A/5W?>

Xa-oK<

Subscription Price Going Upg
SAVE sl00 t© *5°°—See Page 4 #
88

AMAZING STORIES

 19 Chapters

 More than 120
 Photographs,
 Maps, Diagrams.

     Contents
     Equivalent to
     a 30 0-Page
     Library-Size
     Volume!

A Cmm pi ete Course

Ain Fundamentals of

  viafion Only JwC

    “|7 LYING FOR EVERBODY” is just the book you’ve
    JF been waiting for—the one complete and unabridged
    Aviation Manual which covers every phase of flying from
    the ground up. Condensed in its pages is the essence of the
    lifetime experiences of Aviation’s foremost authorities.
    Here are but brief glimpses of the subjects covered in its
    all-absorbing contents:

AERODYNAMICS AND AIRCRAFT
ENGINEERING — Stability. Lift and
Drag. Aspect Ratio. Functions of rud-
der, ailerons, elevators, stabilizer and
every other part of a plane.

TYPES OF PLANES—Helicopters, Au-
togiros, Combinations, etc. Principles
of design. Complete list with data on
wing area, span, weight, useful load, en-
gine and horsepower. “Automatic”
pilots.

AVIGATION — Principles, Sextants,
Drift. Blind Flying. Plotting Courses.

GETTING INTO AVIATION—Big de-
mand for Aeronautical Engineers.
Junior Aviation League of America.
Correspondence courses. Flying schools.
Physical tests. Cost. Military train-
ing. Classes of licenses.

JOBS IN THE AVIATION INDUS-
TRY—Output of engines and planes.
Increasing demand for those with lim-
ited and full training. Salaries. Me-
chanics, inspectors, navigators. Jobs on
the ground. New uses of airplanes and
opportunities they offer.

LEARNING EACH PHASE OF FLY-
ING—Take-off. Climbing. Controls.
Turning and Banking. Gliding. Land-
ing. Taxiing.

STUNT FLYING—Sharp turns. Loop-
ing. Nose diving. Zooming. Immel-
mann turn. Tail spin and other stunts.

ASSEMBLING AND TESTING—EN=
GINES—MAINTENANCE — Obtaining
Pilot’s and Mechanic’s License. Flying
in Bad Weather. Increasing Safety.
Rules of the Airways. Airports. Air-
ways. Data on Air Travel. Airplane
Clubs. Glossary of Terms. Supplemen-
tary Reading, etc., etc. Here is your |
complete instruction manual and thor-
ough ground course, fully illustrated,
priceless to everyone associated or in-
terested in any aspect of Aviation.

  Complete Book Only 50c

AERO NEWS AND MECHANICS is

 the outstanding leader in aviation, read
 bv more people the world over than any
 other flying magazine! In the interests
 of Aviation it has decided to place with-
 in easy reach of everyone the most
 authoritative, up-to-the-minute guide-
 book on all the fundamentals of flying.
 Its entire staff of expert engineers,
 mechanics and pilots and other fore-
 most authorities have collaborated in
 this work. The result is a big fascina-
 ting book that has amazed thousands
 —The Last Word in Aviation Literature!
 As near as we can estimate, to obtain
 equivalent instruction in any other form
 would cost at least $10.00. But while
 there are still a few hundred left, you
 can have your copy for the incredible
 low price of only 50c! Act now, before
 it’s too late!

April, 1930

better. It is nice to fed that our magazine ha*
traveled across the Nonh Atlantic to your nice
town of Glasgow of which the writer has very
pleasant memories. It is many years since he
was there and was iu the basement of the Cathe-
dral, where Rob Roy was in hiding. We thank
you for your appreciation and note with interest
that the cover attracted you. If you will look
through our correspondence coin mil you will see
that no feature of Amazing Stories has been
an object of so much criticism as the cover page
illustration.—Editor.)

THE EINSTEIN THEORY FROM A STU-
DENT OF ITS LAWS—FOURTH
DIMENSION STORIES

Editor, Amazing Stories:

   Being a devoted reader of your periodical al-
most since its first appearance, I have had the
opportunity to read nearly every story that you
published dealing with the Fourth Dimension
and other phases of the Einstein Theory of Rel-
ativity. These stories are always of especial
interest to me, as relativity is a subject to which
I have devoted several years of study.

   In the latest (January) issue I see a letter
from an English reader objecting to further pub-
lication of this type of story, claiming that Time-
traveling and similar stories are unfair to II. G.
Wells, whose "The Time Machine” was the first
and best of this nature to be written. However,

I cannot agree with your correspondent. I be-
lieve that if an author can offer a new suggestion
on this subject, or make an improvement over
older stories, he is certainly entitled to do so.
And I will say that I have not yet read a single
Fourth Dimension story that did not contain some
new, original, and ingenious idea or suggestion.
Of course, nearly every story of this nature you
have published is at variance in some phase with
every other story; and I have not yet found one
which agrees with my own conception of the
Fourth Dimension, outside of the statement that
that dimension is Time. However, to get to the
real purpose of this letter:

   The most interesting Fourth Dimension stories
I have read are those of Dr. Miles J. Breuer and
Clare Winger Harris (I consider Mrs. Harris'
“The Fifth Dimension” something of a master-
piece). Freshest in my memory is “A Baby on
Neptune," which these two authors did jointly;
but while it is a good enough tale, there is one
rather objectionable phase that I feel urged to
call to your attention. And that is: the "geodesic
flyer.”

   Somewhere in the story it is stated that, "The
geodesic flyer does not travel along a world-line.”
That, of course, ia merely a relative term of speech,
and means, I presume, that the ship’s world-line is
changed from an angle incorporating both Space
and Time, to one which runs parallel to the Tiine-
dimension, so that the flyer is “at rest” in Space.
Consequently the flyer’s “motion” depends upon
changing its state of inertia; that is, switching
from a state of motion through Space, to a posi-
tion of “rest.” All very good—so far. But now
come the objections.

   Firstly, in describing how the Neptunian left
the earth, the authors state that, "They had hard-
ly begun to feel warm from the friction of the
air, when they were out of it.” Let me state
that if the earth's atmosphere is, say, 92 miles
deep, then the geodesic flyer spent five seconds
within it—which is sufficient time to seriously dam-
age the vessel and its occupants. For the very
simple reason that the flyer could not leave the
earth at a velocity greater than the planet’s orbital
speed of 18.5 miles per second. This can be
readily perceived, since the flyer is at rest in
Space, therefore the flier is not leaving tl:e earth,
but the earth is leaving the flier, and the planet's
orbital velocity is the figure mentioned. Were the
ship to depart from the earth at a greater speed,
it would have to put on some form of power and
thus travel along a world-line, which would again
place it in danger of the meteors which it seeks
to avoid. Incidentally the fact that the geodesic
flyer is not on a world-line (meaning it is not
traveling in space) would not save it from
meteors traveling toward that point in space oc-
cupied by the vessel. For though the ship's path
lies wholly in the Fourth Dimension (meaning it is
traveling in Time only), the ship itself is in our
familiar three-dimensional Euclidean Space; and
as the world-lincs of the meteors also extend into
Time, they could intercept the path of the vessel
and cause a collision. Perhaps my argument is
not very clearly expressed; but if you are familiar
with relativity I believe you will easily grasp the
meaning and truth of my statements.

     Secondlv, in order to bring their "geodesic
   flyer" to a position of rest, the travelers would
   first have to apply a force which would hurl the
   ship from the earth (with reference to an ob-

ptcian«Hia'Clip and Mail Coupon TODAY"

»	MACKINNON-FLY PUBLICATIONS, Inc., Dept. 2004-a,

jjj	381 Fourth Ave., New York, N. Y.	|

■	Gentlemen: Please send me a copy of your big, complete and unabridged book, "FLYING	a

^	FOR EVERYBODY.” Enclosed is the special bargain price of only 50c in complete payment.	g

B	Name ......................................Address .....................................................H

B	!

E	City .......................................State ..............................................................................1
April, 1930

AMAZING STORIES

89

NEW SCIENTIFIC WONDER

|a*g.p!8.pn0g

 p*BOOK.t

 irrowmvm

Amaze and Mystify Youf Friends!

Earn money at Clubs anil Partlea.
Iso skill required. It's easy. "The
Hook of 1000 Wonders” tells how and
teaches you many startling tricks of
Mafcic. Also contains a complete
catalog. Send lOo. today.

                     LYLE DOUGLAS
              Station A-9	Dal In. Tara!

server on the planet) at a velocity of 18.5 miles
per second in a direction opposite to that in which
the planet is traveling. This suddenly applied
force would crush the travelers to pulp.

   A third objection is the time required to reach
Neptune. In the story, as I recall, the time re-
quired for the journey is about 60 earthly days.
As a matter of fact, the ship would actually be
262 days on the voyage, since its maximum
velocity through the solar system is equal to the
speed of the solar system through space—about
12 miles per second. This, of course, because the
ship is waiting for the orbit of Neptune to catch
up with it; and Neptune’s orbit advances through
space at the above-mentioned rate. Were the
ship to travel through space at a speed of 16,000
miles per second, as stated near the beginning
of the 6tory, it wonld again be oa a world-line
traversing both Space and Time.

  Fourthly: After reaching Neptune, the travel-
ers would have to stay on that planet for half a
Neptunian year, or 82 terrestrial ones, before they
could undertake the voyage back to earth. This
because the sun must advance toward Neptune’s
position in space in order to catch up with the
geodesic flyer.

  Fifthly: The geodesic flyer would never reach
Neptune—or any other planet. This is because
the orbits of the planets all lie in about the same
plane, and the motion of the sun through space
is more vertical to that plane than level with it.
Hence the geodesic flyer, not partaking of the
solar system’s motion through space, would be left
behind while the sun and all its planets moved
away above it.

   The story itself was very entertaining, and save
for the above, I have no fault to find with it.
But to my mind the geodesic flyer represents
the pinnacle of inefficiency and foolhardiness. It
were better if scientifiction authors stuck to the
good old rockets and gravity-nullifiers. The char-
acters then stand a better chance of getting around
in the universe.

  The mathematics in ‘‘Fourth Dimensional Space
Penetrator” by Julian Kendig, Jr., were interes-
ting, but, sad to relate, incorrect. Or rather,
most of them were correct, but based upon false
assumptions and therefore leading to false con-
clusions.

  But I won’t go into that now. This letter Is
long enough already. But before I close I want
to compliment your artists. Wesso is as good as
Paul, and his human figures look more like the
real thing than Paul’s. Morey is but little, if
any, behind Wesso. Where’s Clardy? He’s good
too. So’s Hynd. And of course, Briggs is O. K.

  Hoping you will give us more interplanetary
and Fourth Dimension stories, and wishing you a
mighty successful New Year.

                      Frank Brueckel, Jr.,

  K. No. I, Box 787, Sta. D, Milwaukee, Wis.

  (It was said when Einstein's first paper came
out, and it was a very short one and revolutionary
in its results, that there were only twelve people
who could understand it, and of these twelve, not
one knew who the other eleven were. Of his re-
cent paper, also a very short one, it is said of
one eminent scientist, that he could understand
the first page, but that the rest were beyond him.
Your letter,- however, in its criticism of fourth
dimension stories interests us greatly, as your
criticisms are based on your knowledge of this
very abstract, or it may be called abstruse
question of the Einstein theory. In other words,
we consider your letter a sort of a little story
in itself and we intend that remark distinctly as
a compliment. It is interesting to note that so
difficult a subject as the Einstein Theory has
brought out such an interesting letter as yours.
In discussing the artists, don’t ypu agree with a
big number of ou^- readers-—and with us—that
there is a marked improvement?—Editor.)

  STORIES BY FRANCIS FLAGG, JULES
  VERNE AND H. G. WELLS COMPARED

Editor, Amazing Stories:

  In the latest issue of Amazing Stories I read
a letter by one who disapproves of the stories about
time machines because H. G. Wells was the first
to write about them. On the same general princi-
ple I suppose one should frown on stories of
rockets because undoubtedly Wells was one of
the first to utilize a space-rocket in fiction. The
Martians arrived on earth, in the War of The
Worlds, by being shot at our planet in some such
contrivance. Jules Verne in Around The Moon
and From the Earth to the Moon has his daring
voyagers shot from a cannon. As a matter of
fact, it is foolish to frown on such types of stories
because the point of departure for them has been
used before. In literature it is largely recognized
that there are only so many plots in existence, and
all stories are rehashings of those basic plots. As

The Psycho-Phone Co., Inc.,

Dept. "A”

  103 Lafayette St., New York.

— — Mail NOW for FREE Book--

Psycho-Phone Company, Dept. A
103 Lafayotte St., New York, N. Y.

  Gentlemen: Please send me your FREE
book, “The Secret of the Superman,” which
explains a new way of getting the things I
want in life.

Name ..................................

Address ................................

Town....................State

To Introduce the

IATFST
HOLLYWOOD FAD

               5e will give away absolutely FREE
               F CHARGE, one thousand beau-
               tiful albums artistically bound in a
               handsome gold-embossed cover, con-
               taining a selection of gorgeous re-
               productions, lifelike portraits, cab-
               inet size, with the actual facsimiles
               of the signatures of your favorite
               stars. We will give you one of these
               absolutely free. YOU SELL
               NOTHING. Just introduce this

                 latest Hollywood fa<j to your friends
                 and the album and portraits may be
                 yours. Write today. We will send
                 you information and portrait FREE
                 at once.

STAR & STUDIO PICTURE CORP.

1165 Broadway, Dept. A-4
New York, N. Y.

Now It’s Easy to
Get Rid of Fat!

                             Enjoy life I It's easy to loso
                             weight with Lcs-Wnta Re-
                             ducing Tablets I A sure,
                             safe, scientific method. You
                             will begin to reduce with
                             the first box. No exercise or
                             dieting! You can do what-
                             ever you like—eat what you
                             wish—and just take Lea-

                            Wate after your meals. The
                            pounds will disappear liko
                            magic! Thousands have re-

                             duced this easy way!

                 Send For
                 Trial Box

    LcB-Wate! The easiest and best way to lose fat!
i’ll be astonished how quickly you'll lose and how
much better you will feel. Guaranteed to be absolutely
harmless. Money refunded if you are not delighted. Just
alip a $1.00 bill in an envelope and send for a trial box
-—enough to last two weeks. Don't delay. Remember.
$1.00 will start you toward better health, happiness and
e beautiful figure. The most amazing fat reducer on the
mavket- It is positively guaranteed to do the work. Two
weekA* treatment sent by return mail, postpaid, $1.00.
LES-WATE PHARMACAL CO.

MSI Carmen Avo. Dopt, 41. Chicago, llllnoto

.	book- Accountancy, the Pro(.»iicr, th«t

D“p*'	Chics.

The World s Largost Business Training intmunoa

ISTHEREAMYSTERY

Connected With Success?

MOST assuredly there is not!
Look about you! On all sides
you will see men steadily forging
ahead to health, prosperity and happi-
ness.

  Here is the secret! Great men
everywhere are drawing upon man’s
most invaluable and inexliaustible
source of energy and inspiration—the
subconscious mind.

  Psycho-Phone will help you accom-
plish just that. It has started men
and women in every walk of life along
the road to success.

  Why be mediocre when there lies
within you the power to achieve your
greatest _ ambitions ! Let us tell you
about this amazing invention and what
it has done.*

   *Hundreds of sworn letters on file at this
office.

Don’t Delay—-Write Today!

Send for Your
FREE COPY!
NOW1

                     The whole amazing
story of this revolu-
tionary development
that is changing peo-
ple’s lives, remolding
their characters, is
told in '‘The Secret
of the Superman.” a
remarkable FREE
book. Get it. Read
it. Judge for your-
self what this new
discovery would mean in your life. No
obligation. No cost. Write for your copy
at once.
9Q

AMAZING STORIES

April, 1930

               Hfgfi Ssfto&l
               Course in
               2 Years

    This simplified, complete High School
    Course—speciallyprepared for home study
    by leading professors—meets all require-
    ments for entrance to college, business, and

 20 Other SSSSL*:

InesaMon.and Educators he._„

    VV W1 aCd prepare tho special instructor
    hlch^ou need roreuccess. No matter what

Vour inclinations may be, y.
to Boocoed without cpocializod C

03give you tho practical training 70a coed.

American School

 prexol Avw- * 38th Street
 Dept. H-433 Cb*ca*o

ou can’t hope
training i Let

 Money Back When You Finish If/Not Satisfied

  AMERICAN SCHOOL, Dopt.H*453
  Droxcl Avenuo and B8th St., Chicago

   Sond mo full Information on the subject chocked and
   how you will help me win success In that line,

  ..-Architect	....Electrical Engineer

   ....Building Contractor ....General Education
   -...Automobile Engineer -..Lawyer
   ....Civil Engineer	....Mach. Shop Practice

   ....Structural Englnoer ...Mechanical Engineer
   —.Business Manager	_.Stcam Engineer

  ....C. P. A. & Auditor ,...Draftsman«De«lgner
  —Bookkeeper	....High School Graduate

Name.......................................................Age..............

*t. and No...................................................................

Town—...............................................State..............

LEARN f/ieBANjO^

underHARRYRESER .'H&

 the Worlds GreatestBanjoist

The Famous Leader
of the Widely Broadcasted
CLICQUOT CLUB ESKIMOS

 offor* iu> amazingly aim pie Banjo Courae by mall
 which anyone can msator at home in n few apare.
 hours. 1 ooluona. fnticorinK and chorda thoroughly*
 illustrated nnd explained. Students and Profe*-
 AionAis heartily enuoren thla method. Coats only
 few oonte a day. Spoclal Banioa for Studonta.

BE POPULAR—MAKE MONEY

 At home, partiea. or week-end gatheringa. the ban>o
 lilayor haa many Iricnda. Alao, the banjo i» exaen-
 tiai in tho dance oroheatra of today. Baniolate make
 money. Loam more about thla inexpensive
 course.

                                          Harry Reser

                                   radio enter-
                                   tainer, phono-
                                   graph artist.
                                   Tenor Banjo
                                   teacher, or-
                                   chestra leader,
                                   composer of
                                   banjo music,
                                   guarantees
                                   success or ipon-
                                   Send for My FREE ILLUSTRATED BOOKLET ey back.

HARRY RESER, BANJO STUDIO No. 32
148 West 46th Street, New York. N. Y.

“Dependable ‘B’ Battery Power”

 For long and short wave receivers. Prices
 reasonable. Also batteries, A & B operating
 from 32 to 110 volt farm lighting systems.

Write for our free interesting booklet.

See Jay Battery Co., 911 Brook Ave N. Y. C.

ashful:

"Shame on yool” Are you ntrvout,

emfoa—----- ---------* “ ** *~

_nTy i

luerthelerribfo/tforof youriiupo'riore.

* il and confident of your

 —rrataed la company of the other
 xl Stop botao: ohy of ntrang’cra. Co:

 - iterriblo *

 o cheerful arid confident of your
 future! Your faulta easily ov«r?ome
 ■o you can enjoy lifo to the fulleat.
 Send 25c. for this amazing book.
 RICHARD BLACKSTONE
 3*454 Flatiron Bids* New York

AVIATION |7 P fTi r
Information JT A* Jti Ml*

  S«n<l ua your name and address for full Information rc*ardln* the
  Aviation and Airplane buainosa. Find ©«t about the many graat
  apportunitla* now ©pon and ho-r we prep era you at l.oma. d«rln<
  •par* time, to qaellty. Our n*w book "Opportunli.aa 4n the Air-
  elena Industry** alaosont free If you an»»ar at once.

       AMERICAN SCHOOL OF AVIATION
 0*pt4t424. 360* Mlcfcgnn Ave.	CHICAGO

 for science fiction, one must expect the authors to
 encroach on each other's field. Not, of course, by
 plagiarizing (that is unforgivable) but by utiliz-
 ing various mechanisms as their starting point
 into speculation. It seems to me that the thing to
 be asked in connection with every story is: Docs it
 contribute something scientifically new to the va-
 rious theories advanced? For after all, sciencc
 fiction is supposed to advance our knowledge of
 science, and to give us interesting theories and
 speculations, based on known facts, to marvel and
 think over. Now I never read one of the stories
 mentioned by the writer of the letter in last issue
 of Amazing Stories, the January issue. But “The
 Master Ants” by Flagg I did read, and am at a loss
 to see wherein the author encroached so abominably
 on Wells. Wells’ story, “The Time Machine,” is an
 entirely different type of story from “The Master
 Ant.” The only thing in common possessed by
 both stories is the use of a time machine to get
 to the future. But it is right here that Mr.
 Flagg introduces some interesting theories in
 relation to time and age not touched on by Wells.
 Time in its relation to space is graphically put,
 and age is shown to be engendered by the action
 of environment on the organism in a given
 period of time, not by time itself. I found this
 theory very interesting; and it is a valid one,
 based on exact science in connection with certain
 experiments by reputable scientists. Thus we
 readily see that Mr. Flagg makes a decided con-
 tribution to knowledge in his story. The travelers
 age, the machine falls to pieces from old age.
 Wells’ time machine, despite its traveling in
 time for even a million years (you will recollect
 that the time traveler went ahead in time until
 the sun shone bleakly and the only sign of life
 was a something on the beach) never got out of
 order dr needed repairing. Mr. Flagg was astute
 enough not to fall into such an error. I am not
 attempting to deny Mr. Wells (he is a favorite
 author of mine) the credit of being the first in
 this field of fiction; but in the name of common-
 sense why bar recent fiction on the same subject
 if it makes interesting contributions, not touched
 on before, to the general theory of time traveling?
 Of course mere rehashing, with nothing original
 advanced, should be frowned on. Well, now that
 is off my chest, Mr. Editor, let me say that I am
 strong for your splendid magazine. Some of the
 stories I don’t care for; but then I realize others
 do; so I make no kick. My favorite authors to
 date are Verrill, Breuer, Keller, Harris, Flagg,
 and Wells. Flagg seems the most worthwhile right
 now, to me. Perhaps, as a mathematician, his
 speculations appeal more to me. I have wondered
 why you printed nothing by him lately. Hope he
 hasn’t deserted your pages for “Weird Tales.”
 Well, luck to Amazing Stories. As literature,

 some of its stories fall off; but as ideas.....

 Well, the “mag” is there.

                         Stephen H. Stanish,

                 London Road, Oakland, Cal.

    (We consider that our authors are quite original.
 There is a saying that there are only six or seven
 jokes in all this world and that the others are all
 built thereon. Something of the same sort may be
 taken as applying to stories. Perhaps there are
 only a few short stories that are really original
 and all others may have followed down the tracks
 started by them, but our authors are original.
 They do not copy and your criticisms are very
 welcome indeed as vindicating the originality of
 the works which we publish. As regards publish-
 ing a story by Mr. Flagg, the editors wish you
 could see the pile of material which they have on
 hand, and which is so good that they want to
 publish it all, but each manuscript must bide its
 time.—Editor.) _____________

THE ACTION OF A GRAVITY SCREEN
DISCUSSED

 Editor, Amazing Stories:

   There has been considerable discussion in your
 magazine as to whether a gravity screen would
 cause the earth to lose its atmosphere.

    In my opinion there are three effects that would
 prevent this from happening.

    Take a screen as big as the original District of
 Columbia, 10 miles square (which is larger than
 the area of the ships in the story). Air up to
 about 10 miles above it would be fairly well
 screened from the earth’s gravity. This air rises.
 When it gets 100 miles up, however, it is not
 screened from all the surrounding surface of the
 globe and the enormous weight under it. Obviously
 it cannot be attracted by matter in the frustro-
 pyramld under the screen. There would be a
 change in the isobaric lines over this area, but the
 air would not escape.

   Suppose the screen was as big as the state of
 Pennsylvania. This would allow the air to rise
 much higher. The air as it starts to rise has the

Complete Muscle Building
Course, Including Exercisers, $122

1 Positively Guarantee

                        to Increase your arms one-half Inch
                        In size, chost one full inch,
                        strength 25%, health, 100% in
                        one week’s time, by following my
                        Instructions and using my exer-
                        ciser 10 minate8 mornings and at
                        night. Send $1 for complete course
                        and exercisers. Satisfaction guar-
                        anteed or J1 refundod.

PROF. J. A. DRYER
Box 1850-F Chicago, ILL

 TOU can earn good money in spare lime at
 home making display card*. No selling or
 canvassing. We instruct you. furnish com-

 write^d *fK*feUPEoQkf°U Wor^-
 ^ WOTCOMPANY Limited
 non fcJldg.. Toronto, Ont.

OREIECT
Your NOSE

                 Improve your appearance with the
                 ANITA Nose Adjuster. Shapes flesh
                 and cartilage—quickly, safely and
                 painlessly, while you sleep. Results
                 are lasting. Doctors praiso it 68.000
                 users. Write for 90-Day Trial Offer
                 and FREE BOOKLET.

 ANITA INSTITUTE, 449 Anita Bldg., Newark, N. J.

QUIT TOBACCO

  Don’t try to banish unaided tho hold to-
  bacco has upon you. Thousands of Invet-
  erate tobacco unera bare, with the aid of the
  Kecley Treatment, found ft easy to quit.

 KEELEY TREATMENT FOR
 TOBACCO HABIT

  foe tobacco. Successful for over SO yaara. Write

THE KEELEY INSTITUTE. Dept* €.*602,

Home of the faroooa Koeley Treatment for LJaoor and Drora.
Booklet Beat on Reggaet. Correepondence Strictly Confidential.

 Good yonr name •

 formation and viti
 you at home. In J

 f ascinatin* tnialneoa. Practical work. No text book*. Old estab-
 lished schooL Soeceagfol gradaiUa everywhere. Just the plan yon
 have alwaya wanted. Wrtto today. No obligation.

PACE-DAVIS SCHOOL OF ADVERTiSiNQ

Dopt. 1424, 3601 Michigan Avo., * Chio»*«, U.S. A.

I CHALLENGE

 you that I will teach you, by mall, in one lesson, the
 simplest, shortest method. All for $1.00. Not telepathy.
 You can read one's mind to a dot. by only looking in the
 eyes of partner, chum, sweetheart, etc. Pralsod by New
 York, Boston, Montreal Police chiefs; colleges; Thurston;
 Blackstone, etc. If fake. let them arrest me.

A. HONIGMAN, Dept. Amaz.-X

 Sta. E. P. 0. B. 85	Montreal. Can.

  Sport Plane Blueprints
  Available at Nominal Cost

  *3 Complete Set of Blueprints
  of Lincoln Sport Plane,
  $6.75.

  *1 Gerber Monoplane—set of
  Blueprints, $1.00.

  Send Orders to Blueprint Dept.

Science and Invention
381 Fourth Avenue
New York City
April, 1930

AMAZING STORIES

91

 earth’s rotation and planetary velocity. As it
 rises, it cannot gain more \*clocity, but as it gains
 in distance it will have to have a higher velocity to
 stay in the same radial line. Instead, the deserting
 air column would pass westward, and once clear of
 the screen, would be pulled down by gravity again.

    Then if “Prof. Olsen” is right in saying grav-
 ity is an electromagnetic wave, it would close
 again behind the screen, as all waves do.

   What effect would wave length have on this
 theory ?

    For interstellar rockets some means of locating
 and avoiding small dark bodies in space would be
 necessary. When the Mars Express leaves Man-
 hattan Transfer far behind and begins to get up
 the terrific bullet velocity necessary to make the
 35,000,000-mile trip in a month, it would spell
 disaster if even a small, slow-moving rock got in
 its way. A meteorite would be forced by its inertia
 to go from one end to the other, leaving several
 sizable holes at least.

    Most meteorites arc composed of iron and nickel,
 both magnetic metals. So some loeater using mag-
 netic or electrical means could spot them out. A
 delicate radio circuit might locate them by their
 capacity and its effect on the circuit.

    Space is fairly empty, but it would only take one
 collision to stop the rocket. Your magazine is O. K.

         S. P. Khotimlansky, Washington, D. C.

   (We agree with you that if a space ship en-
 countered a meteor, while it was going at the speed,
 which we have to assume that such a vessel would
 have, the consequences would be very sad. It would
 be like Stevenson’s cow on the railroad track. He
 was asked in the early days of railroading what
 would happen if a cow got on the track in front of
 the engine, whereupon he said, “It would be very
 bad for the cow.” The fact that meteorites are so
 often metallic in nature, and the other fact of the
 specific gravity of the earth being so high, lead to
 a probability that the center of the earth is largely
 metallic iron and nickel, so that the earth repre-
 sents in a sense a great meteorite, with a thin crust
 covering it.—Editor.)

THE GRAVITY SCREEN AGAIN

 Editor, Amazing Stories:

    Although I have been a consistent reader of
 your publications since the days of the Electrical
 Experimenter, I have never written you. Of late
 years there are but few magazines that I find
 time to read, but I have not missed an issue of
 Amazing Stories, since it was first placed on
 the newsstands and I hope to enjoy it for many
 years to come. I will not attempt to name the
 authors or stories that I like best, as it would
 consume too much space, but I am glad you have
 stopped giving so much space to reprints, especially
 such stories as those of Jules Verne who, although
 a great author, is now decidedly out of date.

    Now, just a word in criticism of Capt. S. P.
  Meek’s story in the September issue. He states

 *-if a gravity screen were perfected—such a

  screen would rapidly exhaust all atmosphere from
  the earth.” While it is true that a terrific up-
  draft of air would be created as the screen rose, it
  would spread due to less pressure on the sides;
  also, the screen, unless covering thousands of
  miles of space, would not screen gravity to any
  groat distance above it on account of the pull of
  the earth to either side of the screen.

                       C. A. Showman,

                   14713 Page Ave., Harvey, 111.
  (By inserting your very interesting letter in the
  “Discussions Column” we think that we will bring
  it to the attention of Captain Meek. As we figure
  it, a gravity screen rising might have the effect
  of producing a sort of vacuum beneath it, which
  would in that case hold the air and not permit it
  to escape, the air rushing in to fill up the vacuous
  space generated by the motion of the screen through
  the atmosphere; but the whole thing is largely a
  phantasy because it still seems very doubtful if a
  real gravity screen in the true sense of the word
  will ever be evolved by mankind.—Editor.)

  ONE WHO CALLS HIMSELF “A MERE
BOY,” WRITES AN EXCELLENT
AND CRITICAL LETTER
Editor, Amazing Stories:

   For quite a long time—about a year to be
 exact—I wanted to tell you what I thought about
 your magazine. Though I am only a mere boy,
 a “very” mere boy, I feel it my duty to inform
 you of your danger.

   In the good old days when the Amazing Stories
 was still young I borrowed my first copy. The
 most interesting story in that first issue, and all
 subsequent issues too, was “The Moon Pool.”
 Why don't we see more of A. Merritt? Has he
 stopped writing or has he died?

  There arc many 6tories that I liked in

Name This
House

We Will Pay $500.00 Cash
For the Most Suitable
Name For This BeautiSul
Six-Room House

*500-

en en:

                ANY NAME

                              may win. Offer

                                      open to everybody.
                                      Nothing to bay or
                                      sell. No Obligation.

                                              This is a new Colonial
 Bungalow — cozy, con-
 venient — yet a roomy
 house. It is meeting with such popularity that we are desirous pf ob-
 taining a suitable name for it for use in connection with our building
 program, and will pay 5500.00 cash for the most suitable name Sug-
 gested. There are no ntrinps tied to this offer. Sending us a name for this house
 does not obligate you in any way. Nothing to buy or sen. We merely want a suit-
 able name and are willing: to pay $500.00 in oash for the beet one sent in. Surely
 you can think of an appropriate name for such a beautiful home. Do not use more
 than two words. Any word or words may be used or any combination of words,
 such as Ridgelawn, Shadynook, Hearthome or names like Sunshine Inn, Journey's
 End, etc. No matter how simple your suggestion is, you cannot afford to neglect
 Bending it in at once. Any name may win. PoBsibly you may have the most suit-
 able name right on the end of yonr tongue this minute. If you have, send it in at
 once, and $500.00 in cash is yours.

FOLLOW THESE RULES ThiVffer >’ ??cn„to everyone excepting

*	members of this firm, ifci employees and

 relatives. Each participant may send only one name. Sending two or more
 names will cause all names submitted by that person to be thrown out. Contest
 closes June 28th, 1930. Should two or more persona submit an equally suitable
 name for this house, the full amount of the prize offered will be paid to each one
 so tying. To win the $100.00 CASH PROMPTNESS PRIZE, the winning name
 must be mailed within three (3) days after this announcement is read. This $100.00
 CASH PROMPTNESS PRIZE will be added to the $500.00 prize and paid to each
 one submitting the winning name, provided suggestion is mailed within three (3)
 days after this announcement is read. See coupon—act quick 1

SIOO OO EXTRA FOR
PROMPTNESS

 We want the name for this house
 quickly, and are going to pay the
 winner an extra $100.00 cash just
 for promptness—or a total of
 $600.00 in all. See coupon below.
 Send your suggestion today!

 1711 17171 appreciation of your
 * *»***-*• suggesting a name for
 this house real quickly, we will
 send you FREE and POSTPAID,
 the floor. plans and blue print of
 this beautiful house. Understand,
 this does not obligate you in any
 way. Fill out and mail the coupon
 TODAY—QUICK!

 HOME BUILDERS* SOCIETY
 1064 Lincoln Way, Batavia, Illinois

  Enclosed with this coupon on separate!
  sheet is my suggestion for a name.

Date this offer was read_________________j

I

 Date my suggestion is mailed_____________1

My Name_____________________________

 Address
 Town „

 State —

RVz Price

World’s

         — beat m»k«8-
 mg v	ITnd8rw~»d. RominRton.

^--tfsfcstsraeswsr

. SEND NO MONET!

AIli.tamorf'M.comDlot.lTr.boilt

      J no monoy—bi*
■it ahowa actual mac a Iona
a. Got oar direct-to-you ■

FrM

Trial

       _ ra]ao*-ecad at one*.

 International Typewriter Excb., S3..w42i?BSScJfe

LEARN TELEGRAPHY

 Be aa expert Morse WITH
 or Continental cotfo
 operator I BIG PAY— TELEPLEX
 TRAVEL — FUN —

 ADVENTURE. After a few short
 week* of practical study with Telc-
 plex you will be an expert operator.

 This amazing instrument teaches
 you right in your own home. Works
 automatically. No knowledge needed
 —beginners learn at once! NOT A
 SCHOOL. Free 10 days’ trial.

 Write for FREE booklet Q-ll.
 TELEPLEX 00., 72 Cortlaodt Streot,

New York City

Study at home

   Legally trained men win high positions and big
  success in business and public life. Be independ-
  ent. Greater opportunities now than ever before.
  Bifj corporations are headed by men with legal
  training.

   We guide you step by Btep. You can train at home

 during spare time. Degree of IX. B. conferred.
 LaSalle students found among practicing attorney*
 of every state. We furnish all text material, includ-
 ing fourteen-volume Law Library. Low cost, easy
 terms. Get our valuable 64-page "Law Guide"
 and 'Evidence” books free. Send fo

                                                              lence" books free. Send for them NOW.

 LaSalle Extension University Business Training Institution Dept. 4464-LCliicago, 111
92

AMAZING STORIES

April, 1930

m

MENGINEERING

 I I BOOKS SENT FREE I J
 New Edition Containing 100 Pages on

A-C RADIO!

§ FLEXIBLE

   MAROON

VOLUMES

     issrij. ':s

lrVrF£

 ?X®r3r . ?ubJoct i:

                          We'ro glad to 6end a set to your
                          homo to examine and use as your
                          own for 10 days—to show you
                          that here is tho most up-to-date
                          pnd oomplete work on Electricity
                          ever published. Written by
                          CROCKER of Columbia U.—
                          MILLIKAN of Calif. ,,Tech."
                          —HARRISON of General Eleo-
                          trlc and 26 other noted Electrical
                          Engineers. 8tarts of! with ele-
                          mentary Electricity In simple,
                          non-technical language for tho
                          beginner and includes ovory
                          Engineering branch for use oi
                          experts on tho job.

 Complete Electrical Reading Course

 Elootriclty, the biggest Industry In the world. continues
 to grow tho moat rapidly. Ana It oilers bettor Jobs,
 bigger salaries and a brighter future than any other
 Held. Bren/ Hollar, evert/ hour forested <n learning Eleo-
 trlctlv toiU come tmct to you a thousand-fold. Learn In
 spare time with thoao books »t oat-fifth tho cost of trade
 couraos. Outline for organized
 study, qulx-qucstlons and a
 year's free consulting member-
 ship in the American Techni-
 cal Society included icUhout extra
 cost, If you mall coupon Imme-
 diately.

AMERICAN TECHNICAL
SOCIETY
D.pt. E-«S
Drawl A»e.8i SStfTSt., Chicago

 Look it up!

   Thousands of

   are Used —

  FEREN C IS

   . ks by men em-
   ployoa in eUvotrical.
   buildinsr const ruction

tho answers to 20,000
Questions ri^ht ut
your finger tips.

■uaaaBRM«aaaMira«x ■»■■■■■■■■■■■!

American Technical Society

 'Dapt. E-425 Drtxel Ave. & 58th St., Chicago

Pleaae aond for 10 dnya' fr«« trial 8-voIumo act of Electrical
EngineeriuH: just off tho press, subject to return lf^l wish to.
<1 pay thelewec '	.....-- --

 w centa express cha
 pay express if rotumod.) If I

 pay 82.00 after 10 days tnol. th»
 special advertising: price. is pa ic
 my property. Year a Consulting
 froo.

  os on receipt of,books, you
  ido to keop them,_I wul

  .) If I decide to koop the in, I wul
  nal, then $3.00 a month until 834.80,
  , is paid, after which books become
  naulting Membership to be included

Jfame.............

Address...........

 X9mj>lov*d bv.......

 Smploter'a Address,

TRAVEL

  l»r “Uncle

   _ Snr
_ , Bandit Proof
Railway Mall Car

Railway Postal Clerk

$1900 to $2700 a Year

  Many Other Cov.rnment Jobs

  . Franklin Inititute
  ' Dost. G-178, Rochester, N. Y.

  Steady Work
  Paid Vacations

without rh»rr«

 usually	OWK wivaunoi U.S. GoTa’nmaat

  Sufficient cPhovuV dutfe#!' raefttloa* and *ull partiouUr^oo
  wall coupon / how to C»t a job.

SU8Q Name....................................

Address,....................................

 Amazing Stories. Most of them are from long
 ago. Here they arc: “The Moon Pool," “The
 Land that Time Forgot/’ “The Second Deluge,”
 “The Master Mind of Mars,’* “The Nth Man,”
 “The Skylark of Space," and “The Vanguard of
 Venus.” All these stories had a scientific back-
 ground. A word about this scientific background.

    During the last few months Amazing Stories
 has been degenerating into a magazine with a
 scientific foreground and a fiction background.

    David Keller, M.D., appeals to me particularly,
  although his stories arc not of the action variety.
  I did not mention any of Keller’s works in the list
  I gave because they make up a list by themselves.

    Wesso is as good a substitute for Paul as one
  might wish. Most of his drawings are on a par
  with those of Paul. Tell Wesso to keep up the
  good work.

    If I sec any of Merritt, Cummings or Burroughs
  in the forthcoming issues, I will take it as a
  personal favor to me and my friends.

                          M. Joseph Dickes,

                                    (Address lost)

    (Amazing Stories is supposed to be a maga-
 zine of scientific foreground and it is .supposed to
 contain fiction stories with scientific backgrounds,
 so what is there to complain about in that regard?
 Dr. Keller is a very fine writer and he has the
 art of bringing a strong human element into the
 stories, and with it a touch of humor which is
 very advantageous and which gives them the
 real interest and grip upon the heart of the
 readers. We are sure you are going to Hke our
 art work after this. We have several excellent
 artists and everyone must agree that the figures—
 the pictures of the charactcrs when shown in these
 drawings—are superior to any that were given
 in the earlier issues of Amazing Stories. Part
 of our work—and a very important part—has been
 by trial and sad experience to find really adequate
 artists to illustrate the text of the magazine.—
 Editor.)

A DEVOTED YOUNG READER GIVES
HIS VIEWS

 Editor, Amazing Stories:

    I have long wanted to write to you, but have
  not been able to write until now. I have been
  reading your Amazing Stories since I was 10
  years old and am now 14 years and have found
  this magazine the best in Scientifiction, in illus-
  trations, and in poetry. I have written to you
  today to tell you the kinds of stories, authors,
  and illustrations I like. First of all I like A.
  Hyatt Verrill, David H. Keller and Harl Vincent
  best of all for their stories which combine every-
  thing—mystery, romance and thrills, action and
  adventure. The stories I have liked best, so far,
  are "Into the Green Prism" and its sequel, “Be-
  yond the Green Prism,” which has just started.
  “The Secret Kingdom” was good, but not as
  good as “The Skylark of Space," which I have
  read four times since it was published. “Memos,”
  by Henry Janies, also was a good story. Now
  that I have told you some of the stories I have
  liked I will tell you some of the stories I have
  hated. “The Revolt of the Pedestrians,” was
  good, but it could never happen, some people
  might lose the use of their legs, but not all the
  world.

    In the illustration there are hardly any auto-
  mobiles on the street and if you say that the
  automobiles are on the lower level, how could
  the people have gotten out of their cars and
  walked up to the higher level when they did not
  have any legs. This shows the story to be im-
  possible.

    The letter of the twenty-fourth century should
  never have been published as it is not an amazing
  story at all, but a plain letter which describes
  nothing that will happen, but rather describes
  topics that we have right now, such as the radio,
  the telephone, the airplane and so forth. Now
  as to the illustrations, I think that Paul and Wesso
  ought to combinc on each picture as one has got
  the qualities that the other hasn't. As I haven't
  any more time I am closing my letter.

                    Nathan Kaminsky,

                             26 Jefferson Street,

                           New York City
 (We arc always delighted to get letters from
 our younger readers although one of the attributes
 of youth is to criticize very severely. One’s views
 get softened by the passage of years, but in this
 letter our correspondent treats us rather well.
 As regards combining artists, our experience is
 that they are rather a sensitive set of human beings
 and would resist any such combination as you
 suggest. In conclusion as you have been reading
 Amazing Stories since you were ten years old
 and like it so much, we hope that you will stay with
 us for many another long year.—Editor.)

WouM»?t
You Like to
Have Your
Own
Business?

   'T'O HAVE an extra, inde-
   pendent income? To-work
   whenever it suits your conve-
   nience? Make a host of new
   friends and gain valuable ex-
   perience from contact with
   other people? Have money
   to buy the 101 things you’ve
   always wanted but felt you
   couldn’t afford? Know tho
   happiness that comes from
   doing something really worth
   while?

   Then our easy money-making
   plan offers a splendid oppor-
   tunity to gratify your desires.
   Hundreds of men and women,
   young and old, 95% of whom
   were inexperienced beginners
   when they started, are earn-
   ing substantial profits. You
   can also. All you need is a
   few spare hours to take care
   of the new and renewal sub-
   scriptions for Science and In-
   vention, Screen Book, Radio
   News, Aero Mechanics, Plain
   Talk and our other maga-
   zines.

IMMEDIATE

PROFITS

   You begin earning money at
   once—the very first hour you
   start. _ Besides liberal cash
   commissions, you also re-
   ceive monthly bonus checks.

   If you feel at all interested
   send the coupon below. It
   costs only a two-cent stamp,
   but may lead to a substantial
   income. We’re so sure you
   will succeed that we supply
   everything you need free of
   charge. Every day you delay
   is a money-making oppor-
   tunity lost, so

Mail This Coupon Now!

 The Mackinnon-Fly Publication!,
 2104 W

 381 Fourth Ave., New York, N. Y.

  Without obligation to me, please send me
  full details of your easy money-making plan.

NAME ................................

STREET ..............................

CITY .................STATS ........
April, 1930

AMAZING STORIES

93

Be The Man Behind The Camera

BiGPAY

lllillliim
worn

$60 to $250 and more a week—that’s the
salary of a motion picture cameraman, the C <.
most fascinating job in the world. Play a
major part in the production of the great
movies that thrill the country. Trained camera-
men are in great demand—not a foot of film can
be made without them. One of these enjoyable,
lucrative positions, a position that offers big pay
and future unlimited, can be yours—easily—quickly!

Easily Learned This New Way

Now, right at home in your spare time, you can quickly qualify for a well-paid posi-
tion as a skilled Motion Picture Cameraman. You learn everything there is to
know about motion picture photography—from
short newsreels to great feature pictures.

In an amazingly short time you will i
yourself ready to step into a high-
salaried position—capable of go-
j&ing out “on iocation" and taking
~ every kind of moving picture.

Send for Big Free Book

                        Write today for your copy
                       of our FRLE book, which
                       Kives full particulars about
                       the ever growing field of pho-
                       tography—motion picture pro-
                       jection and photography, still
                       photography and photo-finish-
                       ing—and shows flow you can
                       quickly qualify for a well-paid
                       position.

YOUR SUCCESS COUPON

• m m w m 9 m

N. Y. Institute of Photography.

Dept. K-912. 2 West 33rd St..

New York. N. Y.

Without cost or obligation send mo a
copy of your FREE Book and details
about how I can qualify a3:

□	Motion Pleture Cameraman

□	Commercial Photographer

□	Motion Pleture Projectionist

□	Photo-Finisher

N'arne ................................

Addres3 ..............................

THE CORRECT DEFINITION OF
TIME-TRAVELING

Editor, Amazing Stories:

   I am writing to the Discussions in order to dis^
cuss with you the probability of time-traveling.

  It has been done. It is being done. We are
traveling into the future at every second. But
real time-traveling is to either go backwards, not
forward in time, or to accelerate our rate of
traveling forward.

  Both of these have been done. Here’s how: If
you were to go on a ship, and travel to Europe,
you would gain a few hours. Travelers to Europe
have to turn their watches ahead about five hours
for the ocean trip—actual proof that they have
gained a few hours. If you were to go around the
world, from west to cast, you would gain a day.
(Jules Verne’s book, “Around the World in Eighty
Days.")

  If you were to go around the world from east
to west you would lose a day. But how could this
be possible, if all the while, you are traveling for-
ward in time? In order to lose a day, you would
have to travel backwards in time, not forward, as
we are constantly doing. Simply, it cannot be
passible to travel both bacHvards and forwards
at the same time along time. Yet, the fact re-
mains, that it may be possible to do so. But how?
Isn't there an explanation for this? Apparently
not.

   Let us assume that time is the fourth dimension,
as many of your writers have it. If we travel in
time, either backwards or forwards, we are still
traveling in three dimensions. Therefore, the
fourth dimension is contained in the three dimen.
sions! But if that is so, then three dimensions are
contained in two I And two in onel And one,
in-—what? Nothing 1 Impossibilities! But any-
way, something of this is true. The first part, at
least. And how do you explain that?

In closing, I will say that the best fourth-
dimensional story I ever read is “Paradox" by

Cl0ukcj'-	M. Miller,

14S9 Southern Blvd., Bronx, N. Y.

  (Owing to the difference of time, if you go
around the world in one direction you are said to
lose a day, or in another direction to gain a day.
This merely means that the day in one direction
of travel is shorter than the true day, shorter than
when we travel in the other direction, and vice
versa. There is 110 real gain or loss, cxcept in
this numerical number of days. A good illustra-
tion is that if you go across the ocean in a modern
high sliced steamship in one direction—going
east—each day is about 23 hours in length.
Coming in the other direction—to the west—each
day is about 25 hours in length. But th3t merely
refers to the alternation of light and darkness, of
sunlight and night. Your watch will show the
same number of hours. Edgar A. Poe has written
a very amusing story on this theory, based on
three Wednesdays in a week. You will find a
story elaborating this theme in a somewhat early
number of Amazing Stories.—Editor.)

A LETTER OF COMMENDATION—
NO BRICKBATS

Editor, Amazing Stories:

  I would like to say a little about what I have
read in the December issue of Amazing Stories.
When I finished reading "The Twenty-First
Century Limited," I considered it one of the best
interplanetary stories I have read for some time.
I had the feeling that I was a person living in
2028 and reading it as a present day fiction story.

   I also read the last installment of “The Secret
Kingdom," but consider it out of place in Amazing
Stories. It was a good story in its place and held
interest to the last.

  Let's have Paul Slaekta write a sequel to his
story about the proposed trip to Mar3 with Rayaud
Dana and have it just as interesting.

  P.S.—By all means keep Wesso and Morey as
illustrators.	Junior Harbaugh,

                    1104 Virginia Avenue,
                        Hagerstown, Maryland

  (There certainly was a great deal of vigor and
life in the story "The 21st Century Limited" and
we shall hope to get more, perhaps equally good,
stories from the same author. You will find that
much of our art work is being done by Wesso and
Morey and these we consider exceptionally good
artists and their figure work, the presentation of
the characters of the story, so far has been par-
ticularly good. We can assure you that the editors
are the severest critics that our artists have and
we can only say that they stand our scolding
rather well.—Editor.)

■"■■■ Don’t Fall to Read! ■■■■■

 THE PLANT REVOLT
by Edmond Hamilton
In th. April Issue of—

  Weird Tales

          VheVnioueJHagazxm '

Ilere Is an utterly strange and fascinating novelette
written by a master of the scientlflctlon typo of
story. On a mountain-top in Pennsylvania wag
created a horror that set the whole vegetable king-
dom in wild revolt against man. A terrible, blood-
freezing weird-sclentlflc story about a frightful
menace caused by the release of a new kind of ray
with an incredible cffoct on plant-lifo. Thin is only
one of the many powerful stories in the April issue.
On sale at leading news-stands March 1st. or mail
25c to WEIRD TALES, 840 N. Michigan Ave..
Chicago. III.

BANKRUPT RADIO STOCKS

        Fully Guaranteed
ABC Power Packs, 250 V. of B. Also has A. C.
rtlamcnt (or ud lo 9 lube sots. Can be mod as
B eliminator. Make your battery set all electric
or build j-our new A. C. set around this pack.

Completely aasombled ......................j 8.75

7 Tube A. G. sets.......................... 24.50

Short Wave Seta, one tube, completo with 5

coils. 30 to 550 meters ..................... 6.45

12 Mfd. Condenser Blocks. 1000 volts......... 4.75

A. C. 600 V. Power, Filament & Double Choke

Pack ...................................... 6.00

 For one 281. ono 250, one 227 and four 226 tubes
 Tubes UX type Guaranteed No. 210. $2.25: No. 250,
 $2.35; No. 281. $1.85: No. 280, 95c; No. 245, $1.25;
 No. 224. $1.65; No. 227, 75c; No. 226, 65c; No. 171.
 75c; No. 190. 95c.

CHAS. HOODWIN CO.

4240 Lincoln Ave., Dept. D-3, Chicago, 111.
Dealers in Bankrupt Radio Stocks
94

AMAZING STORIES

April, 1930

OPPORTUNITY AD-LETS

These columns will appear monthly in Amazing Stories

Kate—Eight cents a word. Cash should accompany all advertisements unless placed by an
accredited advertising agency. Advertisements for less than 10 words not accepted.
EXPERIMENTER PUBLICATIONS, Inc., 381 Fourth Ave., New York City

AGENTS WANTED	MALE HELP WANTED

 YOU ARE WANTED TO RESILVER
MIRRORS AT HOME. Immense profits plating
autoparts, tableware, etc. Write for information.
SPRINKLE, Plater, 815 Marion, Indiana.

  IF YOU WANT to get your groceries and
household supplies at wholesale, ana a wonderful
chance to make $15 profit a day besides, send me
your name immediately. No experience necessary.
New Ford Sedan free to production. ALBERT
MILLS 4947 Monmouth, Cincinnati, O.

  BIG MONEY AND FAST SALES. EVERY
OWNER buys Gold Initials for his auto. You
charge $1.50; make $1.35. Ten orders daily easy.
VYrite for particulars and free sample. American
Monogram Co., Dept. 333, East Orange, N. J.

BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES

  Amateur Cartoonist. Sell your cartoon. New
plan. Smith’s Service, Exll94 Wenatchee, Wash.

  FREE BOOK. Start Little Mail Order Busi-
ness. Hadwil, 5a-74 Cortlandt Street, N. Y.

CORRESPONDENCE COURSES

Used Correspondence School courses sold on re-

Surchase basis. Also rented and exchanged,
loney-back guarantee. Catalog free. (Courses
bought.) Lee Mountain, Pisgah, Alabama.

DETECTIVES

  Detectives. Work home or travel. Experience
unnecessary. Particulars free. Write George
Wagner, 2190 Broadway, N. Y.

HELP WANTED—INSTRUCTION

  Wanted Immediately, Men—Women, 18-55, qual-
ify at once for Permanent Government Positions
$105-$25O month; experience not required; vaca-
tions with full pay; common education. Write,
Instruction Bureau, 271, St. Louis, Mo., today.

HOW TO ENTERTAIN

  Plays, musical comedics and revues, minstrels,
comedy and talking songs, blackface skits, vaude-
ville acts, monologs, dialogs, recitations, entertain-
ments, juvenile plays and songs, musical readings,
make-up goods. Catalog free. T. S. Denison &
Co., 623 So. Wabash. Dept. 20, Chicago.

 STEAMSHIP POSITIONS—Men-Women—
Good Pay; experience unnecessary. List of po-
sitions tree. W. E. Arculus, Mount Vemon, N. Y.

MISCELLANEOUS

  Agents, Canvassers, Salesmen, Merchants, etc.,
who are seeking direct contact with manufacturers
for live propositions; 100% satisfaction guaran-
teed; send me 25c (coin or stamps) for one pound
of direct contact literature of over 200 unexcelled
offers. Ted Armour, 136 East 28th Street, New
York, N. Y.

  BOYS—1930-Rocket-Plane-Kit—75c. Helicopter
Kit—60c. R. O. G. Kit—35c. The 3 Kits—$1.50.
Modern Miniature Aircraft Co., Auburn, Mass.

OLD MONEY WANTED

  Old Money Wanted. Will pay Fifty Dollars
for nickel of 1913 with Liberty head. (No Buf-
falo.) We pay cash premiums for all rare coins.
Send 4c for Large Com Folder. May mean much
profit to you. Numismatic Co., Dept. 151, Ft.
Worth, Tex.

PERSONAL

  Let me read your character from your hand-
writing. Sample reading 12c. Refunded if dis-
satisfied. Graphologist, 2309-L.G., Lawrence,
Toledo, O.

PRINTING OUTFITS AND SUPPLIES

  PRINT your own cards, stationery, circulars,
advertising, etc. Junior Press $5.90, job presses,
$11, rotary $149. Print for others; big profit.
Easy rules furnished. Write for catalog presses,
type, paper, etc. Kelsey Company, Q-67, Meriden,
Conn.

SONGWRITERS

  Songwriters—substantial advance royalties are
paid on publisher’s acceptance. New Booklet,
'Song Requirements of Talking Pictures,” sent
free. Newcomer Associates, 793 Earl Bldg.,
New York.

SUGGESTIONS FOR A STORY SUPPOSED
TO BE TOLD BY A SATURNIAN

Editor, Amazing Stories:

   Permit me to say that the January number is as
good as any two previous which I have read.
"When the Atoms Failed” was especially good, as
was the second on the list I enclose.

   The “Addenda” of the second story, however,
were better omitted. It is accurate enough to
make trouble for the policc, who have too much
as is. The story as a story was good, however.

  In Campbell’s story there was one rather
comical slip that did not show up until my
fourth reading. If Waterson’s "Terrestrian”
could reflect heat rays, how was the sun able to
overheat it, heat alone being considered? This
docs not injure the story, in my estimation.

  Some may consider the "super-integraph” of
this story impossible. Personally, I do not, be-
cause “tho aquawky talkies” and radio television,
much less possible even from a Spencerian science
viewpoint, and wholly so from a mechanist-de-
terminlst viewpoint, are yet accomplished facts.
This conceded, “Bartholomew” at once is included
in the possibilities of science, with all the powers
attributed in the story. And, the man who builds
and uses the “super-integraph” is the destined
Arbiter of Earth, willingly or no.

   Why not get someone to write a tale of electro-
mechanical astro-projection—a perfectly possible
thing. Also, a story by, let us say, a Saturnian,
relating the first visit by “Terrestrians.” The non-
human viewpoint might be a difficulty, however.

                            Leon Partridge,

Box S4, Cornish, Me.

   (It is very hard for the editors who do so
much work on each iss\ie of the magazine, to
state definitely that they consider one number far
superior to the other. Comments of the nature
oi the one you give are not only agreeable—per-
haps a little too flattering—but they aro Instructive,
It is essential to get the opinion of outsiders on a
magazine. All we can do is to pick out good
stories and try to give them in an intelligent way,
so as to avoid repetition of the same topic In the
same issue and to get a proper distribution of length
of stories, that is to say, to give a proper number
of stories in each issue. Your suggestion about
Saturn is a very good one. Just imagine what
that planet would supply in the way of a view of
the sky with the great rings surrounding it at so
short a distance from its surface, like a multitude
of moons. Saturn is so large and the rings are
so close that their velocity of rotation is very
high and the prospect it would afford would seem
to be very superb. We especially like criticisms
from our young readers.—Editor.)

A FRIENDLY LETTER FROM
A YOUNG READER

Editor, Amazing Stories:

   Although this is my first attempt at writing you
I feel free to express my opinion of your stories
and the letters criticizing them also.

   Your magazine, taken as a whole, is the best on
the stands today without exception. I have been
reading it since I first saw it about two and a half
years ago. The Interplanetary stories are wonder-
ful and I look for them in every issue. Let's have
some more like “The Skylark of Space.” The
Fourth Dimensional stories are next, “Microcosmic
Buccaneers” being especially good. Among the
other stories high in my estimation are: “The Di-
mension Segregator,” “The Last Man,” “Futil-
ity,” “Armageddon-2419” and its sequel “Airloads
of Han,” “The Superperfect Bride” and “The
Purple Death.”

   And now the criticism of your criticizers. First,
there are no perfect humans. We have to allow
for certain mistakes of our authors and try to
profit by them.

   Second, if there were no so-called impossibilities
in the stories, would they be nearly so Interesting ?
The things that are now considered impossible will
probably be common events a few years in the
future. Twenty-five years ago it was considered
impossible for a man to fly in a heavier-than-air
machine.

   In reference to propulsion by rockets in inter-
planetary travel, Supposing that a rocket’s
motor would not propel an air vessel through a
vacuum. Have we proof that space outside of the
atmosphere of the earth is a vacuum? Scientists
call it “Ether,” because they do not know what it
is. (Correct me if I am wrong in this state-
ment.) Most people consider space a vacuum for
the same reason, they do not know what it is.

  In the November issue, which I have just
finished, Ronald Scribner’s letter gives me a good
deal to think about. In one place he says, if we
were to travel faster than the speed of light, that

ISO RADIO HOOK-UPS

      All the newest hook-ups described with complete
      diagrams. Every radio fan and set-owner should
      have a copy for ready reference. Includes crystal
      circuits, single-circuit detectors, audio and RF ampli-
      fier cirouits, superheterodynes and numerous AC and
      DC receiver circuits. 64 pages, with beau-
      tiful colored cover. Price only............<«a

Order today from	J —'

    EXPERIMENTER PUBLICATIONS, Inc.

Dept. 2104	381 Fourth Avenue	New York, N. Y.

Win&5002W

          *•" «0,ni: l» over $7160.00 In prizes,
irles Honflinu. between 60 and 70 years old. won *1245.00
“St oner; Joo Hansllek, 15 yoara old. n-on S900.00; Mrs.

Charles Henflintr. between

to hut offer; Joo Hanslid . . ___ ____________

V. H. Zllcr won $1800.00. Yoa can win 13500.00 now.

 CAN YOU FIND THE TWINS?

•* i	Don't make a mistake! It's not as easy os

It looks becauso two, and only two. of the seven pictures are
exactly alike. Find them—mark them—or send numbers on
post card or letter. Over 25 prizes this time, and dunlicato
prizes in caso or ties! 8end no money. Anyone who an-
swers correctly may receive prizes or caBh. You can bava
cash or Waco alrplano, or automobile, or new home. If cor-
rect you will be qualifiod for this opportunity.

 $625.00 Extra For Promptness

—making total prize you can win $3500.00. Find twin
Cyera and send answer today. First prize winner geU
8825.00 cash just for promptness. Bush.

«w„,
April, 1930

AMAZING STORIES

95

Sent for Only $19®

BoyB! Here’a the crest Navy model Airship. Larfre
6-foot air bag with inflatora, parachute with auto-

WaM» money taking pioturos. Prepare quickly during
■para ttma. Alao corn whilo you learn. No oxporleneo
naoaasary. Now aaay method. Nothing olie like It.
Sand at once for free book. Opportunitya in Mottorm
Photography, and full particulars.

« . ^§8*CAN SCHOOL OF PHOTOGRAPHY

l>apt. 1424 a601 Mkshlcan Ave.	Chki|O,U.0.U

GOV T.POSITIONS

$35 TO $ 75 WEEKLY

  ) Railway Ma

  ) P. O. Clerk

  ) P. O. Laborer

  ) Fflo Clerk
  Matron
  General Clerk
  Cbauffeqr-C6rriei
  Skilled Laborer
  Watchman
  Postmaster
  RFD Carrier

 Clerk ( ) 1

 I ) Special Ag ,
    (Customs Insp.)
    Steno-Typist
    Immigrant Insp. 1
    City fiail Carrier |
    Border Patrol
    Typist
    Seamstress
    Steno-Secretary ]
    Auditor

  (Instruction Bureau, 141 St. Loult, Mo.
  Sood me oartlculara about poeltion* marked **X'*— ,
  ealarioa. locations. opportunitioa, "Uow to Qualify”, ;
  etc.

Name..........-—.......................................i

 I Addreaa	..................................................... I

 GEARS

 In stock—immediate delivery

  Gears, speed reducers, sprockets,
  thrust bearings, flexible couplings,
  pulleys, etc. A complete line is
  carried in our Chicago stock. Can
  also quote on special gears of any
  kind. Send us your blue-prlnts and
  inquiries.

     Write for Catalog No. 40
  CHICAGO GEAR WORKS
  769-773 W. Jackson Bird., Chicago, 11L

Write for Information About ttu NEW

H-F-L MASTERTONE

Laboratory-Made Receiver

The year’s outstanding Radio Achievement

      HIGH FREQUENCY LABORATORIES
      28 N. Sheldon St., D.pt. 25. Chlcajo, III.

 MAKE BIG MONEY!

  Just out. Lights gas Instantly with- 1
  out sparks or flame. Sells like wildfire
  wherever gas Is used. Retails for 25c. >

 MYSTERY GAS LIGHTER j

 Packed on individual cards with	,

 I instructions. Sample. 5c; rush $8.00 peri
 I Gross or $1.00 per Dozen. NEW METHOD I
 \ MFG. CO.. Desk AS-4, Bradford, Pa.	*

 Learn at Home
  —by Mail 5

Quickly! Eastly!

    Newl Different! Dr. Harlan Tarbell,
    Famous Magic Wizard, teaches you
    Big Tricks, Illusions, Stage Stunts,
    “Patter" and the Principles of Magic.
    You learn easily and quickly at home
    by mail. Earn $250 to $1000 a month.
    Write today for big details.

Astonish
Your Friends

   Gain that magnetic popularity that
   makes you the center of any crowd.
   Business and social success is assured
   the man who can perform mystifying
   tricks. You can earn big money either
   on the side or as a professional, as well
   as being the most popular person in
   your crowd. Why envy others’ skill?
   You can learn Magic yourself, quickly,
   easily—at home—by mail—during
   your spare time.

Earn *250
to ®looo a Month

    Dr. Harlan Tarbell, one of the really
    Great Magicians, has finally opened up
    the secrets of his profession in a com-
    pletely illustrated course offered at a
    merely nominal cost. The apparently
    superhuman doings of the accom-
    plished magician becomes as simple
    as ABC when you just know how.
    VtfS?<aa« ♦ ® Mail coupon now for
    VV IT	Z the free Magic litera-

   ..	_ , „ * ture telling all about

    tne great farbell Course in Magic. Get Our
    Low Prices and Easy Payment Plan.

   Tarbell System, Inc., Studio u.94
   *9*6 Sunny.ldc Avenue, Chisago, 111,

 i	Tarbell System, Eao., Studio u-94
         Sunny side Avenue, Cblcago, 111.

 *	Gontlemen: Without any obligation Bend me your
 5 and information all about your won-
 1 derful Tarbell Coarse in Mattie." Also tell me about
 B your Low Prices and Easy Payment Plan.

 H

g	Name------------------------------------------

B	Addrest---------------------------------

 I

*	—---------------------------------Ao»--------

 we would eventually see the Battle of Waterloo re-
 enacted but in the reverse order. Would you
 mind explaining that statement, Ronald?

    I have enjoyed this issue of your magazine more
 than any issue in a long time. I am 17 years old
 and am in High School where I took a Course in
 physics last year. It has changed my views of
 science very much. In closing, I will say that
 Amazing Stories is the magazine for people who,
 in any way, are interested in science. It imparts
 a greater understanding of science and gives a
 broad field to the imagination. These people who
 arc always finding some little point wrong in the
 stories—why don’t they quit complaining and let
 the rest of us enjoy the magazine?

                       C. L. Granger, Jr.,

       308 Commonwealth Ave., Charlotte, N. C.

    (With reference to your opening statement, we
 hope that your first attempt at writing to us will
 not be your last. You will not find many mistakes
 in our magazines. They are watched for most
 carefully, but as you say or imply, none of us are
 perfect, so there are bound to be some errors.
 Seeming impossibilities are perfectly in place in
 the stories. They certainly will make them inter-
 esting and as you say impossibilities become possi-
 bilities in the development of human science and
 intelligence. Not only would a rocket propel an
 air vessel through a vacuum, but the action of the
 rocket would be far better in a vacuum than in the
 air. Once the rocket got the airship going and
 lifted it out of the earth atmosphere into the
 vacuum of space, a minimum effort or very slight
 action would be required to keep it traveling in-
 definitely except for gravitation, because in the
 absence of air there would be nothing to stop it
 from going. The battle of Waterloo in a sense
 might be assumed to be visible if one could travel
 through space fast enough to catch up with the
 rays of light which left it in 1815 over a hundred
 years ago. But, owing to the distance which they
 would travel, these rays of light would diminish so
 in intensity that it is probable if we did the al-
 most absurd act of catching up with them, that
 they would be too weak to affect the human eye.

    We thank you for your expression of apprecia-
 tion for what we are doing.—Editor.)

BACK NUMBERS WANTED BV A
CORRESPONDENT

  Editor, Amazing Stories:

  I am writing to find out if you have any issues
  on hand containing “The Moon of Doom" and
  “When the Sleeper Wakes.” These two stories
  were in the first issue of Amazing Stories
  Quarterly.

  I would also like information regarding ‘‘Sta-
  tion X,” “The Moon Pool" and “Around the
  Universe.” These stories I believe were in the
  earlier issues of the monthly.

  Also I would like to know if you have any more
  Annuals. If so what is the price and what arc
  the stories in them.

  P-S.—I have read so much of these stories in
  your “Discussion” column in both the Quarterly
  and Monthly, that I am dying of suspense already.

                     Ernest Schilbersky,

                   25-68 Seventh Avenue,
                   Astoria, Long Island, N. Y.

    (The information you ask for you can obtain
 by addressing the Subscripition Dept., of Amazing
 Stories at this address, when you will receive an
 immediate answer. Many of our old copies are
 out of print but you will find among our corre-
 spondents in the “Discussion Columns” several
 who say that they have old copies for sale. The
 magazine has proved so popular that many of the
 early issues arc completely sold out. We are only
 sorry that we did not print more so as to take carc
 of the unanticipated demand.—Editor.)

 A SET OF AMAZING STORIES FOR SALE

 Editor, Amazing Stories:

  Kindly print this in your Discussions Column.
  I would appreciate it very much. I have a com-
  plete set of Amazing Stories since April 1926
  to the current issue. I would like to dispose'of
  them at one time.

 Is it necessary for me to add that Amazing
 Stories is a great magazine and that I will con-
 tinue to read it with unfailing enthusiasm? Thank
 you.

Joseph Fox,

                       2628 S. Beulah St.,

Philadelphia, Pa.

   (Your last words arc “Thank you.” We fee!
 that the thanks are due to you from us, so you
 will let us repeat what you said and thank you —
 Editor.)	j ‘

 Will fly for roilea at height of 1000 feet. Great
 chance to study aerial navigation. Send name and
 we'll send 6 of our pew art picture* to dlepose of on
 dal.25c offer. Sand too $».60 Too collect and no a reward
 for tljia aervice we will •end tbia wonderful Airship Witt
 full iuntrucnona free.

 C. M. THOMAS, 337 W. Madison St., 4- K-22, Cheiaflo
96

AMAZING STORIES

April, 1930

MACKIIMIMOIM'FLY NEWS BULLETIN

DR. NIKOLA TESLA MAPS AMAZING
ELECTRICAL WORLD OF FUTURE

Wireless Power, Simplified Television,
Cathode Rays to Revolutionize
Our Homes and Industries

                          Dr. Nikok Testa, perhaps the greatest electrical wizard alive
                          today, forecasts the astounding electrical future of the world,
                          not as an Imaginative “philosopher" but as an experimenter

Dr. Nikola Tesla	3fld BX8Ct CSlCUtStOT.

  "Were we to eliminate from our Indus-
trial world the results of Mr. Tesla’s work,
the wheels of Industry would cease to
turn, our electric trains and cars would
stop, our towns would he dark, our mills
dead and Idle.” Thus does Dr. B. A
Behrend sum up the far-reaching effects
of Dr. Tesla’e great inventions.

  Now this genius who first created man-
made lighthing, filament-less vacuum
lamps, induction motors, etc., predicts
miraculous revolutionary developments in
the electrical world.

   He predicts homes, offices and factories
 throughout the world will shortly he us-

RACE PREJUDICE
  KILLED HER LOVE

Was He “Son of the Gods”
    Or Son of a Street-Waiker?

  5am Lee was rich—a veritable prince
in the American college world where
money makes princes. Yet he was per-
haps the loneliest young man among all
the thoughtless people who flattered him,
borrowed money from him, and felt for
him the unreasoning hatred of the white
man for the yellow.

  The supreme disillusionment came to
Sam Lee in the discovery that tho girl he
loved wanted of him only the success
which his money could buy for her. For

ing filament-less lamps which throw a
light of indescribable beauty. He pre-
dicts amazingly simplified television—
bladeless turbines—the wireless trans-
mission of electrical power to homes and
factories—world-encircling aircraft elec-
trically driven—high potential cathode
rays that will penetrate through miles of
solid substances—and many other inven-
tions which may sound like miracles to
you now, but which will become surpris-
ingly plausible when you read the fasoi-
nating article, especially authorized and
approved by Dr. Tesla, in the April
SCIENCE & INVENTION. Buy your
copy now—before the stands are sold out!

 him she felt only physical repugnance—
 race hatred! Marriage with the son of a
 Chinese merchant was out of the question!

   But he was "a prince from the colored
 clouds" and in the lives of princes strange
 things may happen, as you will learn
 when you read “Son of the Gods" the
 complete film version of Rex Beach’s
 great novel, which appears in its entirety
 in April SCREEN BOOK. Now on sale!

GOLD IN ANTARCTICA

  Little did the Commander dream that
 within a few hundred miles of his base,
 there ran a stream of water washing out
 raw gold from the Polar mountains. It
 remained for a fearless sailor, navigating
 a sailing ship alone, to reach that frozen
 country and uncover an astounding
 source of wealth. When the full story is
 disclosed, as it will be to readers of April
 BRIEF STORIES, under the title, "The
 Valley of Red Night,” the world will be
 * caught breathless! Don't miss that story!

DOUBLE MURDER
 MYSTERY IN FLORIDA

   In the latest news dispatch from Sandy
 Acres it was learned that Lindsey Carver,
 wealthy New York broker, was murdered
 or committed suicide on the same night
 that his former partner died of poisoning.
 Miss Carver was the first to discover the
 bodies of her father and his partner in
 the same room of their fishing lodge at
 Sandy Acres, but she could furnish few
 clews.

  Murder evident, but possible motive
 mystifies authorities. All suspects beiug
 traced and prosecuting attorney promises
 exciting case. For complete details and
 the final outcome read April issue of
 COMPLETE DETECTIVE NOVEL.

THROWN OUT OF
     PLANE IN LOOP

  Buddy Bushmeyer, world’s premiere
 parachute jumper, vividly describes the
 heart-chilling sensation of being thrown
 out of a plane in a loop—tells what it feels
 like to Jump at 12,000 feet elevation with
 a radio transmitter strapped to your back
 —and explains the technique of Jumping
 with a telephone wire and talking to the
 plane overhead as you fall!

   Buddy’s hair-raising article is but one
 of many thrillers in the big April-May
 AERO NEWS AND MECHANICS.
 Amelia Earhart, Capt. Lewis A. Yancey,
 Grover Loening and other foremost au-
 thorities make this issue one of the most
 interesting magazines on the news-stands.
 Get your copy today.

NEW AMPLIFIER
 A RADIOJUIRACLE

  Loftin-White have once again come
 into the limelight of public esteem with
 the perfection of an entirely new system
 of audio-frequency amplification. With
 but two amplifier tubes and a single rec-
 tifier tube in the power supply, untold
 amounts of volume of a clarity never be-
 fore approachcd have been obtained with
 their new method.

  The Invention opens an entirely new
 field for all radio men. Complete tech-
 nical descriptions of the system, illus-
 trated with diagrams, appear in April
 | RADIO NEWS. Don't miss that issue!

ALL ON SALE NOW- ClY THEM