           HUGO CiE^
           pm

EXPERIMENTER PUBLISHING CO NEW YORK. N.Y
Make Money

in a High-Class Business of Your Own
—without Competition!

You can be an exclusive NESTLER represent-
ative, and quickly build up a profitable business
in Reservicing and Retreading Tires by the
world’s most modern and successful process.

IV' you prefer to spend your life working for
somebody else—if you have no ambition to "be
your own boss”—do not read this advertisement.

But if you arc thrilled by the idea of being an inde-
pendent business man—of creating profits for your-
self instead of just waiting for a pay envelope-
then, 110 matter what your present occupation is,
read every word that follows!

A Nestler representative owns his own business.
There is a big demand for what he has to offer,
because nobody else in his locality can offer it—
a scientific Tire Service which saves car owners
ONE-HALF their tire bills.

A Nestler -(-Mold Cabinet. No steam. Nestler adjustable
molds can handle any size tires. The most successful vul-
canizers and garages have found the Nestler Process a great
tdvantngc, because it eliminates all buffing, stripping, and
cementing.

What the Patented Nestles?
Rubber Fusing Process is

The Nestler Rubber Fusing Process is the only modern, per-
fect method of repairing and retreading automobiles tires. It
scientifically welds new rubber to old, without the slightest
trace of joint, seam, or crack. A Ncstlerizcd tire will give
practically the same mileage as a new one, at ONE-HALF
the cost to the owner, and at a substantial profit to the
Nestler operator. There are hundreds of busy, money-
making Nestler stations all over the world, with no compe-
tition, because the Nestler Process is fully protected by
patents, and each Nestler operator has his own exclusive
territory.

Previous Automobile or Tire
Experience Not Required

Any red-blooded man with a very little capital can become a
successful Nestler operator. Nestler Rubber Fusing equip-
ment is built for life-time service, and the Nestler Manual,
given free to every operator, makes every step in retreading
tires and repairing blowouts as simple as A-B-C. Many men
have started Nestlerizing tires in a garage or basement in
their spare time, and have launched into a full-time business
of their own after they had gotten a good start and could see
bigger profits waiting to be picked up.

Send Son* this Amazing New Book
“The Nestles? Plan1’—It’s FREE

How tires arc Ncstlerizcd—what Nestler equipment consists
of—how to get customers—how the Nestler method will
make money for YOU right from the start—everything you
want to know about Nestler Tire Servicing as a full-time or
spare-time business is fnllv explained and illustrated with
photographs in a vitally interesting book. "The Nestler
Plan.” Send coupon below for a Free Copy TODAY. And
if you are in New York City, call at Nestler headquarters
and ask for a tree demonstration of the Nestler process.

Mail This Coupon TODAY!

(----------------------

I NESTLER RUBBKK FUSING CO.. INC.. Dept. 25
| 245 West 55th Street. Nov York, X. Y.

| Without obligation on my part, «cnd me your book, "The Xcstlcr Plan.”

I

| Xame ..............................................................

1

I Address ............................................................

i
EDITORIAL & GENERAL OFFICES: 230 Fifth Avenue. New York Cily
Published by Experimenter Publishing Company,' Inc.

n. GERN'SBACK. Pres.; a. GERNSBACK. Tttsi.
C. E. KOSENFELT. Sec'y.

Publishers or SCIENCE & INVENTION. RADIO NEWS.
RADIO LISTENERS' GUIDE. TIDBITS. AMAZING
STORIES. YOUR BODY.

Owners ol Broadtast Station WRNY

Contents

  The Sunken World

   By Stanton A. Coblentz.

   Out of the Sub-Universe

  By R. F. Starzl ....................

  The Menace

   By David H. Keller, M.D,

   Ten Days to Live

   By C. J. Eustace.....

289
290

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

Dimninger’s Psychical
Investigatioais

        Stilled by deatli but a short time ago,
        the voice of Houdini lives again in this
        book to carry on the work so prema-
        turely cut short.

Houdini s Spirit
Exposes

                                 This book has been written
                                 by Joseph Dunnigcr, chair-
                                 man of the Science and In-
                                 vention Investigating Com-
                                 mittee for Psychical Re-
                                 search.

HOUDINI was deeply interested in spiritualism.
He spent years in the study of this fascinating
subject. When he had fully mastered every
angle, lie turned his attention to exposing the fraudu-
lent practices of mediums. Mysterious voices in the
air, unearthly tappings on the table, weirdly moving
furniture, floating figures, hands, lights—every trick
employed by mediums in order to make their seances

more realistic, Houdini was able to explain and dupli-
cate by perfectly natural means.

With his death the work of exposing the practices of
spiritualistic mediums slackened in a very noticeable
degree. In consequence, mediums, each day, have grown
bolder until now the voice of Houdini, as if called from
the grave, has returned and can be heard to echo
throughout the pages of this amazing book, “HOU-
DINI’S SPIRIT EXPpSES.” Here Houdini lives
again to crush the swelling number of mediums para-
sitically bleeding their victims of their most cherished
possessions while posing in the guise of the living dead.

All should read Ihis tremendously interesting book. The en-
tire treatise has been written from the personal notes of Hou-
dini—a startling expose on one of the biggest frauds of the
day. Do not fail to get your copy—112 pages—fully illustrated.

                                      Tlie 50c Copy

                                                                 At all Newsstands or Write Direct

EXPERIMENTER PUBLISHING CO., 230 Fifth Ave., New York, N. Y.
SUMMER

1928

                         HUGO GERNSBACK, Editor
MIRIAM BOURNE, Asso. Editor WILBUR C, WHITEHEAD, Literary Editor
Dr. T. O'CONOR SLOANE, Ph.D., Asso. Editor C. A. BRANDT, Literary Editor
Editorial nnd General Offices: 230 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y.

 $50.00 FOR A LETTER

By Hugo Gernsback

THE publishers of this magazine want you
to feel that this is your magazine, and the
editors invite you to take an active inter-
est in this publication.

  Of course, the hundreds of letters which come
pouring in to the Quarterly every month tes-
tify to this interest, but beginning with the next
—the Fall issue of the Quarterly, we wish to
inaugurate a new feature. We will pay $50.00
for a single letter for every succeeding issue, un-
til further notice.

  The editors realize that, this being your pub-
lication, you, the reader, have certain ideas, not
only about this publication, but about scientific-
tion as well. Accordingly the publishers will pay
$50.00 for the best editorial written by one of
its readers, to be published in subsequent issues
of Amazing Stories Quarterly.

  The editors believe that their mission is com-
plete when they have selected and edited stories
that go into the making of this magazine.

  On the other hand, they feel that you, the
reader, have a more detached view of the maga-
zine itself, and that very often, your ideas as to
the magazine, and as to scicntifiction in general,
arc not only unique, but original and instructive
as well. For that reason, it has been decided to
choose the best letter which can be used as an
editorial for this page, in future issues.

  What is wanted then for the editorial page,
is a letter or manuscript of about 500 words to
fill this page. The subject of the editorial may
be the contents of the magazine itself, or better,
it may be a theme on scientifiction, which, of
course, has many angles. The best letter will be

awarded a prize of $50.00 and will be printed on
the editorial page.

  The letters which do not win the Quarterly
prize, but which still have merit, may be printed
in the Discussions Department or elsewhere in
the magazine, at the discretion of the editors.

  As your entry for this editorial page, kindly
note that no letters of criticisms of authors and
stories can be accepted. These properly be-
long in the Discussions Department. Then
again, laudatory letters containing flattering re-
marks about the stories themselves, or of the
magazine, are not acceptable for the editorial
page, as letters of this type also belong in the
Discussions Department.

  What is wanted, therefore, are inspiring or
educational letters, embodying material which
can be used as an editorial along scientifiction
themes. It should be a simple matter for any
reader of this publication to compose a short
article or letter of this kind.

  We hope there will be sufficient good material
received between now and the Fall issue, and we
hope to print a first class editorial then.

  Remember, it is the idea that counts. A great
literary effort is not necessary, as the editors re-
serve the right to edit all letters received, in order
to make them more presentable for publication.

  Remember, too, that anyone can enter this
contest, and everyone has an equal chance to get
on the editorial page of Amazing Stories
Quarterly hereafter.

  Please note, that contest for the next issue
closes on September 15.

  Now let’s see what YOU can do.

The Next Issue of the Quarterly Will Be on the
Newsstands October 20th
%e SUNKEN WORLD

  Hy Stanton A. Coblentj

IT was in the spring of 1918 that the United
States submarine X-lll was launched upon its
adventurous career. The German commerce raid-
ers had now reached the height of their effective-
ness; almost daily they were taking their toll of
luckless seamen and provision-laden steamers; and
the United States government, in alarm that was
never officially admitted, had resolved upon des-
perate measures. The re-
sult was the X-lll. The
first of a fleet of undersea
craft, this vessel was con-
structed upon lines never
before attempted. Not only
was it exceedingly long
(being about two hundred
feet from stem to stern),
but it was excessively nar-
row, and a man had to be
short indeed to stand up-
right within it on its
single deck without coming
into contact with the
arching ceiling. The ship,
in fact, was nothing more
nor less than a long pipe-
like tube of reinforced
steel, able to cleave the
water at tremendous speed
and ram and destroy any
enemy by ramming it with
its beak-like prow. But this
was only its slightest point
of novelty. At both ends
and at several points along
the sides it was equipped
with water-piercing
searchlights of a power
never before known (the
creation of Walter Tam-
rock, the Kansas inventor
who lost his life in the
war); and it was provided
with a series of air-tight
and water-proof compart-
ments, any one of which
might be pierced without
seriously injuring the ves-
sel as a whole. Hence the
X-lll was generally known
as unsinkable, and upon it
the American officials fas-
tened their hopes of abat-
ing the nuisance of the
enemy “U-boat.”

  The sinking of this "unsinkable” vessel is now of
course a matter of history. Close observers of naval
events will recall how, in May, 1918, the newspapers
reported the disappearance of another United States
submarine. All that was known with certainty was,
that the ship had been commissioned to the danger
zone; that it had failed to return to its base at the

 expected time, and that the passing days brought no
 news of it; that wireless messages and searching expedi-
 tions alike proved unavailing, and that it was two
 months before the only clue as to its fate was found.
 Then it was that a British destroyer, on scout duty in
 the North Sea, picked up a drifting life preserver bear-
 ing the imprint “X-lll.” For strategic reasons, this
 fact was not divulged until much later, and for strategic

                          reasons it was not made
                          known that the missing
                          submarine was of a new
                          and previously untried
                          type; but the mystery o£
                          the X-lll’s disappearance
                          weighed heavily upon the
                          minds of naval officials,
                          and secretly they resolved
                          upon immediate and ex-
                          haustive investigation. All
                          in vain. Not a trace of the
                          lost ship or of the thirty-
                          nine members of its crew
                          could be found; not a
                          scrap of the usual drifting
                          flotsam or wreckage could
                          be picked up anywhere on
                          the sea; and at last it was
                          admitted in despair that
                          the waters would perhaps
                          guard their secret forever.

                           Seven years went by.
 Peace had long since re-
 turned, and the X-lll and
 its tragedy had been for-
 gotten except by a few
 relatives of the unfortu-
 nate thirty-nine. Then sud-
 denly the mystery was fan-
 ned into vivid life again.
 A bearded man, with a
 strange ■ greenish complex-
 ion and eyes that blinked
 oddly beneath wide, colored
 glasses, appeared at the
 offices of the Navy depart-
 ment at Washington and
 claimed to be one of the
 company of the X-lll. At
 first, of course, he was
 merely laughed at as a
 madman, and could induce
 no one to listen to him seri-
 ously; but he was so per-
 sistent in his pleas, and so
 anxious to give proof of
 his identity, that a few began to suspect that
 there might be some shadow of truth to his claims
 after all. Half-heartedly, an investigation was under-
 taken—and with results that left the world gaping in
 amazement! The testimony of a dozen witnesses, as
 well as the unmistakable evidence of finger-prints and
 handwriting, proved that the wild-looking stranger

rHE world, of literature is full of Atlantis
     stories, but we are certain, that there has
     never been a story written with the daring
     and with such originality as to approach
     “The Sunken World."

        Science is pretty well convinced today,
      that there was an Atlantis many thousands
      of years ago. Just exactly what became of
      it, no one knows. The author, in this story,
      which no doubt will become a classic some
      day, has approached the subject at a totally
      different angle than has ever been attempt-
      ed before; and let no one think that the
      idea, daring and impossible as it would seem
      at first, is impossible. Nor is it at all impos-
      sible that progress and science goes and
      comes in waves. It may be possible that mil-
      lions of years ago, the world had reached a
      much higher culture than we have today.
      Electricity and radio, and all that goes with
      it, may have been well known eons ago, only
      to be swept away and rediscovered. Every
      scientist knows, that practically every in-
      vention is periodically rediscovered inde-
      pendently. It seems there is nothing new
      under the sun.

       But the big idea behind the author's
     theme is the holding of present-day science
     and progress up to a certain amount of ridi-
     cule, and showing up our civilization in a
     sometimes grotesque mirror, which may not
     be always pleasing to our vanity and to our
     appraisal of our so-called present day
     achievements.

        The point the author brings out is that
      it is one thing to have power in science and
      inventions, but that it is another thing to
      use that poiver correctly. He shows drama-
      tically and vividly how it can be used and
      how it should be used.

        From the technical standpoint, this story
      is tremendous, and while some of our cri-
      tics, will, as usual, find fault with the hy-
      draulics contained in this story, the fact
      remains they are not at all impossible.

292
THE SUNKEN WORLD

29|

mf

ww

       HSMir

Then, as the searchlights swayed and shifted till they swept the depths directly beneath, we began to make out familiar objects amid the obscur-
*'y'..- ■■ tor ° moment I observed nothing alarming. Then, os my gaze became focused upon a gray dome just below, I too cried out in dread
realization .... Here and there a lantern-bearins object, with flapping finny body, went wavering through the windows and above the temple

roofs!
294

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

was none other than Anson Harkness, Ensign on the
ill-starred X-lll, long mourned as dead. Now, for
the first time, the truth about the disappearance of
that remarkable vessel was to be made known; and
the eager public was treated to a story so extraordi-
nary that only irrefutable evidence could make it
seem credible. It is safe to say that never, since
Columbus returned to Spain with the news of his
discoveries in seeking a western route to the far East,
had any mariner delivered to his people a revelation
so unexampled and marvelous.

  But while numerous accounts of the great discovery
are extant, and while the furore of discussion over
the newspaper articles and interviews shows no sign
of waning, the public has yet to read the tale in the
words of Harkness himself. And it is for this rea-
son that the accompanying history, to which Hark-
ness has devoted himself ever since his return from
exile, possesses a peculiar and timely interest. Hark-
ness has described, unaffectedly and sincerely, the most
perilous exploits which any man has ever survived.
Hence the following pages should prove entertaining
not only to the student of world events, but to that
larger public which finds value in a rare and stirring
bit of autobiography.

                        Stanton A. Coblentz,
                             (New York, 1928.)

CHAPTER I

Harkness Explains His Disappearance

HE maiden voyage of the X-lll was ill-fated
from the first. Perhaps the new inventions
had not yet been perfected, or perhaps, in
the haste of wartime, adequate tests had
not been made; at any rate, the vessel
developed mechanical troubles after her first half
day at sea. To begin with, the rudder and steer-
ing apparatus proved unmanageable; then, after
hours spent in malting repairs, the engines showed a
tendency to balk under the tremendous speed we were
ordered to maintain; and finally, when we had about
solved the engine problem, we had the misfortune to
collide with a half-submerged derelict, while running
on the surface, and one of our water-tight compart-
ments sprang a leak.

  Immediately following the accident, we had risen
to the surface, for the break was about on a level
with our waterline, and the compartment could not be
completely flooded so long as we did not submerge.
Yet Captain Gavison warned us not to waste a mo-
ment, and the men worked with desperate speed to
repair the damage, for we knew that we were in the
zone of the German U-boat, and that any delay might
prove perilous, if not fatal. Unfortunately, the sea
was unusually calm and the day was blue and clear,
so that even our low-lying hulk could be sighted many
miles across the waters.

  I do not know precisely at what position we were
then stationed, except that it was somewhere in the
Eastern Atlantic, and at a point where, according to
the warnings of our Secret Service, a concentration of
German submarines was to be expected. At any other
time we would have welcomed the opportunity to come
to grips with the foe; but now, in our disabled condi-
tion, we kept a lookout with grave misgivings, and
silently prayed that the damage might be repaired
before the enemy slunk into view. Yet it was slow
work to man the pumps and at the same time to weld
a strip of metal across the jagged gap in our side;
and hours passed while we stood there working thigh-
deep in water, our heads bent low, for there was but

two or three feet of breathing space beneath the
curved iron ceiling. Suppressed growls and curses
came from our lips each time a sudden surge of the
waters interfered with the welding. Meanwhile all
was in confusion; the men worked with the feverish
inefficiency of terror, scarcely heeding the orders of the
officers; the chief contents of the compartment float-
ed about almost unnoted. I distinctly remember that
several articles, including a life preserver which one
of the recruits had unfastened in his fright, were
washed overboard.

  Still, we did make some progress, and after four or
five hours, and just as the blood-red sun was sinking
low in the west, we found our task nearing comple-
tion. A few more minutes, and the welding would be
accomplished; a few more minutes, and darkness
would be upon us, leaving, us free from fear of at-
tack for the next eight or ten hours.

  It was just when we felt safest that the real danger
presented itself. A swift trail of white shot across
the waters far to westward, and, advancing at full
speed, vanished in a long, frothy furrow just in our
wake. “A German U-boat! A U-boat two points off
the port bow!” frantically cried the watch; and we
scrambled from the flooded compartment as the Cap-
tain gave the order “Submerge!” Now we heard the
rapid churning of our engines as we went plunging
into the blackness beneath the sea; now we made
ready to launch a torpedo of our own as our peri-
scope showed us the disappearing tip of an enemy
submarine; now we were hurled into an exciting chase
as our prodigiously powerful searchlights illumined
whole leagues of the water, even revealing the dark,
cigar-shaped hulk of the foe. Had we not been im-
peded by the dead weight of a compartment full of
water, we would unquestionably have overtaken the
enemy, rammed it and ended its career; even as it
was, we seemed to be gaining upon it, and we had
hopes of shooting up unseen and bullet-like from the
dark, and with tremendous impact smiting it in two.
Not even the unexpected appearance of a second sub-
marine altered our plans. Handicapped as we were,
we would show our superiority to both the enemy
craft!

  But it was at this point that mechanical troubles
again betrayed us. Overworked by our excessive burst
of speed, our engines (which were of the super-electric
type recently invented by Cogswell) gave signs of
slowing up and stopping; and so dangerously over-
heated were they, that our Captain had to halt our
vessel abruptly, almost within striking distance of the
foe. Our position became extremely precarious, for at
any moment the German searchlights might spy us
out, and a few undersea bombs might send us to
the bottom.

  As our own equipment had purposely been made as
light as possible, we were provided with no explosive
shells other than torpedoes: hence we were compelled
to rise to the surface in order to attack. This, we
realized, was a hazardous expedient, since both the
enemy vessels were already in a position to answer
our bombardment, volley for volley. But trusting to
the gathering darkness and to our aggressive tactics
to win us the advantage, we unhesitatingly rose to
the level, and, with as little delay as possible, dis-
charged a torpedo toward the dim-low-lying form of
the foe.

  Whether that projectile reached its goal, none of
us will ever be able to say. From the sudden, furious
eruption of spray in the direction of the enemy craft,
I am inclined to believe that this was among the
U-boats later reported missing; yet, the torpedo may
THE SUNKEN WORLD

295

merely have struck some floating object and so have
lost its prey. Whatever the results, we were unable
to observe with certainty, for at the same moment a
gleaming streak shot toward us across the dark waters,
and the next instant we went sprawling about the
deck as a dull thudding crash came to our ears and
the vessel shook and wavered as though in an earth-
quake’s grip. Half dazed from the shock, we gath-
ered ourselves together and rose uncertainly to our
feet, staring at one another in dull consternation. And
at the same moment one of the seamen burst wildly
into the cabin, despair and terror in his maddened
eyes. "The central compartment!” he cried. “The cen-
tral compartment. It’s flooded, all flooded!” And as
if to prove his words, we felt ourselves sinking, sink-
ing slowly, though we had not been ordered to sub-
merge; the darkness of the twilight skies quickly gave
way to the darkness beneath the ocean.

IT was some minutes. before we quite realized what
was happening. Accustomed as we were to under-
sea traveling, we did not at first understand that this
was an adventure quite out of the ordinary. Even
when the waters had lost their first pale translucency
and had become utterly black and opaque, we did not
realize our terrible predicament. Only after our ves-
sel began listing violently, and we felt the deck slop-
ing at an angle of forty-five degrees, did we recognize
the full horror of our position. Although we could
see not one inch beyond the thick glass portholes, I
had an indefinable sense that we were sinking, sink-
ing down, down, down through vague and unknown
abysses; and the stark and helpless terror on the as-
sembled faces gave proof that the others shared my
feelings. Not a word did we utter. Indeed, speaking
would not have been easy, for a low, continuous roar-
ing was in our ears, a hoarse, muffled roaring re-
minding me of the murmuring in a sea-shell. At the
same time, a strange depression overwhelmed my
senses; it seemed as though the atmosphere had sud-
denly become thick and heavy, too heavy for breath-
ing; it seemed as though an unnatural weight had
been piled upon me, threatening to crush and stifle
me. Yet I did notice that the vessel quivered vio-
lently and lunged upward every few seconds, in a
furious effort to right itself and rise to the surface.
I did fancy that I heard the buzzing of the engines
at times, an intermittent buzzing that was most dis-
quieting; and I found myself, like the others, hanging
to the brass railings to steady myself when the ship
heaved and shuddered, or to keep my footing when
we slanted downward.

  Perhaps five minutes passed when the door leading
forward was thrust open, and Captain Gavison climbed
precariously into the room. All eyes were bent upon
him in silent inquiry; but his grim, stoically firm
countenance was far from reassuring. It was apparent
that he had something to say, and that he did not
care to say it; and several anxious moments elapsed
while he stood glowering upon us, evidently unde-
cided whether to give his message words.

   Yet even at this crisis he could not forget discipline.
His first words brought us no information, and his
first action was to station us about the room in
orderly fashion, assigning each to some specific duty.

  “I will not keep the facts from you,” he declared,
with slow, deliberate accentuation, when finally we
were all in position. “Three of our compartments are
flooded. The other compartments seem to be holding
out as yet, but the great mass of water in our hold
is bearing us rapidly downward, and the engines seem
unable to neutralize the effect. At the last reading,

we were nine hundred and twenty-seven feet below
sea level.”

  “Great God! What are we to do about it?” I
gasped, in biting terror.

  “Suggestions are in order,” stated the Captain, la-
conically.

  But no suggestion was forthcoming.

  "Of course, we are in no immediate danger . . .”
he resumed. But he might have spared his words.
Most of us had had sufficient experience of undersea
travel to know that the danger was real enough.
Barring the remote contingency that the engines would
be brought back into efficient working order, there
were only two possibilities. On the one hand, we
might reach the bottom of the sea, and, stranded there,
would perish of starvation or slow suffocation. Or, An
the second place, we might continue drifting down-
ward until the tremendous pressure of the water, prov-
ing too strong even for the stout steel envelope of
our vessel, would bend and crush it like an egg-shell.

  Although we could no longer guide our course, our
gigantic searchlights were at once brought into play,
piercing the water with brilliant yellow streamers. Yet
they might have been searchlights in a tomb, for they
showed us nothing except the minute wavy dark shapes
that occasionally drifted in and out of our line of
vision. There was something ghastly, I thought, about
that light, that intense unearthly sallow light, which
glided slowly in long curves and spirals about the
thick enveloping darkness. And the very penetrating
power of the rays served only to accentuate the horror.
For the illumination ended in nothingness; nothing-
ness seemed to stretch above us, beneath us, and to
all sides of us; we were enfolded in it as in a black
mantle; it seemed to be stretching out long arms to
fetter us, to gather us up, to strangle us slyly.

SLOWLY, with agonizing slowness, the moments crept
by; slowly we continued sinking, down, down,
down, ever down and down, with movement gradual
and constantly diminishing, yet never ceasing. Never
before in history, we told ourselves, had living men
been plunged so far beneath the ocean. Our instru-
ments recorded first twelve hundred feet, then fourteen,
then sixteen, then eighteen hundred feet below sea
level!

  And as we sank downward, we became aware that
we were not the only living creatures in these depths.
Our searchlights made us the center of attraction for
myriads of scaly things; whole schools and squadrons
of fishes were gathering moth-like in the vivid illumi-
nation thrown out by our vessel. Some were long,
snaky monsters, with thin heads set with rows of
spike-like teeth, and tiny eyes that gleamed evilly in
the uncanny light; some were lithe sea dragons, with
wolfish mouths and sabre-like bony appendages pro-
jecting from low foreheads; some were many-colored,
rainbow-hued or streaked with black and golden, or
red and azure, or yellow and white; some had chame-
leon eyes that flashed first green and then blue, ac-
cording to the play of the light about them; many
were flitting to and fro, circling and spiralling and
doubling back and forth at incredible speed; and not
a few, unacquainted with the ways of submarines)
collided full-tilt with the thick glass of our portholes.

  But as our depth gradually increased, our finny
visitors began to give way to others stranger still.
When we were twenty-two hundred feet below the
surface, the searchlights were no longer necessary to
reveal the denizens of the deep, for the inhabitants of
those unthinkable regions carried their own lamps!
And how they amazed us and startled us!—how, in
296

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

our shuddering ncrve-racking terror, they appeared to
us as ghosts or avenging fiends, or struck our over-
worked imaginations as approaching foes or rescuers!
Suddenly, out of the deathly blackness, a spurt of
green light appeared, swiftly widening until it seemed
an unearthly searchlight—and, from a narrow focus
of flame, two huge burning green eyes would shoot
forth, darting cold malice at us through the glass port,
until the yellow electric light would seem tinged with
an emerald reflection. Or else a tiny flattened disk,
softly phosphorescent throughout and marked on one
surface by two bright beady eyes, would come float-
ing in our direction like a pale apparition; or, again, a
long dark rod, brilliantly white like a living flash-
light, would dart curving and gleaming toward us
out of the remote gloomy depths. But more terrifying
than any of these were the nameless monsters with in-
visible bodies and lidless, fiery yellow eyes of the size
of baseballs,—eyes that stared in at us, and stared
and stared, as though all the concentrated horror of
the universe were glaring upon us, seeking to ferret
us out and mark us for its victims.

  And still we were sinking, unceasingly sinking, till
the last faint hope had died in the heart of the most
sanguine, and in despair and with half-mumbled phrases
we' admitted that there could be no rescue for us.
When we were twenty-five hundred feet below the sur-
face, the fury of expectation had given place to a
blank and settled despondency; when the distance was
twenty-eight hundred feet, each was striving in his
own way to prepare himself for the fate which all felt
to be but a question of hours. In our panic-stricken
horror, we had all long ago forgotten the positions as-
signed us by the Captain; and the Captain himself
did not appear to notice where we were. Young Raw-
son, the newest of the recruits, had gone down on his
knees, and with tears in his eyes was murmuring
half audible prayers; Matthew Stangale, one of the
oldest and most hardened of the seamen, was pacing
restlessly back and forth, back and forth, in the nar-
row compartment, clenching his fists furiously and
muttering to himself; Daniel Howlett, veteran of many
campaigns, contented himself with a suppressed growl-
ing and profanity, and his curses were echoed by his
companions; Frank Ripley, a college gridiron hero,
enlisted for the war, buried himself in a corner of
the room, his face covered by his hands, the very
picture of dejection, though every once in a while,
wistfully and half-furtively, he would let his gaze
travel to a little photograph he guarded close to his
bosom. And as for Captain Gavison, on whom we
had fastened our last fading hope of escape—he merely
stood near the porthole with arms clenched behind his
back and thin lips tightly compressed, peering out into
the black waters as though he read there some secret
hidden from the obtuse gaze of his followers.

WE were below the three thousand foot level when
fresh cause for anxiety appeared. “The holy
saints have mercy on us!” suddenly exclaimed James
Stranahan, one of the common seamen, as he crossed
himself piously. And pointing in awe-stricken amaze-
ment through one of the glass spy-holes which led
from the deck, down through the bottom of the ship,
he called attention to a dim shimmering luminescence
far below. Excitedly we crowded about him, almost
tumbling over one another in our eagerness and
terror, but for a moment we could see nothing. Then,
slowly, as we stood straining our eyes to fathom the
blackness, we became aware of a vague filmy, wide-
spread sheet of light twinkling faintly beneath us,
and remote as the stars of an inverted Milky Way.

  A sheet of light beneath us, at the bottom of the
sea! In incredulous astonishment, we turned to one
another, scarcely able to believe our senses, our horror
written plainly in our gaping eyes! And in silence,
and with fear-blanched faces, half of the company
made the sign of the cross.

  “Sure it’s a ghost, a deep-sea ghost!” ventured the
superstitious Stranahan.

  "It’s where the sea serpents have their home!” put
in Stangale, with an abortive attempt to be jocular.
“There's ten million of them down there, with devil’s
eyes of fire!”

  “Maybe it’s the Evil One himself!” suggested
Stranahan, not content with a single guess. “What
if it’s the very throne-room of Hell, and them are
the flames of Old Nick!”

  These words did not seem to reassure the rest of
the crew. Several were trembling visibly, and several
continued to cross themselves in silence.

  Meanwhile the Captain had ordered the search-
lights turned downward, and in long loops and curves
the cutting light swept the darkness beneath. But not
a thing was visible, except for a few flapping fishy
forms; and our lanterns served only to conceal the
mysterious luminescence.

  Yet, when the searchlights were again directed up-
ward, that luminescence became more distinct and
seemed to stretch to infinite distances on all sides. But
it was still incalculably remote, and still filled us with
alarm and foreboding. Whatever it was (and we
could not help feeling that it was evil), we knew that
it was a thing beyond the reach of all human expe-
rience; whatever it was, it was a monstrous thing, pos-
sibly malevolent and terrible, and not inconceivably
ghostly and supernatural.

  But as we continued to sink, I began to doubt
whether any of us should live to solve the mystery.
The air in our overcrowded compartments was becom-
ing oppressively heavy and vitiated; we were like men
locked in sealed vaults, and there was no possibility of
renewing our exhausted oxygen supply. Already I was
beginning to feel drowsy from the lack of air; my
head was aching dully and I had almost ceased to
care where we went or what befell us. Today, when
I look back upon the racking events of those terrible
hours, I feel sure that I was not far from delirium;
and when I recall how some of my comrades reclined
drunkenly on the floor, with half-hysterical mumblings
and wailings, I am certain that there were but few of
us, who retained our right senses.

  There is, indeed, a blank space in my memory con-
cerning what occurred at about this time; I may have
fallen off into a doze or sodden slumber lasting for
minutes or even for hours. I can only say that I
have a recollection of coming abruptly to myself, as
from a state of coma; and, with a sudden jolt of
understanding, I realized where I was, and observed
with a shock that half a dozen of my comrades were
gathered together in a little group, pointing down-
ward with excited exclamations.

  Staggering to my feet, I joined them, and in a
moment shared in their agitation. The lights beneath
us were now far lighter—they no longer formed a
vague shimmering screen, but were concentrated bril-
liantly in a score of golden globes of the apparent size
of the sun. “Could it be that the ocean too has its
suns?” I asked myself, as when one asks dazed ques-
tions in a dream. And looking at those spectral lights
that wavered and gleamed through the pale translucent
waters, I felt that this was surely but a nightmare
from which I should soon awaken. Fantastic fish,
with triangular glowing red heads and searchlight
THE SUNKEN WORLD

297

eyes projected on slender tubes, darted before our win-
dows in innumerable schools; but these seemed almost
familiar now by comparison with those eerie golden
lights below; and it was upon the golden illumination
that my gaze was riveted as we settled slowly down
and down. Soon it became apparent that the great
central globes were not the only source of the radi-
ance, for smaller points of light gradually became vis-
ible, some of them moving, actually moving as though
borne by living hands!—and even the spaces between
the lights seemed to wear an increasing golden luster!
Yet with the golden was mingled a singular tinge of
green, a green that seemed scarcely of the waters;

irrepressible Stranahan, pointing downward and for-
getting the aspect of the bulkheads and deck. “There’s,
a city under the sea!”

  "A city under the sea!” we echoed, in stupefied
amazement. And from one corner of the room came
a burst of hysterical laughter, which wavered and
broke and then died out, sounding uncannily like a
fiend’s derision.

  “But I tell you, there is a city under the sea!”
insisted Stranahan, noting the incredulous stares witH
which we regarded him. “The Lord strike me dead
if I didn’t see its streets and houses!”

  Though none of us doubted but that the Lord

Our scnrchiights made us the center of attraction tor myriads ol scaly things; wholo schools and squadrons of fishes were gathering moth-liko
in the vivid illumination thrown out by our vessel . . . flitting to and fro, circling and spiralling and doubling back and forth at incredible speed.

and the mysterious depths were no longer black, but
olive-hued, as though the light came filtering to us
through some solid dark-green medium.

   But a more imminent peril was to distract our at-
tention from the weird lights. For some minutes I
had been vaguely aware of something peculiar in the
aspect of our compartment; yet, in my stupefied condi-
tion, I had not been able to determine just what was
wrong. But full realization came to me when Strana-
han, pointing upward, wide-eyed with horror, sud-
denly exclaimed, "Heaven preserve us, look at the ceil-
■ing!”

   We all looked. The ceiling was bulging inches down-
ward, as though the terrific pressure of the waters
were already bursting the tough steel envelope of the
X-lll. And at the same time we observed that the
deck we stood on, was bulging upward, and that the
bulkheads were being twisted and distorted like iron
rails warped by an earthquake.

BUT now came the greatest surprise of all. “By
all the saints and little devils!” burst forth the

would indeed do as Stranahan suggested, we inter-
preted his remarks as mere delirious ravings, and
continued to stare at him in petrified silence.

  “You see, there she is!” persisted the seaman, still
pointing downward regardless of our disbelief. And,
crossing himself piously, he continued, in awed tones,
“May the Virgin have pity on us, if that don’t look
like a church!”

  Stranahan’s last words had such a tone of convic-
tion that, though our doubts were still strong, we
could not forebear to look. And, after a single glance,
our scepticism gave place to dumbfounded amazement.
For was this not a city staring up at us from the
green-golden depths? Or at least the ruins of what
had been a city? In outlines wavy because of the dense,
shifting waters, and yet as definite of form as re-
flections in a still pool, half a dozen great yellow-
white temples seemed to glimmer beneath the brilliant
lights, with massive columns, wide-reaching porticoes
and colonnades, and gracefully curving arches and
domes.

  Was this but a mirage? we asked ourselves. Or
298

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

were these the remains of some submerged, ancient
town? Never had we heard of mirages beneath the
sea—but if this were a dead city, then why these vivid
lights? And, certainly, no living city could be
imagined in these profound watery abysses.

  Even as we wondered, we seemed to note a gradual
change in our movement. We were no longer sinking;
we were drifting with slow motion, almost horizontally;
and just beneath us appeared to be an impenetrable
but transparent dense, greenish wall, a wall that—had
the idea not been too preposterous—we might almost
have imagined to be of glass. Beneath this wall
gleamed no lantern-bearing, fishy eyes, but the dazzling
golden orbs and the smaller scattered lights shone
steadily with piercing radiance; and beneath us, at a
distance that may have been five hundred feet and
may have been a thousand, the vaults and domes and
columns of innumerable stone edifices shone palely and
With sallow luster. Surely, we thought, this was some
unheard-of Athens, doomed long ago by tidal wave
or volcano.

  Gradually, for some reason that we could not quite
explain, our horizontal motion seemed to be increas-
ing; and, caught apparently by some rapid deep-sea
current, we drifted with appreciable velocity above
those dim realms of green and golden. Palace after
magnificent palace, many seemingly modelled by archi-
tects of old Greece, went gliding by beneath us; count-
less statues, tall as the buildings, pointed up at us
>vith hands that were uncannily life-like; wide avenue
after wide avenue flashed by, and one or two colossal
theatres of old Grecian design; but no living thing
was to be seen, or, at least, so it seemed, for though
we strained our eyes, we could discern only shadows
moving in those uncertain depths, only shadows and
an occasional firefly light which zigzagged fitfully
among the buildings and which we took to be some
strange illuminated finny thing.

  Then suddenly, for no apparent reason, fresh terror
seized us. Perhaps it was because we realized abruptly
the full eerie horror of floating thus above a city of
the dead; perhaps it was that the whole unspeakable
ghastliness of the adventure had again flashed upon
us. Be that as it may, we began to shake and shiver
once moi-e as though in the grip of a mastering emo-
tion, or as though obsessed by forethought of approach-
ing disaster; and muttered prayers again were heard,
and more than one silent tear was shed.

  But the time for tears and prayers was over. Our
motion, gradually increasing for some minutes, was
suddenly accelerated as if by some gigantic prod; we
seemed caught in some mighty movement of the
waters, some maelstrom that whirled us about and
buffeted us like a feather; a hoarse, continuous thunder
dinned in our ears, and we went shooting forward
with prodigious speed. Then came a violent jerk,
and we found ourselves tossed pellmell to all corners
of the room; then another jerk, and we were flung
back again like dice shaken in a box; then still an-
other jerk, more vehement than the others, and our
terrorized minds lost track of events as our vessel
lunged and heaved, then veered and stood almost on
end, then began to spin round and round, like a swift
gyrating top . . . And in that whirling confusion our
senses reeled and grew blurred, and darkness came
clouding back, darkness and sleep and nothingness . . .

CHAPTER II
Untraveled Depth's

HOW any of us chanced to survive is more than I
can say. In the turbulence and vertigo of that
last blind roaring moment, I had vaguely felt

that we had reached the end of all things; hence it was
almost with surprise that I found myself hazily re-
gaining consciousness, and discovered that I could still
move my limbs and open my eyes. At first, indeed, I
had the dim sense that I was dead and embarking upon
the Afterlife; and it was only the definite sensation
of pain in my bruised arms and legs, and the definite
sight of my comrades tumbled about in ungainly atti-
tudes, which convinced me that I was still on the
better known side of the grave.

  “Sure, and I thought we went through the very
gates of Hell!” came a familiar voice; and Stranahan
rose unsteadily to his feet, lugubriously nursing a
sprained wrist. “By all the saints in heaven, we
must be a devilish lot! The devil himself didn’t seem
able to get us!”

  Cheered by sound of a human voice, I followed
Stranahan’s example, and slowly and painfully arose. I
was thankful to learn that, although badly battered,
I had suffered no broken bones; and as my comrades
one by one staggered up from the deck, I was glad to
observe that none were gravely injured.

  Our vessel had assumed a horizontal position again,
but I felt that our surroundings were strangely altered.
While a pale luminescence seemed to transfuse the
waters on both sides and above us, yet below us the
golden lights were no longer visible, and everything
seemed impenetrably black.

  Of course, the Captain again ordered the search-
lights turned on—and this time with extraordinary
results. Just beneath us, actually in contact with the
bottom of the X-lll, a flat, sandy reach of ground was
visible—certainly, the bottom of the sea! But this
fact was the least remarkable of all. On both sides
of us, at distances possibly of two hundred yards, a
high and geometrically regular embankment shot up
precipitously, ending in a yellow illuminated patch of
water whose nature we could scarcely surmise. The
one thing apparent was that we were in a submarine
channel, a sort of river bed in the bottom of the sea.
This fact was made evident by a current which sent
us skimming along the soft sands although our en-
gines had long since ceased to supply us with power.

  “I can’t understand it!” sighed Captain Gavison,
shaking his head dolefully. “I can’t understand it at
all! For twenty-five years I’ve studied the ocean cur-
rents, but I’ve never before heard of anything like
this!”

  Just at this point our searchlights showed us a
long, lithe dark form gliding rapidly by through the
waters perhaps fifty feet above. It was as large as
the largest known shark, but was shaped like no fish
I had ever seen, tapering to a slender, canoe-like point
at both ends; and, as it passed, the water seemed to
foam and bubble strangely in its wake.-

  “Perdition take me, if it ain’t a sea dragon!” ven-
tured Stranahan, who had to have his say.

  “Stranahan, be silent!” snapped the Captain, in high
irritation. “You’re always saying the wrong thing at
the wrong time!”

  “Yes, sir,” admitted Stranahan, meekly, a grave ex-
pression in his pale blue eyes.

  “If you want to make yourself useful, Stranahan,”
continued the Captain severely, although with less
asperity than before, “go forward, and find out how
far we are beneath sea level.”

  “Aye, aye, sir,” agreed Stranahan, remembering to
salute.

  “How far below were we at the last reading, sir?”
I inquired of the Captain, after Stranahan had van-
ished through the small compartment door.
THE SUNKEN WORLD

299

  “Thirty-seven hundred feet,” returned the officer,
abruotly. “But we’ve sunk considerably since then.”

  It was at this juncture that Stranahan reappeared in
the doorway, a stare of blank, incredulous astonishment
pn h’s lean, hardened face.

  "Well?” the Captain demanded. “How far below
are we now?”

  Stranahan mopped his brow as if to wipe off an in-
visible perspiration. But he answered not a word.

  “Stranahan,” growled the exasperated officer, some-
what after the manner of a schoolma’am to an un-
ruly pupil, “do you hear me? I’m asking to know how
far below we are now.”

  “Well, sir,” drawled Stranahan, saluting mechanically,
“wouldn’t I be telling you if I knew? But, saints in
heaven, sir, that machine must be bewitched! Else I’m
peeing things!”

  “Didn’t you notice the reading?” bawled the Cap-
tain.

  “Yes, sir,” Stranahan replied, humbly. That’s what
the trouble is, sir.”

  "Then how far below are we?”

  Stranahan hesitated as though he would rather not
speak. “Forty-four feet,” he muttered, at length.

  A murmur of suppressed excitement passed from
end to end of the room. “Forty-four feet!” yelled
the Captain. “You mean forty-four hundred!”

  “No, sir,” maintained Stranahan, quietly. “I mean
forty-four.”

THE Captain’s anger became uncontrollable. “Stran-
ahan, you must take me for a fool!” he shouted.
“This is not the moment for practical jokes! At
any other time I’d have you thrown in the brig!”

  “But, sir-” Stranahan started to protest.

  “That’s enough!” roared the officer, fairly shaking
with fury. And, turning to one of the younger men,
he commanded, "Ripley, see how far below water level
yve are!”

  "Aye, aye, sir,” assented Ripley, and left the room.
A moment later he returned with a sheepish grin
on his face.

  "Well, how far below are we?” demanded the Cap-
tain.

  But Ripley, like Stranahan, seemed reluctant to
speak. He coughed, gasped, stammered out an unin-
telligible syllable or two, cleared his throat, stood gap-
ing at us stupidly while we looked on expectantly, and

finally blurted out, "Forty- forty-three feet, sir!”

  “Forty-three feet!” bellowed the Captain. “Has the
whole crew gone crazy?”

  And, without further ado, Gavison himself went
lunging toward the door, and disappeared in the for-
ward compartment.

  It was several minutes before he returned. But
when he rejoined us, his face wore a look of undis-
guised amazement. Furtively and almost shamefacedly
he peered at us, like one who fancies he is losing his
\vits.

  “Well, sir, how far below are we now?” I ques-
tioned.

  The Captain cleared his throat, and hesitated per-
ceptibly before replying. “I- I really don’t know.

I can’t understand- I can’t understand it at all.

If the instruments aren’t out of order, we’re exactly
forty-two feet below!”

  I gasped stupidly; then suggested, “No doubt, sir,
the instruments are out of order.”

  “They are not!” denied the Captain. “I’ve tested
them!”

  Again the Captain hesitated briefly; then abruptly
he resumed, “Besides, as you know, there are two
instruments. They both record forty-two feet. Surely,

they can’t both be wrong in exactly the same way.”
There ensued a moment of silence, during which we
stared dully at one another, filled with mute question-
ings we would not dare to put into words.

  “But how do you explain-” I at length started to

inquire.

  “I don’t explain at all!” interrupted the officer.
“We’re simply running counter to all natural laws!
According to all estimates, we should be nearly a
mile deep by now!”

  And the Captain stood stroking his chin in grave
perplexity. Then turning suddenly to us all, he re-
marked, “I can’t see how it can be true, boys; but
if we’re only forty-two feet deep, then maybe the
engines will have life enough in them to pull us out.
At least, it’s a chance worth taking.”

  Half an hour later, after a few instructions and
the assignment of the crew to duty, we had the
pleasure of hearing once more the churning and throb-
bing of the engines. At first it promised to be a
barren pleasure indeed, for the abused machinery
gasped and sputtered as though determined upon a
permanent strike; but finally after many vain efforts,
we were greeted by the continuous buzzing of the
motors. Then we found ourselves slowly moving, at
first scarcely faster than the current, but with grad-
ually increasing velocity; and by degrees we felt
the deck taking on an upward slope as the nose of
the vessel was pointed toward the surface of the
waters. It was not an easy pull, for our three
flooded compartments were powerfully inclined to hold
us to the bottom; and in the beginning we made very
little progress; several times we felt our hull scrap-
ing the ocean floor. Eventually, the engines, waxing
to their full power, began to cleave the water at grati-
fying speed, and we found that we were moving
definitely, though slowly upward.

  Of course, hope came to us then in a powerful wave,
accompanied by black flashes of despair, for what if
impassable thousands of feet of water still rolled
above us? Impatiently we fastened our eyes on the
pressure gauges, and impatiently watched the regis-
tered distance dwindle from forty feet to thirty-five,
from thirty-five to thirty, from thirty to twenty-five,
and from twenty-five to twenty! And now, in a sud-
den wild burst of joy, we realized that probably we
were saved! A pale but unmistakable radiance was
seeping in through the glass ports, a radiance far
more distinct and reassuring than the eerie lumi-
nescence we had noticed before. Certainly, this was
the sunlight—and in a few moments we might bask
again in the warmth of day!

  And as we rose from twenty feet to fifteen, and
from fifteen to ten, our hopes found increasing fuel.
The light filtering in through the windows brightened
at a rate that was more than heartening—and through
the clear waters, even without the aid of the search-
lights, we could distinguish a steep embankment, per-
haps fifty or a hundred yards away. And just above
us, almost within grasping distance, we thought we
could notice the line where water met air!

  But we had no intimation of the surprise that lay
in store for us. Today, as I look back upon those
events with clear perspective, it seems incredible to
me that we could actually have expected to escape at
once to the upper world. But hope had doubtless
blinded our eyes and suffering blunted our percep-
tions, so that we could not understand that we were
at the beginning, rather than at the end of our ad-
ventures.

SUDDENLY, with a furious lunge and an unwonted,
violent burst of speed, we found ourselves
300

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

launched upward toward the wavy, light-shot level that
was our goal; and now a blinding brilliance was upon
us, and for a moment we had to shade our eyes to
shield them from the dazzling change. Then, when by
degrees we were able to glance again about us, we
found that we were on the surface of the waters, actu-
ally on the surface!—but where was this that we
had come up? and in what strange and unmapped con-
tinent? There was scarcely one of us that could sup-
press a cry of astonishment—we were afloat, not upon
the ocean, as we had expected, but rather on a wide
and rapidly flowing river—a river that washed no
shores, ever described by human tongue! Altogether,
it was one of the weirdest and most magnificent lands
imaginable; on both sides of the stream spread a flat
plain, dotted with great sea shells and greenish bould-
ers, which in their turn were interspersed with a
mossy brow vegetation and pale, graceful flowers
like waterlilies on solitary stalks. At measured in-
tervals, as far as the eye could reach, were colossal
stone columns, enriched with pastel tintings of pink
and blue; and these shot upward hundreds of feet
as though supporting some titanic dome, ending, un-
accountably, in a dark, green sky from which glared
several sun-like, golden orbs, which suffused the
scene in a mellow, unearthly luster that was beautiful,
yet terrifying and ghostly.

  Rubbing our eyes, like children still not half awake,
we gazed at this fantastic, lovely spectacle. Not a
word did we speak; we could not have found language
to voice our amazement. Only the Captain, out of the
whole thirty-nine of us, retained some measure of
self-possession; and though, as he afterwards con-
fessed, he was so dazzled that he spoke and acted
mechanically, he did retain the presence of mind to
order our vessel steered to shore and anchored.

  It is still a marvel to me that we had the energy
to carry out these commands. Somehow we brought
the X-lll to land; and somehow, after several false
starts, we managed to moor the ship to a large
boulder in a sort of miniature bay.

  And then Stranahan proved again that he possessed
an original mind. Not only was he the first to force
himself out of the opening door of the submarine,
but he carried out a large American flag, which he
planted in the ground among the brown weeds be-
tween the boulders, while with sedate and ceremonious
gestures, he proclaimed, “In the name of the United
States of America, I take possession of this land!”

  But the rest of us gave no heed to his words. We
were taking deep, refreshing breaths of the pure,
clean air, which came to us almost like a mercy from
heaven after the suffocating atmosphere of the sub-
marine. And before we had had half the needed
time to revive our starving lungs, an astounding
phenomenon, as unexpected as the very discovery of
this spectral region, was to drive Stranahan from our
thoughts at the same time that it flooded our minds
with terror. For the golden lights above suddenly
flickered, gave out a fugitive spark or two, and with
meteor swiftness went out. We found ourselves
mantled in a starless and impenetrable blackness, more
mysterious and dreadful than the loneliest watery
abysses from which we had just escaped.

CHAPTER III
On Unknown Shores

NO sooner was the darkness complete than it
seemed to be populated with all manner of
weird and terrible things. The disappearance
of the light seemed to be the signal for the approach

of a host of evil monsters. A chorus of hoarse, un-
earthly voices, loud as the bellowing of a bull, re-
sounded about us in a deep, continuous bass; and
throaty gruntings and savage snorts and howlings
echoed and droned as thougli they issued from ten
thousand pairs of giant lungs. Dazed with horror,
we stared into the unbroken gloom like doomed men;

I had visions of colossal eyes smoldering from the
blackness, and jaws that struck and tore, and gnash-
ing teeth that rent and shattered.

 But it was not a moment before our dumbfounded
inaction was over. Pellmell we flung ourselves toward
the submarine, almost failing to find it in the dark-
ness, and tumbling tumultuously over one another in
our haste to crowd through the narrow door. Several
of the men were shoved accidentally into the water,
and Stranahan came in dripping from an unexpected
swim; while the Captain walked with a slight limp,
newly acquired.

  At length, however, we were all safely within the
ship, and the doors were barred against the un-
known peril. Several of the men, still trembling with
terror, were eager to get under way directly; but this
idea the Captain emphatically vetoed, declaring that
the X-lll was no longer seaworthy. All that we could
do now was to try to locate the danger with our search-
lights; and accordingly, we wasted no time before
switching on our powerful lanterns and revolving
them in slow circles that illumined by turns every
inch of the boulder-strewn, weedy plain. All in vain.
Although the unearthly chorus could be heard even
through the closed doors and showed no sign of dimin-
ishing, our searchlights revealed nothing that we had
not already seen.

  For some time we watched and waited—but nothing
happened. And at length, turning to us all with a
smile, the Captain advised, “Well, boys, we’ve all had
a pretty hard time of it. Suppose we just forget
about that racket out there and try to take a little
rest.”

  We were all glad enough to follow the Captain’s
suggestion. Several of the men were commissioned to
take turns standing watch; and the rest of us were
not long in seeking much needed sleep. Within a few
minutes, the deep and regular breathing from the
nearby bunks informed me that my companions had
temporarily forgotten the day’s adventures.

  For my own part, exhausted as I was, I could not
so readily find relief. The events not only of the past
few hours, but of many months, came trooping before
my mind in continuous blurred procession; I was
obsessed by my own imaginings, and from a dim-
half-consciousness, I would awaken time after time
to a vivid re-experiencing of some almost forgotten
episode. And, strangely enough, my reveries were
concerned mainly with a single phase of my life—the
phase I was now living. My youth and early man-
hood might almost not have existed, for all that I
remembered of them now; but I did sharply recall
how, at the outbreak of war more than a year ago,/
I had decided abruptly upon the action that h<ri
plunged me into my present plig*r£ Resigning my
position at Northeastern University, where I had been
serving as instructor in'tkssic Greek, I had enlisted
in the navy, and had promptly been sent to an offi-
cers’ training school, from which I had emerged as
Ensign. Friends had commended me upon my pa-
triotism, yet it was not patriotism, but rather the
greed for adventure, that had motivated my decision;
and now, as I looked back, it seemed ironic to me
that my previous uneventful days had been so much
more pleasant than any of my adventures. There was,
THE SUNKEN WORLD

301

however, one factor which had served to make those
days enjoyable, a factor without which even the most
active life would be barren indeed—and that factor
was one which could have no place in wartime. Fre-
quently, as I tossed and struggled fitfully on my nar-
row bunk, there flashed before me out of the darkness
the blue eyes and laughing face of one whom I could
scarcely recall without a pang; and I lived again with
Alma Huntley those sparkling days among the Ver-
mont hills, when she was to me all that life was, and
I won her promise of devotion among the scented pines
and to the music of rippling waters . . . That day
was long past, yet how actually it came back to mind!
And how acutely memory brought back a later day,
when her cheeks were moist and I held her in a
minute-long embrace, and mutual vows and soft mur-
murings were exchanged, and then there came the
sharpness of “Farewell!” and she was gone, lost amid
a blur of faces, and I marched sedately on while the
world was blotted out in loneliness and grief . . . Oh,
why had I left her, plunging thus among these un-
known horrors? . . . Fervently, as I lay there listen-
ing to the uncanny bellowings from the ghostly world
without, I longed to reach out my arms to her, to
hold her warmly, to speak to her, and to hear her
speak, if only one loved word. . . .

  But even the most intense yearning may be blotted
out by sleep. And at last, after hours, I lost my
memories in unconsciousness—an intermittent uncon-
sciousness, broken by disturbed dreams and vague
images of death and disaster. . . .

I OPENED my eyes to find a bright, golden light
pouring in through the unshuttered windows. Sur-
prised, I leapt to my feet, and discovered that the
great mysterious golden orbs were shining as before’
from far above, the boulder-strewn plain glimmered as
clearly as at first, the massive columns were still fairy-
like in their tints of pale pink and blue, while the
hideous bestial noises had unaccountably ceased.

  Hastily I dressed and rejoined my companions. I
found them gathered about in a little circle, earnestly
talking; and they welcomed me gladly into their dis-
cussion, the subject of which I at once surmised. For
what but our mysterious plight could now occupy our
minds and tongues? None of us, as yet, had more
than the faintest inkling of where we were or what
had befallen us. That we were in some sort of cavern
beneath the sea was the belief of the Captain and
several of the men, but this region seemed so oddly
unlike a cavern that the explanation was not gener-
ally accepted; and the more superstitious were in-
clined to hold that we had been bewitched into some
sort of supernatural, goblin realm. For my own part,
I could hardly understand how we could be in a sub-
marine cavern without being completely flooded; and
much less could I understand how we could be in any
known land above seas.

  Obviously, the only likely source of information was
through exploration. And since it was not possible
to conduct any explorations with the aid of the dis-
abled X-lll, the Captain took the only other available
course—which was to order some of the men to set
forth into the Unknown on foot, determine the lay of
the land and return as soon as possible with whatever
tidings they might gather.

  Stangale and Howlett, being the most experienced
veterans, were selected to make the initial attempt. In
a few minutes, they set off cheerfully together,
equipped with firearms and a day’s supply of food and
drink, with instructions to return within twenty-four
hours at the latest.

  Twelve or fifteen hours went by while we waited
impatiently; the great golden orbs flashed out as mys-
teriously as before, and for eight or ten hours we
slept; then, upon awakening, we found the lights still
shining as brightly as ever, and noted that it was time
for the return of our two scouts. We watched in
vain for their arrival. Not a moving thing greeted us
from the unchanging, bouldery plain; hours went by;
excited speculation gave way to more excited specu-
lation, and wild rumor to still wilder rumor; the
suspense became tantalizing, and yet there was noth-
ing to do but wait. Had the men lost their way? or
had they met with some disastrous adventure? or had
the savage inhabitants of these wild realms seized
and imprisoned them? To these questions there was
no answer, though many were the conjectures. When
the darkness had fallen upon us once again, and once
again we had slept and awakened to find the golden
light restored, we knew that it was time to set out in
search of the missing ones.

  This time the Captain called for volunteers to in-
vade the Unknown, which, as he warned us, might be
dangerous beyond all expectations; and after half the
crew had offered themselves for the adventure, his
choice fell upon Ripley and Stranahan.

  It was with genuine regret that I watched these
two gallant seamen set forth amid the reeds by the
river’s brink, to disappear at length among the bould-
ers and behind the great stone columns. Somehow, as
I lost sight of them, I had a sense that we might not
see them again so soon. I was sad as though with
a forewarning of disaster; and, as I reflected upon
the pitfalls and dangers they might have to face, I
experienced more than one twinge of vicarious fear.

  Worst of all, my misgivings seemed to be justified
by time. Twelve hours passed, and the explorers had
not returned; twenty-four hours, and there was still
no word from them, though they had been given ex-
plicit orders to be back. With grim, set eyes, the
Captain stood alone by the river bank, gazing sternly
into that wilderness which had already engulfed four
of his men; and the rest of the crew stood chattering
fearfully among themselves, declaring that this land
was “haunted,” "spooky,” and “thick with devils.”

  It was curious to note how, in these weird, un-
known domains, outworn superstitions were being re-
born; how ready the men were to believe in goblins,
dragons, sea serpents, werewolves and all manner of
fantastic monsters. Even the more enlightened of us
seemed about to forget all that civilization had taught
us; and, in the failure of all that we had been ac-
customed to cling to, we were clutching at a savage,
terrorizing faith in incredible and ghostly things.

  By the time that Stranahan and Ripley had been
absent forty-eight hours, the crew was in a state of
impatience verging upon madness. The fluttering of
a feather would have sent them scampering like fright-
ened horses; the buzzing of a bee might have been
the signal for spasms of dread. On one occasion, in-
deed, the chirping of some cricket-like insect did put
half a dozen of the men into a panic; and on another
occasion three or four of them turned pale merely upon
hearing the swishing and flapping of a small fish in
the river.

  It was when the excitement was nearing its highest
that the Captain called once more for volunteers to
search for the missing men. But so deep-rooted and
paralyzing was the general alarm that only two of us
offered our names—young Phil Rawson and myself. I
do not know what strange wave of courage had sud-
denly emboldened this timorous recruit while less cal-
low men held back. For my own part, I must admit
302

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

that I volunteered from the mere desire to .escape
from ennui and the half-frenzied rabble of my com-
rades. But, whatever our motives, we were promptly
to be launched into adventures that were not only to
test our hardihood, but to prove interesting beyond
anything we could have imagined.

CHAPTER IV

A Tour of Exploration

RAWSON and I had been gone not half an hour
when the aspect of the country began suddenly
to change. It was as though we had passed
some indistinguishable boundary, for the boulders were
rapidly becoming less numerous, and at length disap-
peared entirely, while at the same time the odd, mossy
vegetation became astonishingly rich and profuse. Or,
to be precise, it gave place to a different vegetation
entirely, an unearthly vegetation, almost too strange

and undulations close to the river’s brink. It was not
like one of those paths which nature occasionally plans,
or which are due to the tracks of wild beasts, for it had
a regularity of design and an evenness of width that
proved it to be unmistakably the work of man. Yet
what man could have penetrated before us into these
uncanny sunless depths? At the mere thought that
others might have preceded us we involuntarily shud-
dered; we were half convinced that we were intruders
into a tomb closed ages ago. But despite this convic-
tion, we kept a constant, half-terrified outlook for
sign of human presence.

  It was not long before our vigilance was rewarded.
Abruptly the path before us widened, until it was
of the size of a broad highway; and above the dense
masses of vegetation, we beheld in astonishment the
looming marble pillars of a Grecian colonnade. To-
ward this the road led in long and graceful curves;
and it was but a few minutes before we found our-

  _ —* _	—and from a narrow focus of flame, two huge burning green

                    eyes would shoot forth, darting cold malice at us through
the glass port ... Or else a tiny flattened disk, softly
phosphorescent throughout and marked on one surfacc by two bright beady eyes,
would come floating in our direction like a pale apparition . . .

for belief. At the risk of being accused of fabrica-
tion, I must describe those incredible plants: the creep-
ers with long leaves of lace-like brown, which twined
in dainty wreaths and veils about the olive-green boles
of limbless trees, the bushes, shaped like starfishes, and
of the hue of dried grass, with diaphanous flowers
that a breath might have blown away; the cinnamon-
brown reeds that rose to double a man’s height, end-
ing in a profusion of cucumber-shaped fruits; the
peculiar, abundant growth that looked at a distance
like a great earthen jar, but proved upon closer ex-
amination to be the hollow container of a species of
milk-white down that grew in long and silken strands
like untended hair.

  So dense was the foliage that we would not have
been able to force our way through it, and would
not have dared to make the attempt, had it not been
for a sharply cut path which wound in leisurely curves

selves at the entrance of a covered walk or “stoa”
that brought back to me vivid memories of “the glory
that was Greece.” On both sides of us the palely-
tinted Ionic columns rose to a majestic height, daintily
ornamented at the base with the acanthus design, and
curving in symmetrical proportions that brought to
mind the perfection of the Parthenon; while the marble
floor on which we walked and the marble ceiling above
us were frescoed with figures that seemed drawn bodily
from the romance of the ancient world. They were
not wholly Greek. I knew these pictures of sportive
mermaids and lightning-hurling gods and dragon-slay-
ing heroes and misty caves of twilight and the throb-
bing lyre; but there was something suggestively Greek
about them all; and steeped as I was in the lore of
ancient Hellas, I had the singular feeling that the
hand of time had been turned backward two thousand
years or more.
THE SUNKEN WORLD

303

  This feeling was accentuated when, having followed
the covered walk for a distance of several hundred
yards, I observed that it led to a magnificent, many-
columned edifice which could pass for nothing if not
for a temple of the ancient gods. It was a structure
of solid marble, white marble artistically varied with
veilings of black; its pillars were massive as the
trunks of the giant redwoods I had seen in the Cali-
fornia forests years before, and like those redwoods,
produced an effect of solemnity and awe; but all was
so perfectly designed and proportioned that, while the
building occupied an area perhaps as large as the
average city block, it gave an effect less of magnitude
than of artistic completeness and beauty. No living
thing was visible about the precincts of this amazing
temple, nor would I have expected any living thing in
what I had come subconsciously to regard as a realm
of the dead; but I was overawed at thought of this
abandoned loveliness, and paused at some distance to
regard it reflectively, mentally asking whether it was
some still undiscovered survival from classical times or
whether I was but seeing a vision.

  A suppressed exclamation from young Rawson
brought me back to reality—or, at least, to the un-
believable thing that passed for reality. In the very
center of the swift-rolling river, the banks of which
paralleled the colonnade at a distance of a dozen paces,
I observed a low-lying, gliding form, gracefully ele-
vated at both extremes, which at the first terrified
glimpse I took to be some fabulous monster, but which
I soon recognized as some sort of boat or canoe. Be-
fore I had had time for a half-composed glance at it,
it had gone speeding out of view; but in its fast-
moving frame, I thought I could distinguish half a
dozen dusky bobbing shapes, and half a dozen pairs
of oars that reached out rhythmically, and noiselessly
clove the dark waters. Later, when I had had time
for reflection, I was to recognize this strange craft as
akin to the shadowy apparition, the unknown sea mon-
ster which had so terrified us in the submarine; but
at present I was overwhelmed by the knowledge that
this weird place was actually peopled, peopled by living
men whom at any moment we might meet face to
face!

WE had scarcely recovered from this surprise when
an even greater surprise flashed upon us. Out of
the windows of the temple, which we had believed long
closed to human sound, a strange, thin music began
to float, serenely beautiful and of elfin remoteness and
charm. . . . And while, entranced, we listened to those
magical strains, there came the fluttering of a butter-
fly gown, and from the temple doors issued a shim-
mering, dancing form, followed by a score of other
dancing, shimmering forms—scarcely human, we be-
lieved, so ethereal did they seem in the flashing and
waving of arms, the swift rhythm of feet, and the play
and interplay of pale blue and gold and pink and
lavender and white from their flowing and multi-
colored robes. A singular iridescence seemed to over-
spread them, almost a halo such as may envisage a
goddess; and, gaping and enthralled, we gazed on them
as men might gaze on Venus were she to return to
earth. Now down the long colonnade they started,
tripping toward us with birdlike gestures and the
airy unreality of perfect time and movement; and,
fearful to disturb the vision by our gross presence,
we hid ourselves behind the great stone columns, peep-
ing out furtively as though they might vanish bubble-
like at our gaze. But, apparently absorbed in their
dance, they continued gracefully toward us, not glanc-
ing to right or to left, and catching no hint of our

intrusion—until, as the procession drew more near and
the charm of the music more compelling, I peered out
too incautiously from behind my marble bulwark, and
found myself staring full into the face of the most
ravishingly beautiful woman I had ever beheld. There
was a quality about her face that seemed to mark it
as not of the earth, the Madonnas of old paintings
have something of that look; and the most perfect
womanly bust that sculptor has ever conceived; but
there was also a vividness and an animation that no
mere painting or statue has ever shared, together with
an air of such innocence, such candor and kindliness
of soul that, had I been a believer in angels, I might
have gone down straightway upon my knees.

  But all this I beheld in the space between two heart-
beats. Even as the vision greeted me it vanished; the
beautiful clear eyes were distended with terror upon
their first contact with mine; there came a scream of
fright, followed by a chorus of screams; then a scurry-
ing of fast-retreating feet, and the bright, fairy-like
shapes had vanished; and the empty river flowed si-
lently past the empty colonnade and temple.

CHAPTER V
The Mysterious City

THE next few hours showed us a continuous amaz-
ing panorama. The marble temple proved to be
but one of a series connected by long and grace-
ful colonnades; and in the central structures, the Ionic
and Doric architecture were curiously mingled with a
type that seemed scarcely Grecian at all, since it ad-
mitted of all variety of arches and curves unknown
to the builders of classical Hellas. Most remarkable
of all, perhaps, were the gorgeously ornamented vases
—some of them six or eight feet in height—which
were of a style akin to those excavated from the ruins
of old Ilium. But what caught my eye even more
strikingly were the statues that occasionally appeared
in niches along the marble galleries or in alcoves of
the temples—statues that would surely not have been
unworthy of a Praxiteles, since even Praxiteles could
not have surpassed the symmetry of form and the un-
strained reality of pose and expression with which
these unknown artists had depicted their wrestling
heroes and dancing fauns and stern-browed old men
and queenly maidens and gracious youths. For one
who had been nurtured on modern art, these busts and
marbles were as old paintings would be to him who
had known only sketches in black and white; there
was none of that snowy coldness or bronze severity of
hue which are so common in sculpture today, but all
of the statues had been skilfully tinted with the com-
plexion of life, and such was the verisimilitude, that
several times I started in surprise on beholding what
I took to be a living man but which proved to be only
an image of stone. I was interested, moreover, to note
that none of the sculptured features had that peculiar
hardness and selfish keenness so common among the
men I had known, but that all seemed suffused with
a clear and tranquil spirituality; and every lyric im-
pulse within me was awakened when I observed on
many of the faces of the women that same unearthly
Madonna look which had graced the butterfly-gowned
dancing maiden.

  But, of course, Rawson and I did not allow our
pleasure in the statuary to keep our minds from more
vital subjects. Above all, we maintained a constant
lookout for the inhabitants of these queer regions,
for we could no longer suppress the suspicion that un-
seen furtive eyes were peeping out at us from behind
every pillar and wall. For my own part, I had more
304

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

than one qualm that I did not care to admit, and
secretly wished myself back on the X-lll; and as for
Rawson—I found that youth afflicted with far too
much imagination for an adventurer, and repeatedly
begged him to keep his fantastic fears to himself.

  But there was no repressing the excitable young
Rawson. When he was not drawing pictures of the
serpents and wild beasts that probably infested the
thickets beside the temples, he would be diverting me
with the most grewsome ghost stories I had ever
heard; and he went so far as to suggest that the
dancing girls had been only airy apparitions, while
the brilliant golden lights above us had no more real-
ity than a will-o’-the-wisp. Evidently he had been too
much nurtured on fiction of the blood-and-terror
variety, for only a devotee of the most hectic adven-
ture tales could have imagined, as he did, that our
pathway was beset with robbers’ lairs, pirates’ dens,
Scorpions and crocodiles, head-hunting cannibals, siren
TO>men luring us to destruction, and murderous des-
peradoes of a thousand ilks and guilds.

  Fortunately for my peace of mind, I heard not
half of Rawson’s ravings, for my interest in the way-
side architecture served as a distraction. For two
or three hours I was occupied with inspecting the
gracefully connecting galleries of five or six temples;
and, having passed the last of the group, I was ab-
sorbed in my observations of a long, marble colonnade
which extended apparently for miles in a straight
line amid the gray and brown fantastic vegetation.

  And now it was that I made the most startling
discovery of the day. At intervals along the floor
of the colonnade, which was of a red and yellow
mosaic of baked and hardened clay, appeared deeply-
graven inscriptions which I paused eagerly to survey.
At first I thought that they were in 110 known lan-
guage, but it was not long before I had detected a
certain resemblance between the characters and those
of the ancient Greek. Profiting from my collegiate
study of that tongue, I puzzled over the words while
Rawson stood by impatiently urging me to be off; and
one by one I succeeded in identifying the letters with
those of the Greek alphabet! Not every one of the
characters, it is true, could be recognized with assur-
ance, but enough of them were unmistakably Greek
to give me a clue to the whole; and at length I found
myself making a translation that might solve the
entire mystery of this extraordinary land.

BUT the process was a slow and plodding one, and
I did not make the progress I had expected. Even
though the letters were clear enough, the meaning of
the words was not. Evidently this was not the Greek
of Plato or Thucidydes, in which I had been thoroughly
schooled; but rather it was a language that was to
classical Greek what Chaucer is to modern English.
Still, I was not completely discouraged, for I did
manage to make out an occasional word, though not
at first enough to give meaning to any passage. All
in all, considering the limited time at my disposal,
my efforts seemed futile; and I was about to yield to
Rawson’s importunities and give up this diverting
study for further exploration, when suddenly I made a
successful discovery. I must have come upon a passage
simpler than the rest, for unexpectedly half a sentence
flashed upon me with clear-cut meaning at once so
striking and so enigmatical that I stopped short with
a little cry of surprise.

  "Placed here in the year Three Thousand of the
Submergence,” ran the words, which occurred in large
lettering at the base of a statue of a strong man
trampling down the ruins of what looked like a steel

building. "Placed here . . .” at this point were sev-
eral words that I could not make out—"in celebration
of the Good Destruction.”

  “In celebration of the Good Destruction!” I repeated,
after translating the words aloud. “Sounds as if writ-
ten by a madman!”

  “Maybe you didn’t read it right,” commented Raw-
son.

  This suggestion, of course, I ignored. “Wonder
what the Submergence can mean,” I continued, medi-
tatively. “That doesn’t seem to make sense, either.”

  “No, it doesn’t," Rawson admitted, with a thought-
ful drawl. “Everything down here seems sort of
topsy-turvy. Suppose we go on and see what else
we can find out.”

  I nodded a hesitating assent, and we proceeded on
our way in silence. But, though we did not speak,
our thoughts were active indeed, for more than ever
I was convinced that somehow, unaccountably, we were
amid the remains of a Grecian or pre-Grecian country-
side. Had Socrate3 or the radiant Phobus himself
stepped out of the grave to greet me, I would not
have been surprised; and I more than half expected
to catch a glimpse of Athena’s robe from behind the
dark shrubbery, or to see the winged feet of Hermes
or hear the clear notes of Pan.

  But neither Pan nor Hermes nor any of their
famed kindred presented themselves upon the scene.
And after walking at a good pace for more than an
hour along the marble colonnade, I forgot those inter-
esting individuals in contemplation of a scene that
left me gaping in greater astonishment than if I had
invaded a council of the high Olympian gods. For
some minutes a series of huge templed domes and
columns, dimly visible through rifts in the vegetation,
had attracted my attention and aroused Rawson’s mis-
givings; but neither of us had had any intimation
of the sight that was to greet us when at length we
came to the end of the colonnade.

  Suddenly we saw a clay road sloping down sharply
beneath us, and found ourselves gazing out over a
valley more dazzling than we had ever before known
or imagined. Through its center flowed the great
river, with gentle loops and twinings; above us, as
before, reached the dark-green sky illumined with
the golden suns; and an innumerable multitude of
palely tinted columns, like the tree trunks of some
colossal forest, shot upward to that sky as though
to support it. But what were truly remarkable were
the buildings that adorned the plain. On both sides
of the river they stretched, far to the distance and
out of sight, palaces of. white marble and of black
marble, of jade and of alabaster, some with an ele-
gant symmetry of Greek columns, some with a solidity
of masonry that seemed half Egyptian, some with an
almost Oriental profusion of spires and turrets, of
porticoes and balconies and arches and domes. But
all alike were reared in perfect taste, and with perfect
regard to the style of their neighbors; all alike faced
on wide avenues, flowery lanes or lawny and statue-
dotted parks; all appeared but parts of a single de-
sign which, when seen from above, was like some
consummate tapestry patterned by a master artist.

  As Rawson and I stood staring at this matchless
scene, I suddenly recalled the steeples and towers of
that city we had seen beneath us in the submarine.
A strange similarity in the outlines of the buildings
impressed itself upon me—then in a flash it came to
me that the two cities were one and the same! And
at that instant I shuddered, amazed and horrified at
the abrupt solution of the mystery ... It was as the
Captain had suggested; we were indeed beneath the
THE SUNKEN WORLD

305

ocean, thousands of feet beneath the ocean, in some
cavern inexplicably spared from the waters and
haunted by the ghosts and relics of some ancient and
vanished race!

CHAPTER VI

The Temple of the Stars

FAR from echoing the agitation I felt, Rawson
seemed actually pleased at the turn of events. It
piqued his imagination to think that we should be
so far beneath the sea; and he conjured up all manner
of alluring possibilities that testified more to his
youth than to his common sense. He suggested that
we were the discoverers of a great and magnificent
empire which we should explore, conquer and then
annex to the United States; and he formed his plans
regardless of the probability that we should never see
the United States again, and almost as though there
were regular transportation facilities to the upper
world. The sheer scientific difficulties—the apparent
impossibility that a cavern free from water could exist
beneath the ocean, the even more striking impossi-
bility that human beings could inhabit such a cavern
—seemed to make little impression upon the illogical
mind of Rawson; and he was convinced that only by
the rarest good fortune had we been entombed in these
fantastic and dream-like depths.

  So intense was his enthusiasm, that he urged me to
descend at once with him to the many-templed city.
But I did not willingly accede; I pointed out that it
would be wiser to hasten back to the submarine, in-
form Captain Gavison of what we had seen, and re-
turn here—if we returned at all—in greater numbers
than at present. Besides, as I reminded Rawson, the
Captain had ordered us back within twenty-four hours;
and, if we dallied, some mischance might delay us until
too late.

  Had Rawson but had a dim prevision of the black
hours ahead, he would certainly have accepted my
suggestions. But, perversely enough, he seemed to be
almost without his usual fears just when those fears
might have proved most useful. And since of course
I could not allow myself to be outdone in bravery by
a mere boy, I had to signify a grudging assent to his
proposal. I must confess, however, that my motives
were not unmixed, for pictures of the iridescent danc-
ing girl kept flitting before my mind and would give
me no peace; and I may have had hopes (I will not
say that I did) of meeting her again in this city of
fountains and palaces.

  But not a living creature could be seen stirring in
the avenues of that strange town as Rawson and I
began our slow descent. Once or twice we thought we
saw the glimmer of a light or the flash of some mov-
ing thing in the far distance, but we could not be
sure; and the silence and the immobility gave the
general effect of a city of the dead. There was some-
thing ghostly about that calm, still atmosphere, some-
thing that might have made me turn back in alarm
had it not been for the presence of Rawson; but there
was also something soothingly peaceful, a charmed
quiet that brought to mind the fairy tales I had
heard in childhood, and in particular that enchanted
palace where the Sleeping Beauty had slumbered for a
hundred years. Here, I thought, one might dream away
a hundred years or a thousand, and never know that
time had passed at all; here, conceivably, the ancient
world might lapse into the modern, and the modern
into the far future without apparent change.

  My reveries were interrupted by our arrival at the
gates of the city. We passed beneath a high arch

almost Roman in style, with marble base and facade
ornamented with strange blue sea-shells; then, proceed-
ing along a winding cement walk inlaid with mother-
of-pearl, we approached the most stately palace of all.
In architecture, it was totally dissimilar to anything
we had ever before observed: although perhaps five
hundred feet in length, it was as much like a great
statue as like a building; it had none of those features
common in edifices for the shelter of man and his
works, but seemed to have been erected exclusively as
a piece of art. Its form was that of a woman, a
woman reclining at full length, her breast to the
ground, her head slightly elevated, propped medita-
tively upon her palm; and the structure as a whole
had been planned with such subtlety and skill, with
such consummate attention to every detail of the
woman’s position, form and garments and to the
beatific and yet lifelike expression of the face, that
Rawson and I could only pause in bewildered silence
and stare and stare as though this work had been
created through no human agency but by some super-
human master hand.

  In that first spellbound moment, it did not occur
to us that there might be an entrance to the palace.
But at length, where a lock of the woman’s dark,
sculptured hair fell across her breast, we noted a
little doorway so skilfully concealed that it had orig-
inally escaped our attention. Since the gate swung
wide upon the hinges, curiosity, of course, prompted
us to glance within—and with results that proved but
a further spur to curiosity. All that we could see
was a pale, golden glitter against a background of
black; but imagination supplied that which our physi-
cal sight could not reveal, and we had visions of
gorgeous halls and corridors which we longed to in-
spect.

HAD our courage been sufficient, we would have
entered at once. The idea, in fact, came to both
of us simultaneously, but at first neither of us could
summon up the requisite boldness. There seemed to
be something mysteriously, almost irresistibly, attrac-
tive about that twinkling darkness, something that held
us fascinated and forbade us to leave; and for several
minutes we stood hesitating, and straining our eyes,
yet making no motion to invade the unknown.

  Then, when the suspense had become so protracted
as to be ridiculous, Rawson surprised me by exclaim-
ing, suddenly, “I’m not afraid!” And at the same time
he slapped his sides energetically as though to prove
to himself that he had no fears. “I’m going right
in!” he announced, with what I thought to be un-
necessary loudness. And, feeling for his revolver with
a hand that trembled perceptibly, Rawson strode reso-
lutely into the building.

  There was nothing for me to do but follow. But,
somehow, I could not help wishing that my friend had
not been so rash; and, somehow, I foresaw that we
might not be able to leave this strange edifice so
easily as we had entered.

  But, once within, we forgot our misgivings in con-
templation of the magnificent scene around us. I
had been in luxurious galleries before; I had seen the
most ornate salons of the Old World, and the most
lavishly bedecked of mosques and cathedrals; but
never had I viewed or imagined so utterly sublime a
hall. Here was a new art of the interior decorator,
an art that seemed wholly without parallel in human
experience; I was scarcely conscious that I was in-
doors, but rather felt myself to be in the open, in
the open at night, under the wide and glittering
heavens, with the light of innumerable stars above me,
306	AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

and the dim cloudy arch of the Milky Way. How
the artist had produced his effect was more than I
could say, but somehow, in his limited space, he had
given the impression of vastness and distance, of the
mystery and infinite silence of the starlight; and as I
stood there entranced, I could almost imagine that I
Was back again on earth, gazing out into the night-
ekies as I had gazed so often from the Vermont hills
iwith Alma Huntley. . . . And yet, perfectly patterned
as they were, these skies were not the skies I had
known. As I stood there watching, I became aware
that certain of the constellations were slightly, almost
indistinguishably out of position, the stars not quite
in their proper relations to one another—and why
this was, I could not attempt to say. But more strik-
ing was another alteration that had been wrought de-
liberately and with subtle artistry: above the stars, and
about the thin girdle of the Milky Way, were filmy
formations of light, which—perhaps it was only my
imagination—gradually resolved themselves into tenu-
ous human figures. One, an exquisitely graceful
woman, seemed to be playing upon some lyre-like
instrument; another, a youth with head uplifted as
though in enraptured contemplation, impressed me as
the spirit of all human aspiration; and still others, no
less consummately outlined, appeared to represent the
hopes and loves and immortal yearnings of man.

  But while I remained rooted there in ecstatic con-
templation, filled with wonder at the paradox of be-
holding the stars thousands of feet beneath the sea,
there occurred one of those changes by which occa-
sionally a beautiful dream becomes distorted into a
nightmare. Imagine the consternation of one who,
while gazing at the cloudless night-skies, finds black-
ness suddenly sweeping all about him—a blackness that
has quenched the stars as a storm might quench a
candle flame. Such consternation was ours, and even
greater horror, for without so much as a flicker of
warning, the lights of the seeming heavens flashed
out, and darkness stretched above us and all about
us, a darkness so all-consuming that not even a
shadow remained. With half-suppressed cries of ter-
ror, Rawson and I turned to one another, each totally
invisible in the blank night; and before we had had
time for coherent speech, there came a rattling and
a slamming from behind us, and we knew that the
one possible exit had been closed and that we were
prisoners in this unknown place.

CHAPTER VII
Trapped

FOR a moment we were like rats newly trapped.
All trace of reason left us in our sudden furious
terror; we began to scurry blindly to and fro, to
and fro in the darkness, panic-stricken in our frenzy
to escape. Where we were dashing we did not know,
nor whether we might not be rushing into greater
peril still; we collided more than once with the un-
seen walls, stumbled over invisible objects on the
floor, and went fumbling about in long loops and
circles—but all to no avail. The marvel is not that
we accomplished nothing, but that we did not break
our necks, for so utterly fear-maddened were we that
it was minutes before we had any thought of ceasing
our mad perambulations and considering our predica-
ment calmly and rationally.

  If I can judge aright from my confused memories
of those terrible moments, it was the sound of a
heavy body falling that shocked me back to my senses.
The fall, which was thudding and resonant, was ac-
companied by a suppressed oath, which seemed to

issue from far to my rear, but which none the less
sounded familiar.

  “Rawson!” I cried, stopping short, and forgetting
caution in my alarm. “Are you hurt?”

  “No, I’m not hurt,” came the drawled reply, as
though from a tremendous distance. And then, after
a groan, “No, I’m all right.”

  “Where are you?” I yelled back. “How can I get
to you?”

  Rawson shouted directions, and I went groping to-
ward him. The process was by no means easy, for I
was guided wholly by the senses of touch and hearing,
and more than once I came into painful contact with
some unforeseen obstacle. But after some minutes I
found myself grasping a solid, yielding mass which I
recognized as the arm of my friend.

  Rawson was as glad as I of our reunion. Somehow,
now that we were together again, we both felt much
stronger and the unknown foe seemed less redoubt-
able. Yet that foe seemed terrible enough as we sat
there on the floor conversing in whispers. Although
we had regained some slight composure, the falling
of a pin might have sent us off into convulsions; and
our imaginations were busy painting grotesque and
shadowy horrors.

  “What can it mean?” murmured Rawson, as he sat
with his hand upon my knee, as though to reassure
himself by the mere physical fact of my presence.
“What do you think it can mean?”

  I declined to venture any direct reply, although
suggestions sufficiently dreadful were piling up in my
brain.

  “Remember how Stranahan and the others were
lost,” continued Rawson, solemnly, as if the explana-
tion of their disappearance were now self-evident.

  “I don’t see what that has to do with us,” I
argued. And then, with a forced attempt at bravado,
“Don’t worry, Rawson. Chances are everything will
turn out all right.”

  “I hope so,” conceded Rawson, in a tone indicating
that he rather wished things would turn out badly.
And, by way of fanning my courage, he entertained
me with the most ghastly stories he could imagine—
stories of men trapped in coal mines, men lost in
labyrinthine caves, men entombed in deep pits or im-
mured in lightless dungeons. To all these tales I
listened with growing uneasiness, meanwhile racking
my mind to remember a parallel to our own predica-
ment. But I could think of nothing that even remotely
resembled it; and, having nothing to say, I answered
Rawson only in monosyllables.

  Perhaps owing to the terseness of my replies—or
perhaps because of the terror of our plight—his loqua-
cious mood soon deserted him. It was not long before
we had lapsed into silence; and it was minutes before
either of us spoke again. Meantime the darkness was
so intense, the silence so complete and the stillness so
absolute that I was persecuted with all manner of
fantastic fears. What unknown horrors were brew-
ing in these serene depths? What grotesque or malevo-
lent or even murderous things? In my anxiety, I
peopled the gloom with monstrous shapes of a thou-
sand varieties, with slimy, crawling serpents, with
lithe, crouching panthers, with great apes, whose
brawny arms could strangle a man, and—worst of all
—with slinking, barbarous humans that crept up slyly
to seize and tab one in the dark.

  By degrees my imaginings were becoming so grew-
some that I could no longer endure them. And, mere-
ly to find relief from myself, I whispered, “Come,
Rawson, it’s senseless to sit here doing nothing.
Maybe we can find some exit, if only we look care-
THE SUNKEN WORLD

307

fully enough. What do you say? Shall we try anyhow?”

  "I say it’s a good idea,” assented Rawson, rising
cautiously to his feet.

  Without a word I followed his example, and for
the next half hour we groped laboriously along the
walls, which we found to be of an ice-cold stone, as
smooth as polished marble, absolutely perpendicular
and apparently without a flaw or break. Our move-
ments were slow and even agonizing, for the black-
ness was still unbroken, and in that hushed, mysteri-
ous place, the slightest sound would send sharp tremors
running down our spines. Even the grating of our
own shoes against the floor seemed to take on a
sinister, uncanny meaning; the whispered tones of our
own voices seemed unhallowed and ghostly; while the
occasional rapping of our fists against the walls or
our clattering contact with some unseen obstacle sent
the echoes ringing and reverberating with unearthly,
hollow notes until our overwrought nerves quivered
at the rustling of our clothing or at the sound of
our own breath.

  Possibly two or three times we encircled that great
hall—in the darkness it was impossible to tell where
our starting place had been—but we could find no
indication of any passageway or door. And at length,
exhausted by the strain, we crouched on the floor
near the wall and waited miserably for something to
happen. Almost anything that could have happened—
no matter how grim and terrible—would have been a
relief; but the quiet was undisturbed, while we sat
tense and alert, with fast-throbbing hearts, and eyes
that searched and searched the gloom in vain. Neither
of us spoke now; and the garrulous Rawson seemed
wrapped up in his own dismal thoughts. How long a
period passed thus I cannot say; my watch may have
recorded whole hours, but certainly my thoughts re-
corded whole years, for I have lived years that knew
less of suspense, uneasiness and dread.

  But at last, after endless waiting, relief came with

disconcerting suddenness. As though by the turning
of an electric switch, a dazzlingly brilliant light flashed
into view above us—a light that contrasted strangely
with the stars of some hours before, and that shone
blindingly in a pale blue field like the sun in the
cloudless heavens. Then, while we stood shading our
eyes from the glaring illumination, we observed just
opposite us, the gate through which we had doubtless
entered. And with surprise we noted that it moved
slowly upon its hinges; that slowly and as if by
magic it made clear the way of escape!

  “The place is enchanted!” muttered Rawson, in
dazed fascination. “Come, let’s get out of here!”

  But when, overjoyed at our rescue, we started to-
ward the gate, an unexpected obstacle intruded. Half
a dozen of the queerest beings we had ever seen came
crowding into our path—tall, butterfly-like creatures
with faces almost waxen pale and long capes and
robes of pink and blue and lavender and yellow pastel
tints. All had long, flowing light red or golden hair
which reached at least to the shoulders; one, apparently
the oldest, wore an ample beard, but the majority
were smooth shaven; none had headgear of any type,
and all were shod with sandals covered with green
moss, above which for several inches the unclothed
legs were visible. From the blank, amazed stares with
which they greeted us, it was evident that our appear-
ance was as much a surprise to them as theirs was to
us. But from a certain sternness and resolution which
invested their faces following the first speechless
astonishment, we concluded that they had probably seen
others of our kind, and were not disposed to treat
us leniently.

  We noted also that, though quivering with dread,
they kept the exit firmly blocked. And in the long,
staring silence that ensued, we felt in dismay that
at last we had met the masters of this strange land;
and with sinking hearts we realized that our chances
of escape had vanished.

Wc all looked up. The ceiling was bulging inches downward, as though the terrific pressure of the waters were already bursting the tougb'

                                                      steel envelope of the X-lll.
308

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

CHAPTER VIII
Sapphire and Amber

IT may have been no more than thirty seconds be-
fore the silence was broken, though it felt like
many, many minutes. But at length one of the new-
comers, turning to his companions, the while keeping
his eyes still fastened upon us, began to speak in low,
rhythmic tones that were singularly musical and
pleasant. I could catch not one syllable of what he
said, though I strained my ears in the attempt; nor
could I understand any syllable of what his fellows
spoke in reply, though their voices too were so soft
and sweet-sounding that they might have been in-
toning poetry. Yet, in spite of the gentleness of their
voices, I could detect a certain excitement in their
manner; and, from their casual nods and gestures in
our direction, I was only too certain of the theme of
their discussion.

  After several minutes of whispered conversation,
one of the strangers stepped toward us and raised
his voice as if addressing us. As might have been
foretold, I understood nothing of what he said; and,
as this was no doubt what he expected, he did not
look surprised, but after a moment ceased speaking
and motioned us to follow him.

  Since there was manifestly nothing else to do, we
obeyed readily enough, and were glad indeed to find
ourselves stepping once more through the doorway and
out into the street, even though the half dozen
strangers had grouped themselves on all sides of us
as a sort of bodyguard. We knew, in fact, that we
were virtually prisoners, and yet were no longer
alarmed, for no imprisonment could be worse than
that which we had already suffered. Also we had an
intuitive sense that we should not be badly treated;
whether out of consideration for our feelings or mere-
ly because they were afraid of us, our attendants did
not attempt to lay hands on us or to coerce us in any
way. Yet when they indicated by gestures the direc-
tion in which they desired us to walk, we had no
thought of objecting, but obeyed as docilely as though
they were our acknowledged masters.

  For a distance of possibly two or three miles they
led us with them through the city streets; and far
from brooding over our predicament (which was mani-
festly serious), we amused ourselves with observing
the sights of the town. Dozens of the inhabitants
had come out to peer at us as we strode past; and,
though they kept at a cautious distance, we could see
them clearly enough: their slender, graceful forms and
blond features, their amiable blue eyes and rippling,
unbound hair, their loose-hanging, light-tinted robes,
variously colored from buff and lilac to azure and
pale rose, gave them the appearance less of human
beings than of walking butterflies or flowers.

  But even more interesting to us than these humans
was the architecture of the town. We were fasci-
nated, first of all, by the very pavement beneath us,
which was of baked clay worked into a multihued and
picturesque mosaic; we were still more fascinated by
the buildings, which on close observation proved to be
even more artistically designed than we had imagined,
for exquisite little statues abounded in niches between
the columns or under the domes and spires, and
superb frescoes decorated the ceilings of the number-
less colonnades and the outside walls of temples, and
curving walks wound gracefully between terraces
adorned with a lovely waxen flower or around the
brink of the shimmering rainbowed fountains. I par-
ticularly noted the width of the avenues, in whose
spacious reaches and wide adjoining courts the bright-

robed children laughed and played; and I was sur-
prised to observe that the buildings, instead of being
jammed together in the modern box-like fashion, were
each separated from their neighbors by broad paved
ways or wide patches of vegetation, so that the whole
gave an uncrowded and leisurely and yet skilfully pat-
terned effect.

  But magnificent as were the edifices in their garb
of sandstone or granite or many-hued marble, the most
extraordinary by far was that to which our guides
ultimately led us. It was not the size of the structure
that distinguished it, since the city boasted far larger
buildings, and size in itself did not seem to have
been an object with the builders; but the quality of
the masonry and the style of the workmanship had
surely no parallel in human experience. For the walls
and the interior circles of columns were not of any
material ever employed before, not of steel or of
stone, of brick or of clay, or gold or of ebony; they
were of a translucent yellow hue, the hue of amber,
and seemed to be composed, if not actually of amber,
at least of glass tinted amber color. This, however,
was scarcely the most remarkable fact, for the floor
was likewise translucent, and shone with an entrancing
blue, the blue of sapphire; and sapphire seemed also
the substance of the fretted and vaulted ceiling, from
which hung images of great birds with wide-spread
wings, giving a startling illusion of flight. Three suc-
cessive circles of columns, each more massive than
the last and all adorned at the base with bas-reliefs of
strange fishes and stranger sea plants, supported the
great arching expanse of the roof; and completely
enclosed by the columns, on a steep and curving in-
cline of the sapphire floor, were row after row of
amber seats grouped in a half circle about a flat open
space, and forming—so it seemed to me—a Grecian
theatre of unique design.

AS Rawson and I accompanied our guides into this
queer building, we were so captivated by the
architecture and so enthralled by the silence and the
weird half-light of sapphire and amber that we did
not at first observe that other human beings had pre-
ceded us into the place. It was long, indeed, before
we could recover from the awed sense of entering some
cathedral where all is reverential and unworldly; and
it was long before, turning our eyes upon the theatre
with its rows and rows of seats, we observed that
not all the chairs were vacant as we had at first
assumed. In the front tiers sat perhaps a hundred
light-gowned individuals whose sedate and earnest
faces proclaimed that they were convened for some
solemn purpose.

  Our arrival was greeted by a sudden murmuring of
low, musical voices, but by nothing more demonstra-
tive; and our presence was doubtless explained by our
attendants, who spoke a few words to the assembled
group, after which they took seats to one side and
motioned us to do likewise. We obeyed readily
enough, but as I crossed the room to take my desig-
nated place, I received a sudden shock, an electrical
shock of pleasure, such as one experiences upon meet-
ing a friend unexpectedly in a strange city. In the
foremost row, staring up at me with a most curious
and kindly air, sat that enchanting woman whom I
had seen dancing along the colonnades! As a sober
and practical man, and one already in love with the
gracious Alma Huntley, I should no doubt have re-
garded her with a wholly aloof and impersonal air;
but I was sadly impressionable, alas! and was almost
transfixed with joy at sight of those shining Madonna
features and clear magnetic, great blue eyes. For
THE SUNKEN WORLD

309

an instant, indeed, I actually stopped short in my
tracks, until, regaining my presence of mind, I hast-
ened toward my seat shamefaced at having so be-
trayed myself. It was several minutes before I ven-
tured again to glance toward the fair one, and then
she was looking in an opposite direction; and, stare
at her as I might, she seemed totally oblivious of my
existence.

  I am afraid that, in the ensuing hour, my thoughts
were more on her than on proceedings in the theatre.
I was aware, indeed, that some sort of debate was
in progress, a discussion in which most of the spec-
tators took part and during which Rawson and I were
more than once pointed out with significant gestures.
But, since I could understand not one word of what
was spoken, I let my imagination travel to the beau-
tiful unknown, and tried to fancy how it would feel
to be befriended by so fairy-like a creature. Even to
speak a word with her, I thought, would be a delight,
and to hold a conversation with her would be the
rarest of good fortune. Of course, her face might
belie her character, and she might be unintelligent
as she was beautiful; yet I was convinced that a
rare soul shone out of the calm seductive depths
of her eyes, and was more than willing to believe
that she combined the wisdom of a Socrates with the
charms of an Aphrodite.

  So pleasantly was I occupied in contemplating this
fascinating being and her scarcely less fascinating fel-
lows, that it seemed but a moment before the debate
was over and the assembled men and women rose from
their seats and began to depart. With a start I
sprang to my feet, suddenly realizing that the assem-
blage had perhaps reached some critical decision re-
garding me. And when four or five of the men ap-
proached Rawson and myself and motioned us away,
I had the feeling of a captive being led back into im-
prisonment. The loveliest of all women had now been
lost to view amid the crowd, and I was sadder at her
disappearance than at thought of my personal suffer-
ings; but as I walked slowly out of that sapphire and
amber palace, gentle strains of music began to play
on unseen instruments, rippling delightedly as waves
on a calm sea; and gradually and insensibly I was
comforted, and somehow I was convinced that I should
see that glorious womanly apparition again.

ONCE more we were escorted through the city
streets, but this time had* only a few hundred
yards to walk. After a minute or two we were led up
the steps of a many-columned marble mansion, and
into a long hall whose stained glass windows cast a
subdued illumination upon a score of vivid paintings.
We were wondering what to do, when our guides mo-
tioned us to cushioned seats that seemed made of
woven seaweed; and after we had settled ourselves at
ease in the great sofa-like chairs, two of the men dis-
appeared momentarily and returned with a feast of
some singular substance reminding me of mushrooms
flavored with a sprinkling of honey. At first we were
suspicious and reluctant to eat; but the honest and
frankly puzzled faces of our hosts convinced us of
our folly; and we found the dish, while strange to
our palates, not only appetizing but invigorating after
our long fast.

  After we had eaten and the remains of the meal had
been borne away, we were treated to a still greater
surprise. A man came stalking in laden with five or
six variously colored cloths, which I recognized as the
native costumes; and, having spread these out before
us, he motioned us to discard our own clothing and
take our choice of the local apparel. Our attendants

then politely withdrew, leaving us more perplexed
than ever.

  But it was long before we could make up our minds
to array ourselves in the native garb. And while we
stood hesitating, casting occasional disdainful glances
at the colored garments before making the decision
which we knew we ultimately must make, our atten-
tion was distracted by the paintings that adorned the
walls. Alhough all were executed with the deft and
flawless hand of a master, they were in a sense dif-
ferent from any paintings I had ever seen before;
and what struck me in particular was not so much
their peculiar style of art, which combined a minute
realism with an almost cosmic suggestiveness, as their
arresting and unparalleled subject-matter. Half of
them were of a marine type, and depicted ocean caves
where the giant squid or octopus wavered through the
gray depths, or gardens of the ocean floor where the
many-branching coral was the playground for shim-
mering blue and yellow fishes; the other half, and the
most remarkable by far, portrayed scenes of ruin and
destruction on a scale that might have staggered the
most daring imagination. One of them, for example,
pictured a city with slender skyscrapers not unlike
those of modern New York, but all the skyscrapers
were crumpled and toppling as though from some
titanic blast; another, which likewise represented a
many-spired city, showed the ocean rolling up in one
colossal wave and battering and washing away the
buildings as a rain storm may wash away a child’s
sand castles; while a third, and by all odds the most
ghastly of the group, depicted a sea bottom strewn
with the wreckage of great stone edifices, in whose
vacant towers and windows and among whose shat-
tered courts the sword-fish and the eel sported and
slunk and the fanged shark pursued its prey.

  “Strange!” I remarked to Rawson. “What peculiarly
morbid people is this that its artists should delight
in scenes of flood and ruin? Or is it that its painters
are striving to represent some actual disaster, some
overwhelming ancient catastrophe unheard of on
earth?”

  Hoping to find an answer to these questions, I
strained my eyes over the inscriptions that marked
each picture—inscriptions in the near-Greek charac-
ters I had already tried to decipher. As before, I
had at first no success in translation; but, having
nothing else to do, I persevered; and once again I
ended by construing two or three words—words that
left me only more deeply mystified. "After the Sub-
mergence,” was the legend that explained the picture
of the ruined town at the sea bottom; and, noting
how closely this phrase resembled those I had pre-
viously interpreted, I was forced to conclude that "The
Submergence” was indeed some definite historical event.
But when it had occurred or how was still a question
as unanswerable as though it had concerned the planet
Mars.

  “It is possible that we will never be able to solve
the problem.” I was observing to Rawson, when sud-
denly I heard that which made me stop short in
amazement, momentarily forgetting all about tidal
waves and sunken cities.

  "Saints in heaven, that’s a good one! That’s the
time I put one over on you, boys!” came to me in in-
distinct tones, accompanied by a loud guffaw; and
Rawson and I stared at one another in astonishment,
bewildered as men who have seen a ghost.

  “Stranahan!” we cried in one voice; and the tears
were ready to flow at the thought that we had found
our lost companion.

  A moment later, having made our way through a
310

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

columned hallway into an adjoining room, we were
met by the strangest sight we had yet seen in this
land of many wonders.

  Sprawled haphazard on the floor, absorbed in the
distribution of a pack of cards, were our four lost fel-
low seamen, all of them looking grotesque indeed in
their colored native garments, and Stranahan appearing
particularly outlandish in his gown of pale green, his
trouser legs showing from beneath, his blue sailor’s
blouse conspicuous through the open neck in front!

CHAPTER IX
The Will of the Masters

rfT 0RD have mercy on me’ if ain,t Harkness!

  I And Rawson, too!” cried Stranahan, leaping
to his feet, and seizing our hands in a hearty
grip. “By all things holy, I thought I’d never see
you again!”

  For a moment we were unable to reply, so great
was the confusion of shouts, greetings, and excited
questionings from our four new-found companions.
Though we were fully as delighted as they, our first
words came in inchoate, mumbled phrases, for our sur-
prise was apparently even greater than theirs.

  “Well, and what are you doing in this part of the
country?” Stranahan at length inquired, with a smile.
“I thought you were safe in the old X-lll.”

  “Nothing is safe in the X-lll,” I replied. “Cap-
tain Gavison sent us out after you when you didn’t
come back.”

  “I'm sorry to hear that,” declared Stranahan, rue-
fully. “You know I hate to disobey orders, but I’m
afraid I’ll have to. We won’t be coming back just
yet.”

  “What makes you think that?” I demanded, with
sudden misgivings.

  “I don’t think it—I know it,” he maintained, with
an air of certainty. And, leaning on one foot against
a marble column while his brawny hand stroked his
chin, he continued, ruminatingly, “Suffering sea snakes,
do you take me for a fool? Do you think I’d be here
if I could find a way out?”

  “But can’t you?” I questioned, innocently.

  “No, by the devil, I can’t!” he swore. “Neither
can you! We’re all prisoners here!”

  “What? Prisoners in this building” I gasped.

  “No, not in this building! In this town!” corrected
Stranahan.

  “In this town?” Despite my agitation, I began to
laugh. "This town makes a fair-sized jail.”

  “You won’t think so for long!” warned Stranahan,
with all the fury of conviction. “The Lord strike my
heart from my breast if I ever saw a deader place—
except maybe my own home town on Sunday after-
noons!”

  Following this outburst, Stranahan recounted his
recent experiences, which were not altogether different
from our own. Like us, he and Ripley had reached
the city following an ambling excursion among the out-
lying colonnades and temples; but unlike us, they had
not been so unfortunate as to be trapped in one of
the buildings. In fact, they had suffered a different
misfortune entirely. Upon entering the city, they had
been confronted by several of the natives; and, sur-
mising that these strange beings were hostilely dis-
posed, the terrified Stranahan had whipped out his re-
volver and fired toward the crowd. So far as was
known, no one had been injured, but all had been
badly frightened by the report; and for a while, the
two seamen had had the freedom of the town.

  They were ultimately stopped, however, by a band

of determined-looking natives. Though apparently un-
armed, and though they used no violence, these men
overpowered the intruders in some inexplicable way.
Not only were Stranahan and Ripley deprived of their
pistols, but they were rendered docile as children, and
were conducted, as we had been, to the place of amber
and sapphire, where a hundred pale-robed individuals
debated and passed on their fate. Next they were
brought to their present dwelling, where they were
clothed and fed, and where they were reunited with
Stangale and Howlett, who had preceded them to the
city. They had now been living here for several days,
and during that time had been treated with unexpected
civility and kindness and even allowed to roam at
will through the city; but whenever they had ap-
proached the boundaries of the town, they had en-
countered a band of citizens who, by shouts and ges-
tures and a mysterious but irresistible power of sug-
gestion, had given them to understand that they were
not to leave.

  Stranahan was approaching the end of his recital,
and was telling us how he had been compelled to wear
the native costume and how his meals had been
brought to him regularly twice each day, when he
was interrupted by the entrance of several natives,
who had been looking for us in the adjoining room
and seemed a little annoyed at our disappearance.
Unceremoniously they led us back to the other apart-
ment, where the half dozen robes were lying in wait
for us; and, perceiving from their gestures that we
would do well to don the native garb, I promptly ar-
rayed myself in a gown of pale lavender, while Raw-
son exchanged his sailor’s suit for a costume of
daintiest yellow. Both of us had difficulty in adjust-
ing the garments, which were fastened at the shoulder
by a fish-bone device resembling a safety-pin; and we
had our hesitation about the sandals, which were
slipped on at a stroke and yet were held firmly in
place by inconspicuous cords. But though we puzzled
over our new apparel for many minutes, Rawson
found in the end that he had his on inside out, while
the front of mine was where the rear should have
been. Of course, we did not discover these mistakes
for ourselves. Our attendants, on returning to see us
fully attired, indicated the errors with smiles and
suppressed laughter; and with their aid, we managed
to array ourselves almost like self-respecting natives.

FORTUNATELY, we had little time just then to
notice how ridiculous we looked in our colored
gowns. As soon as the perplexing business of dress-
ing was settled, one of the men motioned me to a
sofa in a corner of the room, where he took a seat
beside me as though for some important purpose; and
a second similarly led Rawson to an opposite corner,
while the other natives unceremoniously took their
leave. My particular attendant, who was a tall man,
neither young nor old, with classic features and keen
but kindly gray eyes peering from beneath a wide
expanse of forehead, now began to go through a
series of apparently meaningless gestures, accom-
panied by no less meaningless words. First he
would tap his head while emitting a peculiar sound;
then he would tap his breast while emitting another
peculiar sound; then he would touch his arm, his
knee, his foot, always slowly ariii carefully pronounc-
ing one or two unintelligible syllables. In the be-
ginning, I was inclined to wonder whether he was not
mad, but this view was not furthered by the dis-
covery that Rawson’s attendant was conducting a sim-
ilar performance. It was doubtless only my own
stupidity that prevented me from grasping the truth
THE SUNKEN WORLD

311

(Immediately. At length my companion drew a small
pad of paper from his pocket and began to write upon
it with an instrument resembling a fountain pen, and
I understood clearly enough then that he was trying
to teach me his language; so I gave him my undi-
vided attention, noting carefully each object he
touched and the corresponding sounds, and noted par-
ticularly the characters he jotted down upon the
paper.

  Then suddenly I saw light amid the darkness! Al-
though this was but my first lesson, I was making
faster progress than either of us could have anticipated
—my knowledge of ancient Greek was proving invalu-
able! At the first glance, I observed the resemblance
between the letters my instructor was inditing and
those of the old Greek, even as I had noticed the re-
semblance on the stone inscriptions; and it was not
many minutes before I discovered that some of the
words, although not to be recognized when pronounced,
were written in a style closely similar to the Greek,
and were obviously built upon Greek roots. This was
not true of all the words, but it was true of such
a large percentage, that I had hopes of soon being
able to speak the language and so to solve the mystery
of this fantastic deep-sea people.

  After about two hours, my instructor rose from his
seat, shoved the pad of paper back into his pocket,
and indicated that our lessons were over for the day.
But he smiled upon me graciously, as though to in-
dicate that I was a not unpromising pupil; and he
spoke a word which I thought I recognized as “To-
morrow,” after which he saluted me with a courteous
wave of the hand, and joining Rawson’s instructor,
went ambling leisurely out of view.

  It was with a wry smile that Rawson rejoined me.
“Say, did you get anything out of it at all?” he in-
quired. “I just couldn’t make head or tail of it.
Heavens, at this rate it would take me ten years to
learn my A, B, C’s!”

  I did not confide that I had private reasons for
feeling more optimistic than my friend. But, after
I had offered to help and was rejected, I was content
to let the conversation drift to other subjects.

  Rawson was now annoyingly given to useless lamen-
tations. Hotly he deplored our plight; he declared
that he no longer saw anything romantic about it,
and least of all perceived anything romantic about
being made to go to school again; and he reminded
me time after time of Captain Gavison and the crew,
whom we had last seen stranded in the wilderness
with the disabled X-lll, and who were no doubt
awaiting our return in hope that was fast giving way
to despair. Though I did not share in Rawson’s dis-
like of our present quarters, and though I was de-
terred from leaving, not only by hopes of learning the
language but by thoughts of the nameless fair one,
yet I had to listen when Rawson spoke of our duty to
our waiting comrades; and, in spite of the forbidding
precedent set by Stranahan and Ripley, I could not
but consent to try to return to our shipmates.

  As the doors of our dwelling were wide open and
there was no one to interfere with us, we sauntered
forthwith into the streets. As usual, we found them
almost deserted, and so had no hesitation in proceed-
ing along the winding walks and broad avenues and
past the innumerable terraces, courts and temples in
the direction from which we had entered the city. As
the various distinctive gardens and palaces constituted
unmistakable landmarks, we were seldom at a loss as
to our route, and in little more than half an hour we
found ourselves at the threshold of the town, before
that odd statue-like edifice where we had been impris-

oned. The path of escape now seemed open, and our
flight appeared so easy that we paused momentarily,
almost with misgivings at having encountered no ob-
stacles. But not a person was in sight, and no sign
of any impediment was visible, and so in surprise we
started up that slope which led to the colonnades and
outlying temples.

  We had almost reached the top, and I was already
deep in regrets at leaving this charming city just as
it was becoming so interesting, when half a score of
pale-gowned individuals suddenly appeared from above
the ridge, their vociferous cries and commanding ges-
tures warning us back. They carried no weapon, yet
they could not have been more imperious had they
borne loaded rifles; there seemed almost to be some
hidden compulsion, some irresistible magnetism about
them, so that our weak wills quailed and bowed to
theirs, and we retreated before them as impulsively as
a singed animal retreats before fire. T do not know
why it was, for they surely would not have set violent
hands upon us; but we no more thought of disobeying
them than a trained dog thinks of disobeying its mas-
ter; and back to the city we hastened, while they fol-
lowed on our heels with faces stern and set; and, hav-
ing re-entered the town, we made our way directly to
the building we had just left, as though some superior
mind controlled our movements and we were no longer
free.

  Upon our return, we met with another surprise.
Naturally, we were prompted to seek Stranahan and
our three other shipmates again; but we had expected
that they would be occupied, as before, by cards or
some other time-killing game. Instead, we found them
seated in the four corners of the room, each with
a companion (needless to say, a native); and from the
peculiar gestures of those companions and their habit
of writing occasionally on pads of paper, we recognized
that they were giving instructions in the language
of the land. But this in itself was not the surprising
fact. Two of the four newcomers were ladies, one
of them being of matronly years; but the other, who
sat opposite Stranahan, smilingly making notes with
her pen, was not only in the full bloom of youth, but
had that singularly sweet cast of countenance, those
singularly clear and magnetic large blue eyes, Which
could belong to only one woman in the world!

              CHAPTER X
              Discoveries

GREAT as was my joy upon observing that the
entrancing mysterious lady was Stranahan’s
tutor, it was to be some time before her daily
proximity had any effect upon my life. And mean-
while I was resigning myself to a regular routine, a
routine only partly of my own choosing, and largely
prescribed by those whom I had come to consider my
masters. Each night (and by night I mean the
period of eight or ten hours when the golden orbs
were quenched and the city was in total blackness)
I would sleep with Rawson and Stranahan on screened
open-air rooms on the roof. And each day I would
live almost as though by formula. Aroused by the
burst of light that marked the queer underworld dawn,
I would take a plunge in a salt-water swimming pool
in a court of our apartment. A few minutes later I
would join my companions in a repast of some fragile
little native cakes and of some queer fruit like a cross
between the apricot and peach, which were brought
to us regularly by well-laden carriers whom I observed
likewise supplying neighboring houses. Breakfast over,
312

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

. . Beneath us, at af distance that may have been five hundred feet and may have been a thousand, the vaults and domes and columns of
wave or volcano . . . Palace after magnificent palace, many seemingly modelled by architects of old Greece, went gliding by beneath us;

and one or two colossal

we were free for a while; and then I would usually
go rambling about the city with Rawson or Strana-
han, or sometimes with all my five former shipmates;
and we would have a merry time laughing and chatting,
inspecting the various palaces, colonnades and gardens,
and poking fun at any object that happened to strike
us as curious or absurd.

 After an hour or two we would return to our
apartments, to await the arrival of our tutors, who
had a habit of appearing in a band of six (one for
each of us) sometime toward the end of the morning.
Stranahan was still the most fortunate of us all, since
for many weeks his tutor continued to be that woman
of the Madonna features and magnetic large blue
eyes; but the rest of us were also fortunate in a way,
for she would always beam upon us with bright
“Good morning” in the native tongue; and I person-
ally had hopes that the time was not far-off when we
Bhould be better acquainted.

  At the end of perhaps two hours, the tutors would
leave for the day; but they would always provide us
with ample work in the shape of simple exercises to
be written or of passages to be deciphered in text-
books of the kind evidently used for six-year-olds. This
“home-work” (as Rawson designated it) would keep
us busy until late in the afternoon, when a native
would arrive with a tray containing various savory
viands: a gray bread made from a grain with a flavor
like walnuts; a succulent vegetable like French toast
well browned; a spiced, starchy food reminding me
Vaguely of baked potatoes; cakes of a hundred varie-
ties, and fruits shaped like tomatoes and tasting like

muscat grapes, or elongated like cucumbers and
flavored as oranges, or round and large as cantaloupes
and substantial as bananas. But while we were of
course delighted at the abundance of these appetizing
unfamiliar foods, we were not a little surprised—and
not a little disappointed—at the absence of much that
we would once have considered essential; and we con-
stantly wondered why it was that no meat nor fish
nor any other animal product found its place on the
bill of fare.

  After this meal (the second and last for the day)
we were once more free to do as we wished; and we
would ordinarily spend the time until dark in strolling
around the city, or in sitting about in a little circle
exchanging anecdotes, or in propounding theories as to
where we were and how we had arrived, or in playing
cards or any other little game that we could devise.
Except for our tutors, we came into contact with
none of the natives; we were too ignorant of the
language to speak with the occasional few whom we
passed on the streets; and as yet we knew virtually
nothing of how they lived.

  But we were much less concerned about the natives
than about our comrades of the X-lll. We were still
restrained in the city by the mysterious, irresistible
power of compulsion exercised by our hosts; and
though the days were lengthening into weeks, no word
of Captain Gavison and our absent shipmates had
reached us. For all that we could say, they might
have perished of starvation or fallen through a black
hole in the ground—or, more plausibly, they might
have been discovered by the natives, and led as cap-
THE SUNKEN WORLD

313

           siinicEEBE nun

innumerable stone edifices shone palely and with sallow luster. Surely, we thought, this was some unheard-of Athens, doomed long ago by tidal
countless statues, tall as the buildings, pointed up at us with hands that were uncannily life-like; wide avenue after wide avenue flashed by,
theatres of Grecian design ...

tives to lodgings miles away. Should we see them
soon, or at least have news of them? or should we
never learn what had befallen them? There was no
way to decide except to wait—and the process of wait-
ing was distressingly slow.

BUT I was secretly determined to do everything pos-
sible to hasten events. Obviously, the first neces-i
sity was to understand the native language—hence I
put forth every effort to learn to read and write. Less
because of my natural linguistic tendencies than be-
cause of my acquaintance with ancient Greek, I was
making more rapid progress than any of my fellows,
and was acquiring the rudiments of a speaking and
reading knowledge. Not only did my own ears tell
me so, but my instructor admitted as much by his
occasional nods of approval, and now and then even
by a “Very Good” or “Excellent” when I was speak-
ing or reciting to him. But not content with my
normal rate of advance, I was fortifying myself with
much secret practice. Often I would refrain from
joining my comrades in their morning and evening
strolls and pastimes, and would remain quietly in my
room with a pad of paper and a pencil supplied me
by my tutor. I would devote hours to writing in the
native alphabet, until I could employ it with facility
and assurance; or I would jot down a list of words
and phrases and repeat them aloud time after time, try-
ing to imitate the peculiar accentuation of my in-
structor. The latter task in particular was difficult
and even painful, and subjected me more than once
to ridicule, when Stranahan or the others entered the

room unexpectedly and found me apparently talking
to myself. But I persisted in spite of discouragements,
and had hopes that, instead of commanding but a few
scattered words and phrases, I would shortly be able
to conduct an extended conversation.

  It was only natural, however, that I should be able
to ,read the language before I could speak it. Not
more than two or three weeks had passed before I
felt capable of deciphering any average native docu-
ment. But, unfortunately, I had little opportunity to
practice my talents, for the only written material I
saw was in the shape of the simple exercise books
lent me by my instructor. These, while admirably
adapted for clarifying grammatical problems, were
entirely devoid of vital information; and when I asked
my instructor for more edifying works, I did not
seem able to make him understand, for what he
brought me was merely a more advanced exercise
book.

  Consequently, I had every reason to be grateful for
that chance which put me in possession of several
volumes designed for adult readers. For lack of bet-
ter occupation, Rawson and I were minutely inspecting
our apartments one afternoon, scrutinizing in partic-
ular the picturesque patterns of the veined marble
walls, when suddenly I stopped short with a cry of
surprise, startled at sight of a little rectangle faintly
although unmistakably engraved in otherwise unbroken
surface of the marble.

  Promptly I informed Rawson of my discovery. He
shared in my surprise, and excitedly suggested that
this was some mysterious trap-door.
314

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

  Although I saw no reason to agree with him, I ap-
proached the rectangular patch to examine it more
closely, and in so doing rested my hand appraisingly
on the marble surface.

  To my utter amazement, a portion of the wall gave
way, swinging inward as if on noiseless hinges!

  But if Rawson had had visions of secret corridors
ar.d darkened chambers, he was to be disappointed.
The displaced rectangle revealed not a mysterious pas-
sageway, but a little closet or vault possibly three
feet deep—a vault filled to the brim with treasure!
At least, it was filled with what I regarded as treasure,
for within it were piled scores of books!

  Hastily I reached for the nearest volume—a heavy
tome bound in what I took to be a sort of artificial
leather. The title filled me with rejoicing: it was a
“Lexicon of the More Commonly Used Words."

  Aided by the bewildered Rawson, I at once examined
the entire collection. Although he could decipher not
a word, Rawson feigned the profoundest interest; and,
indeed, he may well have been interested, for, as I
read and translated the titles, I was making discovery
after extraordinary discovery. Not that any of the
books were those works of sheer information which I
most desired, but that they all embodied significant
hints and clues. Some, like the inscriptions I had
observed among the colonnades, seemed to refer to
some great disaster, as in the case of one entitled,
"Artistic Progress Since the Destruction”; another,
;wliich was called "Speculations Concerning the Super-
marine World,” fortified my impression of being in
some inexplicably buried land; while several were
treatises on such difficult subjects as “Intra-Atomic
Engineering,” “Marine Valves and Their Construc-
tion,” and “The Creation of Artificial Sunlight.”

  But the book that caused me the greatest surprise—
a book that struck me as at once a priceless find and
an insoluble mystery—was the well-thumbed yellowing
little volume at the very bottom of the heap. Even
today, when all that passed in those enigmatic realms is
an old and oft-repeated story, I have difficulty in re-
pressing my astonishment at that discovery. Imagine
the bewilderment of one who, having voyaged to an-
other world, suddenly receives news of familiar things,
and at the same time learns unsuspected facts about
the familiar! Imagine this, and you will have only
a vague notion of the amazement I felt when, turning
the pages of the book in that unknown cavernland, I
recognized the name of—Homer!

  And not only did I recognize the name of Homer,
but I found it affixed to a work not previously cata-
logued among the productions of the great Attic bard!
“Telegonus” was the title—and instantly I recalled that
there had been a legend among post-Homeric writers
of one Telegonus, the son of Odysseus and Circe, who
had been sent by his enchantress mother in search of
his father, and had slain his sire without realizing
his identity.

  One may be sure that I wasted no time about plung-
ing into the book. One may be sure that I took no
heed of the surprised exclamations of Rawson, nor
even paused for more than a word of explanation, but
read and read as fast as my knowledge of the lan-
guage would permit. Truly, the poem was Homeric
in quality!—I recognized at once the swing of the
inimitable hexameter, handled with masterly crafts-
manship; and the opening passages, executed with epic
dash and sweep, simplicity and power, convinced me
that here was a work worthy of standing side by
Bide with "The Iliad” and “The Odyssey.”

  But how came the poem to be here in this weird
undersea realm? How came these submerged people

to possess an Homeric work unknown to the modern
world? These were the questions that perplexed me
as I excitedly followed stanza after noble stanza; and
ponder the problem as I might, debate it as I would
with myself or the eager Rawson, I could conceive of
no explanation, but was as mystified as if I had
traveled to Mars and found the people addressing me
in English or presenting me with copies of Shake-
speare.

CHAPTER XI

Questions and Answers

THE chief effect of the discovery of the books
was to make me doubly anxious to speak the
native tongue. Not one of the score of volumes
cast any light on the problems that bewildered me, and
least of all on the mystery of Homer’s "Telegonus”;
and it was apparent that I should remain in ignor-
ance until I could converse with the natives. Accord-
ingly, I had need of that rarest of all qualities, a vir-
tue in which I am almost wholly lacking—patience.
Stifling my eagerness and curiosity as best I could, I
had to plod away for days and days in acquiring new
native words and phrases and in practicing speaking
in the solitude of my own rooms. The task was far
from pleasant, and the suspense and the waiting were
harrying; but I was like a traveler following a trail
through an unfamiliar jungle; and, feverish as I was
to escape, I had no choice except to persist on the one
visible course.

  But had I not been so eager to batter down the
mystery, I would have found abundant cause for en-
couragement. I was still progressing, progressing rapid-
ly, attaining a speaking knowledge of the language with
a speed possible only for one long trained as a linguist.
And, as the result of many a secret conversation, which
I held with myself by way of practice, I advanced swift-
ly to the point of being able to exchange ideas with the
natives. At least, I felt that I had advanced to that
point, and awaited only opportunity to test my new-
won powers.

  The obvious course would have been to address my-
self to my tutor, and several times I was on the point
of doing so, but on each occasion he seemed so ab-
sorbed in the day’s exercises, that I decided to post-
pone the experiment. In the end, however, I should
no doubt have opened my mind to him—had not chance
intervened and sent me a more charming informant.

  I had of course not forgotten that entrancing Ma-
donna-like woman who was Stranahan’s tutor. Indeed,
I could not easily have forgotten her, for her exquisite
features and bright eyes kept flashing before me at
all hours of the day and night; and already I felt my-
self as completely subject to her spell as Dante to the
spell of a Beatrice. Under the witchery of her influ-
ence, Alma Huntley was becoming no more than the
figment of a remote and misty past—and yet I was
not even acquainted with the fair unknown, I had
never exchanged more than a formal greeting with
her. I scarcely knew how to sow the seeds even for
a casual friendship, and what she was like at heart
and how she would react to my advances, were mat-
ters of pure conjecture.

  But the time was to come when she would be more
to me than one to be admired at a distance. She was,
in fact, to serve in a double role: for not only was
she to fascinate me with her companionship, but she
was to cast light upon those problems which were
tantalizing me.

  Although I caught glimpses of her almost every
morning when she came an Stranahan’s instructor, yet
THE SUNKEN WORLD

315

I would have had little chance to speak with her even
had I chosen, since (as I have already related) she
ordinarily arrived and left in the company of the
other tutors. But one day—perhaps because she had
some particularly difficult bit of grammar to explain—
she lingered over her work much longer than usual,
and was so absorbed in it that she did not appear to
notice that her fellow teachers had left. At the mo-
ment I did not perceive tljat this was my opportunity;
but good fortune was to be with me, and when she
emerged from the marble doors of our home, I hap-
pened to be strolling along the colonnade not a hun-
dred yards away.

  At first it was almost a shock to me to see her come
unaccompanied toward me—a shock in which intense
pleasure was mingled with something akin to dread.
For a moment I had an impulse to hide behind one
of the great stone columns; fortunately, I thrust this
foolish desire from me, and, after a few seconds, had
almost regained my composure.

  As she approached, I could scarcely take my gaze
from her. Upon her face was a serene, placid ex-
pression, such as she almost always wore; but the
shadow of a smile flickered about her lips, and her
great blue eyes were withdrawn as if they saw not the
world wherein she walked but only some calm and
perfect inner vision.

  Slowly I advanced, and diffidently placed myself in
her path. At first she did not seem to see me, but
in an instant, almost as though she had been expect-
ing some one, her gaze was lifted to meet mine; and
no surprise was marked there, nor any trace of annoy-
ance, only an unlooked-for pleasure. In low, musical
tones, and with grace that to me seemed goddess-like,
she murmured “Good morning,” while su£?\ a lovely
and unmatched light shone in her eyes and such trans-
figuring inner radiance illumined her features, that I
felt that I had encountered an immortal.

  “Good morning,” I replied, in the native dialect,
and at the cost of greater effort than I would have
cared to admit; and I shuddered inwardly lest I give
her cause for laughter.

  She smiled charmingly, and was about to pass on,
when in desperation I strove to detain her. “I beg
your pardon,” said I, stiffly, speaking almost by rote
in phrases I had memorized days before. “I beg your
pardon, but have you a minute to spare? There are
one or two questions I should like very much to ask
you.”

FOR an instant she stared at me in transparent
surprise. But a smile played lightly about the
corners of her mouth, and apparently she was not
offended. “Why, of course, you may ask any ques-
tion you want,” she replied, more puzzled than annoyed.
And, pointing down the colonnade to a circular marble
bench enclosed by a ring of slender columns, she con-
tinued, “Let us go over there. Then we can talk, if
you wish.”

  In silence we traversed the intervening two or
three hundred yards. My heart was so full that I
could not have spoken had I desired; I could scarcely
credit my double good fortune in having won this
lady’s good will and in speaking well enough to be
understood by her.

  And when at length I found myself seated at her
side, her vivid blue eyes looking inquiringly and yet
kindly into my own, I felt as one who enters the
land of dreams come true. It was with difficulty that
I answered when, in low, sweet tones, she asked me
what it was that I desired to know; and when the
first words came to me, they were forced out only

by an effort of the will, for I should much have
preferred to sit there in silence, staring and staring
at her animated lovely face, her sharp-cut classic
profile and symmetrically modelled features.

  But, unfortunately, the laws of human intercourse
demanded that I do more than gaze at her in speech-
less rapture. And I answered her question, there-
fore, with one or two commonplace remarks which ex-
pressed nothing of the exaltation within me, and
which could have conveyed no high opinion of my,
intelligence. “I am a stranger in this land,” said I,
picking my words with a translator’s care, "and so
find many things here which perplex me. I was won-
dering whether you would not be good enough to help
me. Am I imposing too much upon your kindness?”
“Oh, no, of course not,” she murmured; and as she
spoke I noted that her upper lip trembled slightly, as
though from extreme sensitiveness and sympathy. “Do
you not know that it would be a pleasure to be of aid?”
I was enchanted by this reply, for there could be
no doubting the utter candor and sincerity in her earn-
est blue eyes, which were glowing with a softness
equal to the magnetism they sometimes displayed.

  Encouraged to the point of boldness, I decided upon
a daring step. “Before I ask any other question,” I
ventured, “might it not be well for us to know each'
other’s names?”

  “Why, of course,” she agreed. “My name is Aelios.”
“Aelios!” I repeated, charmed by the sound. “What
a delightful name! And what is your other name,
may I ask?”

  “My other name?” she echoed, astonished. “What
other name do you mean?”

  I saw that somehow I had made a mistake. “Why,
haven’t you another name?” I inquired, with distinct
loss of confidence.

  "Another name?” She tittered delightedly, as thougK
enjoying a rare joke. “Well, if that isn’t the most
outlandish idea! What do you think I’d do with an-
other name?”

  “Why, that—that’s not for me to say,” I stammered.
"Only, where I come from, every one has at least two
or three names.”

  “Oh, how perfectly ridiculous!” she exclaimed. “Just
as if we haven’t enough to remember one name
apiece!”

  She paused momentarily, and I was too much em-
barrassed to resume the conversation. Fortunately,
she continued without my aid. "How many names
have you?j^ she inquired; and the playful light in her
eyes told me that she could not have been more
amused if asking how many hands or feet I had.

  "Only two,” I admitted, glad that I had not to con-
fess to three or four. “I am called Anson Harkness."

  “Anson Harkness,” she repeated, slowly, as if savor-
ing the peculiar sound. "Why, if that isn’t the strang-
est name I ever heard!”

  “Where I come from it isn’t considered strange,” I
assured her. “Of course, in my country everything is
very different—”

  “Yes, I know,” she interposed. ‘You come from
above the sea.”

  “How do you know?” I cried, astonished.

  Again she peered at me in surprise, and almost, I
thought, with something of that puzzled air with
which one regards a child who persists in asking the
ridiculous. “Why, of course you must come from above
the sea,” she explained. “Where else is there to
come from?”

  “And do the people here all know we come from
above the sea?”
316

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

  "Yes, indeed,” declared Aelios, a naive seriousness
replacing the frolicsome air of the moment before.
“That’s what we’ve all been worrying about. We
thought we were proof against invasions from above,
and we simply can’t understand how you got here.
Why, for three thousand years the upper world doesn’t
seem even to have suspected our existence.”

  “Three thousand years?” I burst forth. “Three
thousand years? Then, for God’s sake, how old is this
land of yours? And, in heaven’s name, what country
is this, anyway?”

  “Why, I thought you knew,” murmured Aelios, with
a look of surprise. "This is Atlantis, of course.”
“Atlantis!” I ejaculated, in overpowering amaze-
ment. “Atlantis!” And confused visions of a lost
continent swarmed through my mind, and I wondered
whether this could be the sunken world described by
Plato.

  But before I could utter another word, my atten-
tion was diverted by an unpardonable intrusion.
“Great shades of Alexander, having a nice little tete-
a-tete, are you?” came a familiar voice from the rear;
and Stranahan, stalking up uninvited, deposited him-
self on a seat just to the left of Aelios, and grinningly
requested us not to heed him, but to go right on with
our little talk.

CHAPTER XII

The Submergence

THE arrival of Stranahan, of course, had its effect.
Not only did lie interrupt my conversation with
Aelios at a crucial point, but he made it im-
possible for the discussion to take a personal turn.
I realized, to be sure, that he was actuated by motives
of good fellowship, but I felt that he exhibited re-
markably poor sense; and I am afraid that I dis-
played not a little of my displeasure in the forced
welcome that I frowned upon the intruder. But
Stranahan appeared to be afflicted with no foolish
sensitiveness; and, having decided to join us, he
seemed not to notice the frozen reception I accorded
him.

  And like one determined to see things through to
the end, he remained resolutely with us. He seemed
scarcely discouraged by his limited knowledge of the
language, which made him a total stranger to most
of what we were saying; and for a good part of
our conversation, he sat by in gaping ignorance, ven-
turing an occasional remark with such poor display
of grammar and pronunciation that I could only
smile.

  Yet our discussion was so engrossing that for min-
utes at a time I quite forgot the existence of Strana-
han. Even the bright sparkling eyes of Aelios had
for the moment no more than an impersonal interest
for me, for I found myself making a discovery so
strange, so amazing and so utterly unprecedented as
to upset my conception of human history.

  "Can this really be Atlantis?” I heard myself in-
quiring, once the disturbance created by Stranahan’s
arrival had subsided. "Can this really be the famous
lost Atlantis?”

  “The lost Atlantis?” repeated Aelios, looking per-
plexed. “I didn’t know there was any lost Atlantis.”
I explained as briefly as possible the legend of the
ancient continent that was said to have sunk beneath
the sea. “If there’s any truth in the story, thrt was
one of the greatest disasters in history,” I remarked,
trying to lend importance to what I felt to be but
the flimsies of myths.

“Disaster!” echoed Aelios, her perplexity deepening.

“Disaster! This is the first time I ever heard any
one call the submergence a disaster!”

  “Do you mean, then, that there actually was a sub-
mergence?” I demanded. “That a whole continent
sank beneath the waves?”

  “Why, of course!” she exclaimed, astonished at so
self-evident a question. “How else do you think we
got here beneath the sea?” And she pointed signifi-
cantly to the great greenish roof and the bright, golden
orbs above us, while into her eyes came a wonder-
fully sweet, indulgent light, as into the eyes of one
who delights to teach children the obvious.

  “Where did you suppose we could be now,” she
continued, "except in Archeon, the Capital of At-
lantis?”

  It was at this point that Stranahan thought it time
to let himself be heard. He drew his lips far apart
as if to speak, uttered an inarticulate syllable or two,
and then stopped abruptly short, as though unable to
frame the desired words.

  "What is it, my friend?” asked Aelios, turning to
Stranahan with a gracious smile. But since Stranahan
could only gape idiotically in reply, I thought it my
duty to answer for him.

  “What I cannot understand,” I said, returning to
the question that had been puzzling me most of all,
"is that you say there was a submergence, and yet
seem to think it was not a disaster. Surely, if the
whole continent of Atlantis was lost—”

  “What makes you think the whole continent was
lost?” demanded Aelios, a quizzical, almost amused
light in her great blue eyes. “Why, the better part
of Atlantis is safe here beneath the sea!”

  “Safe here beneath the sea?” I cried, in growing
confusion. “Why, how is that possible?”

  "That is a long story,” she started to explain. “It
goes back very far, thousands of years, in fact—”
"And cannot you tell me that story?” I proposed,
eagerly. “Cannot you tell me from the beginning?
Remember, I am a stranger here and find everything
very confusing. What is this Atlantis of yours? And
how old is it? And how large? And how did it come
to be submerged? And how does it happen that you
are living here now beneath the ocean?”

  "Whole volumes have been written in answer to
those questions,” declared Aelios, with a winning
smile. “But I’ll try to explain everything as best I
can.” And she paused momentarily, while Stranahan
craned his long neck far forward, as if to take in all
that she had to say.

  “It is perhaps the most romantic tale in history,”
she resumed, speaking almost with exaltation, while
her eyes took on a far-away dreamy look that I
thought most becoming, and her upper lip twitched
with the same sympathetic quivering I had noted be-
fore. “Atlantis is one of the most ancient republics
in the world, and at one time was the most populous
and powerful of all countries. Our history goes back
more than seven thousand years, four thousand above
the sea and three thousand beneath—four thousand
years of growth, tumult and conquest, and three thou-
sand years of maturity and peace. At a time when
Egypt and Babylonia were still unheard of, our engi-
neers reared monuments more massive than the pyra-
mids; and when Babylonia and Egypt were in the full
pride of their renown our people regarded them con-
temptuously as the merest barbarian tribes. Our ac-
complishments were to them what theirs were to the
unclothed blacks of the south; and our country sur-
passed theirs as a marble palace surpasses a clay
hut.”
THE SUNKEN WORLD

317

«T)UT what was the precise location of your coun-
SJ try? And how large was it?” I interposed.

  "It was in an isolated position a full day’s sailing
west of the Pillars of Hercules. As for its size, it
was large, and yet not overwhelmingly so; a swift
runner might have traveled around it between full
moon and full moon. But today you might look vainly
for its plains and snow-tipped mountains, for above
all but its highest peaks, the unbroken waters foam
and toss.”

  Aelios paused momentarily, and a melancholy rem-
iniscent light came into her eyes, while her long, lithe
fingers toyed absently with the folds of her lavender
gown.

  “Ah, how sad!” I could not forebear murmuring.
“What a ghastly tragedy!”

  “No, not a tragedy,” she quickly denied, regarding
me again with a peculiar surprise that I could not
understand. “There is no tragedy in the history of
Atlantis, though of course there might have been.”
“No tragedy?” I cried, wondering vaguely if Aelios
could be trying to make sport of me. “Is it not
tragedy for a whole great country to be submerged?”
“It may be, or again it may not be,” she replied,
enigmatically. “In this case, it was not.”

  Noting my quizzical silence, she continued, with a
reassuring smile, "No doubt you will find this difficult
to understand. In your world above seas, conditions
are perhaps very different from those of old Atlantis.
Certainly, you are spared the perils which we faced,
and which compelled us to submerge our continent.”
“Compelled you to submerge your continent?” I re-
peated, growing more amazed each instant. “Do you
mean to say you submerged it deliberately?”

  “Yes. How else?” she returned, in matter-of-fact
tones. “The Submergence—or the Deliverance, as it
is sometimes called—was the most fortunate event in
our history. We celebrate it annually at our great
festival, the Festival of the Good Destruction.”

  Again she paused, as if uncertain how to proceed,
while I was forced to join Stranahan in a bewildered
silence.

  “In order to make things clear,” she continued at
length, with upper lip still fluttering and eyes that
smiled with kindly good will, “I suppose I will have
to describe Atlantis as it was in the old days, the
days before the flood. Thirty-one hundred years ago,
or at the time when the Submergence was first pro-
posed, we were in possession of secrets which the upper
world has perhaps not rediscovered even today. I
will not speak of our art, literature and philosophy,
which, though advanced for their day, were incompar-
ably inferior to what we have since produced; it
was in scientific spheres that our progress was most
pronounced. From the beginning, our science was a
strangely lopsided growth; it was most developed on
the purely material side; and while it could tell us
how to compute a comet’s weight and enabled us to
communicate with the people of Mars, still on the
whole it was concerned with such practical questions
as how to produce food artificially or how to utilize
new sources of energy. And in these directions it was
amazingly efficient. We had long passed the stage, for
example, when we needed to rely upon steam, gaso-
line or electricity to run our motors or to carry us
over the ground or through the air; we had mastered
the life-secret of matter itself, and by means of the
energy within the atoms could produce power equal
to that of a tornado or of a volcanic eruption.”

“Marvelous!” I exclaimed, enthusiastically. “Mar-
velous! What magnificent opportunities that gave you!”
“Yes, that was just the trouble,” pursued Aelios, the

trace of a frown darkening her lovely cheeks and
eyes. “There are some opportunities that no men
should have. What would be the gain in giving a
wasp the power of a bull? It was not a mere coinci-
dence, for example, that the decline of art was sim-
ultaneous with the rise of science. After thousands
of years in which the pursuit of the beautiful had
been one of the objects of life, men began to be be-
wildered by the idea of their conquest over matter;
they came to apply themselves to the construction of
huge and intricate machines, of towering but unsight-
ly piles of masonry, of swift means of locomotion and
of unique and elaborate systems of amusement. And
at the same time they devoted themselves extensively
to destruction. Not to the destruction of their own
monstrous contrivances, alas! but to the undermining
of human happiness and human life. In our isolated
position, we had had comparatively little intercourse
for centuries with other lands; but now that we
possessed lightning means of travel and lightning
weapons of aggression, our citizens began to swoop
down occasionally upon a foreign cast, picking a quar-
rel with the people and finding some excuse for smiting
thousands dead. At first, of course, our enemies had
no means of retaliation, but it was certain that in the
end they would have imitated our methods and singed
us with our own fire.”

  “And is that what actually happened?” I asked,
fancying I saw a trace of light at last. “Is that
why you had to submerge your land?”

  “No, that is not what happened,” said Aelios, smil-
ing at my naivete, while a ~ialf-suppressed yaw from
Stranahan gave her but little encouragement to con-
tinue. “Not all our people were savages, and not all
approved of our policy of international murder; nor
were all content to see art and beauty trodden down
by the twin hoofs of mechanism and multiple produc-
tion. Of course,' the protestants were at first mere
voices wailing against the waves, and more than one
was jeered as a maniac; but the protest continued and
grew through many decades; and though there were
thousands that continued to appraise the cities by
their size and scientific accomplishment by its deadli-
ness, the time came when the party of rebellion was
almost as numerous as the conservatives or ‘Respec-
tables,’ and when the limitation of mechanical power
became an issue that threatened the very life of the
State.

  “I will not trouble you with the details of that strug-
gle, or with the powerful cause made out by the
enemies of Super-Science—for of this you shall hear
more later. For the present it is sufficient to state
that the climax arrived in the year 56 B. S.-”

  “What does B. S. mean?” I interrupted.

  “Before the Submergence, of course!” explained
Aelios, with a slight frown that instantly made way
for a broad and glowing smile.

  “It was in the year 56,” she proceeded, “that the
Agripides ministry came into office. Following the
open insurrection of beauty-lovers against the ‘Re-
spectables,’ the Anti-Mechanism party triumphed in a
general election; and Agripides, known by his friends
as ‘Savior of the World’ and by his foes as the ‘City-
Wrecker,’ began to carry out the revolutionary policies
he had been advocating for years.

  “These policies, which were perhaps the most dar-
ing ever conceived by the human mind, contemplated
nothing less than the overthrow of existing civiliza-
tion and the substitution of something better suited to
endure. It was Agripides’ contention—and a conten-
tion established by the researches of the very scientists
he opposed—that the State of Atlantis, under current
318

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

Conditions, had a potential life of not more than five
hundred years; that it was burning away its energies
yvith profligate abandon, and would soon droop with-
ering and exhausted into permanent decay. Its best
human material was being used up and cast aside
like so much straw; its best social energies were being
diverted into wasteful and even poisonous channels;
its too-rapid scientific progress was imposing a wrench-
ing strain upon the civilized mind and institutions.
There was only one remedy, other than the natural
one of oblivion and death; and that remedy was in a
complete metamorphosis, a change such as the caterpillar
undergoes when it enters the chrysalis, a transforma-
tion into an environment of such repose that society
might have time to recover from its overgrowth and
to evolve along quiet and peaceful lines.”

ANOTHER half-unconscious yawn from Stranahan
imposed a brief interruption at this point; but
Aelios had now thoroughly warmed to her theme; and,
disregarding Stranahan’s rudeness, she continued al-
most without delay.

  "The proposal which Agripides had to make, and
which he had been advocating eloquently for years,
was one that caused even the liberal-minded to gasp
and shake their heads doubtfully. He declared, in a
word, that Atlantis was not sufficiently isolated and
enisled; that it would never be safe while exposed to
the tides of commerce and worldly affairs; that the
only rational course was for it first to destroy what-
ever was noxious within itself, and then to prevent
further contamination by walling itself off completely
from the rest of the planet. And since no sea how-
ever wide and no fortress however strong would be
efficacious in warding off the hordes of mankind, the
one possible plan would be to go where no men could
follow; to seal Atlantis up hermetically in an air-
tight case—in other words, to sink the whole island
to the bottom of the sea!”

  “Good Lord!” I exclaimed, horrified at so strange a
suggestion. "Sounds just like a lunatic’s ravings!”

  “No, quite the opposite,” replied Aelios, with an
indulgent smile. “I see you don’t understand at all.
Agripides was not a lunatic; he was the greatest man
that ever lived.”

  “I thought he must be either a madman or a genius,”
I returned, dryly.

  “Look, I’ll show you!” she flung out, almost as a
challenge, since I did not seem convinced of her
hero’s greatness. And rising hurriedly and flitting a
dozen paces down the colonnade, she pointed to a life-
sized marble bust on a panel between the columns.
“See! That is Agripides! Does that look like the
face of a lunatic?”

  Hastily I had followed Aelios, with Stranahan at
my heels; and he joined me in surveying the bust
with a show of interest, though his puzzled expression
showed that he did not know and much less cared
who Agripides may have been. “The glorious saints
have mercy on us, if he hasn’t a beard like a goat!”
was his one and only comment. But I did not deign
to reply, and fixed my eyes sternly and appraisingly
upon the countenance of Agripides. The hair and
beard were perhaps a little long, I thought, uncon-
sciously agreeing with Stranahan; but the features
were the most striking I had ever seen in any human
being. Like many of the faces which have come down
to us from classical times, this countenance combined
intellect and beauty to a singular degree. The brow
was broad, as in the representations of Homer, but it
also rose to a majestic dominance; the eyes were
large and alert, the lips thin and compressed, the
cheeks long and firmly modelled, while the features
were furrowed with deep lines of sympathy that re-
minded me of Lincoln, and at the same time were
marked with a wistful, dreamy expression that con-
trasted strangely with a savage, almost tigerish de-
termination more implied than clearly graven on the
even contours of the face.

  “Agripides was a remarkable orator, and at the
same time a writer of force,” stated Aelios, as we re-
turned to our seats. “Hundreds of his essays and

• . . although perhaps five hundred feet In length, it was as
much like a great statue as like a building; It hnd none of
those features common in edifices for the shelter of man and
his works, hut seemed to have been erected exclusively as a
picce of art. Its form wos that of a woman, a woman re-
clining at full length . . .
THE SUNKEN WORLD

319

addresses have been preserved, and they show such
brilliance, vehemence, and wit, and at the same time
such clarity and logic of presentation, that it is
little wonder that he converted all Atlantis to his way
of thinking. Or perhaps it would not be fair to say
that he converted all Atlantis—there was plenty of
wordy opposition to his schemes, as well as several
little armed revolts and insurrections that had to be
suppressed. But Agripides was not a man to be easily
daunted, and in spite of the strenuous objections of
the ‘Respectables,’ the year 49 saw the publication of
his complete plans for the Submergence.

 “Those plans were more daring than the worst
enemies of Agripides could have anticipated. He pro-
posed, in a word, to cover a large part of Atlantis with
an enormous glass wall, reaching like an artificial sky,
hundreds of feet above ground, and thick enough to
withstand the pressure of unthinkable tons of water.
Near the base of this wall should be two great valves,
one through which the ocean might be admitted into a
broad canal or artificial river, and a second (at the
opposite end of Atlantis) through which the waters
might be forced out again by means of gigantic intra-
atomic pumps. I need not mention, of course, that
deep wells and distilled sea water would serve for
domestic and drinking purposes; that decomposed
water would provide sufficient oxygen for breathing;
and that artificial sunlight, synthesized chemically so
as to produce the life-giving elements of the original,
would not only supply illumination but would support
vegetation and human life as well.

  “Yes, yes, that is all very good,” said I, feeling that
Aelios had not yet touched upon the most essential
fact of all. “But how did Agripides propose to sink
the island beneath the sea?”

  "That is a difficult question," she murmured, with
a smile that was worth more to me than volumes of
knowledge. “It involves technical questions of engi-
neering with which, I must confess, I am very poorly
acquainted. But, as I understand it, what Agripides
proposed was that enormous tanks be buried under the
sea bottom far to the west of Atlantis, and that, at a
given signal, the water should be raised to boiling
point by an application of intra-atomic heat. The re-
sulting tons of steam, in their fury to escape, would
create an explosion that would burst the very floor
of the sea; in one direction there would be a gigantic
upheaval, and a lifting of the ocean bed; and in an-
other direction, by way of reaction, there would be a
sinking of the ocean bottom in an effort of the strata
not directly affected, to fill in the gap left by those
displaced. And while a whole vast area would rise
thousands of feet (although not to the level of the
water), another area would be forced downward an
equal distance; and that area, which would be of
enormous extent, would include the island of Atlantis.
To use a crude illustration, one may think of a com-
man plank, balanced on its center, of which one end
cannot be tilted upward without causing the other end
to slant down; and one may imagine Atlantis as re-
posing on the lower slope of such a plank.”

<ct>UT that is all mere theory,” I pointed out. “Cer-
-D tainly, Agripides wouldn’t dare to sink the island
merely on the basis of such unproved calculations.”
“Oh, no, of course not. The computations were all
verified by actual experiment. With the aid of two
accomplished engineers, Agripides made a small model
of the continent and the surrounding ocean, accurately
reproducing every detail; and, having stimulated an
explosion under the proper conditions, he found that

the miniature island sank precisely as he expected the
real island to do.”

  “Even so,” I argued, "would not the explosion have
shattered the entire crust of the earth? And would
not the great glass dome have been split and ruined
even if the ground beneath it remained firm?”

  “All that was duly provided for,” explained Aelios.
“The submergence was to be so gradual as to require
several hours; and since the explosion was to occur
under the sea rather than under the island itself,
it would shatter the crust of the earth only in remote
localities, and the shock would not be severe enough to
affect the glass wall. In other words—to make an-
other comparison—the island was to be like a ship that
sinks in its entirety after striking the reefs, although
only the prow is damaged and the rest remains unin-
jured.”

  “Yes, I understand perfectly,” said I, recalling my
recent experiences in the X-lll. “But even assuming
that the experiment was perfectly safe, how did
Agripides ever persuade the people to sink their homes
beneath the sea?”

  “It was precisely there that he proved his great-
ness,” said Aelios, casting an admiring glance in the
direction of Agripides’ statue. “Well knowing that
imagination is the most powerful force in human life,
he began to work upon the imagination of the masses
to show the dangers of civilization. Simultaneously
with the publication of his plans for the Submergence,
he opened to the public an enormous exhibition palace
in which he presented the most ghastly display in his-
tory. With the vision of the social philosopher and
the intuition of the prophet, he had constructed in
miniature the Atlantis of the future as he conceived
it would be—and no man could gaze upon that At-
lantis without heartily praying for the Submergence.
The landscape had been blasted, muddied and made
black, and scarcely a green leaf could be seen; steel
towers and smokestacks dotted the island until it
looked like a range of artificial hills; great wheels and
chains whirled and rattled in the dark interiors of
the buildings, and to each wheel and chain a man
was tied; and the huge engines and motors were fed
with the blood of men, and watered with their tears.
Innumerable multitudes—not only of men but of
women, and of sickly, pinch-faced children—were
bound as slaves to the machines, and responded to
automatic orders that the machines flashed forth; and
after they had served long and their limbs were
growing frail, they were crushed and mangled by the
very masters they had served, or else were cast out
to perish like frost-bitten flies. But the great wheels
never ceased to turn or the levers to clatter, and
their steel jaws gnashed the gouged-out hearts and
brains of men, and their dust and cinders clouded
the fields and forests, and their poison fumes invaded
the lungs of the people, blunting their minds and
making them droop and die by the million.”

  “What a hideous picture!” I cried, with a shudder.
“But certainly, certainly it was an exaggeration!”
“No, Agripides had no need to exaggerate. He
merely showed the logical advance upon existing ad-
vances. But this was the least grewsome of the ex-
hibits. One half of the display, which he entitled ‘The
Triumph of Science,’ was devoted to the supreme
horror. Here again he depicted artificial landscapes
and many-towered cities; but the wheels of those
cities were not revolving, though smoke was indeed in
the air. At first sight, they might hardly have been
recognized as cities at all; they were really little
more than chaotic heaps of iron and stone; many of
the buildings had been blasted to fragments, some
320

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

had toppled over, others were mere mangled frame-
works of steel. Scarcely more than an isolated wall
remained standing here and there to show that this
had been the home of men; but of the inhabitants
themselves there was indeed an occasional sign: here
one was futiley gasping for breath, writhing on the
ground like a tormented worm; there one was groping
crazily through the ruins, with torn breast and
blinded eyes; yonder a family group was lying
sprawled at all angles, with pale faces convulsed with
their last agony.

  “But had one looked for the source of the destruc-
tion, one would not easily have found it—except that
far above, so remote as scarcely to be visible, a fleet
of mosquito-like flying craft were buzzing on their
way like stealthy marauders.”

  Aelios paused, a deep seriousness darkening' her
fair features; and as I sat there regarding her in
silence, I could not but reflect what unspeakable dis-
tances separated the bloody picture she described from
the enchanting scenes among which she dwelt.

tcxjATURALLY,” she continued, “the people were

  1not captivated with the thought of the future
depicted by Agripides. And, Agripides, acting at the
psychological moment when all Atlantis was most
aroused, convened the National Assembly, and polled
a majority of—three to one in favor of the Sub-
mergence! This majority being confirmed by a refer-
endum of the people, the great leader took immediate
steps toward carrying out his revolutionary project.

  "Nearly forty-eight years were consumed in the
necessary preliminaries, and in that time Atlantis
found itself forced halfway toward the realization of
Agripides’ direct prophecies. The island of Antiles,
a small republic located far to westward, had spied out
the aggressive schemes of the Atlantean military ex-
perts, and enlarging upon them, had manufactured a
fleet of poison-bearing aircraft capable of smiting whole
cities with death and ruin.' That they were aimed
•for a contemplated conflict with Atlantis there could
be not a doubt; that such a conflict could not be
averted by diplomacy was too self-evident to require
demonstration; and that there was no resisting the
destructive airships was generally, although unofficially,
admitted. Conceivably, it was the dread of imminent
disaster that restrained the minds of the people from
vacillating at the last moment and that brought the
plans of Agripides to their triumphant issue.

  "Agripides, unfortunately, did not survive to see
the consummation of his plans. Such a happiness
was more than he had hoped for; the years were al-
ready heavy upon him when his revolutionary ideas
first won approval. But, dying peacefully at an ad-
vanced age in the year 15 B. S., he yet lived long
enough to supervise the more important details of
the project and to be assured of its eventual success.

  “In accordance with Agripides’ directions, a rein-
forced glass wall many layers thick was erected over
the most picturesque part of Atlantis, for it was agreed
that the rest (which included the site of many cities)
was not worth saving. I shall not describe the steps
taken to insure the health and comfort of the people
after the Submergence, to rear elegant palaces and
mansions, to duplicate the sunlight and to produce
food chemically; I shall not even dwell upon the
Good Destruction, except to say that all save the most
essential of power-driven tools were piled up in the
doomed part of the island, to be buried on the day
of the Submergence together with the towers of the
deserted cities. But what I must mention—and this is
most important—is that not all our people were con-

tent to be submerged; that about one-third, irreconcil-
able to the last, emigrated eastward in a great body a
few months before the Submergence. It was this that
made us most sad when Agripides’ plans were fulfilled
and we sank at last to the bottom of the sea.’’

 "Have you ever heard what happened to them?” 1
inquired, marveling at this extraordinary migration.

  “No, how could we? We have never since established
communication with the earth. But I was thinking
that perhaps you, who are from the upper world,
could give us some tidings of our lost fellow men.”

  “I am not sure but that I can,” I replied, slowly,
thinking of the ancient Greeks and their striking re-
semblances to the Atlanteans and wondering whether
the immigrants from the sunken island might not
have been among the original settlers of Athens and
Corinth.

  And then, recalling the mystery of the “Telegonus,”
that powerful lost Homeric epic, I perceived a pos-
sible clue. “Tell me,” I asked, though the question
was apparently irrelevant, “what do you know about
Homer?”

  “Homer?” she echoed. And then, with the ease of
perfect familiarity, “Why, Homer was one of the great-
est poets we know of—almost equal to the best that
have arisen since the Good Destruction. He lived at
about the time of the Submergence in a country far
to the East, with which we had trade relations in
spite of its half barbarous condition. It was, in a
way, a sort of dependency, a ward of Atlantis; and
it was from us that its people derived their alphabet
as well as much of their language and many of their
institutions. Possibly it was there that the Atlantean
migrants settled.”

  “Ah, I see,” said I, with a flash of understanding.
“Then you mean—”

  But before I could utter another word, interruption
came from an unexpected quarter. And with a jolt I
returned from ancient Atlantis to the realities of my
own life. “Hello, boys! Hello! Hello! There they
are, there they are!” came in loud familiar tones from
our rear, followed by a salvo of cheers; and before
Stranahan and I could quite realize what was happen-
ing, we felt our hands grasped in a multitude of
hands, and found ourselves surrounded by dozens, liter-
ally dozens, of well known faces. The first I recog-
nized was that of Captain Gavison, who grinned hap-
pily in welcome; then I distinguished one after one
the faces of my fellow seamen, apparently all of them,
and all of them talking, laughing, crowding about,
slapping us on the back, and shouting out greetings in
tumultuous chorus.

CHAPTER XIII
Trial and Judgment

TO our disappointment, we received no immediate ex-
planation of the arrival of Captain Gavison and his
men. A score of the natives, who stood frowning
in the background, appeared disinclined to permit any
extended conversation; and it was but a minute before
they motioned the newcomers to follow them. I was
interested .to observe that all, from the Captain down
to the humblest recruit, obeyed as readily as though
in response to an absolute master, marching not in
military formation and yet at a regular pace and with
every appearance of discipline.

 Having nothing better to do, Stranahan and I
trailed in their wake, for at their first appearance
Aelios had murmured a hasty “Good-bye” and had
gone tripping out of sight around a bend in the col-
onnade.
THE SUNKEN WORLD

321

  In a few minutes we saw our comrades entering a
building we well knew—the palace of sapphire and
amber. Although expecting to be ordered out, we
made bold to follow, and to our surprise passed
through the gates of the building and into its gorgeous
interior without attracting any noticeable attention.
Arriving at the great central theatre, we observed that
hundreds of the natives were assembled as though in
solemn debate. Many an eye was turned upon the
newcomers in curiosity and amazement; but there was
no audible murmur at our entrance. And when Cap-
tain Gavison and his followers were motioned to seats,
Stranahan and I had no hesitation about joining them.

  But the unlucky Stranahan was doomed to still
further boredom. For nearly an hour he was com-
pelled to listen to a discussion of which he understood
scarcely a word. Certainly, he had cause to envy me,
for I easily followed the greater part of what was said
—and most unusual and absorbing I found it!

  The leader of the debate was a broad-browed
woman, with a firm and distinguished manner, and
more than a trace of beauty in spite of her graying
hair. But she spoke comparatively little; and six or
eight of the audience took turns in standing in the
open space in front and delivering brief addresses.
Their theme was not at first apparent to me; I thought
that they were perhaps discussing some question of
politics, or pleading the merits of some new law; and
I was surprised to discover that what they were argu-
ing was no mere practical matter, but concerned the
architecture of a new building, to be known as the
“Palace of the Ten Arts.” One, there was that sug-
gested a lagoon fronting the edifice, a second who
recommended rainbow fountains, and a third who fa-
vored an arcade of multi-colored crystal; and all the
proposals were heard with equal respect and duly noted
down by the leader of the debate, who smiled be-
nignantly upon all the speakers and refrained from
obtruding her personal preferences.

  I was relieved when at length all who desired to
speak had had their say. The leader now declared the
meeting open for further business; and now it was
that a tall young man, whom I recognized as one of
the attendants of Captain Gavison and his men, rose
quickly to his feet and advanced with a determined air
toward the speaker’s space. A hush of expectation
had come over the gathering; all eyes were fastened
upon the tall young man as though he had a message
of rare importance.

  His first words were to justify this impression.
“Fellow citizens,” said he, speaking in a deep-toned
voice which had something of that musical quality
common to his people, “I have to bring to your atten-
tion today a matter unique in the history of Atlantis.
First, however, let me recall to your minds several
facts with which you are no doubt familiar. Two
months ago we were astonished to find in our midst
two creatures whose sallow complexion, grotesque cos-
tume and still more grotesque features, proclaimed
them not to be natives of Atlantis. How they had
penetrated beneath the secluded dome of our country
we could not imagine, but it was decided that the
best course would be to educate them in our language,
and, after they were thoroughly conversant with the
tongue, to question them in the attempt to solve the
mystery. This decision was only reinforced by the
appearance of two more of the queer creatures a day
or so later, and then again by the arrival of a third
strange couple. While it was feared that our age-old
seclusion had been broken and that we were being in-
vaded by the upper world, still it was decided that for

the present the best course would be to maintain an
unperturbed but vigilant silence.”

  The speaker paused, and cleared his throat as though
the important part of his address were to follow. “Only
yesterday, fellow citizens,” he continued, “you heard the
startling sequel. A field naturalist, roaming along the
Salty River in the wilderness beyond the furthest
colonnades, made the most surprising discovery of his
life—a peculiar ugly rod-like ship of unknown type,
a ship that seemed to be fairly swarming with un-
couth humans! Naturally, the scientist was alarmed;
and, having made his escape, he hastened back to the
city to secure aid in capturing the aliens. As he
described them, they were in every respect like the
barbarians of which ancient annals tell,—great, brawny
humans of unkempt and ferocious appearance. But
we knew that they could be no more redoubtable than
their kindred who were already among us; we knew
that they would be easily subdued by the superior
minds and irresistible magnetic wills with which na-
ture and a select inheritance have endowed our race.
And when the twenty men of the searching expedition
set out early this morning, we had reason to believe
that the aliens would be present by evening to face
trial before this assemblage.

  “As you observe, we have not been disappointed.
But now, fellow citizens, the great problem arises.
The prisoners appear to be unclean as well as wanton
and unprincipled men. Contrary to all regulations,
they have been catching fish from the Salty River and
using them for food. They have been slaying un-
offending crabs and turtles, and—disgusting though the
idea be—frying and eating them! They have been pol-
luting water of the stream; they have been trampling
down the rarest seaweeds, and beating to death the
daintiest of water-flowers; they have been scrawling all
sorts of crude and outlandish designs on the delicate
pink and blue of the roof-bearing columns.

  “But all this—criminal though it be—we may over-
look for the moment. The chief problem presented by
the arrival of these aliens is of such wide-reaching
social consequence that their minor transgressions pale
into insignificance. For the first time in more than
three thousand years, the principles of Agripides have
been violated. Visitors from outside have at last ap-
peared; at last we are in danger of contamination by
the passions and vices of the upper world. Whether
the invasion was deliberate is not definitely known,
but how it was made is sufficiently clear: the bar-
barian ship, which was equipped to travel under the
sea, was sucked into the whirlpool at the ocean en-
trance of Atlantis and forced into the valve through
which the waters of the Salty River find admittance.
Of course, this trespass may have been merely acci-
dental; but remembering the warlike and unfriendly
ways of the upper world, I personally suspect that the
intrusion was planned with cunning design, and that
other invading craft—possibly a whole invading fleet—
may be expected to arrive. Fellow citizens, what is
your opinion?”

AMID general silence the speaker took his seat—
applause was apparently unknown among the At-
lanteans. But this fact did not then enter into my
thoughts; I was too much enraged at the tall young
man’s misstatements. With a lack of self-consciousness
that I can explain only by my blinding fury, I found
myself doing the unprecedented.

  Springing excitedly to my feet, I demanded, hotly,
in the native tongue, "Friends, may I say a word?”

  Instantly hundreds of pairs of eyes were turned
upon me in surprise; I saw that I had no more been
322

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

expected to speak than if I had been a tree or a stone.
But the glances that were darted at me were not un-
friendly, and as yet I was too much incensed to regret
my words.

  “Certainly, you may say all you wish,” rang out the
clear, well-rounded tones of the lady leader of the
debate. "This is the Hall of Public Enlightenment, you
know, and any person with anything to say will gladly
be heard.”

  “Go on, old sport, give it to them good!” whispered
Stranahan into my ear, although he could not have
caught the drift of what was happening; and, with his
words rankling in my mind, I started toward the
speaker’s space.

  But as I took my place before that silent, staring
multitude, I wished that I could have been safely back
in my seat. Something suspiciously like fear overcame
me—what right had I to be addressing this strange
assemblage? What reason to expect that I could
speak their language intelligibly? Yet necessity
prodded me on; and, after gaping stonily at the spec-
tators, I found myself somehow uttering a series of
more or less connected sounds. I did not say what I
had intended, and I suspect that more than one Eng-
lish word got itself intertwined with my Atlantean vo-
cabulary; but I was encouraged when I observed that
all eyes were fixed upon me with apparent interest,
and that no one openly laughed or so much as tittered,
though one or two (and among them Stranahan) could
hardly suppress a smile.

  After a vague, sputtering introduction that I can-
not begin to recall, I found myself on fairly solid
ground. I declared that I could answer many of the
questions which the previous speaker had put; I ex-
plained that my companions and myself were not
babarians, being representatives of the highest of
modern civilizations; I stated that we had no evil in-
tentions, having come to Atlantis by accident, and cer-
tainly not being the forerunners of a wave of in-
vasion; and, at the same time, I offered our thanks
for the treatment already accorded us, and expressed
our intention to abide by the laws of Atlantis and to
act in conformity with the best traditions of the land.

  As I took my seat, I could see from the faces of
my hearers that I had produced a favorable effect.
Many were the nods of approval that greeted me, and
many the sympathetic smiles. But at the same time I
could perceive that I had not made myself perfectly
clear; and when a score of voices simultaneously re-
quested that I return to the platform, I had no other
choice.

  Questions regarding my native land were now
rained upon me in profusion. But whether because
of my limited knowledge of the language or because
the experience of the Atlanteans differed so fundamen-
tally from my own, I had great difficulty in making
myself understood. My description of the growth and
attainments of the modern world was listened to
with interest, but with a lack of comprehension that
I thought almost idiotic. Thus, when I declared that
the United States was a leading nation because of its
population of a hundred million, its rare inventions
and its prolific manufactures, my hearers merely
looked blank and asked how the country ranked in
art; and when I stated (what surely is self-evident
to all patriotic Americans) that New York is the
greatest city on earth because of its tall buildings
and its capacity for housing a million human beings
in one square mile, my audience regarded me with
something akin to horror, and one of the men—evi-
dently a dolt, for he seemed quite serious—asked

whether no steps had even been taken to abolish the
evil.

  But it was when describing my own career that I
was most grievously misunderstood. Had I confessed
to murder, the people could not have been more
shocked than when I mentioned that I was one of
the crew of a ship commissioned to ram and destroy
other ships; and I felt that my prestige was ruined
beyond repair when I stated that I had entered the
war voluntarily. Even the most friendly hearers
seemed to draw unconsciously away from me after my
recital; loathing and disgust showed plainly in their
faces, as though I had announced myself to be an
African cannibal or a Polynesian head hunter. Only
too plainly I perceived that what was termed heroism
among my fellows was here regarded as villainy. It
did little good to explain that war was a cherished
custom in the upper world, and that patriotism wa3
among the prime virtues; it was useless to plead that
there might be reasons for taking the lives of men,
whom one had never seen, and that such reasons were
generally recognized among civilized nations. The
more I argued, the greater the abhorrence I aroused;
and beyond an occasional murmured “Agripides was
right,” my words brought little direct reply. And at
length I returned to my seat feeling myself to be in
disgrace, yet curbing my embarrassment by inwardly
cursing the stupidity of the Atlanteans.

  The remaining business of the assemblage was dis-
posed of quickly enough. Following my retreat, the
tall young man again addressed the meeting, remind-
ing his audience that they had not yet passed judg-
ment upon us. “Fellow citizens,” said he, in conclu-
sion, “I have a proposal to make, which, so far as I
can see, is the only one possible under the circum-
stances. Whether we like it or not, we must recog-
nize that the intruders are here; and, though we did
not will their presence, we must treat them humanely.
Since we cannot dispose of them by violence and since
we must accept their assurance that no others of their
kind are to follow, we must let them remain, and see
that they are educated and put to work like all other
citizens. But one thing we must insist upon above
all else: the isolation of Atlantis must be protected, and
the countries above seas must never learn of our
existence. Hence we must decree that, no matter how
many years go by, none of the aliens shall ever return
to the upper world!”

  And it was with a sinking heart, with the hopeless-
ness of one being sentenced to life imprisonment, that
I heard the assemblage endorse this recommendation.

CHAPTER XIV

The Upper World Club

DURING the next few hours, Captain Gavison and
the new-found members of his crew were all
provided with the native garb and lodged in
sumptuous quarters in various parts of the city. They
looked peculiar indeed in their new costumes of light
blue and green and yellow, and grumbled not a little
at the change; but they confessed to their relief at
having left the X-lll; and not even the prospect of
passing their remaining days in Atlantis sufficed to
neutralize their joy.

  As nearly as I could determine, they had had an
altogether wretched time during the past few weeks.
A spirit of panic had grown among them, following
the failure of Rawson and myself to return from our
searching expedition, and neither by bribe nor by
threat could any other member of the crew be induced
to venture into that wilderness where we had disag-
THE SUNKEN WORLD	323

Half a dozen of the queerest beings we had ever seen came crowding into our path . . . from the blank amazed stares with which they greeted
us, it was evident that our appearance was as much a surprise to them as theirs was to us. But from a certain sternness and resolution which
invested their faces following the first speechless astonishment, we concluded that they had probably seen others of our kind, and were not dis*

posed to treat us leniently.
324

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

peared. And so they had all remained anxiously in
the vicinity of the disabled ship, drinking the distilled
water of the Salty River and snatching what food they
could from the land while exhausting their vessel’s re-
serve supplies. How long they could have held out it
was impossible to say, but certainly they could not
have held out long; madness had been overtaking them
with the delay and the suspense; and, but for the
timely arrival of the natives, bloody disaster might
have ensued.

  Yet, while they realized that they had been rescued
from possible destruction, I must not give the im-
pression that they were altogether contented with their
new surroundings, or that their queer native garments
constituted their only source of complaint. Being
normal human beings, they found abundant cause
for dissatisfaction. And, indeed, they were not much
to blame, for how could they adapt themselves imme-
diately to an environment so unfamiliar as that of
Atlantis? For some time they walked about like men
in a daze; or, rather, like men who know they are
dreaming and expect shortly to awaken; and they
stared with incredulous eyes at the marble columns
of the Sunken World, its sculpture-lined thorough-
fares and statuesque palaces. And what wonder if
they were dazzled and yet a little frightened by this
beauty, which seemed to them so cold and alien a
thing? What wonder if the more superstitious shud-
dered a little at times, and muttered to themselves in
the presence of what they took to be the supernatural?
What wonder if they missed the familiar things of
the earth, the scenes and the faces they had left be-
hind them, the habits they had discarded and the re-
membered life that was dwindling to a shadow?

  Fortunately, they were not always free to brood
over their misfortunes. Like those of their shipmates
who had preceded them to Archeon, they were at once
supplied with tutors who sought to teach them the
Atlantean tongue. Each of them received at least
two hours a day of personal instruction, and each was
required to devote several hours to various prescribed
written exercises. It need hardly be stated that not
all of them took kindly to this enforced application,
for most of them were anything but studious by na-
ture; but the tutors persisted even though their task
was a hard one, and prevailed by means of that mag-
netic dominance I had often noted in the Atlanteans;
and all of the crew, from the grizzled McCrae to the
callow young Barnfield, were soon plodding regularly
over their lessons in grammar and spelling.

  But among a group of nearly forty men, it was
but natural that some should make more willing and
able students than others. And so, while the more
backward were still struggling with the elements of
Atlantean, others were striding toward a speaking
knowledge. Among the latter was Captain Gavison,
who still had a position to maintain, and could not let
himself be outdone by his men. Whether because of
a natural aptitude or of diligent application, he speed-
ily outdistanced all his crew, with the exception (I
must modestly admit) of one whose pre-war specialty
had been Greek. And partly on account of his evi-
dent supremacy in Atlantean, but more largely owing
to the force of ironclad habit, he was still the acknowl-
edged leader of us all; and his word still was like
the word of a king, his approval still a favor to be
courted and his anger a thing to make one quail, al-
though his commission from the United States Navy
Department, could hardly give him any authority here
in Atlantis.

  I do not know whether it was at Captain Gavison’s
prompting, or whether it was at the suggestion of one

of the men, that we took the step which was to band
us more closely together. At all events, the step was
inevitable; for all of us felt like kinsmen isolated
among strangers, and our common experiences and
common origin constituted an irresistible bond.

  And so it was that we found ourselves convening
one afternoon—the whole thirty-nine of us—in a little
colonnaded court in one of the city parks. All of us
were waiting in vociferous expectancy, for it had been
whispered .that important events were in store; and
so we listened eagerly when Captain Gavison arrived,
and took the center of the stage, launching at once into
an address.

  “The proposal has been made,” he announced, be-
ginning without formality, "that we all join forces by
forming a social club. We’re all in the same boat still,
you see, even though we’re out of the X-lll. Most of
us feel rather out of place down here in Atlantis;
we find the people strange, the land stranger still, and
the customs strangest of all. And so the best way
will be to stick together and try to make things agree-
able for one another . . And in this vein he con-
tinued for five or ten minutes, pointing out the ad-
vantages of union, the increased power as well as
the social gain, the possibility of making our will felt
in Atlantis if we acted in concert.

WHEN he had finished, he asked for opinions—and
received them in abundance. . . .

  “If we got together and started a club,” summarized
Stangale, whose views coincided with the majority,
“things might begin to look a little less dead. Seems
to me every day down here is Sunday!”

  “Sure, and they’ve got lots of Sunday closing laws,
too!” Stranahan contributed, with a wry grimace to-
ward the massive columns and tinted statuary.

  Very tactfully Captain Gavison reminded Stranahan
that the question to be decided did not concern the
Sunday regulations of the Atlanteans. And without
further dalliance he raised his voice and inquired how
many were in favor of a social club.

  The proposal having been accepted by unanimous
acclaim, the next question was one of nomenclature.
Various names were suggested: “The Woodrow Wilson
Club,” “The Theodore Roosevelt Club,” “The U. S. A.
Club,” “The X-lll Club,” “The Underseas Association”
—but finally, after much pointless debating, we decided
that, since we were the sole representatives of the
upper world in Atlantis, the most appropriate title
would be “The Upper World Club.”

  Having threshed out this important matter, we now
felt it necessary to elect the officers of “The Upper
World Club.”

  Obviously, there was only one possible nominee for
President. It seemed almost a matter of form to pro-
pose the name of Gavison; and once this name had
been mentioned, the election was settled, for there was
no one daring enough to run in opposition or even
to think of suggesting another candidate.

  After being duly installed in office, the Captain
made his inaugural address. It was brief and to the
point. He began by thanking us in conventional terms
for the honor and by assuring us that he would try
to run the club as well as if it were a ship under
his command. And he concluded with a declaration
of policy: “We’re all of us caught like rats in a trap,
you know, so while we’re here there’s nothing to do
but to try to make the best of our prison. And I
think the Upper World Club should be the means. It
should have, I believe, the following objects: first, to
bring us together for social purposes. Secondly, it
should give us the chance to discuss our problems in
THE SUNKEN WORLD

325

this strange world, and should be the means of ex-
pressing our combined views to the Atlanteans. Lastly,
it should keep us all together, so that we can act in
unison if the time ever comes to make a dash for
liberty.”

  r'That time will never come!” I surprised myself
by exclaiming, after Gavison had lapsed into silence.
And, finding all eyes bent upon me inquiringly, I felt
bound to continue.

  “Let us not deceive ourselves by the thought of
escape,” I proceeded, stepping toward the center of the
assemblage. “We are buried beneath thousands of feet
of water, and for all practical purposes America is as
far from us as the moon. Even if there were a way
back, what good would that do us when we cannot
even leave this city against the will of the Atlanteans?
No, my friends, let us look facts in the face. We
shall remain here till we are gray and toothless, and
shall never see the United States again. And let us
try to reconcile ourselves to that certainty. Let us
try to become citizens of Atlantis, and share in the
life about us ...”

  And in this vein I continued for some minutes,
while my hearers followed me with transparent interest,
and reluctantly nodded agreement.

  In general, my words may have been without effect;
but they had at least one result I had not anticipated.
For when, a few moments later, Gavison announced
that nominations were in order for Vice-President, I
was surprised to find that my name was the first put
forward, and that no others were put forward at all—
so that I was selected without opposition.

  After I had duly thanked my fellow club members
for this honor, the President turned to me, and said,
“Harkness, I appoint you a committee of one to confer
with me in drawing up the constitution of the Upper
World Club.” And with that the meeting adjourned.

  'And. thus began my intimacy with Captain Gavi-
son. I do not know how seriously he took the Upper
World Club and its constitution, for at most times his
grim, firm face was inscrutable; but he acted as if he
took it seriously indeed, and he and I spent hours to-
gether debating and planning for the club, almost as
though we had had to draw up a pact not for thirty-
nine individuals but for thirty-nine sovereign states.

  How much the club profited from our activities shall
always be a question in my mind; but I am certain
that I personally profited a great deal, and make bold
to believe that even Gavison was not without benefit.
Although he had a habit of shutting his thin lips
stoically and glaring upon the world with stern, impas-
sive air, an occasional look of weariness and even of
melancholy in his keen gray eyes told me that he too
was suffering from loneliness; and while he would
have been the last man in the world to make such an
admission openly, he made it tacitly by the amount
of time he spent in my company, theoretically draw-'
ing up the constitution of the Upper World Club. He
was always far from loquacious; frequently he was
taciturn indeed, and would simply sit before me with
a detached and meditative air, occasionally grunting
some comment or question in response to my remarks.
Perhaps the consciousness of the former gulf between
us would not leave him; but all the while I felt that
we were drawing together, were even beginning to look
upon one another with a genuine, although undemon-
strative regard. Certainly, he was emerging by de-
grees from the thick shell of his reticence, as I was
emerging from mine. We began quite naturally by a
discussion of Atlantis and the Atlanteans; and grad-
ually we ventured into more personal subjects. There
came a day when I went so far as to tell him of

my former life, my training in ancient Greek, my
betrothal to Alma Huntley; and, responsive to my con-
fidence, he offered me one or two glimpses into his
own past, and made himself appear more human than
ever before, by stating that he had a wife and two lit-
tle daughters in New York, who no doubt were even
now mourning him as lost.

  “You know, Harkness, that’s the hardest thing of
all to bear,” he said, while his thin fingers stroked his
bristly chin ruminatingly, and the drawn lines of his
gaunt face enhanced his habitual gravity. “If there
were only some way of getting word to them, it
wouldn’t be so bad. But I might be dead for all they
know—and would you believe it, Harkness, sometimes
it seems to me as if I’m actually in my tomb.” And
the Captain averted his gaze, and after staring into
vacancy for an indeterminate period, he continued,
speaking more rapidly, and almost with brusqueness,
“Now you see why I’m so anxious to get back! For
my own part, it wouldn’t matter so much, but I can’t
help thinking it must be Hell for those waiting up
there!” And he concluded by drawing vivid pictures
of blue-eyed Martha, his wife, and of the auburn-
haired six-year-old Ellen, who was waiting for the
father that would never come back.

  To all this I listened earnestly; and when Gavison
had finished, I tried to say whatever I could by way
of consolation. And in order to make his woes seem
less by comparison, I exaggerated my own; I discoursed
upon the misfortune of being sundered from my old
father and mother (who, as a matter of fact, had pre-
viously been sundered from me by death), and dilated
upon my grief at losing Alma Huntley—although, to
tell the truth, she had been almost driven out of my
thoughts by the proximity of one even fairer than
she.

  It was from the time of our mutual confessions that
my real friendship with Gavison dated. Not unnatur-
ally, we now lost sight of our former positions as
superior officer and subordinate, and began to act
unrestrainedly toward one another as man to man.
And while I was on terms of fellowship with all the
crew and intimate with several, my attachment to
Gavison became the closest of all; and often of an
afternoon, when he had completed the day’s studies,
or of an evening before the great golden orbs had
been extinguished, we might have been seen strolling
together along the winding colonnades, or seated on
seaweed cushions in a marble hall, discussing the art
or the odd ways of Atlantis, practicing the Atlantean
speech, exchanging reminiscences of the world we had
left, or merely absorbed in one of those long silences
that marked our queer acquaintanceship.

CHAPTER XV

The Pageant of the Good Destruction

WHILE my intimacy with Captain Gavison was
ripening, I had of course not forgotten one
whose friendship meant more to me than that
of any man. In the exhilarating moments of that
first happy interview with Aelios, I had had visions
of speaking with her often, visions of an Atlantis
made bright by her very presence. But before long I
began to feel that I had been too sanguine. Although
I still caught glimpses of her when she came to give
Stranahan his daily lesson, and although she would
sometimes nod ingratiatingly to me, it was long before
I had another opportunity to speak to her, since I
could not detach her from the company of the other
tutors. And so day after long uneasy day dragged by
until they had piled up into a week, and slow, pro-
326

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

tracted weeks until they had accumulated into a month,
before at last we had another conversation.

  Then came a day when I observed her by chance
in one of the great festooned courts at the base of a
towering campanile. She saw me even before I saw her;
and approaching of her own volition, she flashed upon
me a smile that seemed to make the universe stand
still with joy. “I am glad to see you, my friend,”
she said, simply and with unaffected kindliness. “I
have been wanting to tell you about our coming
pageant. I know you will not want to miss it, for it
will explain many things you have been wondering
about.”

  "What pageant do you mean?” I asked.

  "The Festival of the Good Destruction,” she ex-
plained. “Every year, as I believe I’ve told you, we
hold a celebration on the anniversary of the Sub-
mergence. This year it will take the form of a
pageant. It will be the Three Thousand and Thirty-
fifth anniversary.”

  “In eight days. It will commence at noon in the
Agripides Theatre, which you will very easily find,
since it is in the center of town. I certainly hope
to see you there.”

  “I certainly hope to see you there,” I declared,
quite truthfully. But at the same time a shadow
crossed my thoughts. Hesitatingly, and possibly blush-
ing in my embarrassment, I had to confess that, after
all, I would not be able to go.

  “Not be able to go?” she demanded, in manifest dis-
appointment. “What other engagement can you pos-
sibly have?”

  Since some definite excuse appeared to be neces-
sary, I explained—very reluctantly to be sure—that I
could not pay my admission.

  “Pay your admission?” echoed Aelios, in such shrill
surprise that I thought she had misunderstood me.
“What on earth are you thinking of? Do you imagine
we are barbarians?”

  “I’m afraid I haven’t made myself clear,” I hastened
to explain. “Where I come from it is customary to
pay upon going to a theatre.”

  “Really?” demanded Aelios, so incredulously that I
thought her most naive.

  “Of course!” I assured her, in such a manner as to
stamp all doubt from her mind.

  “How queer!” she exclaimed. “How very queer!”
Still, I do remember hearing that people used to have
to pay for everything before the Submergence. But
that was so long ago, I thought the world had out-
grown such crudity.”

  “I don’t see anything wrong about paying for what
you get,” I stated, thinking this the most topsy turvy
land in the world. “Don’t they really charge you
for going to theatres down here?”

  “Of course not! How could any one be so gross?
Fancy being charged for beauty or ecstasy or dreams!
Why, one would as soon think of paying for the air
one breathes or the light that shines upon one! The
State naturally recognizes the theatre as the birth-
right of every citizen, just as it recognizes poetry and
music and education. We all take part in giving the
performances, and of course every one is invited.”
“And do you yourself take part?” I queried, my per-
sonal interest in Aelios overshadowing my general in-
terest in the native customs.

  “Oh, yes, I try to do my share,” she acknowledged,
with a faint blush that seemed only to accentuate her
beauty. “I sometimes lead in the dances.”

  “And a most exquisite dancer you make!” said I,
recalling my first enchanting glimpse of Aelios on the
colonnade outside the city.

  But before I had had time for further compliments,
she had whispered a light “Good-bye,” and had gone
tripping toward the further end of the court and out
of sight through a little half concealed door at the
base of the campanile.

IT hardly need be stated that I waited eagerly for
the day of the Pageant. Not that I was looking
forward to the entertainment itself; I remembered only
that Aelios had seen fit to invite me, and that I should
be able to see her again. So utterly out of my head
was I that her bright face now appeared to me at all
times of the day and night; her least smile, her slight-
est gesture, her most careless nod, was re-enacted a
thousand times in my memory. And what if somewhere
in the past there had been an Alma Huntley whom I
had admired and fancied I had loved?—she was now
no more than a ghost amid the shadows of a vanished
world.

  Certainly, I had no thought of Alma when at last the
day of the pageant arrived. I was jubilant merely at
the prospect of speaking with Aelios again; I could
hardly restrain my impatience, but left for the festivi-
ties a full hour earlier than necessary. Such was my
eagerness that I could not even walk at a normal
pace, but unconsciously hastened my steps as when,
in my native land, I had feared to miss a street car
or be too late for an appointment with Alma.

  But the day’s pleasure was to be unexpectedly varied.
As I hastened through the streets, striding more rap-
idly than ever before in this land of leisure, I heard
a well known voice shouting behind me, “Hey, wait
a minute! Where are you going so fast?”

  With a sinking heart I wheeled about—to face the
grinning Stranahan.

  “Great Jerusalem, you were racing so I could hardly
catch up!” he panted, as he joined me. “Where you
bound for, anyway?”

  “Where are you bound for?” I countered.

  “To the pageant, of course,” he informed me. And,
amiably unconscious that he might be interfering with
my plans, he suggested, “Well, we both seem to be
going in the same direction, so what do you say to
going together?”

  “Yes, let’s go together,” I had to acquiesce; and so
it happened that Stranahan and I reached the Agri-
pides Theatre arm in arm.

  As I might have known, we were much too early;
the doors were open, but the audience had scarcely
begun to arrive. Indeed, the whole enormous open-air
theatre was occupied only by a few children who
danced and played about the stage and romped from
tier to tier of the seaweed-cushioned marble seats.

  Upon entering, we paused for a view of the giant
theatre, which seemed large enough to accommodate
an entire community, and which was constructed with
a simple and yet majestic art that I thought admir-
able. The seat arrangement was that of the typical
Greek theatre, but the stage surprised me, not only
by its size but by its general appearance, for it was
not less than two or three acres in extent, and was
completely enclosed by a ring of columns bearing a
dome apparently inlaid with ebony and gold. But
what particularly caught my attention was an object
which was evidently not an integral part of the build-
ing—an amorphous mass many feet in height and cov-
ering more than half of the stage, but completely
mantled in a linen-like white cloth that was like, a
garment of mystery.

 But Stranahan would brook not more than a mo-
ment’s pause for viewing the building. Impetuously he
THE SUNKEN WORLD

327

started down the steeply sloping central aisle, and did
not halt until he had reached the front row, where
he appropriated the best seat as nonchalantly as
though it had been reserved for him. Of course, I
had no choice except to deposit myself at his side;
but I could not help wishing that he had chosen a
less conspicuous position.

  It was not long before the theatre began to fill.
Singly and in whole family groups the people were
arriving, children and gray old men and bright-faced
girls and youths; and all wore happy, expectant smiles,
and all were clad in their pastel-tinted gowns that made
them look like animated flowers. I had a chance now
to observe the Atlanteans as never before; and, as
never before, I was struck by the exceptional number
of well formed and beautiful faces; by the fact that
every one seemed tranquil and contented, and that
there was little if any sign of tragedy or sorrow.
Here was no evidence of the worn and withered, the
distorted, the grotesque, the wolfish, the weasel and
the bovine types so common on earth; even the old
seemed to wear a sweet and placid and at times a
beautiful look, which contrasted strangely with the
sour and crochety expression I had regarded as
natural; and most of the faces bore the imprint of
something akin to poetry and music, an exalted some-
thing that I had first noted in Aelios and that set the
Atlanteans apart from every other race I had ever
known.

  Even to be among these people seemed to produce a
strange and uplifting effect upon me. I do not know
what mysterious psychic currents were at work, and
I cannot say that my imagination did not betray me;
but I do distinctly remember that, as the theatre grad-
ually filled, a singular sense of well-being and almost
of thankfulness came upon me, a feeling of spiritual
tranquility and repose, as though by some subtle
transference of thought I had shared the mood of
the multitude and become one with them in heart.
Even Stranahan seemed to have been affected, for he
had none of his usual boisterousness; he talked but
little, and there was a rapt and almost devout look
in his eyes, as though he too had caught the glimmer
of some rare loveliness.

  Yet there was still a shadow across my happiness—
and possibly across his as well. As I scanned the
faces that thronged down the aisles and along the
tiers of seats, there was one smiling countenance for
which I searched in vain. Surely, Aelios had not
forgotten the day, nor had she forgotten her implied
promise to see me here; yet till the last seat was
filled by the expectant crowd, I scrutinized the faces
of the newcomers, only to be assured that Aelios was
not among them.

  But after about an hour, my thoughts were forcibly
recalled from Aelios to the spectacle in the great
theatre. A sudden flickering of the great golden orbs
attracted our attention; and we noted that those lumi-
naries were being dimmed as though by unseen hands
until they had less than half their usual brightness.
At the same time, long shafts of light began to shoot
out simultaneously from all points of the horizon, —
multicolored shafts that included all the hues of the
rainbow. In wide ambling curves they met the dark
glass of the roof, splashing it with red and purple,
orange and green, lavender and violet; and for many
minutes the play and interplay of color continued, the
searchlights seeming to work out all manner of pat-
terns and arabesques which endured for a moment
and vanished.

THE one thing to which I could liken this pageant
of light was the music that sometimes preceded

theatrical performances in our own lana. The flashing
colors had all the ethereal loveliness of music; and
like music they prepared one for a mood of rapture
and contemplation. And when at length the original
lights had faded out, to be replaced by others that
shone directly down upon the open platform or stage,
this mood was strengthened and intensified; and at
the same time I felt that we had but beheld an intro-
duction to the real exhibition.

  Suddenly, in the illumination of the many-hued
searchlights, a white-gowned woman appeared upon
the stage. She was very young, scarcely more than
a girl, I thought, and her face had something of that
sweetness and radiance which distinguished Aelios;
while in the colored glow of the everchanging lights
she seemed some shimmering, ethereal thing, possibly
a butterfly, possibly some apparition as unreal as rain-
bows or moonlit cloud.

  I was surprised, accordingly, when the fairy-like
creature began to speak. Or perhaps it would not be
correct to say that she spoke; her words came in a
soft, wonderfully melodious voice more than half like
song; and merely to listen to her was to be lulled and
soothed as though by music.

  Yet, despite the spirit of exaltation and almost of
worship she aroused in me, I did not miss the drift
of what she was saying.

  "Fellow citizens,” she declared, while a hush came
over the assemblage, and all strained forward so as
to lose not a syllable, "fellow citizens, for this year's
celebration we have decided to present a historical
pageant. Imagine yourselves borne backward almost
thirty-one hundred years, to those days when the
Submergence was not yet an accomplished fact, and
Agripides stood before the old National Assembly
urging the Good Destruction. Agripides shall now
appear before you, as he appeared to your forefathers
in the lands above the sea; you shall be the National
Assembly before which he speaks; and he shall present
his views to you as he presented them to our ances-
tors, and depict for you, as he depicted for them, the
reasons why Atlantis should become a sunken conti-
nent. Behold, here comes Agripides!”

  With a wide-sweeping bow the speaker ceased, re-
treating from view through some unseen door; and
at the same instant some invisible instrument sent
forth a sound like a trumpet blast, and from the rear
of the stage a tall figure appeared, walking slowly
and with head bent low as though in thought.

  "Agripides! Agripides!” came one or two indistinct
murmurs from behind me, but there was no such
tumult of applause as I might have expected. Yet all
eyes were directed eagerly toward the newcomer, and
I found myself a partner in the tense excitement of
the multitude.

  Even had I not heard the name Agripides, I should
have recognized the advancing figure from the bust
shown me by Aelios—there was the same bearded
countenance, the same broad and noble brow, the same
furrowed and sympathetic features. But one charac-
teristic there was which the bust could not show,
and which, while merely incidental, struck me with
peculiar force. The garments of Agripides were not
gay-hued, like those of modern Atlanteans, but were of
a deep and somber brown; and they clung to his body
so closely as apparently to interfere with his walking,
and to make him look disquietingly like an animated
corpse.

  But I forgot all such irrevelant impressions the mo-
ment that Agripides—or, rather, his living representa-
tive—had - uttered his first word. “Fellow members
of the National Assembly,” said he, with a low bow,
328

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

while in the audience an awed silence held sway, “for
the hundredth time I address you on the subject of
the proposed Submergence. And for the hundredth
time I remind you that we have no choice in the mat-
ter : it is a question of the submergence either of
the land of Atlantis or of its soul. Let me prove this
to you, Members of the Assembly; let me show you
how near the soul of Atlantis already is to submer-
gence. Watch carefully as a stream of typical present-
day men and women passes by.”

  The speaker ceased, and from invisible corridors on
both sides of the stage came a noise as of shuffled
feet, chattering voices, horns and bells and clattering
wheels. “By the Holy Father, if we’re not back in
the old U. S. A.!” muttered Stranahan so loud that
many of the audience could hear him; and he leaned
so far forward that I feared he would fall over the
railing into the stage.

  But the spectacle before us was so engrossing as
to make me forget even Stranahan’s absurd conduct.
Very quickly I came to agree that Atlantis before the
Submergence must indeed have been hideous; I had
never known anything quite so ugly as the scene we
now witnessed. From both sides of the stage a slow
procession of men and women began to file, the two
streams passing each other and trailing out in opposite
directions; and the faces and figures of the people
were the most repulsive I had ever seen. Some were
so lean and scrawny as to remind me of walking
skeletons; others, fat and bloated, waddled along like
living caricatures with scarcely the power of self-
locomotion; and the majority had an unnaturally sal-
low, flushed or mottled complexion that seemed to set
them off as a species apart. And their clothes were
in accord with their appearance; they were all clad
in a drab brown or black, some with a peculiar steely
color that encircled their chins and ears, some with
strange metallic waist-bands that prevented them from
turning in any direction, some with ornamental brass
spikes that elevated the soles of their feet inches
above their heels and converted their walking into a
form of hobbling.

  But what chiefly interested me were the faces of the
people. Not a few, with heavy paunches, and baggy,
feeble cheeks, reminded me of nothing so much as of
a certain bristly domestic beast; not a few others had
features grotesquely like those of baboons, bears,
wolves, foxes, weasles, or tigers. And a majority
looked like nothing so much as the prey of tigers,
weasels, and foxes. Their eyes had a hunted expres-
sion, and their whole manner was one of timidity;
they seemed continually confused and frightened and
ready to run at any sound, and yet had something of
the cowed look of creatures beaten into resigned
despair.

  All the while, as they “proceeded across the stage,
they produced a perfect pandemonium of squeaks,
grunts, hoots, rumblings, howlings, and snarlings, some
seeming quite familiar to me, others sounding like
voices of the wilderness. The acting, I' thought, was
marvelous; it was executed so perfectly that for the
time I had quite forgotten it was acting at all. Hear-
ing the uproar and looking at the dark-robed, dis-
torted multitude, I could not but think by contrast of
Aelios and the grace and beauty that surrounded her;
and I missed her even more keenly than before, and
wondered impatiently if I should not yet see her at
the pageant.

  At length, to my relief, the last of the uncouth mob
had gone trooping off the stage, and only the tall
figure of Agripides remained. “Members of the As-
sembly,” resumed the statesman, after all had again

become quiet, "you have now had a close view of our
typical citizens. Do you not believe them more deeply
submerged than if a thousand fathoms of water rolled
above them? Or if you are not yet convinced, let me
show you these people in their normal occupations.”

  As though at a prearranged signal, three or four
huge instruments, with long segmented oblong belts
moving on wheels, were dragged to the center of the
stage by half-invisible wires. I recognized these ma-
chines as curious forms of treadmills, for on each of
the belts a man had been deposited, and each man
was forcing his legs back and forth at tremendous
speed, as though running in a desperate hurry. But
no matter how furiously they worked, all the men re-
mained in exactly the same place, for the belts slid
backward precisely as fast as their feet pressed for-
ward.

  "Saints in heaven,” opined Stranahan, with a puzzled
frown, “they’d get there just as fast if they took their
time!”

  After a minute or two the treadmills were pulled off
the stage and Agripides again briefly addressed the
audience. "My friends,” said he, “I will now illustrate
for you another of the leading occupations of our
times.”

I DO not know what rare art of stagecraft was then
applied, for as if by magic a bright bed of flowers
sprang to life before us, and long-stemmed purple and
yellow blossoms resembling tulips and hollyhocks waved
above some retiring white-budding plant reminding me
of the violet. But I was to be disappointed if I ex-
pected anything beautiful to follow. From one side of
the stage came a series of oaths, growls, curses,
shrieks, hisses, and mutterings, gradually increasing
in fierceness and volume; and soon an amorphous mass
of squirming, twisting, embattled men writhed into
view. I could not tell how many of them there were,
except that they were numbered by the dozen; and I
could not determine what they looked like, except that
they were all soberly attired. But it was as if a
storm had been let loose among them; they were liter-
ally tumbling over one another, wrestling with the
ferocity of lions, snatching violently at one another’s
arms, legs and necks, until they seemed little more
than a blur of convulsive, wildly agitated trunks and
limbs.

  “Holy Methuselah, it’s a new kind of football!” cried
Stranahan, excitedly, as he craned his long neck far
forward for a better view of the contest.

  But before I had time to chide Stranahan on this
senseless outburst, I was occupied by a new observa-
tion. The struggling men were advancing across the
stage, and slowly intruding upon the flower beds.
But none seemed to notice, and the pandemonium con-
tinued until the actors were beating down the flowers
on all sides and not a hollyhock or tulip or violet re-
mained.

  Then suddenly one of the men was thrust out of
the wild multitude, and lay on the ground as if dead,
his clothes ripped and torn, his body gashed and
bleeding. But no one seemed to notice him, and his
shrieks and howls rang forth until another had been
flung aside with broken limbs, and then another, and
then another. In the end only two remained standing,
both grappling desperately for a little metallic disk
that glittered a deep yellow. With bestial snarls and
screeches they wrestled over this trinket; and at
length, still wrestling, and with faces blood-red and
distorted, they tumbled, moaning, off the stage.

  After this exhibition there was silence for several
minutes. I was glad when at length Agripides seemed
THE SUNKEN WORLD

329

Then, while the clamor Increased and the buildings heaved and wavered with tho motion of tossing ships at sea, the ground beneath them gave
a sharp lunge downward; and like toy castles, the towers all at once collapsed . . . But scarcely had the thunder of the overthrown walls died
down, when a new and more ominous roaring came to my cars, a tumult as of Niagara or of sea-waves splashing the cliffs . . .
330

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

to feel that his audience was ready for a change of
mood, and again took the center of the stage.

  “Members of the -National Assembly,” he said,
"you have now observed modern life in two of its
more common phases. You will find something no less
familiar in the third phase, which I am about to pre-
sent to you.”

  This time a gigantic clattering black machine was
rolled on to the stage by some unseen power, its in-
numerable wheels and belts and chains in rapid mo-
tion, some of them moving so swiftly as to look like
whirring shadows. But it was not the speed or smooth-
ness of its action that made the mechanism remark-
able: all about its side, in a long, even row, stood
scores of grime-faced and sooty men, their feet clamped
to the ground by iron vises, their arms fastened by
long rods to the wheels above. And all the while those
rods were moving, moving with rhythmic, clock-like
regularity, moving unceasingly up and down, pulling
the arms of the men with them, first the right arm
and then the left, then again the right and then the
left, as though they had done so for all eternity and
would continue to do so for all eternity.

  “The devil take me,” muttered Stranahan, who had
to have his way, “It ain’t the men that work the ma-
chines! It’s the machines that work the men!”

  I am afraid that Stranahan’s remarks' diverted my
attention and made me miss part of the performance,
for when next I turned my eyes to the stage, the
scene was much changed. A great claw-like steel de-
vice was reaching out from the interior of the ma-
chine, seizing one of the men, wrenching him from
his position as though he had been a misplaced screw,
and casting him bleeding to the floor. And while he
lay there moaning and helpless, a clamor of shouts
was heard from off stage, and a score of tattered men
came rushing in and threw themselves down before
the machine as if in reverence. And, as though en-
dowed with intelligence, the machine seemed to hear,
for it reached out the same great claw-like hand,
clutched one of the men at random, and thrust him
into the place of the rejected one. And now the
arms of the newcomer began to work up and down,
up and down unremittingly, accompanying the steel
rods in the same even and automatic fashion as the
arms of his predecessor.

  The next feature on the program was a long oration
delivered in Agripides’ most celebrated words; fol-
lowing which the actor prepared the way for the cli-
max by a few explanatory comments. “Members of
the National Assembly,” said he, still using phrases
first uttered three thousand years before, “I wish you
to look carefully at- Axios, which, as you know, is one
of the leading commercial cities of our age. First
gaze upon its domes and towers as they are now
familiar to you; then behold them as they will be
when the unleashed waters of the Atlantic come sweep-
ing across them; then open your eyes wide for a fore-
glimpse of our land in the golden era after the Sub-
mergence.”

EVEN as the last words were uttered, my atten-
tion was drawn to the huge amorphous mass which
lay cloaked in white linen at one side of the stage.
Invisible hands seemed to take hold of the covering;
slowly it was lifted into the air, then slowly pulled
to one side and out of sight. At first I could only
gape in astonishment—the strangest of all conceivable
things was being unbared! Distinctly I was reminded
of the paintings I had seen in various of the halls of
Archeon—that which stared before me was a city in

miniature, but a city such as I would have expected
no Atlantean to conceive. Not the faintest resem-
blance did it bear to this undersea realm of statue-
like temples and many-columned palaces; rather, it
was like a city of the modern world. Row upon un-
bending row of box-like edifices, apparently of granite
or brick, loomed at irregular heights and with flat,
ungarnished roofs; tier after tier of little oblong win-
dows looked out from the smoke-stained sides of the
towers; slender defiles, so narrow that they reminded
one of light-wells, separated the opposing ranks of
masonry; and at the base of these dreary gray pits
swarmed masses of dark-robed men and women,
jammed together so compactly that one wondered if
they were not standing on each other’s toes.

  “By the Blessed Mother, if it ain’t little old New
York!” stuttered Stranahan, nudging me knowingly in
the side.

  Even as he spoke, I was startled by a noise as of
a thunder clap. And the next instant, the midget
men and women scattered pellmell, vanishing through
little openings in the walls. Meanwhile the thunder
claps continued, loud-rumbling and resonant, one crash
pealing and reverberating before the echoes of the last
had died away; and miniature lightnings darted and
flared from the great greenish vault above. As the
display proceeded, it grew constantly brighter and
more vivid; and I was wondering what the sequel
would be, when suddenly there came a blast so loud
that I clapped my hands to my ears in terror. Simul-
taneously a brilliant blade of light seemed to cut
dagger-like through the buildings, wrapping them
momentarily in a sheet of flame; the walls seemed
to be heaving and trembling as though in an earth-
quake’s claws, and there came to my ears a rattling
and crashing as of falling masonry.

  Then, while the clamor increased and the buildings
heaved and wavered with the motion of tossing ships
at sea, the ground beneath them gave a sharp lunge
downward; and like toy castles, the towers all at once
collapsed, some falling over their neighbors in crash-
ing confusion, some shaken into great dusty piles of
mortar and stone, some stripped of their walls yet
still standing with gaunt contorted ribs of steel, some
bursting into flame that glared and crackled fiendishly
and poured out dense, black spirals of smoke.

  But scarcely had the thunder of the overthrown
walls died down when a new and more ominous roar-
ing came to my ears, a tumult as of Niagara or of
sea-waves splashing the cliffs. Out of the great
earthen basin into which the ruined city had subsided,
there issued a foaming confusion of waters, as though
a reservoir had burst its dam; and from all sides a
white-flecked torrent came plunging down upon the
wrecked towers, struggling and storming above their
lower stories as if to wash them utterly away. And
it seemed that they were to have their will, for the
towers were sinking, visibly sinking beneath the waves.
Heap after gigantic heap of debris dipped its head into
the waters and was lost to view; edifice after loom-
ing edifice, dismantled and battered, was engulfed by
the insatiable flood. And now the fires no longer
burned and the smoke no longer soared; now only two
or three tortured steel columns reached out of the in-
different sea; now only one was left, one lean and
crooked metallic shaft like the agonized clutching hand
of a drowning man. But soon even this had slipped
from view, and the frotliy-tongued, deep-blue waters
gave no sign that a city had ever barred their path.

  And as the last trace of old Atlantis vanished, a
grayness as of twilight suffused the scene; the golden
lights became dim, and dimmer still, until they had
THE SUNKEN WORLD

331

fluttered out altogether, and blackness blotted all
things from our gaze.

  But as we sat there spellbound in the dark, feeling
like men who had beheld the end of all things, there
came an airy change to break the dreariness of our
mood. From far, far away, apparently whole worlds
away, issued a faint tinkling music, more like the
song of elves than of any mortal being. It was half
like the loveliness that one hears in dreams, and more
than half like the remote ghostly melodies borne to
one across the wind; but gradually it grew nearer,
gradually louder and more distinct, although its
ethereal and fairy-like quality still remained. At
length I recognized that it proceeded from a chorus
of voices, a wonderfully sweet womanly chorus whose
members may have been human but who seemed little
less than angelic. For it was with a divine exaltation
that they sang, and their tones were the tones of im-
mortal sweetness and hope, and they seemed to assure
me that all was well with the world and with life,
and that beauty and happiness must triumph.

  As the singing continued, the darkness was gradu-
ally dispersed; yet the great orb above did not resume
the full brightness of the Atlantean day, but remained
subdued to a rose-tinged twilight glow. And in that
twilight a troop of shimmering-gowned dancing maid-
ens appeared, swinging from side to side with superbly
harmonious movements of arm and waist and ankle
until they seemed not so much individual dancers as
parts of the eternal rhythm of the universe. But
whether the singing proceeded from them or from per-
sons unseen was more than I could judge; for just
then my eye was caught by the leader of the dancers,
and my thoughts were as if paralyzed. As she glided from
side to side with movements like music, she smiled a
gloriously sweet smile; and that smile seemed to be
bent full upon me, though here my imagination may
have borne false reports. But with furiously thump-
ing heart and a surging of something dangerously like
tenderness, I realized that Aelios had kept her promise
to see me at the pageant.

CHAPTER XVI

An Official Summons

THREE or four days after the pageant, I was sur-
prised to receive a visitor in the shape of a
serious-looking gray old man whom I did not
remember ever having seen before. In his hand he
bore a little blue-sealed parchment scroll, on which my
name had been inscribed in the native language; and
by his grave manner, and particularly by the signifi-
cant way in which he held the document, I feared that
his mission might prove of ominous importance.

  My first impression was that I had unwittingly vio-
lated some local law, and was being summoned to
court to answer for the crime. But this fear was
swiftly dissipated. “I congratulate you, young man,”
said my visitor, having determined that I was the per-
son he sought. “This is an occasion such as comes
but once in a lifetime.” And with a sedate and defer-
ential air, and apparently not surmising that the na-
ture of his mission was still a mystery to me, he
passed the little document to me; following which he
congratulated me again, and solemnly bowed his way
out of the room.

  I now suspected that I was either the recipient of
some high honor or the appointee to some responsible
office. It is no wonder, accordingly, that my fingers
trembled when I ripped open the blue seal, and that
in my eagerness I almost tore the parchment as well.
But again my; expectations were to prove ill-founded.

The message turned out to be very brief; and, far
from providing cause either for exultation or dismay,
it served merely to puzzle me.

  “To the respected Anson Harkness,” ran the words,
which were handsomely formed in the native script,
“the Committee on Selective Assignments wishes to
announce that it is ready for the hearings and exami-
nations in his case. If he will therefore be so kind
as to present himself at the Committee offices any noon
during the next ten days, he may be assured that the
investigations will be carried out with a minimum of
delay and a decision promptly rendered.”

  And that was all, except for the signature of the
Head of the Committee! Not a word as to what the
Selective Assignments might be! Not a word as to
the nature of the “hearings and examinations!" Time
after time I re-read this queer message, scrutinizing it
until I had memorized it in its entirety; but the more
I read the more perplexed I became, and I could almost
believe myself the target of some practical joker. Just
what was to be investigated? And what decision was
to be reached? Was it that my conduct was thought
improper and was to be reviewed? That I was con-
sidered too scornful of local customs, or too friendly to
Aelios? Or—judging from the congratulatory man-
ner of the gray-haired one—was I somehow deemed
worthy of reward, possibly through the connivance of
Aelios? Or was I to be examined as prize scholars
are sometimes examined before being granted a
scholarship?

  To confess the truth, none of these possibilities ap-
peared very credible to me. But I could think of
nothing more plausible, and at length was forced to
recognize that the mystery was too deep for my pene-
tration. The only reasonable course would be to con-
sult one of the natives, who could doubtless answer
all my questions without any trouble. And since I
was acquainted with only one of the natives besides
my tutor, and since it would give me particular
pleasure to consult that one, I decided that, if possible,
I should refer the baffling document to Aelios.

  But how to isolate Aelios long enough for a con-
versation was in itself a problem. After some thought,
however, I conceived an idea which seemed promising:
if I could determine where Aelios lived and then pay
her a visit, I might solve the mystery of the Selective
Assignments at the same time as I made possible a
closer intimacy with Aelios herself.

  Yet it was only by a severe effort that I found the

courage to carry out my plans - to follow Aelios

one afternoon after the conclusion of her day’s in-
struction. Through innumerable curving lanes and
avenues I trailed her and her fellow tutors, pressing
close to the columns and the walls of the building,
like a detective tracking his prey. At length, when
we seemed to be approaching the outskirts of the
city, Aelios waved a pleasant farewell to her com-
panions, and started off alone down a little path bor-
dered by a deep-red geranium-like flower. Thinking
this to be my opportunity, I hastened my footsteps;
but before I could overtake her she had reached the
end of the path, and, quite oblivious of my approach,
had entered the arching doorway of a house—or, should
I call it a palace?—with curving convex walls of the
color of pearl.

  For several minutes I stood wavering without. And
it was in half-timid hesitancy that at last I forced
my feet to the threshold and urged my hands to rap
at the violet stained-glass panels of the door.

  It was but a minute before the sound of approach-
ing footsteps notified me that I had not knocked in
vain. But in that minute I was swept by wild hope3
332

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

and still wilder torments and regrets. Would it be
Aelios herself that answered me? Or would it be
some member of her family, possibly her mother or
father, or else a sister almost as charming as herself?
And, if so, what should I say? and on what business
pretend to seek a conference with Aelios?

  While I was wrapped in such thoughts, the door
swung open, and I found myself face to face—not with
Aelios, nor with her mother or father, nor with a
sister of hers! But a young man of perhaps twenty-
five, broad-browed and sparkling-eyed like most of the
Atlanteans, stood looking inquiringly out at me.

  "Is this—is this where Aelios lives?” I gasped, in
embarrassment.

  “Yes, Aelios lives here,” he returned, in matter-of-
fact tones. And then, with a winning smile, “You
would like to see her?”

  I admitted that he had surmised correctly, and was
relieved to be admitted into the house without further
questioning. Having passed through a broad hallway
or vestibule illumined by large, swinging orange-
colored lamps, we entered a daintily tapestried sitting
room featured by lanterns of pale blue. The young
man bade me be seated on the seaweed-decorated sofa,
and then left me momentarily to myself; and in that
brief snatch of solitude I found myself assailed by
storms of jealous questions. Who was the young man?
And in what relationship did he stand to Aelios?
Was he perchance some suitor of hers? Or was he
merely her brother? Or was it possible—oh, unspeak-
able thought!—that she was already married, and that
this was her husband?

  At the latter reflection I experienced in advance all
the pangs of unsuccessful love. My head swam with
senseless fury; I was weighed down with anticipatory
despair, and saw myself the victim of hopes that
could never be fulfilled. I had just reached the dark-
est point of my broodings, and was just telling myself
that of course I could never attract so admirable a
woman as Aelios, when I heard a well known mel-
odious voice murmuring, “What is the matter today,
my friend? What are you so depressed about?”

RECALLED from my dejection as from a bad
dream, I sprang up to take the hand of Aelios,
who was smiling as graciously as though my visit had
been expected and even welcomed.

  But what I next said I cannot recall. No doubt it
was some bit of nonsense not worth repeating; indeed,
it would perhaps have been some bit of sentimental
nonsense, had I not recalled the existence of the un-
known young man. But since I was too diffident to
inquire who he might be, and since the thought of him
remained with me in spite of Aelios’ kindness, I re-
frained from all sentimental advances in this, our first
private meeting. It is true, that whenever her blue
eyes flashed, they drew me toward her like twin mag-
nets; it is true, that whenever she smiled, her inex-
pressibly sweet smile, I yearned to dash down all
barriers in one long fervent confession; yet I was
thankful even to be able to sit side by side with her
quietly talking. In the wide years that separate me
now from that brief enchanted interview, my memory
has lost track of what she said, it merely retains how
she said it; I can recall the sparMing eagerness with
which her words poured forth, like the wavelets of a
rapid crystal stream; I can recapture the sage nodding
and tossing of her head, the ripples of deep feeling
that passed and repassed on her mobile countenance,
the luminesence as from some inner sun that would
make her whole face shine as she uttered some rare
bit of wit or fancy. But I do not even know the sub-

ject of our discussion, except that it was a theme
suggested by her and that it was impersonal; I only
know that it was she who did most of the talking
while I looked on in awed worship, and that either
she was blind to my reverence for her or else chose
to ignore it.

  It was not until I rose to leave that my thoughts
reverted to the subject which had brought me to see
Aelios. And then, since the hour was late and my
mood was no longer prosaic, I did not choose to dis-
cuss that topic long. I merely showed Aelios the
letter, which she glanced at briefly and with a broad
smile; then she surprised me by congratulating me
just as the gray-haired bearer of the message had
done.

  But she was exceedingly chary of information. “If
you will go to the Committee offices,” she suggested,
"the whole matter will be made much clearer to you
than I could make it.” And, after directing me where
to find the offices, she added, "I’d advise you to waste
no time, or else you may lose your turn and have to
wait another half year. You know, that’s what hap-
pened once to my cousin Argol, who met you at the
door just before.”

  Genuinely gratified that my doubts about Cousin
Argol had been dispersed, I thanked Aelios and turned
to leave. My heart pattered happily when I found
her accompanying me to the outer door; and I felt
an actual thrill of joy when she pressed her little hand
firmly in my great one, and murmured, in tones that
could leave no doubt of her sincerity, “Come' again,
my friend. Come whenever you wish some one to talk
with. I shall always be glad to see you.”

  And it was with a glow of triumph that I found
myself walking down the flower-bordered walk toward
the main avenue. Aelios was more friendly than I
had had any reason to expect!—her company was even
more charming than I had imagined! Considering all
things, I had every cause to be thankful, and who
knew but that some day— But here my thoughts
reached a dazzling veil beyond which I would not allow
them to penetrate, for there were still heights that I
could not mount even in my most daring fancies.

CHAPTER XVII
The High Initiation

PROMPTLY at noon the following day I presented
myself before the Committee on Selective As-
signments. The offices, which I found without
difficulty, were located on the lower floor of an impos-
ing blue-tinted granite edifice; and the Committee itself
occupied a hall reminding me vaguely of a court-room,'
except that its ornamental columns and busts and
statues were unparalleled in any court-room I had ever
seen. Before a long marble railing sat about fifteen
men and women, some old but several conspicuously
young. All were perched on cushioned marble seats
before little marble pedestals or writing stands, and
to their rear were cases lined with rows of parchment-
bound volumes that lent the place a scholarly dignity.
In front of them, across the railing, were half a
dozen tiers of blue stone benches; and on each of the
benches stood a huge pile of books, as though the
spectators were expected to make use of their time
during any delay in the proceedings.

  But I was not admitted at once into this great hall.
First I was escorted into a small anteroom, where
three Atlanteans—two youths of about twenty, and a
girl of the same age—were seated studiously reading.
From a little parchment document which each car-
ried, I felt sure that they were here on a mission
THE SUNKEN WORLD

333

Some of the trees had branches symmetrically woven into the likenesses of great cobwebs, and from those cobwebs at regular intervals dangled
clusters of grape-like fruits; other trees were cactus-like and leafless; and some of the shrubs and creepers bore pods resembling those of beans
and peas, cxcopt that they were over a foot in length. The vast majority of this strange assemblage of plants seemed to be fruit-bearing . . •
334

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

similar to my own; but so preoccupied did they seem,
that I had no opportunity to question them. For a
moment I merely stared at them impatiently; then,
turning to ispect the room, I was delighted to observe
a pile of little books on a reed stand in one corner.

AFTER a single curious glance, I began examining
these volumes with hungry interest. Their very
titles proved alluring, far more alluring than anything
printed I had yet seen in Atlantis, with the exception
of the lost Homeric masterpiece. Some were works
of information dealing with subjects so varied as
“Post-Submergence Mural Art,” “The Rise of Govern-
ment by Selection," “The Stimulation of Plant Life by
Artificial Sunlight,” “History of the Abolition of
Crime,” or “History of the Decline of the Upper
World”; others were essays on such rare topics as
“The Cultivation of Genius,” “Is Altruism One of the
Human Instincts?” and “How Atlantis Found the
World by Losing It”; still others were works of liter-
ature, and, though I had no time to observe them
carefully, I saw that they included an epic poem on
"Agripides,” a volume of lyrics by some unknown
writer of two thousand years ago as well as selections
from a dozen lyricists of the present, a poetic drama
evidently designed for performance at the annual cele-
bration of the Submergence, several novels and a col-
lection of stories, and a romance of the far future
entitled “Super-Art.”

  But what particularly engaged my attention was
a genial little satire known as “The Prisoner." This
story, which was written in a crisp and simple style
that I found delightful, recounted how an Atlantean
of a thousand years before had been sentenced, as
the penalty for his sins, to pass his remaining years
in the upper world. Having been sent above seas in
a little water-tight craft propelled by intra-atomic
engines, he had set about to seek his fortune in his
new surroundings; and, finding that the way to win
distinction was to accumulate much gold, he applied
his superior Atlantean wits so well that in a short
while he became fabulously wealthy. But, after at-
taining what was reputed to be success, he discovered
that his wealth meant nothing to him; he was hungry
for the art and the beauty of Atlantis, without which
the world seemed barbarous and empty. Even though
he could have purchased any treasure or luxury on
earth, he took to morbid repining; he brooded and
brooded until he went completely out of his wits,
which were finally restored to him when the Atlan-
teans took pity and decided to let him return. And so
the poor man went back to his native land, having
first forfeited his riches; and this was the last case
of insanity even known among the Atlanteans.

  I had just completed this little story when I was
roused to reality by hearing a strange voice sonorously
pronouncing my name. Looking up, I saw a lavender-
gowned man motioning me toward the main Committee
Room; and I observed with surprise that the youths
and the girl had disappeared while I was absorbed
in my book.

  I found the central hall empty except for the fifteen
men and women sedately seated behind the railing;
but at sight of these grave individuals I felt my mis-
givings returning, and wished that I could have been
anywhere else in the universe.

  “This is Anson Harkness, is it not?” rang forth
the high-pitched and yet not unpleasant voice of an
aged man whose proximity to the railing indicated that
he was the head of the Committee. And after I had
assured him that I was the person designated, the
Head Member continued, earnestly and yet not so men-

acingly as I had expected, “Be seated, Anson Hark-
ness. It is an important matter that brings you here.
And I believe that, in your case, more than the usual
amount of time and thought will be necessary before
we can reach a decision.”

  The Head Member paused, cleared his throat, and
slowly proceeded, “I trust that you will co-operate
with us to the best of your ability, for only so can
we expect satisfactory results. Just as the average
man is betrothed but once in his life, so he appears
but once before this Committee; and since, as in the
case of a betrothal, much may depend upon the proper
choice—”

  “I beg your pardon, sir,” I interrupted, unable to
endure these long-winded sentences that only added to
my confusion, “Would you mind telling me why I am
here? As yet I haven’t the faintest idea.”

  The Head Member peered at me in mild surprise;
his fourteen associates darted inquiring looks at one
another.

  “Why, yes, that is a proper question,” he resumed,
blandly. “I had forgotten: you are a foreigner, and
are unacquainted with our ways. You will under-
stand, of course that foreigners were so totally un-
known before your coming that the necessity for ex-
planation had not occurred to me. However, the whole
matter can be made clear in a few words. You are
summoned for what is known as the High Initiation—
in other words, this should be the happiest day of
your life, since you are now regarded as having
reached maturity and so may set forth upon your
career of service to the State.”

HAVING been a voter in the United States for the
past eleven years, I was not flattered to be told
that I had reached maturity. None the less, I held
my tongue, and listened patiently as the Head Member
continued.

  "The government tutor who has been instructing
you,” he pursued, "has reported that you have at least
an elementary knowledge of our language and cus-
toms, and suggests that you be assigned at once to
service. Acting upon his recommendation, we intend
to promote you to duties that accord as nearly as
possible with your desires and capabilities. But first
we must say a word as to the methods in vogue in
our land. Ever since the great social revolution which
occurred in the second century after the submergence
and which for a time threatened to engulf us in chaos,
we have employed what is known as the Beehive Sys-
tem of labor—which means that every citizen is re-
quired to perform a certain minimum amount of
work for the State in order to accomplish those tasks
indispensable for our continued existence. Fortun-
ately, the utilization of intra-atomic energy and the
elimination of waste and of duplication of effort have
reduced the essential work to one-tenth of that
thought necessary before the Submergence; and the
average citizen now labors not more than an hour and
a half or two hours a day. There have, indeed, been
occasional men and women so enamored of their em-
ployment as to insist on working four or five hours,
but such excessive application is not encouraged, for
it is believed to overcast the mind and blunt the
esthetic sensibilities.”

  “Then for heaven’s sake,” I burst forth, thinking
this country to be wholly without “push” and energy,
“What do people here do with their time? If they
don’t work, they must be simply bored to "cTeath!”

  The Head Member regarded me with a tolerant
smile, as one might regard a lunatic ■nfco makes some
harmless remark.
THE SUNKEN WORLD

335

  “That is where you misunderstand the meaning of
the word work,” he explained, with something of the
manner of a schoolmaster to a backward pupil. “Our
people do work, and work diligently indeed, and some-
times work many hours a day—but not on those barren
practical duties to which they are assigned, and which
are necessary merely in order that the community may
exist. As soon as any man or woman has passed the
period of elementary instruction and is assigned to
service by this Committee, he finds himself in posses-
sion of many leisure hours a day—and those hours of
leisure constitute the important part of his life, and
it is on their account that he is to be congratulated
on reaching maturity. For now he may have the op-
portunity both for self-expression and for the better
sort of service to the State; he may devote himself to
study, research or creation in any field that suits his
fancy (there is absolutely no restriction in this re-
gard, although every one is expected to apply himself
to some definite pursuit). One, for example, may elect
to paint landscapes; a second to conduct some elaborate
philosophic inquiry; a third to write poetry; a fourth
to investigate the ways of marine animals; a fifth to
be an actor, or a musical virtuoso, or the author of
historical essays, or a critic of architecture, or a de-
signer of fine tapestries.”

  “But what if one finds nothing at all that he can
do?” I inquired, wondering how on earth I could fit
myself into this superior scheme of things.

  “Oh, but one must find something!” declared the
Head Member, while his colleagues eyed one another
with looks implying that I was really too naive for belief.
“It would be a disgrace to do nothing at all except
one’s practical duties. It would mean that one had
been a failure in life; that one’s existence had added
nothing to the world. Why, there isn't more than one
such a case a year—and then it’s usually found that
the poor sufferer has been the victim of some acci-
dent, which blunted his mental faculties.”

  The Head Member paused; and while I had horrific
visions of myself as the first failure in a year, one of
the members just to the rear of the Head Member
leaned over and whispered something into his ear.
Just what he said I could not catch, but the evident
effect was to hasten proceedings, for the chief official
promptly turned to me, and, with unwonted directness,
continued, “Well, now that we have made all the neces-
sary explanations, let us get down to the actual as-
signment. Just what sort of work do you think you
would prefer, young man?”

  Having no reason to believe that I would prefer any
work at all, I did nothing but gape blankly at the
speaker.

  “I am surprised at your hesitancy,” that sedate indi-
vidual at length continued, blandly. “There is so
much for you to do that I should think you would
simply overwhelm us with suggestions.”

BUT I fear that I continued to do nothing but look
blank. “You will pardon me,” I pleaded, when
the suspense had become embarrassing, "if I leave the
suggestions to you. I really know so little about At-
lantis that I couldn’t possibly choose wisely.”

  “True, you do know little about Atlantis,” coincided
the Head Member, with a smile. “But there is some-
thing about which you undoubtedly know a great deal,
and about which we Atlanteans know nothing at all.”
“You mean—my own country?” I demanded, while
all the members of the Committee leaned forward with
interested glances.

  "Of course—your own country, and the upper world
in general,” the Head Member nodded, approvingly.

“You must remember, our latest news of your world
was received some three thousand years ago. Even
for a leisurely people like us, that is a long while. You
cannot imagine how curious we are as to all that
has happened since.”

  “And that’s what you want me to tell you?”
“Naturally. We know, to be sure, that no one man
could begin to tell us everything, but at least we’d
like to learn the general outline of events. And so
we are thinking of appointing you Official Historian
of the Upper World.”

  “Official Historian of the Upper World!” I repeated,
like one in a daze.

  “Yes. Why not? Judging from the fact that
you’ve made quicker progress in our language than
any of your companions, we think you would perhaps
be better qualified for the office.”

  “But I haven’t specialized in history—” I started to
plead.

  “We’re more interested in general movements than
in particular incidents,” explained the Head Member.
"The sort of knowledge that any educated man might
give us, is what we want.

  "You certainly are not unacquainted with the present
civilization up above, are you?”

  “No, not altogether,” I was forced to acknowledge.
“And you’ve been taught a reasonable amount about
the past, have you not?"

  “I’ve taken a number of history courses at college,
if that’s what you mean.”

  “Excellent! Excellent!” And the Head Member
beamed upon me ingratiatingly. “Then the rest should
be a mere matter of study and application. You don’t
object to the appointment, do you?”

  I confessed that I did not object.

Whereupon, turning to his associates, he inquired,
“Do you all approve of the appointment of Anson
Harkness as Official Historian of the Upper World?”
Since there was no dissent among the Committee
members, my life-work was apparently settled.

  “But just what do you expect me to do?” I queried,
somewhat doubtfully, after my appointment had been
confirmed.

  “You are to write a history of the upper world, of
course,” explained the Head Member, surprised that I
should ask the obvious. “How you are to proceed
will be for you to decide; but you must remember
that this will be your assigned work, to which you are
expected to devote not less than two hours a day. I
might point out, moreover, that yours is one of those
rare cases where the assigned work is so important
that you might do well to combine it with your op-
tional work, and so dedicate your time exclusively to
your duties as historian.”

  "Perhaps that would be the best way,” I agreed, for
it struck me that the task before me would require
all my energies.

  But at that juncture an important question occurred
to me. I did not wish to seem too commercial; but
it was evident that the examiners had overlooked some-
thing essential. “Now as to the practical returns,” I
ventured, mildly. “I know, of course, that I cannot
expect to be paid very much—”

  "To be paid?” repeated four or five of the Com-
mittee members all at once, with looks of such sheer
amazement that I knew that I had blundered.

  “Oh, then perhaps I must show you some results
first?” I suggested, perceiving no other alternative.

  For two or three seconds there was silence—an
ominous, puzzling silence which made me realize that
I had given deep offense.

  “Young man,” the Head Member at length broke ^
336

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

forth, severely, “I fear that you are under a grave
misapprehension. “But possibly you are not wholly to
blame, for it may be that your own country still labors
under those primitive social arrangements which we
Atlanteans abolished three thousand years ago. Know,
then, that there is no such thing as payment in our
land. There is no money; there is no medium of
exchange. You do your work, and in return receive
all the necessaries of life; your meals are brought to
you by State employees, just as they have been
brought to you thus far; you are also lodged by the
State, clothed by the State, educated by the State; the
State works of art are at your disposal, you are ad-
mitted freely to all State entertainments, and are
even granted periodic vacations to break the monotony
of existence. What more could any man desire?”

  "No more, of course," I conceded, feeling utterly
crushed. _

  “Very well, then,” said the official, with an indulgent
smile that made me feel ridiculous. "Now there is
only one more matter to be decided. How would you
like to set out on your travels the day after to-
morrow?”

  "What travels?” I gasped, wondering what-on earth
he could mean.

  "Why, evidently you haven’t heard about that,
either!” remarked the Head Member, noting my sur-
prise. “You see, every Atlantean, upon receiving his
assignment and before taking up his duties, is ex-
pected to make a tour of the country, so as to ac-
quaint himself with it at first hand. Otherwise, how
could he expect to voice himself intelligently on na-
tional affairs?”

  Having nothing to say in reply, I merely gaped and
remained silent.

  “Ordinarily, this journey requires about a month,”
my informer proceeded. “The trip is made entirely
on foot, so that one may observe the country thorough-
ly. There is a party leaving in two days—perhaps you
would like to join them.”

  “Very well,” I assented. And, after being advised
regarding a few details of the trip and then notified
of my dismissal, I went away feeling more puzzled than
ever, for I could not believe that Atlantis could show
me anything more marvelous than it had already
shown.

CHAPTER XVIII

The Journey Commences

TWO days later I set out on what was to prove
the most extraordinary excursion of my life.
Arriving early in the morning at the appointed
meeting place—an open, flower-bordered "circle” or
park near the western end of the town—I was greeted
by a score of eager young men and women, who intro-
duced themselves as my traveling companions. They
were all in an excited, highly animated condition, chat-
ting and jesting continually, moving about restlessly,
gay with the gaiety of high expectations; and they all,
without exception, were conspicuously and vividly
youthful, for their ages must have varied between
eighteen and twenty-one. At the same time, they re-
sembled their fellow Atlanteans in that they looked
utterly wholesome and unworldly, and had the grace
and beauty of persons whose lives have been unstained
and whose minds untarnished.

  I was just wondering whether these attractive crea-
tures were to be my sole companions, when I was sur-
prised by the sight of four newcomers—two men and
two women of somewhat maturer years than the
others. At the moment of their arrival they were sur-

  rounded so enthusiastically by the members of the
party that I had not a chance for a clear glimpse of
them; but even a partial glimpse was enough to make
me stop short with a gasp of delight—among their
number I thought I saw the sparkling blue eyes of
Aelios! At first I was not sure; but with fast-throb-
bing heart I pressed forward, and to my inexpressible
joy found that I had not been mistaken.

  “Aelios!” I cried, as soon as I could manage to
draw her to one side. “Aelios—what are you doing
here?”

  She smiled her bewilderingly sweet smile, but did
not choose to answer directly. “What are you doing
here?” she countered.

  “Why, you should know without asking," I reminded
her. “Didn’t I show you my summons from the Com-
mittee on Selective Assignments?”

  “Yes, I remember," she murmured. “Only, I didn’t
know you would set out on- your travels so soon. But
I’m really very glad. Now you’ll be a full-fledged
citizen of Atlantis!"

  “But are you going with us, Aelios? Are you going,
too?” I asked, still unable to credit my good fortune.

  “Yes, I am going.” And, observing how quizzically
I was regarding her, she continued, “You see, three
or four tutors are assigned to each of the traveling
parties, for we have made the journey before, and are
able to explain the sights along the way.”

  “But how can you leave so suddenly?" I questioned,
remembering Stranahan’s daily lessons. “How about—
how about the work you were doing here?”

  “Oh, I am excused, of course, until my return. Some
other tutor is substituted for me, and everything goes
along smoothly enough with my students.”

  “Their loss is our good fortune,” said I, quite truth-
fully; and Aelios acknowledged the compliment with a
gracious bow, and then smilingly rejoined the other
tutors.

 A few minutes later we were under way. We
crossed the Salty River on a long bridge overarched
with a crystal arcade and lined with friezes repre-
senting mythological scenes; then on the northern
bank, we followed a little winding lane westward at
the base of the marble palaces and towers. Before
many minutes, we approached the borders of the city;
and when at length we passed into the open country,
my companions experienced a rare burst of high spirits.
Some gave expression to their feelings by low, soft
cries of joy; some capered, romped and laughed mer-
rily along the way; some engaged in loud-pitched and
enthusiastic discussions; but all looked carefree and
happy indeed; and I could not help being infected with
their gay mood. I experienced nothing of the con-
straint that might have been only natural, for my
companions seemed to accept me frankly as one of
them, and in consequence I felt hardly out of place.
Before long I was chatting with several of the young
men as volubly as though I had known them all their
lives.

  Of Aelios I caught no more than a glimpse on that
first day. She seemed to be absorbed in her conversa-
tions with the other tutors; and an occasional smiling
glance in my direction was all that she would vouch-
safe me. But I was happy merely to know that she
was near, and was convinced that succeeding days
would offer opportunities to strengthen our friendship.
And at the same time I was so well occupied that I
had little leisure for thinking of anybody in particular.

  To one who has never been underseas and gazed
at the landscapes of that incredible world, it will be
impossible to convey any idea of the enthusiasm and
the wonder I felt. Already I had beheld marvels in

I
THE SUNKEN WORLD

337

Atlantis, marvels sufficient to bewilder the most auda-
cious imagination; but that which I now observed was
so unique as momentarily to overshadow even my pre-
vious discoveries.

FOR the first hour after leaving the city we pursued
a little path that ran almost in a straight line
along the banks of the Salty River. Opposite us,
across the stream, stretched the long, low contours of
the colonnades and temples I had inspected soon after
arriving in Atlantis; and at our feet the waters shot
swiftly by, with gentle swishing and murmuring, a
green-gray expanse several hundred yards across, but
differing from all other rivers I had ever beheld in
that it was of the same width at all points and flowed
dn a straight and orderly manner without any twists,
turns or meanderings.

  All this, of course, I had already observed; and my
first surprises were not to come until at length the
road bent abruptly northward away from the river and
we entered what was for me a virgin territory. As
we advanced, the vegetation became denser and more
curious; tall reeds, bushes and trees began to cluster
about us until I had the impression of being lost in
a jungle. But it was a jungle such as no explorer has
ever viewed in the wilds of Africa, New Guinea, or
Brazil, for the plants were so fantastic that even the
strange undersea vegetation I had already beheld
seemed commonplace by comparison. Here, for the
first time, the trees were of a vivid green, and a nor-
mal foliage was abundant; yet there was so much
which looked abnormal that I could only stare and
stare in amazement. Some of the trees had branches
symmetrically woven into the likenesses of great cob-
webs, and from those cobwebs at regular intervals
dangled clusters of grape-like fruits; other trees were
cactus-like and leafless, with huge round protuberances
at regular intervals along their spiny boles; still others
;were almost concealed amid thick meshes of vines, or
were adorned with multicolored cup-shaped blossoms
larger than a man’s head, or dominated by scores of
succulent-looking stalks like gigantic asparagus. Then
again some were little more than great rounded and
compressed masses of leafage, reminding me of ten-
foot cabbages; and some would have struck me as
nothing more than ordinary mushrooms, had they not
reached as high as my waist; and some of the shrubs
and creepers bore pods resembling those of beans and
peas, except that they were over a foot in length. But
the most conspicuous fact about this strange assem-
blage of plants was that the vast majority seemed to
be fruit-bearing; and on all sides one could observe a
multitude of green fruits of all sizes and shapes, as
well as a profusion of the ripening and ripe product,
some of it small as cherries and some large as water-
melons, some pale green and some gaudy red, some
lemon-hued and some a modest pink and some a deep
purple, but all striking one by a contrast and a variety
as pleasing to the eye as it was extraordinary.

  As we entered this peculiar jungle-like region, I
noted a marked change in the atmosphere. For the
first time, I became aware that there could be such a
thing as climate in Atlantis: the air was growing dank
and overheated, and I had the impression of having
entered the tropics. And simultaneously I observed
an increase of light that for the moment dazzled me,
and I felt as if a torrid sun were burning directly above.
Yet the source of the added warmth and illumination
was in no way a mystery: brilliant white lamps had
been placed at intervals along the great roof-supporting
tinted columns, glaring down upon the foliage like
miniature suns, and combining with the larger golden

  orbs to lend the scene a dream-like and unearthly
beauty.

  Before long I noted that the vegetation was inter-
rupted every few hundred yards by a ditch from five
to ten feet across and filled to the brim with sluggish
brown water. Had not these trenches invariably been
of even width and geometrical straightness, I might
have mistaken them for rivulets; but their precise out-
lines would permit but one interpretation, and they
brought me remembrances of the irrigation canals I
had seen on the semi-arid plains of Arizona and Cali-
fornia. It seemed, however, that they served more
than a single purpose; for as we crossed a little arch-
ing bridge over one of the widest of their waterways,
I saw a long, flat boat anchored just beneath my feet;
and four or five men, clad in close-fitting gray instead
of in the usual long-flowing tinted robes, were busy
loading this barge with newly plucked clusters of blue
and crimson and orange-colored fruit.

  Even had there been no one to enlighten me con-
cerning these queer jungles, I would now have under-
stood their general nature. Still they seemed to em-
body a multitude of mysteries, mysteries to be ex-
plained by no known laws of biology; and, accordingly,

I	listened eagerly when one of the tutors, finding him-
self besieged by an enthusiastic, questioning coterie,
launched forth upon an explanatory discourse.

  “From the earliest times, as you know,” said he,
speaking informally, and yet with something of the
manner of a professor addressing his class, "We At-
lanteans have been skilled in horticulture. To begin
with, nature provided the stimulus, for the flora of
an island such as Atlantis is apt to be unique, and
that of our own country was particularly so. But long
before the Submergence, we had outdone nature by de-
veloping a multitude of new plants; and since the
Submergence our botanists have busied themselves in-
cessantly with the study of artificial stimulation of
vegetable life. It is well known how industriously they
have experimented, trying the effect of new soils and
environments, grafting the limbs of innumerable
bushes and trees, cross-fertilizing and encouraging all
favorable chance growths or "sports”; and in these
pursuits they have been aided by the altered environ-
ment of Atlantis, which seems favorable to rapid and
sudden variation, and has given rise to innumerable
varieties of plants unknown before.

  “I do not need to tell you how essential all this
has been for the maintenance of Atlantean life, for
our land is limited in extent and much of it is un-
suited for agriculture; only by the intensive and
forced development of the rest can we hope to sup-
port our people. And so it has been necessary to
evolve food-plants that would produce more prolifically
than any known before; and at the same time we have
had to develop a light which would be the chemical
equivalent of sunlight, and so would stimulate the
chlorophyl of the leaves, the original source of all
organic matter. This, to be sure, was accomplished
even before the Submergence; but since the Sub-
mergence there has been a constant improvement in
the quality of the artificial sunlight; and in the
eleventh century A. S., the great chemist, Sorandos,
produced a light actually superior to sunlight. At
least (for some reason that Sorandos himself never
made sufficiently plain) it stimulates plant life to an
extraordinarily rapid growth, even though it has the
compensating fault of inducing rapid decay. It is this
light which you see shining down upon you now from
the great stone columns.”

THE speaker paused, and I thought the time op-
portune to put a question which had been puzzling
338

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

    And along each side of tho broad passagoway, rising almost to meet the coiling, was a scries of what I took to be gigantic boilers. All of
these were connected with innumerable wires and with pipes thicker than a man’s body, while at the further end of the gallery the tubes wero
Interwoven in intricate loops, coils and convolutions like the exposed entrails of a Titan.
THE SUNKEN WORLD

339

me. ‘‘You tell us that you have need for intensive
crop production,” said I, “and yet have I not heard
that you can produce food chemically?"

  “Yes, indeed,” admitted the tutor, with a shrug.
“The same light that develops the chlorophyl in
plants may be employed for the synthetic manufacture
of starch and sugar out of charcoal and distilled water.
But that is an old-fashioned method, and not very suc-
cessful on the whole, for we have found that this
artificial food lacks some element essential for good
health.”

  “Even so, why rely wholly upon plant life?” I in-
quired, curious to know why my diet in Atlantis had
been strictly vegetarian. “Do you never—do you never
eat meat?”

  “Eat meat?” The tutor’s tone was one of astonish-
ment; and I observed half a dozen pairs of eyes star-
ing at me in shocked surprise.

  For a moment I felt like one who has urged canni-
balism or some other barbarous rite. And my dis-
comfort was scarcely relieved when my informant
sternly declared, “There has been no meat consumed
in Atlantis since the Submergence; flesh-eating has
been discarded along with the other uncivilized prac-
tices of the ancients. How could we feel ourselves to
be superior to the beasts and yet live at the cost of
blood?”

  “But are there no animals at all in Atlantis?” I
found the courage to inquire.

  “Oh, yes, though naturally we couldn’t take care
of many after the Submergence.” And my companion
paused, and pointed to a little red-breasted feathered
thing perched amid the dense green of the foliage.
“There are birds of course—we could not dispense with
them. Then there are a few insects, such as the but-
terflies—and the bees, which give us honey and are
necessary for plant pollenization—though all harmful
insects were long ago destroyed. Also, there are squir-
rels and chipmunks and other small creatures; and in
the Salty River and the canals there are numerous
fish. And in some places along the banks of the Salty
River there are hundreds of bullfrogs.”

  “Bullfrogs!” I exclaimed. “Bullfrogs!” And sud-
denly I understood the meaning of those strange
noises which had so terrified my shipmates and my-
self during our first night in Atlantis!

CHAPTER XIX

The Glass City

FOR five or six hours we proceeded through the
fruit-bearing jungles, which seemed limitless in
extent and yet constantly displayed new and un-
expected features. But the journey was by no means
arduous, for twice we paused for rest and refreshments
at little open-air inns that fronted the roads; at all
times our pace was unhurried. And most of the party
seemed still fresh and energetic when, toward the mid-
dle of the afternoon, we emerged suddenly from the
thickets and saw a group of fairy-like towers gleam-
ing straight ahead.

  “That is the city of Thalos,” I heard one of the
tutors explaining. “It is there that we stay for the
night.”

  As we approached, I directed my eyes eagerly upon
Thalos, which even at a distance appeared strikingly
different from Archeon. Indeed, it appeared strikingly
different from any city I had ever seen, for no streets
or thoroughfares of any kind were visible, and, as we
drew near, the various buildings seemed to merge in
a long unbroken line dominated by turrets, domes and
spires spaced at geometrical intervals; and all those

domes and spires flashed and sparkled with a multi-
colored light, which changed in hue and intensity with
every step we took and was elusive and yet vivid as
the glittering of innumerable gems.

  So awe-stricken was I that I scarcely thought of
questioning my companions, but hastened toward this
alluring city. And the nearer I approached the more
dazzled I was. By degrees I came to realize that a
high wall surrounded the town; but this wall brought
no reminders of the fortified bulwarks of ancient
cities, for its outlines were graceful and pleasing, its
color an agreeable dark blue, and its evident purpose
ornamental. And when I had come within a few
hundred yards of the city,. I observed that its blue-
ness was translucent, indicating that the building ma-
terial was glass!—and, judging from the peculiar glis-
tening and glinting of the towers projecting above the
wall, I wondered whether stained glass were not the
substance of the entire town!

  This, in fact, I discovered was so. Having passed
through the wall by means of a little arched gateway
invisible at a distance, I found myself in what might
have been a city out of the Arabian Nights. I can-
not say with certainty whether I beheld a single build-
ing or a hundred, or whether I stood in an open court
or in a street; for before me spread a wide expanse
of glass masonry, of arches and covered galleries, of
steeples and cupolas and winding balconies; and all
this masonry seemed to be joined in a more or less
unified whole. There may have been individual edi-
fices, but there was no edifice not connected with its
neighbors by arching walls or overhead passageways;
there may have been streets winding through this
wilderness of glass, but it struck me that there were
only open spaces alternating with twining glass-roofed
corridors. Yet, however bizarre the total impression
(and bizarre it was beyond all imagining), there was
also a certain unity that prevented the city from ap-
pearing grotesque; and its various segments, in their
garments of lavender or pale blue or turquoise or
vivid ruby, fitted together as perfectly as the parts
of an intricate and beautiful mosaic.

  We had barely entered the city when half a dozen
natives emerged from unseen corridors and greeted
us. Like the members of our own party, they were
dressed in exquisite light-tinted gowns; and, like all
the Atlanteans, they were well built, prepossessing of
appearance and handsome; and there was a perfect
natural courtesy in their manner when they assured
us how welcome we were and bade us accompany them
to our lodgings.

  Still speechless with wonder, I followed my com-
panions through long crystal galleries, around the base
of jewel-like glimmering towers, and across flowered
parks where iridiscent fountains splashed and bubbled.
“This is typical of the latest in architecture,” I heard
one of the men saying, as he pointed up at the curv-
ing, interlinking stained glass porticoes and domes.
“Thalos in its present form is not more than five cen-
turies old, and is exclusively a development of Post-
Submergence art.”

  Almost before these words were out of the speaker’s
mouth, we were led up a long flight of stairs and
through an elliptical doorway into a chamber which, to
my surprise, was walled and roofed not with glass,
but with marble. Here we were treated to a sumptu-
ous repast, consisting of a sort of vegetable steak, native
cakes and bread, honey and fruit, which already lay
spread for us on half a dozen little tables. And, after
we had dined, we were each shown to a room on the
roof, which was equipped with all articles that neces-
sity or convenience could demand, and where, if we
340

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

wished, we might well rest from the day’s exertions.

  Some of our party may possibly have availed them-
selves of this opportunity; but, for my own part, I
was so exciteed merely at being in Thales, that a rest
.was out of the question.

AS soon as I had washed myself clean of the dust
of the journey, I made my way down from my
roof-apartment and out of the building. As I stepped
toward the outer door, I was rejoiced to see a fa-
miliar blue-clad figure preceding me down the stairs.
“Aelios!” I cried; and when she turned to see what
was the matter, I joined her with the breathless sug-
gestion that we take a little stroll together. And—
quite unexpectedly—she obliged me by agreeing.

  "Luckily, I’ve been here before, and so know my way
about,” she said, as we started. “If you went alone,
you might get lost.”

  “I wouldn’t mind—in such a charming place,” I de-
clared, with a smile.

  And then, as a means of making conversation, I re-
marked, “The people here are exceedingly hospitable,
aren’t they?”

  “Hospitable?” she echoed, as if not understanding.
“What makes you think that?”

  Surprised, I pointed out the self-evident fact that
they had lodged and feasted us so splendidly.

  “Oh, it is not they that have lodged and feasted
us!” she corrected. “It is the State!”

  It was now my turn to look blank, and hers to ex-
plain.

  “Our complete itinerary has been arranged in ad-
vance,” she continued, “and all our needs will be pro-
vided for by the State, just as the State provides for
us when we’re at home. Obviously, that’s the only
possible way.”

  “Then is there no such thing as private property
in Atlantis?” I inquired.

  “Private property?” She looked puzzled, as though
trying to assimilate an alien point of view. “What
would be the use of private property?”

  Then, seeing the dull stare with which I replied,
she proceeded, “Of course, I remember that there used
to be private property in the old days, before the
Submergence. But that has all been abolished long
ago.”

  “Is it possible?” I exclaimed, thinking this the most
incredible statement I had yet heard.

  “Well, not quite all abolished,” she amended,
thoughtfully. “Our clothes and books and personal
ornaments are still private property, of course.”

  “But does the State supply one with everything
else?”

  “Yes, with everything, including one’s clothes. You’ll
see for yourself when you return from this trip and
set out as a citizen.”

  Thereupon she told me a few more facts about the
State control of property, and how things such as
inheritance and taxation were unknown. Then gradu-
ally the conversation shifted to less impersonal and
more alluring subjects. She asked me about the world
I had come from, and whether it had any architectural
marvels rivalling those of Thalos; and I replied that
it had not, though the skyscrapers of New York were
considered wondrous enough. I was reluctant to talk
about my own world, however; I did not wish to be
disturbed by remembrances; I desired only to be walk-
ing with Aelios as I was walking now, and to hear
her speak, and to be permitted to look into those
bright and glamorous blue eyes of hers. And so I
listened like one in a trance as she told me of her
life, and how she had been the eldest child of two

celebrated artists and had never lacked anything she
really wanted, and how from her earliest years she
had loved music and the dance, but particularly the
dance, and had followed her childhood inclinations in
her chosen work for the State, though in her pre-
scribed work she was a tutor. All this and much more
Aelios told me about herself, while I heard her with
adoration that must have been all too apparent in my
fascinated gaze. But she seemed without self-con-
sciousness and without realization of the tender senti-
ments welling up within me; and she rambled eagerly
on and on, speaking with animation and vivacity, as
one speaks to an old and amiable companion.

  We must have strolled through the rambling thor-
oughfares for an hour, when we seated ourselves on
a cushioned marble bench at one corner of a wide
court. “If we stay here until dark,” suggested Aelios,
“you will see one of the most curious exhibitions that
you have ever seen.”

  It seemed only a few minutes later when, without
warning, the golden orbs above us flickered, grew
dim, and flashed into blackness. Then, while I was
wondering whether we were to be left in total gloom,
other lights gleamed from the city’s unseen pinnacles;
and their rays darted in long streamers against a
blank glass wall directly across from us, illuminating
it with fantastic and unbelievable designs. Unlike the
searchlights that had amazed me at the Pageant of
the Good Destruction, these lights were not without
apparent purpose; they shed definite patterns, I might
almost say pictures, upon the broad glass screen. First
one could make out the form of a man, life-sized and
with pale-colored robes, moving in agile cinemato-
graph fashion; then a woman or a child would advance
across the screen to meet him; then the two would
engage in various significant motions or gesticulations,
to be joined perhaps by others; and in the swaying
and blending of the lights, the weird mingling and
intermingling of a myriad shades and colors, the back-
ground of shadows and the foreground of lithe and
active figures, I realized that I was witnessing the
representation of scenes from Atlantean life!

  What those scenes were I cannot recall. But I have
the impression that they aimed to present life sym-
bolically rather than literally; that beauty was their,
purpose rather than accuracy, and that a pleasing
harmony of color, tone and proportion was deemed
more important than a stringent realism. I fear that
I was not sufficiently advanced in the native art to
appreciate them, for they left little more effect upon
my mind than an exhibition of mere technique with
the violin or piano would leave upon one untrained
in music.

  But, at the time, the spectacle certainly did have its
influence. Although vaguely aware that the seats
about me were being silently occupied, I could scarcely
give a thought to my surroundings; and under the
enchantment of the shifting and pictorial lights, I
felt as if Aelios and I were alone together; and I
pressed close to her, until not a fraction of an inch
divided us and it seemed that we breathed not as two
persons but as one. Very cautiously, as though it
were a clandestine and forbidden act, I reached out my
hand till it touched hers and the palm closed softly
over her fingers. She did not return the pressure and
yet did not withdraw her hand, nor even seem to
notice what I was doing; and, in my confusion, I
scarcely knew whether to feel encouraged or repulsed.

  Then, by that wavering and uncertain light, I caught
a glimpse of her eyes. They were bright and shining
—and did they merely reflect her joy at the colored
display? Not a word was spoken between us, nor was
THE SUNKEN WORLD

341

I anxious that a word be spoken; I had sudden visions
of a tomorrow fairer than I would once have dared to
hope for.

CHAPTER XX
Farm and Factory

EARLY the following morning we were again under
way. Leaving Thalos through a little arched
gateway under the western wall, we trudged for
several hours through flat green countryside. Here
and there, amid breaks in the vegetation, we observed
edifices which my companions described as "farm-
houses,” but which, with their statue-lined walls and
marble columns, seemed to me to be little less than
palaces. These remarkable dwellings, of which there
must have been four or five to every square mile, were
conspicuous from a distance, for there were no ob-
scuring trees, and the landscape was dominated by
a hardy reed that grew shoulder-high in impenetrable
clusters.

  Except for the size of this plant, I might have
fancied it to be a variety of wheat. Not only were
its leaves long and grass-like, but it bore a rich crop
of some grain that closely resembled wheat, although
each of the seed-clusters were large as ears of Indian
corn. That it was cultivated for food purposes was
obvious, for brilliant white lamps were beaming from
the tinted columns as in the fruit-jungles, and at regu-
lar intervals we passed irrigation ditches, and now
and then caught glimpses of gray-clad men at work
amid the green thickets.

  But while this scenery was fairly interesting, it
was on the whole the most monotonous I had yet
viewed in Atlantis. Hence I was relieved when the
landscape showed a sudden change, and the cultivated
plains gave way to a series of long, low, grass-covered
hills. From the beginning, I noticed something
peculiar about these eminences, for their contours were
rounded with almost geometrical evenness; while be-
yond the furthest heights, a clear, rapid stream flowed
out of the ground as if forced up from nowhere, and,
after meandering to the edge of the reed-covered plain,
divided into half a dozen diverging irrigation canals.
But all this was less surprising than what I next
observed; for as I stood staring at the stream in
wonder, a huge rock at the base of the nearest hill
thrust itself outward, and a man emerged as if from
the center of the earth!

  Startled, I turned to my companions for an explan-
ation—but not a murmur issued from them, and their
faces showed none of that amazement I might have
expected. “Here is where we enter,” declared one of
the tutors, in matter-of-fact tones; and followed by
the rest of the party, he plunged through the aperture
made by the dislodged boulder.

  Like one in a dream—or rather like one in a night-
mare—I trailed with the others into that hole on the
hillside. As I approached the entrance, I found that
what I had taken to be a rock was not a rock at all,
but merely a cleverly disguised bit of metal; upon
reaching the doorway, I was amazed to find, instead
of the tunnel-like corridor I had expected, a spacious
and wide-vaulting hall.

  With the exception of the Sunken World itself it
was the largest enclosure I had ever entered; indeed,
it occupied the entire interior of the hill. Along the
full length of a half-mile gallery the white-lanterned
ceiling arched to a height of two hundred feet; and
on each side of a broad passageway, rising almost to
meet the ceiling, was a series of what I took to be
gigantic boilers. All of these were connected with

innumerable wires and with pipes thicker than a man’s
body, while at the further end of the gallery the
tubes were interwoven in intricate loops, coils and con-
volutions like the exposed entrails of a Titan.

  As I stepped through the doorway, a warm breeze
swept my face, bearing to my nostrils the odor of
oil, and at the same time bringing me reminders of
the furnace-dry air of steam-heated apartments. “What
place is this?” I could not forebear to ask; but almost
instantly I was sorry that I had spoken, for four or
five pairs of eyes were turned upon me in surprise at
so obvious a question.

  "This is a distillery, of course,” answered one of
my young companions.

  "A distillery?” I echoed, scarcely less astonished at
his words than at the extraordinary appearance of
the place. And although the Atlanteans had seemed
to me to be a sober people, I had visions of the man-
ufacture of intoxicants on a scale inconceivable to the
most bibulous of my own countrymen.

  “Yes, this is where we prepare our distilled water,”
continued my friend, surprised at my surprise.

FOR a moment I merely stared at him without com-
prehension. “But why so much distilled water?”
was all that I could gasp.

  “That’s easily explained,” said the young man, with
a smile. "The water piped from our deep wells, which
serves us for drinking purposes, couldn’t begin to take
care of our irrigation problems—and without irriga-
tion Atlantis would be a desert. The Salty River,
of course, contains enough for all our needs; but it is
ocean water, and the brine would kill all land vegeta-
tion. And so the only possibility was to distill the water.
This was arranged for long ago by Agripides, when
he built this distillery and eleven others, which to-
gether keep the irrigation system of Atlantis supplied,
and incidentally provide us with all the salt required
for domestic and chemical purposes.”

  "That may be all very well,” I remarked, “but the
amount of heat necessary to evaporate so much water
must be tremendous. . .

  “That is no problem at all,” my companion assured
me. “By means of intra-atomic energy, we could
generate power enough to distill the entire ocean.”

  I felt certain that this statement was an exaggera-
tion, but before I had had time for comment, my
attention was suddenly diverted. All of our party had
paused before a circular slit in the floor; and a brown-
clad workman, stepping forth from amid the boilers,
applied a key to a little hole near the edge of the slit,
and removed a steel disk perhaps five feet in diameter.

  Instantly we were bathed in a brilliant copper light,
so dazzling that at first I had to turn abruptly away.
Then as my startled eyes gradually accustomed them-
selves to the vivid illumination, I peered through a
glass partition far down into what remotely reminded
me of a furnace, except that no flames were visible,
but from the vague fire-bright background great sheets
and rods of a shining red or a blinding brassy yellow
stared at me steadily with unbearable incandescence.

  “Those are the intra-atomic generators,” explained
the workmen. "They are constantly liberating energy;
which is transformed into electrical power by means
of giant induction coils; and it is this electricity which
is wired to the boiler-room below and heats the water
from the Salty River.”

  “But how terrible to work down there!” it occurred
to me to comment. "How can any man—”

  "It is not necessary to work down there,” I was
promptiy informed. "The generators continue operat-
342

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

ing automatically eo long as they are supplied with
fuel.”

  “What fuel do you use?” I inquired.

  The reply was not at all what I had expected. “Any
of the heavier metals will do,” stated the workman.
"One of the best of the cheaper fuels is gold, for its
high atomic weight makes possible extensive dissocia-
tion. Sometimes, however, we use silver, platinum,
or lead—although the latter is ordinarily regarded as
too valuable for such purposes. A supply of lead will
run the generator for twenty-seven years, one of silver
for thirty-three, and one of gold for forty-five. When
new fuel is required, we simply shoot it in through
the tube over there.” And the speaker pointed to a
tube of about the thickness of a man’s wrist, which
projected several feet above the floor between two of
the boilers.

  I thought that I had now seen enough of the dis-
tillery, and was not disappointed when my companions
made ready to leave. But there was one problem which
still troubled me: why did the building look so much
like a hill from without, and why had such evident
pains been taken to conceal its existence?

  To these questions I found a speedy answer. “If
this edifice had been erected in the days before Agrip-
ides," declared one of my young friends, "it would
have been nothing more than an ugly mass of steel
and stone. But Agripides, seeking a way to beautify
the structure and hide its unavoidable defects, hit upon
the plan of covering it with a coating of earth and
sowing the earth with grass, so as to give the appear-
ance of a green hill. All our factories, you will find,
have in some such way been concealed or made
beautiful.”

  This, indeed, I discovered to be the case. We had
now reached the industrial center of Atlantis; and all
the rest of that day we were busy inspecting manu-
facturing plants of sundry kinds and sizes. But no-
where was the air clouded with that smoke and dust
which I had come to associate with industrial dis-
tricts in my own land; nowhere was there a dingy or
soot-blackened building, nowhere were my ears as-
saulted by the shrieking or droning of whistles, or by
the hammering, pounding, screeching, whirring or grat-
ing of machines. Instead, we passed through a region
that might have been recommended to sufferers from
nervous ailments. In the midst of pleasant, grassy
lands an occasional tree-bordered building arose with
glittering steeples or stainless marble facade or august
columns of granite; and within each building, which
one might have mistaken for a mansion or a temple,
electrically driven wheels and levers would be oper-
ating noiselessly, preparing the food of the Atlanteans
or weaving their clothes from the fibre of a flax-like
plant, manufacturing farm implements or fertilizers
or scientific articles or household wares; and in each
of these factories a few workers (never more than a
score) would be calmly and often smilingly tending
the machines, occupying thus their two or three hours
of assigned daily service for the State.

THE institution that interested me most was the
building where chemists were at work renewing the
air supply of Atlantis—or, rather, the oxygen supply.
Here, in a long hall dominated by great vats connected
by pipes and wires reminding me vaguely of the dis-
tillery, a continual stream of water was being disin-
tegrated by a process of electrolysis, the hydrogen
being diverted to enter into various chemical com-
pounds, with carbon nitrogen and other elements, the
oxygen being released into the atmosphere to replace
that consumed by respiration and combustion. By

means of the air-gauge, a finely adjusted apparatus
whose index was a flame that varied in intensity with
the amount of oxygen, chemists were able to determine
how much of this vital gas was required at any
specific time; but some oxygen had to be provided
continually, for, large as Atlantis was, it was not so
great that nature would preserve a balance and re-
place the oxygen that was consumed by that freed in
the course of organic processes of plant life.

  But if the Atlantean industries were arranged with
a regard for the welfare and esthetic sensibilities of
the people as a whole, scarcely less pains had been
taken to insure the health and convenience of the
workers. I will not speak of the safety devices, which
had been so perfected that accidents were virtually
unknown; I will not dwell upon the precautions to
vary the monotony even of the two- or three-hour
working day, to make possible individual initiative, to
guard against fatigue and excessive strain, or to ren-
der the surroundings pleasant to the eye and mind.
But what I must mention, because it impressed me
as unique, is the fact that the workers were housed
in dwellings not less imposing than the most stately
city homes. The road took us through half a dozen
villages reserved for the factory workers; and each
of these seemed to be in itself a work of art, with
many-columned residences, arches and marble portals
and connecting colonnades, flowered parks and statuary
and fountains, all co-ordinated in a tasteful and elegant
design.

CHAPTER XXI
The Wall and the Wind-makers

THAT evening we were lodged in the city of
Arvon, a moderately large town which differed
strikingly from anything we had yet seen. Its
scattered houses were huddled amid vegetation so thick
that from a distance it resembled a forest; and even
at close range one could not lose sight of its sylvan
aspect, since all the buildings were vine-covered and
painted a green and brown that harmonized ideally
with the woodland colors.

  But I must not devote too much space to the strange
appearance of this town—still stranger sights were to
greet me on the following day. For then I was to
reach a turning-point in my journey, and to penetrate
some of the salient mysteries of Atlantis.

  Even though I did not know what interesting dis-
coveries were before me, I had a hint of something un-
usual very early in the morning. We had hardly left
Arvon when I observed that the golden-lighted dome
seemed lower and nearer than usual, and curved grad-
ually down to westward until it appeared to merge
with the ground.

  “There’s where the glass wall begins,” said one of
the tutors, pointing; and I looked eagerly, hopeful that
we would soon reach the wall itself.

  A little further on, the road curved abruptly south-
ward, and for several miles we merely paralleled the
wall. Then, to my joy, a familiar gurgling met my
ears—we were back again near the Salty River.
Straight across the stream we passed on an arching
bridge dominated by a crystalline pale-blue colonnade;
and, on the further side, we again turned westward,
and followed the river directly toward the green glass
wall.

  As we advanced, I noticed that the waters were be-
coming white and foamy, with great briny patches as
if a passing steamer had churned up the waves. Grad-
ually these frothy expanses grew wilder and more con-
spicuous, until the entire river was a seething, effer-
vescent mass; and troubled waves sprang to life, with
THE SUNKEN WORLD

343

turbulence that increased as we moved upstream, until
the bubbling white was mingled with the green and
gray of leaping surges, and the waters were agitated as
if by a storm-wind. Yet only the faintest breeze was
blowing, and I could not understand the source of the
strange commotion.

  At the same time, a disquieting sound came to my
ears—the continuous and droning sound of thunder,
dull and muffled but gradually growing louder in spite
of the clamoring and roaring of the waves. So deep-
toned and voluminous was it that it reminded me of
a din I never expected to hear again—the booming of
the ocean along resisting shores.

  All of our party moved without a word now, moved
rapidly and with faces straining westward, as if eager
for some rare and long-awaited event. In their very
speechlessness there was a contagious tension; and,
responsive to their mood, I too was expectant, though
I could not imagine what there was to be anticipated.

  But I did not have long to wait. "Look! There it
is!” exclaimed one of the party, suddenly. And he
paused, and pointed straight ahead; and all his com-
panions paused and pointed straight ahead, joining
in his awed cries of "Look! There it is!”

  Of course, I strained my eyes quite as earnestly as
any of them. But at first I saw nothing to impress
me. All that was visible was a broad sheet of white
looming just above the river for almost its full width,
as though there were a falls a mile or two upstream.
And, in my ignorance, I accepted this as the explan-
ation.

  But I was speedily to discover my error. Suddenly
the path bent away from the river at an acute angle;
and as we followed our new course the distant thun-
dering grew louder—while a cold wind began to sweep
over us and the supposed waterfall took on unexpected
dimensions. By degrees it lengthened until it seemed
a long jet of water shot horizontally out of some
colossal hose. Intensely white, with the whiteness
of foam and edges blurred with spray, it went hurtling
with the impetuousity and swiftness of an arrow
from the nozzle of a gigantic pipe, plunging outward
hundreds of yards in a graceful parabola and giving
rise to the Salty River.

  Almost as remarkable as this torrent of water was
the tube from which it was discharged. This great
pipe, which may have been of a steel alloy, was well
over a mile long, and was a hundred yards across at
the opening; but it narrowed gradually as it crept
westward along the ground and disappeared where
the green horizon met the earth.

  Needless to say, I did not have to inquire as to the
meaning. Only one explanation was conceivable: the
metallic tube was the valve through which the X-lll
had found entrance to Atlantis, the valve that ad-
mitted the ocean water and kept the Salty River sup-
plied. The aperture at the ocean end was doubtless
not very wide (I was later told that it was but twenty-
five feet across); but such was the pressure at these
depths that the waters burst through with the force
and swiftness and tremendous volume I had observed,
and had to be diverted through a long and gradually
widening tube before their torrents could be controlled
and safely emptied into the river channel.

AS we approached the glass wall, the hoarse and
resonant roaring was continuously in our ears,
thudding and crashing with echoes that reverberated
like the combined monody of a hundred Niagaras. But,
forgetful of the tumult, I kept my eyes fastened
straight ahead, where the great green dome sloped
down to meet the ground in a curve modelled on that

of the actual heavens. Except for the dark weird
coloration, I might have fancied that I was staring
toward an actual horizon on earth; and so close was
the resemblance that the illusion persisted until I was
almost within a stone’s throw of the barrier. Only
then could I persuade myself that I actually beheld a
solid mass; and, even so, the curvature was so grace-
ful and so elusive that I could not feel that a mere
wall stretched before me; but, rather, I had the sense
that it was some ultimate boundary, the dividing line
between reality and infinite nothingness.

  This impression was confirmed by the fact that the
wall at close range looked opaque. Olive-green and
of impenetrable thickness, it seemed impervious to the
rays of light; though, remembering my experiences
on the X-lll, I knew that it was really transparent.

  All the members of our party approached the wall
almost breathlessly, then held out their hands and
touched it in silence—a procedure which may have had
some ceremonial importance, or may have been akin
to the actions of persons who, seeing the ocean for
the first time, gravely dip their hands in the salt
water. At any rate, I lost no time in following their
example, and found that the surface of the wall was
just as I had expected—smooth and polished, and of
a substance that would have been apparent to a blind
man.

  After the twenty students had duly inspected the
wall, one of the tutors lifted his voice so as to be
heard by the entire party.

  "My friends,” said he, “we have now reached the
border-land between Atlantis and the outside world. A
rim of glass fifty feet thick divides us from the ocean;
and that glass, as you know, is composed of dozens
of layers, one above the other, several of them
strengthened with interwoven strands of fine wire, and
all composed of a special pressure-resisting glass devised
at the orders of Agripides. You understand, of course,
that the wall does not end where you see it, but pene-
trates five hundred feet underground, lest the ocean
overwhelm us from beneath; you also understand that
the glass is ribbed with steel, which holds it together
in a sort of latticed framework, with girders, beams
and stanchions at measured intervals like the metallic
skeleton of a great building.

  “The erection of the wall represents the supreme ac-
complishment of Atlantean engineering, and required
the labor of thirty thousand men for thirty-four years.
But Agripides, with his usual foresight, planned it so,
that the work, once done, would never require re-
newal, for glass is one of the most durable of sub-
stances, and is virtually immune to dissolution by the
ocean waters. We have our immersible vessels, of
course, which regularly range the seas around the
glass dome in search of any possible fault or fissure;
but no serious damage has ever yet been discovered,
and it is safe to say that the present edifice will serve
us and our descendants for a hundred thousand gen-
erations.”

  The speaker paused, as if for effect; then, noting
that his audience remained silent, he concluded, "Is
there anyone that would like to ask a question?”

  “Yes, I would,” I surprised myself by saying.

  All eyes were bent curiously upon me, and I was
forced to continue, “Glass is, as you say, an exceed-
ingly durable substance, but it is also extremely
fragile. Is there no possibility that the wall will ever
be cracked?”

  “Cracked?” echoed the tutor, with a surprised smile.
“Do you think that, if there had been such a pos-
sibility, Atlantis would not have been inundated long
ago? Granted, if any very heavy object were to col-
344

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

lide with the wall, it might be broken and we would
be flooded out like ants. But how could there be any
such heavy object here in the deep sea Certainly, the
fishes couldn’t break through.”

  “No, of course not," I conceded, feeling that I had
made myself ridiculous—and with that the discussion
ended. But my words were often to be recalled to me
in the tempestuous days that followed; and more than
one of my hearers was to speak of them as strangely
prophetic.

' For the next hour we followed a little path that
clung close to the glass wall. And, as we proceeded,
my impression of its opaqueness was dissipated, for
from time to time a little flickering light was mo-
mentarily visible beyond the green thicknesses; and I
had disturbing remembrances of the lantern-bearing
fishes that had haunted us on our way to Atlantis.

  We had covered not more than a mile or two when
we met with a new surprise. A brisk breeze began
to blow over us; and the further we walked the
sharper the breeze grew, until it assumed the fury
of a gale, and for the first time since reaching At-
lantis I felt cold, almost as if I were back on earth.
Why we continued in the face of this strange blast
I could not understand, nor whence it proceeded nor
how it had been produced. But while I was wonder-
ing and fighting my way through the wind, a singular
whirring sound came to my ears, a buzzing as of
gigantic flies; and gradually that sound grew louder,
until from resembling the murmuring of insects it
came to remind me of the flapping of colossal wings.
That this noise was somehow connected with the quick-
ening wind was apparent from the first; and the re-
lationship became evident when the path swerved
abruptly away from the wall and I glanced back, to
behold a series of queer-looking machines supported
on stone pedestals high up against the glass. It would
be impossible to say just what the machines were like,
for they were in such rapid motion that the part3 were
not visible; but there were six or eight of them, and
they were round, and probably each a hundred yards
across; and so swiftly were they rotating that they
formed each a gray blur through which the green of
the wall was vaguely discernible.

  “Those are the electro-intra-atomic wind generators,”
explained one of the tutors. “By means of these great
fans and others like them stationed at various points
around the wall, the atmosphere of Atlantis is kept
in constant circulation. Without them the air would
be stagnant and the climate sultry and unhealthy.
These generators are in action at all times, with great
air-wheels that make from ten to fifteen revolutions a
second; and it is estimated that the daily energy con-
sumed by each of them would be sufficient to boil a
thousand tons of ice water.”

  We did not linger long in the vicinity of the great
fans, for the strong wind was most annoying and
the temperature too low for comfort. But we set out
at a brisk pace across a moss-covered plain away from
the wall; and we did not pause again until we had
reached the city of Lerenon, which was our destination
for the day.

  This town, which was located some miles from the
wall and yet was constantly fanned by cool breezes
from the wind generators, had one striking feature
all its own: it was dominated by two colossal bronze
figures, one of a man, the other of a woman, which
reached far above the city domes and towers halfway
to the green-glass sky. Both these statues were carved
with an irresistible majesty, the man’s face that of
an Apollo, the woman’s that of a Diana; and their
right hands were extended high over the city roofs

and joined in a firm clasp, so lifelike that I might al-
most have expected them to move and speak. At first
I thought that they represented mythological charac-
ters, but an inscription at their base informed me of
my error, for the man was meant to typify Wisdom,
and the woman Beauty; and in their union above the
spires and columns of Atlantis I thought I could read
the meaning and purpose of the entire land.

CHAPTER XXII
The Journey Ends

DURING the thirty days of our journey, I was the
witness of marvels so numerous that, if I were
to dwell upon them all, I might fill hundreds of
pages. Yet while there is much that cannot be re-
corded and much that I have forgotten, there are some
observations which have stamped themselves indelibly
upon my memory, and which are so essential for an
understanding of Atlantis that I could not well over-
look them.

  Thus, I found that the wall enclosing the country
formed a vast circle, of a diameter impossible to de-
termine precisely but probably in the neighborhood
of two hundred miles. Thus, also, I learned that the
glass roof was at an average height of five hundred
feet above the ground, although the distance varied
greatly according to the level of the land; and I dis-
covered that it was everywhere supported by myriads
of the huge tinted columns—columns with steel in-
teriors and surface of concrete or stone. I ascer-
tained, likewise, that the Salty River followed an ab-
solutely unbending course, flowing in a straight-line
and on an even, gradual grade from the western wall
of Atlantis to the eastern (since it was really a canal
rather than a river); and I was amazed and dazzled
at sight of the great intra-atomic pumps which forced
the torrents back into the sea.

  Since they were expected to overcome a pressure of
many tons to the square foot, these pumps had to be
very powerful; and powerful they were, with their
labyrinths of levers and revolving chains, and three-
hundred-foot pistons and rods that pounded against
the waters like gigantic pile-drivers, pressing them
slowly back into the sea to the accompaniment of a
roaring and thundering that could be heard for miles
and that proved deafening upon close approach.

  The cities of Atlantis, according to the count I made,
were eighteen in number (exclusive of the smaller
towns and villages). But an Atlantean city, although
always occupying considerable space, was what we
in America should scarcely regard as a city at all,
since it never had more than twenty or twenty-five
thousand inhabitants. This insignificant population,
when considered along with the liberal amount of ter-
ritory allotted each town, accounted for the fact that
no great crowds were ever to be seen on the streets;
and it also explained how it was possible for efficient
popular assemblages to debate and decide public ques-
tions.

  But the surprising fact about the Atlantean cities
was not so much their small population as their al-
most unbelievable variety. No town in Atlantis was
like any other town; the only characteristic possessed
by them all in common was their unfailing beauty. To
give some idea of their amazing diversity, I might
mention the city of Atolis, which, when seen from the
hill that surmounted it, formed a definite pattern, re-
sembling some colossal Grecian temple of which the
streets and avenues were the columns. Or I might
picture Aedla, which was built along a series of canab
connecting with the Salty River, with a lake in the
THE SUNKEN WORLD

345

center, giving a Venetian effect, except that the pal-
aces were more exquisitely designed than any in the
upper world. Then, again, I might depict the small
town of Acropolon, in which all the houses were con-
nected in an enormous colonnaded quadrangle sur-
rounding a vividly flowering park, reminding me of
some university I had seen long before; or I might
launch into a lengthy description of Mangona, another
small town, whose houses were all roofless and col-
lapsible, and were generally taken down during the
day and put into place only at night or when the
inhabitants desired seclusion.

  But more interesting to me than any of these was
Sardolos, one of the few present-day Atlantean cities
that had existed before the Submergence. Although
of course the town was not the same as in ancient
times, and although its gracefully winding thorough-
fares and marble friezes and frescoed domes repre-
sented the work of modern artists, yet some relics of
the old days had been carefully preserved.

  In one corner of the city, concealed from the gen-
eral gaze in a statue-lined bronze enclosure, were the
remains of buildings said to date from the second cen-
tury B. S. Yet, ancient as these ruins were, my first
impression was that there was something familiar
about them. The most conspicuous exhibit was a
stone wall, five stories high and with gaping rectang-
ular holes where the windows had been; and to the
rear was a mass of rusted and distorted steel, reach-
ing the full height of the wall with twisted, spidery
arms that had once lent it support.

  “A splendid specimen of pre-Submergence architec-
ture,” stated a placard placed prominently before the
exhibit. “This was the seat of the Stock Market of
old Sardolos—a wholesale gambling house abolished by

the Anti-Corruption Act of the first century A. S. Th6
mass of shapeless and desiccated stone opposite is all
that remains of the Inter-Atlantean Bank, which owned
a controlling share in this gambling resort; while just
to the right were the ruins of the shrine in which the
owners of the bank worshipped, and of the club-
house in which, late in the second century B. S., they
convened in the interest of their lotteries, and decided
to declare the fifth Atlanto-Bengenese war.”

BUT when I looked to see the ruins, all that I be-
held was a series of irregular stone walls, not
over two or three feet high and brown with the lifeless
parchment hue of extreme age. Somehow, it made me
uncomfortable to look upon these vestiges of the past;
nor was I relieved when I gazed at a picture of Sar-
dolos as it had been, and saw two long opposing rows
of geometrically regular five-story buildings. To think
of these, and then to turn to present-day Atlantis,
was merely to shudder at the contrast; yet all the
while I could not repress the sense that I was stand-
ing in the presence of something undefinably familiar.

  If it was somewhat irritating to gaze at the ruins
of Sardolos, the disagreeable moments were few in-
deed during the thirty days of the journey. All in all,
I have rarely taken part in so thoroughly delightful
an expedition; and my joy in the trip is not to be ex-
plained merely by the engrossing sights of Atlantis,
nor by the companionship of the twenty enthusiastic,
friendly young students, but rather by the presence of
one who meant more to me than all else that Atlantis
contained. My opportunities of speaking with Aelios
were not plentiful, for she seemed always to be en-
gaged in conversation with some member of the party;
but occasionally I exchanged a few words with her,

By decrees It lengthened until It seemed a Ions jet of water shot horizontally out of some colossal hose. Intensely white, with the whlte-
i of foam and edges blurred with spray, it went hurtling with the impetuosity and swiftness of an arrow from the nozile of a gigantic pipe,
plunging outward hundreds of yards in a graceful parabola and giving rise to the River.
346

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

and occasionally she darted a bright smile in my direc-
tion, thereby reassuring me when at times I gave way
to disturbing doubts.

  It was not until our travels were drawing to a close
that I had another intimate talk with her. The morn-
ing of the thirtieth day had arrived, and we had set
out through wide fields of the wheat-like reed toward
the city of Archeon, which we hoped to reach shortly
after noon. But, absorbed in somber contemplation, I
took no part in the merriment of my companions, and
almost from the first I lagged moodily behind them.
Hence it was a relief to hear light footsteps suddenly
at my side, and to find a flaxen-curled head nodding a
greeting and a pair of kindly bright blue eyes peering
at me inquiringly.

  “Aelios!” I exclaimed. And I returned her greet-
ing in terms that could not half express my pleasure.

  She wasted no time about plunging into the subject
that had brought her to me. “Today our journey
ends," she reminded me, almost regretfully. “And to-
morrow you must take up your duties as a citizen.
You may find matters a little strange at first. Per-
haps there are already some things that puzzle you.”
“Indeed there are,” I admitted. “I really have very
little idea what I am expected to do.”

  “Oh, but you must have some idea!” she remon-
strated. “Why, haven’t you been appointed Historian
of the Upper World?”

  “Yes, that is so,” I murmured.

  “Then you must set out at once upon your duties.
In work such as yours, no record will be taken of
the hours you employ, but you have a moral obligation
to work not less than two hours a day.”

  “That doesn’t seem excessive,” I stated, with a
smile.

  “Yes, but remember you have also an obligation to
do some work on your own account for the State. And
things won’t be any easier, if, as you say, you will
combine your assigned and chosen work.”

  “The real problem,” I acknowledge hesitatingly, “is
that I don’t know the language well enough to write
a history.”

  Aelios frowned disapprovingly. “Oh, but you have
already a good speaking command of Atlantean,” she
pointed out. “And with practice you should be able
to write passably well. Meanwhile I’d advise you to
go to_the government library, and read up all you
can to familiarize yourself with our language—and
with our life.”

  I thanked Aelios for the suggestion, and promised
to visit the library at the first opportunity.

  “But don’t forget that mere working and studying
won’t be enough,” she continued. “I hope you’ll make
friends of many of our people, and participate in our
intellectual contests and recreations. You might even
join one of the political parties.”

  “Political parties?” I repeated. “I didn’t know
there were any parties in Atlantis.”

  “Oh, yes, of course there are,” she quickly returned.
“There are always several parties to present their
opinions at the Hall of Public Enlightenment.”

  “What parties are those?” I inquired.

  “Well, let’s see,” she enumerated, reflectively.
“First of all, there’s the Party of Submergence, so-
called because it was founded by Agripides and has
been the ruling group ever since the Good Destruction.
Then there is the Industrial Reform Party, which
contends that all machines and in particular intra-
atomic engines are incongruous in Atlantis and should
be reduced to a minimum far below the present num-
ber. Then, again, there is the Party of Artistic
Emancipation, which is really literary rather than

political, and appeals for freedom in art. Also, there
is the Party of Birth Extension, which maintains that
the government should relax its restrictions on pop-
ulation. And, finally, enlarging the principles of the
Birth Extension Party, there is the Party of Emer-
gence, which is the smallest of them all and has always
been highly unpopular if not actually despised, since
it holds that we should renounce the principles of
Agripides, enter into communication with the upper
world, and send our excess population to live above
seas.”

  “That sounds quite interesting,” I commented, for
the Party of Emergence seemed to me to be the most
understandable of the group. "But you say this last
party has never had much success?”

  "Fortunately not. Its members have always been
looked down upon as anti-social agitators, for they
have transgressed against that fundamental principle,
‘Atlantis for the Atlanteans.’ Few self-respecting citi-
zens have ever lent them support, and they have never
been powerful enough to carry any of their proposals.”
"Too bad,” I found myself remarking, with un-
guarded frankness; and the shocked expression on
Aelios’ face showed me how I had erred.

  “At any rate, now that you know something about
the parties, you will be better able to choose among
them,” she concluded.

I assured her that I would choose as best I could.
“If there’s ever anything you’re in doubt about,”
she urged, “don’t b?. afraid to ask me. I know that
things aren’t 'eaSy here for you, a stranger from a
strange land, and I’d like to help if I could.”

  I thanked her fervently, and declared that I should
not hesitate to consult her should occasion arise. And
secretly I was determined that the occasion should
arise.

  “I’m glad to hear you say that,” she returned. And
her eyes shone with a bright light, and her lips
quivered sympathetically, and her whole face radiated
kindliness and warmth.

  But at this juncture she saw fit to give the inter-
view an impersonal turn. “See, over there!” she ex-
claimed, pointing through a break in the dense green
foliage. “Those are the towers of Archeon!”

  I looked eagerly, and far across the plain I beheld
a minute glittering spire, more than half obscured by
the intervening array of tinted columns—the first
sign of that city which I was this day to enter, and
where I was to make my home, and seek the fulfill-
ment of my love, and undertake my duties as a citizen
of the Sunken World.

CHAPTER XXIII
Xanocles

AS an accredited citizen of Atlantis, I was as-
signed to permanent lodgings immediately after
returning to Archeon. The housing representa-
tive of the Atlantean government (the only substitute
in the Sunken World for our "realtors”) accompanied
me on a leisurely tour of the city, allowing me my
choice of not less than fifteen or twenty apartments.
The task of selection was by no means easy, not be-
cause it was hard to secure suitable quarters but
because it was difficult to choose among so many de-
sirable places. Never before had I realized how utterly
superior the Atlantean homes were to our own—out
of all the houses I visited, there was not one that was
not separated by wide spaces from its neighbors, or
that did not enjoy a full share of air and light, or
that did not look comfortable and alluring. The grim
and musty interiors of many of our own dwellings, the
THE SUNKEN WORLD

347

furniture-littered rooms, the glaring bad taste of gilt
and tinsel chairs and adornments, found no parallel
among the Atlantean residences I visited. Instead,
each apartment was so artlessly inviting that I might
have claimed it at once as my home.

  The distinguishing feature of most of the Atlantean
houses was a central court that reminded me of the
dwellings of the ancient world. Usually the court was
square or rectangular in shape, though in some in-
stances it was hexagonal or round; and more often
than not it was completely enclosed. Some of the
courts were surrounded by stalwart columns, but the
majority were plain. Some had walls of granite, some
of marble, some of a peculiar bluish stone that I could
not recognize; some were marked by spangled foun-
tains, some by flower-gardens, some by swimming
pools; and the most distinctive of all was arranged as
an art gallery, with a dominating statue in the cen-
ter and paintings hung at intervals along the sides.
But whatever the particular contents of the court, it
was certain to be accessible by four or five doors
leading into the several apartments.

  After inspecting the various prospective lodgings, I
finally decided in favor of a little three-room suite
(three rooms, that is, in addition to the sleeping cham-
ber on the roof) which looked out over a tree-lined
expanse toward the sapphire dome of the Hall of
Public Enlightenment. I was urged to take these
quarters largely because of the fascination of the
frieze-lined adjourning court, whose finely modelled
images of gods and nymphs and satyrs offered me a
prospect of fruitful study. But I was also captivated
by the rooms themselves, which gave a bizarre effect
with their walls decked with seaweed tapestries, and
which seemed at once like a home and a temple with
their high vaulted ceilings, their arching doorways and
great elliptical windows, and their removable parti-
tions capable of transforming the entire apartment into
a single good-sized hall.

IT was fortunate perhaps that I chose these partic-
ular lodgings, for otherwise I might never have
known Xanocles. Xanocles was to be my one intimate
among all the men of Atlantis. It so happened that he
—that fiery spirit, audacious thinker, and trustworthy
friend—had chosen his abode in the same building;
and it also happened (since fate works in inscrutable
ways even in Atlantis) that he and I were early thrown
together. It was, indeed, on the very day after my
return to Archeon that Xanocles and I met. I had
just settled in my new home, and had gone out into
the court for my first close inspection of its mural
decorations, when a door across from me slid open
and a tall, white-clad figure emerged. A single glance
would have told me that the stranger was exceptional,
and a single glance perhaps told him that I was ex-
ceptional in Atlantis: for he paused in startled sur-
prise, and for an embarrassed instant we stood staring
inquiringly at one another. In that first fleeting
glimpse I had an impression of a powerful personality;
a large head poised squarely over a pair of broad and
tapable shoulders; two vivid blue eyes deeply set be-
neath a massive brow; a beardless oval face dominated
by flowing chestnut locks; classic features, with chin
and nose consummately modelled. But I did not
notice then what I was often to observe later: the
ironic glitter in the alert eyes, the forceful and de-
termined lines into which the face would habitually
Settle, the air of overflowing vigor tempered by an
easy self-command. Judging from the smooth con-
tours of the man’s face, I took him to be not over
thirty years of age; and I was later much surprised

to learn that he was well past forty (since in At-
lantis people do not age so rapidly as on earth).

  “By Agripides! You must be one of those visitors
from up above!” exclaimed the newcomer, recovering
from his astonishment. And he approached me with
a winning smile, and held out both hands by way of
greeting. "My name is Xanocles. We seem to be
neighbors, you and I. Perhaps we can get to knoty
each other.”

  "I hope we shall,” I seconded, as I took his hands.
“My name is Harkness. I’ve just finished my tour
around Atlantis, and now I’m supposed to begin duty
as a citizen.”

  “That’s quick work,” nodded Xanocles, approvingly.
And then, after an instant’s pause, “So you’re the
one they’ve appointed Historian of the Upper World?’5.
I pleaded guilty to the accusation.

  “I knew it must be so,” explained my new ac-
quaintance, “because only one of the immigrants has
been admitted to citizenship. Of course, there will
be others later on.”

  “Won’t you come in?” I invited, with a gesture
toward my new apartments.

  Xanocles needed no second invitation. A minute
later we were seated opposite one another on seaweed
cushions in the little room that was to be my study.

  “It seems to me, Harkness,” he suggested, using
my name as familiarly as though he had known me
all my life, “we might as well be frank with one an-
other from the beginning. At least, I might as well
be frank with you. And I’d better start by warning
you that you’ll not gain much from acquaintance with
me. I’m none too popular.”

  “No?” I demanded, wondering vaguely what offense
he had committed.

  “No,” he confessed. “I’m so very unpopular, in fact,
that it may reflect upon you even to be seen in my
company.”

  “But what is it that you’ve done?” I asked, thinking
it strange that this attractive and able-looking man
should be so disliked. “Surely, you haven’t blown up a
building, or stolen some one’s jewels, or killed a
man—”

  A frown of disgust passed across Xanocles’ face.
“Such primitive forms of violence,” he reminded me,
“are unknown in Atlantis. No, I haven’t stooped to
anything so low. But I’ve done something bad enough
in the eyes of the people.”

  “I’ll have to give it up,” said I, growing morei
puzzled each moment.

  “It shouldn’t be hard to guess—not if you know the
ways of Atlantis,” he continued, gravely. “I’ve joined
the Party of Emergence.”

  “The Party of Emergence?” I exclaimed, remember-
ing what Aelios had told me of this minority group.

  “I not only joined the party,” he acknowledged, com-
pleting the indictment, “but I’ve let them elect me one
of their Debating Delegates.”

  “But I don’t exactly understand—” I admitted, hesi-
tatingly.

  “You would understand if you knew more about
Atlantis. Every people has to have its pet aversion, I
suppose, and our pet aversion down here is the
Emergence Party. That’s because it opposes the prin-
ciples1 of the one hundred per cent Atlanteans.”

  “But just what is the Emergence Party?” I inquired,
still in doubt as to the tenets of this detested fac-
tion. “Is it anything so terrible?”

  “That all depends upon the point of view,” declared
Xanocles, enigmatically.

  He paused long enough to give me an instant’s
scrutiny with keen and quizzical eyes. “I am not sure
348

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

that you would understand,” he decided, speaking as
much to himself as to me. “But the main thing is that
we oppose the compulsory limitation of population.”
"Compulsory limitation of population?” I repeated,
wondering if I had heard him correctly.

  "Most certainly. You’ve heard, perhaps, that our
population is limited by law to five hundred thousand.”
"But that’s impossible!” I cried, incredulously.
“Experience has proved quite the contrary,” he dis-
sented.

FOR a moment I did not reply. I merely sat star-
ing at my companion, trying to fathom the secret
hidden in those inscrutable grave eyes of his. And
though he gave no sign of not being utterly truthful,
I ended by giving expression to my scepticism.

  “What do you do with your extra inhabitants? Do
they emigrate to the center of the earth? Or do you
prefer to shoot them or drown them, or perhaps to
asphyxiate them humanely?”

  “There are no extra inhabitants,” was the surpris-
ing reply. “Do you know nothing of the Milares Com-
pulsory Population Law?”

  I was forced to confess my ignorance.

  “Then let me enlighten you,” volunteered Xanocles,
with a tolerant smile. “First let me take you back
a few thousand years, to the days just after the Sub-
mergence. At that time the population of Atlantis
was several millions, and the swarms of our people
were so dense that long hours of labor were necessary,
living quarters were crowded- and unsanitary, and
there was little time for the creation or appreciation
of beauty. This state of affairs endured for over a
century, when, after much discussion, the Milares
Compulsory Population Law was passed, and the citi-
zenry was gradually reduced to its present satisfactory
numbers.”

  “And what was the Milares Population Law?” I
asked.

  “It is the law that is still the backbone of our life.
According to Milares, a great social philosopher of
the second century A. S., the most important of public
questions is that of parentage. He maintained that
the parents of each generation might either poison or
uplift the next; and all of his numerous pamphlets
and books bore the warning that persons congenitally
deficient in mind or physique should not be permitted
to breed, while those of the higher physical and intel-
lectual qualities should be encouraged.

  “In pursuance of these views, Milares proposed a
basic innovation in social customs; he recommended
that the institution of marriage be dissevered from
that of parenthood. In other words, while marriage
—and likewise divorce—should be permitted to all that
desired it, parenthood should become a subject of
drastic state regulation: any young couple wishing
children must have their fitness examined by a care-
fully selected State board. Since effective methods of
birth control were kntfwn, this system was wholly
practicable, and, in fact, has proved—”

  “But what if the orders of the Board were dis-
obeyed?” I interrupted. “Certainly, the unlawful new-
comer couldn’t be punished.”

  “Certainly not. But a stigma would attach to the
parents—the stain of illegitimacy.”

  “You mean that the parents would be considered il-
legitimate?”	.

“Exactly. And the disgrace is so great that few
persons have ever offended in that way. As a result,
we have never at any time exceeded the prescribed
population by more than ten or twelve thousands.”
“Even so,” I contended, rather vaguely, “it seems

to me that such a system would be altogether too arbi-
trary to succeed.”

  “Yet it has succeeded splendidly. The experience
of nearly three thousand years has vindicated it be-
yond dispute. Do you think that, at the time of the
Submergence our men and women enjoyed such per-
fection of physical beauty as today? Or do you imagine
that the intellectual and artistic types were then pre-
dominant? Far from it! Thousands upon thousands
were sickly and stunted in body; a myriad were im-
becilic, weak-minded or insane. But thanks to the
rigidity of the selection, these types have been en-
tirely eliminated; and, owing largely to the same
cause, the average human life has been lengthened
from the pre-Submergence figure of sixty-five years to
a hundred and twenty—which means that-%; man of
ability has a whole century of mature service to render
instead of a mere four or five decades.”

  I had no choice except to admit that the results were
marvelous. But at the same time I remembered a
vital oversight in Xanocles’ recitation. “All this tells
me nothing of the Party of Emergence,” I pointed out.
“In fact, if the Milares Population Law has worked
so successfully, I cannot understand why you should
oppose it.”

  “It would not be strictly correct to say that we
oppose it,” he explained. "We recognize its beneficent
results, but we believe that the time has come to
modify it. Not that we would increase the population
of Atlantis beyond the half million mark, for that
would be to impose an intolerable burden upon us all;
but we hold that many deserving persons are being
deprived of parenthood, and that many more children
of the highest quality might be born. To furnish a
simple illustration, the Board seems to believe it un-
wise to perpetuate the radical strains, and so rules
with suspicious frequency against members of the
Party of Emergence.”

  “Then precisely what /.s it that your party advo-
cates?” I questioned.

  “Just what our name implies: to let our surplus
population emerge into the upper world. That would
be easily possible, for the submersible repair ships that
range the ocean about the glass wall would be capable
of conveying us above seas. Of course, there might
be no possibility of a return, but_a return would not
be desirable: it would be enough'to insure life for
thousands of our unborn sons and daughters, and to
remake the upper world by an infiltration of our su-
perior blood and standards. “Besides,”—here Xanocles
hesitated perceptibly—“there is another reason.”

  "What is that?” I felt bound to inquire.

  Xanocles remained silent for a moment, staring ab-
stractedly toward the romping fauns and mermaids on
the seaweed tapestries of the opposite wall. Then
slowly he resumed, “We hold—and in this we are vio-
lently combated by our friends of the Submergence
Party—that there was one minor flaw in the plans
of Agripides. In a thousand respects his projects
were perfect; but we believe that in the thousandth
and first he made an oversight—perhaps an unavoid-
able oversight. He did not leave room enough in At-
lantis for adventure. Everything here is so well de-
signed that there is little chance for daring courage,
the unknown—little chance for sheer primitive rash-
ness and hardihood. Our games and recreations, our
art, our political contests, of course consume much of
our surplus energy;, but, after all, we are the chil-
dren of savage ancestors, and among our young there
is a craving for keener experience. And so we of
the Emergence Party favor the increase of population,
so that those who wish may enjoy the greatest ad-
THE SUNKEN WORLD

349

venture of all—may launch their vessels toward un-
known worlds!”

  “You would find that adventure well worth taking,”
I commented.

  “Then you—you perhaps agree with the Party of
Emergence?” cried Xanocles, rising and coming toward
me enthusiastically.

  “Perhaps I do,” I admitted, also rising, and taking
his extended hands. And as I felt his hearty clasp, it
seemed to me that I had not only gained a friend but
found my political allegiance.

CHAPTER XXIV
What the Books Revealed

AMID all the excitement of my return to Archeon,
my establishment in new quarters and my meet-
ing with Xanocles, I had not forgotten Aelios’
advice to visit the library at the first opportunity.
Nor had I forgotten my official duties as Historian
of the Upper World, nor the necessity for acquiring
more, explicit knowledge of undersea customs before
I could hope to interpret my own country to the At-
lanteans. Hence I was determined to accomplish a
double object: to prepare myself for my prescribed
work and at the same time to gratify my curiosity by
an extensive course of reading.

  As soon as I was fully settled in my new apartment,
I set out for the main government library—and with
highly interesting and even startling results. I found
the building without difficulty: a many-domed edifice
of granite and white chalcedony, located in a large
flower-bordered square near the center of town. Had
I not been able to identify it from the descriptions, I
might have recognized it by the streams of people
constantly filing in and out, giving me the feeling
that it was the business heart of the city.

  Yet my first impressions of the library were bewild-
ering in the extreme. Not only was the building one
of the largest I had seen (covering not less than five
or six acres) but the volumes it harbored were amaz-
ing in their profusion and variety. My first surprise
was at the discovery that there were no railings,
fences or locked doors, as in all other libraries I had
known. Here the visitor was admitted without ques-
tion to every room and corridor; my second surprise
—and a far greater one—was caused by the queer
arrangement of the books. For the volumes were cata-
logued and stacked, not alphabetically, but chronolog-
ically; there was a gallery reserved for each century
of Atlantean history, down to the seventh century
B. S.; and within the galleries, the books were ar-
ranged by authors and subjects in a way that im-
pressed me as utterly novel. In a niche among the
books, for example, one would observe the bust of a
stern-browed, bearded man; and, coming close, one
would note that this was the poet Sargos; and just
below the bust one would find the complete collection
of the poet’s works, as well as the commentaries upon
them. Or, in another corner of the room, one would
pause to admire the painting of a crowded ancient
seaport; and the inscription below the painting would
tell one that this was the vanished maritime city of
Therion; and just beneath this inscription would be
the books wherein Therion was pictured and discussed.

  In a way, the building reminded me of a museum
as much as of a library, for, in addition to the paint-
ings and statues, each gallery was featured by furni-
ture, rugs, vases, tapestries and decorations that cor-
responded with the original date of the books. The
effect of oddity was enhanced by the fact that the
volumes themselves, while in many cases modern re-

prints, were not infrequently bound in the style of
their first editions; and the total impression was most
curious and interesting, considering the contrasting
sizes and the numberless shades and colors of the
books, and the various grades of silk, parchment and
artificial leather in which they were attired.

  Yet the appearance of the books was the least note-
worthy fact about them. Their sheer abundance was a
source of unceasing astonishment to me—it seemed as
if every era in Atlantean history had been a literary
one. As nearly as I could determine, there had been
an average of several hundred books a year which had
been thought worthy of preservation—and the high
period of productivity had already endured for twenty-
five centuries! Nor were the favored works merely
stored up in dusty shelves where they might remain
forever unnoticed—every book of the scores which I
opened had been well thumbed, and the crowds con-
stantly browsing along the alcoves and aisles gave evi-
dence that literary interest was not purely a thing of
the past.

  It was not long before I myself felt inclined to
emulate those enthusiasts. Seated in company with
twenty or thirty Atlanteans before the long marble
table that adorned the most modern of the galleries,
I began to taste the contents of several books I had
selected at random; and so delightful did they prove,
that it was four or five hours before I had any thought
of leaving.

WHILE all the books which I inspected proved rich-
ly diverting, the one that interested me most
was a little volume entitled “Social Life in the Thirty-
first Century.” When I recall today the unusual size
of the type and the extreme simplicity of the style, I
feel sure that the book was designed for an immature
audience; but this fact did not then occur to me, and
I found the work admirably suited to my needs.
Questions that had been perplexing me ever since my
arrival in Atlantis were now explained, in a manner
that dispersed all doubts; and I found myself pos-
sessed of a clearer conception than ever before of
Atlantean ideas and institutions.

  I had been wondering, for example, about the statue-
like palace wherein Rawson and I had been imprisoned;
I was now informed that this, "The Temple of the
Stars,” was among the oldest buildings in Atlantis,
having been erected just before the Submergence so
that the people might bring back to mind at will the
aspect of the skies. I had been wondering, likewise,
about the “Hall of Public Enlightenment,” that amber-
hued and sapphire theatre in which I had lately wit-
nessed several debates; I now read that such a build-
ing had been erected centuries before in each of the
Atlantean cities as a place of popular assemblage, a
sort of forum, wherein the people might decide upon
public questions; and I also learned that any citizen
might attend the meetings there, that any might take
part in the discussions, and that it was at such popu-
lar gatherings that the few laws of the country were
proposed and the most important problems weighed and
settled.

  The discussion of the Halls of Public Enlightenment
naturally paved the way for a description of the po-
litical system and government of the Sunken World.
‘‘The State of Atlantis,” I read, “is neither a mon-
archy, an oligarchy, nor a republic. It is a Common-
ality, which means that all things are possessed in
common by the people and all activities shared among
them. At the head of the Atlantean State is the High
Chief Adviser, whose principle duty is by way of coun-
seling the people, but who decides certain specified
350

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

minor questions confronting the Atlantean State and
is empowered to assume dictatorial authority in case
of a national crisis (although such a crisis has never
occurred since the riots of the second century A. S.,
following the passage of the Milares Compulsory Pop-
ulation Law).

  “Like all the other officials of Atlantis, the High
Chief Adviser assumes his position neither by appoint-
ment nor by heredity nor by election, but by Auto-
matic Selection; or, in other words, he has taken
office after defeating all rivals in a series of debates
and rigorous competitive examinations. His term of
office is indefinite, but every three years he is expected
to prove his fitness by engaging in contests with
qualified aspirants for the Advisorship; and unless he
can still outdo all opponents, a new chief executive
is installed.”

  It would have seemed to me that such a system
would have detracted from the dignity of the -High
Chief Adviser; but the book informed me that, on
the contrary, it added to his dignity, since he was
assured of holding office on a basis of merit only. In
fact, he was bound to keep fit and even to improve
himself while in office; and most High Chief Ad-
visers did actually remain so well qualified that they
stayed in power for an average term of thirty years.
Indeed, Icenocles (the incumbent at the time of the
publication of the book) had already ruled for forty-
five years, and now, at the mature age of one hundred
and seven, he still regularly put all competitors to
shame.

ALL this, of course, told me nothing about Atlan-
tean law-making, law enforcement and the admin-
istration of justice. Therefore I eagerly read on,
and found many of my questions speedily answered.
To my astonishment, I learned that there was no such
thing as a legislature or a law-making group in At-
lantis!—and yet such bodies were not unknown to the
native political theory. “Ancient experience has taught
us,” said the book, “that representative government
usually represents only some particular faction. And
in a community whose members are few and all of
whose citizens are intelligent, there is no necessity
for delegated authority. Local statutes and ordinances
were abolished in Atlantis at the time of the Sub-
mergence; and the few national laws are proposed in
any of the cities in the Hall of Public Enlightenment.
Having been debated and approved by an assemblage
of a hundred citizens or more, the measure is sub-
mitted to a referendum of all the Atlanteans after
the lapse of thirty days—and a majority vote will
suffice for its passage.

  “At the head of each city is a Local Adviser,
selected in the same manner as the High Chief Ad-
viser; and, aided by a corps of from five to fifteen
assistants also chosen competitively, he decides those
questions not settled in the popular assemblies,—
questions such as the amount of energy to be de-
voted to the erection of new buildings, the time and
nature of local festivals, the regulation of local hy-
gienic problems, the number of public physicians re-
quired to attend the ill and aged, and a dozen other
matters of practical and artistic concern. Equally
important theoretically, though in actual practice far
less so, is the court of eleven judges which presides
in each town, settling all disputes among citizens and
reprimanding the law-breakers. No doubt there were
frequently such persons as law-breakers three thousand
years ago, when these courts were planned, but today
such offenders are virtually unknown, for the only
crimes are those of impulse and passion, and these

are exceedingly rare—fortunately, the congenital
criminals have been wiped out along with lunatics and
morons by our rigorous birth selection. Occasionally,
indeed, some diseased person will break some unwrit-
ten rule of society, such as that against trapping or
slaying fishes or small animals; but the government
hospitals care for such unfortunates, just as they care
for the criminals of impulse, and not infrequently
effect a cure. As for disputes among individuals, they
are as obsolete as embezzlement or highway robbery,
for now that the ownership of property has been
abolished, what is there left to quarrel about? And
so for the most part our courts endure somewhat as
the appendix endures in the human body—mere an-
achronistic reminders of an age that is no more.”

  At a single sitting I read my book from cover to
cover. Even aside from what I have already men-
tioned, the facts that it told me were innumerable
and highly varied: how the great golden lamps of At-
lantis were electrically lighted and were switched on
and off at specified intervals by country-wide clock-
work; how all Atlanteans, old and young, ill and
healthy, were cared for by the State, so that no man
was weighed down with dependents; how disease had
been almost wiped out, since all the commoner noxious
germs had been conquered; how religion in the or-
ganized sense had ceased to exist, for the reason that
each man was expected to arrive at his own philosophy;
how the temples that littered the country were with-
out theological meaning, but were sanctuaries of beauty
whereto any one might come at any time to worship
amid the solitude of his own thoughts; how educa-
tion was one of the prime pursuits of the people, and
was participated in by all from childhood to old age,
but was never undertaken by the mob method popular
in the upper world.

  From the few pages that the author of the “Social
Life” devoted to the latter subject, I feel sure that the
Atlanteans would have been horrified at our system of
herding forty or fifty children together in subjection
to a glowering pedagogue: their theory was that per-
sonal and friendly contact with the teacher was the
important thing, and so their boys and girls were
taught in small groups, and never for many hours a
day, nor with more than a minimum of restraint upon
their natural spirits, nor in a specified and unvarying
place, for as often as not their school-room was a
marble colonnade or the court of a temple or even
the open fields. And, in the same way, the higher
education among the Atlanteans (except in the case of
scientific work requiring laboratory training) was
much less formal than among us. There were no
such things as universities or university degrees, but
men and women of recognized wisdom and learning
were chosen to commune with the young and discuss
with them the problems of life, much as Socrates did
when he presided among his disciples; and these
“Guardians of the Mind,” as they were called, would
counsel and direct their young charges, and guide them
in that reading which constituted their primary source
of information.

CHAPTER XXV

Duties and Pastimes

IT is from my first visit to the library that I date
my real initiation into the affairs of Atlantis.
From that time forth I was no longer a stranger
in an unknown world; I became involved in such a
round of activities that I began to feel almost at home.
For it was my good fortune to have plenty to do, far
more to do, in fact, than the average Atlantean; and
THE SUNKEN WORLD

351

with the demands of the Sunken World calling me on
the one hand, and my old companions of the X-lll
drawing me on the other, I did not have far to seek
for an interest in life.

  First of all, of course, I was applying myself to my
“History of the Upper World.” It took me a month to
plan the book, though meanwhile I devoted hours a
day to improving my knowledge of the Atlantean lan-
guage and institutions. And when finally I had com-
pleted my preliminary outline it did not satisfy me
entirely, and yet seemed adequate as a working basis.
The introductory section of the book—necessarily a
lengthy affair—was to be devoted to a description of
the modern world, to the various nations, their cus-
toms, languages, social systems, scientific advances and
wars; and having begun with this grand resum6 of
modern achievement, I intended to show the steps by
which that achievement had been consummated, and
to picture in general the course of those social fluctua-
tions, those invasions, battles, slave-raids, civil con-
flicts, religious persecutions, crusades, economic revolu-
tions, industrial tumults and international blood-feuds
that have brought civilization to its present proud
estate.

  But while I was planning my book, my thoughts
were frequently on more personal subjects. And, hav-
ing completed the outline, I could not forget a cer-
tain invitation made me by the most fascinating woman
in Atlantis, but wasted no time about seeking her ad-
vice and approval.

  Late one afternoon, when I knew that her tutoring
would be over for the day, I paid my second visit to
her home. I went just a little hesitatingly, I remem-
ber, yet not without some justifiable hope, for our
interview was to begin most auspiciously. It was
Aelios herself that came to the door in response to
my knock; and it was Aelios that escorted me into
the house, with cordial greetings and delighted smiles
that reaffirmed my impression of her unrivaled merits.

  “Well, my friend, I thought you would be coming,"
said she, simply, as we took seats side by side on the
seaweed sofa we had occupied on my first visit.

  “But what made you think that?” I questioned.

  “Why, didn’t you say you would come?” she re-
turned, in unfeigned surprise. “You’re undertaking a
difficult task, you know—to write a book in a strange
language. Isn’t it only natural to want advice?”

  “It is, indeed,” I confessed, and should have liked to
add, “when I can have such a charming adviser.”

  “I suppose you’ve been working hard,” she con-
tinued, evidently unaware of what was in my thoughts.
“And, of course, you’ve brought something with you
to show me.”

  “Yes, I have brought something,” I admitted; and,
there being no choice, I forthwith unfolded the paper
that contained my plans for the history.

  For several minutes she gazed at it intently, her
features furrowed with thought, while eagerly I
awaited her verdict.

  “This is going to be very interesting,” she at length
decided. “As far as I can see, you’ve covered most
of the important points. You will find it easier than
I thought to write in our language—your beginning is
most promising. Of course, you do make some errors
of style. . . And she proceeded to point out my
mistakes, in such a manner that I felt certain never
to repeat them.

  For possibly an hour—or two—we discussed my out-
line, though all the while I was conscious that there
was something in Atlantis far more interesting to me
than my book.

  I was still aware of that fact, when, at last, feeling

that it was growing late, I arose reluctantly to leave.
As she took my hand, Aelios flashed upon me her
most genial smile, and requested, “Come again, my
friend. Perhaps I’ll be able to help you some more.
Our doors are always open, you know.”

  “Well, if it wouldn’t be asking too much of you,”
I started to reply, fumbling for words, while the
blood rushed all at once to my head.

  “It will be a pleasure. And besides”—here she hesi-
tated momentarily, and her fingers absently toyed
with the folds of her gown—“besides, if I help you
with your book, I will also be helping the State.”
“Yes, possibly that’s true,” I conceded. And so-
what could I do but agree to give Aelios a further
opportunity to help the State?”

  But if I based any glamorous hopes upon her evident
friendliness, I was building without knowledge of my
foundations. Not long after my visit to her, a chance
conversation showed me how far I was from that goal
which my more sanguine fancies pictured.

IT was Xanocles that unwittingly made me see the
difficulties. During one of our numerous little
talks, he touched casually upon the marriage system
of Atlantis. “The Milares Compulsory Population
Law,” he chanced to inform me, “is perhaps not the
only reason for the present superiority of the Atlan-
tean stock. Another factor is what I may call the
marital selection. This is regulated primarily by cus-
tom and is almost exclusively in the hands of the
women, yet is so rigid that an inferior man can hardly
find a mate—indeed, a superior woman would be dis-
graced by linking herself to a weakling.”

  “But just what do you mean by a weakling?” I in-
quired.

  Xanocles looked at me in surprise. “A weakling, of
course, is one with nothing to give to society. A
great poet, for example, could never be thought of as a
weakling; nor a competent painter, nor philosopher, nor
musician, nor biologist. But the man whose contribu-
tions show no particular skill or individuality is re-
garded as a weakling, no mattter what his pursuit.
Naturally, he is not condemned so long as he does his
best; but he is not regarded as a fit subject for mar-
riage except with another weakling—and, needless to
say, weaklings are not permitted to propagate.”

  If Xanocles noticed that I was moody and silent
for the rest of the day, the reason would not have
been hard to find. I do not believe that, in my own
world, I had ever suffered from what is known as an
inferiority complex; but among the Atlanteans, with
their higher standards, mere honesty demanded that I
question my own qualifications. And what, I won-
dered, had I to offer to a woman such as Aelios?
Would not my meagre attainments appear childish and
unattractive to her? Even if I finished my “History
of the Upper World,” would it not be a second-rate
affair, altogether incapable of winning her admira-
tion? And would I not, by comparison with the na-
tives, be considered a weakling, a man whom Aelios
could not marry without incurring disgrace?

  For days and weeks I was harassed by such
thoughts; and it was to be long before I had wholly
recovered. Meanwhile, however, I was partially con-
soled by the companionship of Xanocles. The friend-
ship begun at our first meeting, was strengthening
and solidifying in the course of the months; the prox-
imity of our lodgings rendered it easy for us to see
one another, but there also seemed to be a certain
proximity of mind, which made each of us take pleas-
ure in the company of the other; and in spite of the
gulf of race, training and experience, we found that
352

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

we actually had more in common than many persons
who have spent all their lives in the same home. And
eo he would often seek me out, and we would spend
hours exchanging ideas in the dim seclusion of my
rooms; and often I would seek him out, and we would
hold friendly debates in the quiet of his rooms; and
not infrequently we might have been seen strolling
arm in arm about the city, while I pictured to him
the wonders and vastness of the upper world, or while
he in his turn regaled me with colorful reminiscences,
and told how he was employed by the State as a
binder and designer of books, but how he spent his
spare time in writing economic and philosophical treat-
ises or delivering lectures in favor of the Emergence.

  It was under the pilotage of Xanocles that I was
Introduced to the social life of Atlantis. The Atlan-
teans did not spend all their time in grave and serious
pursuits, as I had at first imagined; they did not de-
vote themselves to art until it palled upon them, or
seek for beauty until it became blurred and illusory;
but they knew how to vary their lives and make them
symmetrical, and they had quite as much time for
laughter and recreation as for earnest endeavor and
sober thought. Indeed, they proved to be an unusu-
ally sociable people; and after I had entered with
Xanocles into the rare spirit of their life and pas-
times, I was forced to conclude that a prime reason
for the success of Atlantean society was the sane
balance it preserved, and the fact that its more ideal
aims were tempered by a recognition and a measured
encouragement of all the normal inclinations of man.

FOR sheer range and variety, the Atlantean pas-
times excelled those of any other people I had
ever encountered. To begin with the simplest first,
there were athletic games, races and competitions that
might have been popular even in the upper world;
and on the outskirts of Archeon were fields where the
young and even the middle-aged gathered in crowds,

testing their prowess by boxing and wrestling, by
hurling round, flat objects like the ancient discus, by
sprinting along specified race-courses, by engaging in
a sort of ball game remotely like tennis, or by partici-
pating in that more popular contest know as “sortos,”
which reminded me of baseball except for the fact that
it did not require so many players. I was surprised
to observe that the Atlanteans could enter into these
sports with hot enthusiasm; but I also noted that they
could view their athletics with sanity, and were inter-
ested in their games only while actually engaged in
them, and did not come forth in throngs as mere on-
lookers, nor waste time discussing the contests before-
hand or after they were over, nor prostitute their
spirit to a professional or commercial outlook.

  Not less popular than the athletics—in fact, prob-
ably much more popular—were the dances that fea-
tured prominently in Atlantean life. These were of a
hundred styles and varieties, from the ethereal butter-
fly movements of trained women, such as Aelios, to
the tripping and capering of children keeping time
spontaneously to the rhythm of a song. Leaving out
of account the dances for which unusual skill was
necessary, the most interesting to my mind were those
held on the polished floors of the temples, where as
many as a hundred men and women would gather, all
swaying synchroneously to the subdued beat of the
music, some in couples holding hands and some singly,
but all lightly passing back and forth with bird-like
co-ordinated movements, until as one watched, one lost
sight of individuals and thought of them all only as
the parts of some exquisite, ever-varying whole.

  It was not surprising to me to observe that the At-
lantean love of the dance was matched by an equal
taste for music. Having no technical musical knowl-
edge, I cannot comment upon the Atlantean develop-
ment of the art, except to say that its cultivation was
widespread, that public concerts were held almost daily
in the halls of Archeon, and that invariably their effect

Til at this noise was somehow connected with the quickening wind was apparent from the first; and the relationship became evident when the path
swerved abruptly away from the wall and I glanced back, to behold a series of queer-looking machines supported on stone pedestals high up
against the glass. It would be impossible to say just what the machines were like ... so swiftly were they rotating that they formed each a

gray blur through which tho green of tho wall was vaguely discernible.
THE SUNKEN WORLD

353

upon me was pleasing beyond anything I had ever
heard on earth. Perhaps it was that the Atlantean
music possessed in high degree the power of awaken-
ing ecstacy and visions; perhaps it was that its re-
strained melancholy and plaintive rapture were as keys,
that unlocked a universe beyond the universe of sense,
and brought the time-bound spirit into touch with the
timeless; but, at all events, it possessed a ravishing
power reminding me of the most consummate violin
performances, and yet surpassing even the violin in
the almost complete severance it effected between
body and soul.

  Much the same may be said of the drama in At-
lantis—a drama almost as popular as the music, and
built like the music upon that beauty which reaches
beyond time and space. The prose drama seems never
to have been introduced; poetry, as the natural vehicle
for ecstatic expression, was evidently regarded as the
inevitable substance of all plays; and the playwrights
were all in a tradition that might have appealed to
Sophocles and Euripides, although they had never
heard of those master dramatists. Indeed, Atlantis
had a score of dramatic writers who in my judgment
were in no way inferior to any produced by classical
Greece; and the best works of these authors, staged
with picturesque simplicity and presented by actors of
power, afforded me some of the most absorbing hours
I passed during all my years in Atlantis.

  But if delighted by such performances, I was not
less pleased to note that dramatics flourished also on
a small scale. In any little social gathering one of
the most popular diversions would be the improviza-
tion and acting of short plays; and the proficiency of
the Atlanteans in this game seemed almost incredible
to me, for the actors would not only originate their
own little dramas, but would speak their impromptu
lines with feeling and beauty; and so deeply was the
spirit of poetry engrained that long fluent passages
of exceptional verse would sometimes be delivered
spontaneously.

  Beyond these dramatic exhibitions, the chief private
pastime of the Atlanteans was in the art of discus-
sion. To say that discussion was an art is not to
exaggerate; it was believed that the mark of the cul-
tured man was his ability to express himself intelli-
gently ; and themes for consideration in an Atlantean
drawing room varied from the latest poetry and the
latest music to the nature of the human personality
and the ultimate meaning of life. To the self-re-
specting citizen, it would have been an insult to
suggest that he avoid the boredom of conversation by
games of dominoes or cards; and it would have seemed
ludicrous to attempt to gossip concerning one’s food or
clothes, one’s athletic prowess, one’s neighbor’s idio-
syncrasies or bad manners, or any of those hundred
and one subjects that might have proved diverting in
upper world conversation.

WHILE Xanocles was introducing me to the social
life of Atlantis, much of my time was being
taken up by social life of a different type. Now that
1 had been elevated to the dignity of Atlantean citizen-
ship, I could not forget that I had thirty-eight com-
rades who aspired to a similar honor. I saw fully as
much of my former shipmates as before; indeed, I
saw some of them more than ever, and in particular
Captain Gavison, who would frequently visit me to
exchange reminiscences; and I rubbed shoulders with
the whole crew at the regular bi-weekly meetings of
the Upper World Club, which were now held in my
apartment.

  These meetings were sometimes exciting affairs, per-

haps because there was little else in Atlantis which
offered the possibility of excitement. Looking back
after the lapse of years, it is not easy for me to
recall just what there was to be agitated about; but
it is certain that we would be agitated indeed, and
that there would be fiery debates and discussions,
which occasionally became so heated that President
Gavison would rap and rap with the bit of stone that
served him as gavel, raising his voice until he almost
shouted and the sheer awe of his presence would re-
store order. As nearly as I can remember, most of
the disputes were due to conflicting opinions of At-
lantis; for frequently one of the club members would
denounce the Sunken World in the most picturesque
terms at his disposal; and immediately some cham-
pion of Atlantis would spring to his feet in disagree-
ment, and the debate would wax fast and furious,
most of the club taking a part, until the imperious
voice of the President would put an end to the con-
test.

  Sometimes, however, the altercation would be over
some proposal for improving our status in Atlantis.
Many and curious were the views as to the draw-
backs of our lot; and one of our members would be
likely to suggest that we attempt the construction of
a motor boat or of an automobile; and another would
be convinced that a prime shortcoming of Atlantis
was the absence of the phonograph or of motion pic-
tures; and many would toy fondly with the idea of
escape, and would advocate wild and wholly imprac-
tical schemes that would foment a tumult in the club.
As time went by, it became increasingly apparent that
the majority would never be reconciled to Atlantis;
they felt estranged by its art, overwhelmed by its
majesty, irritated by its suave peacefulness; and while
they still studied the native language for several hours
a day, and at times derived much satisfaction from
being allowed a part in the native pastimes and ath-
letics, yet on the whole they felt out of place in an
atmosphere not adapted to them, and were coming to
look upon the upper world as a sort of lost Elysium.

CHAPTER XXVI
Curiosities, Freaks and Monstrosities

EVEN though my companions felt constantly ill at
ease in Atlantis, yet as the weeks went by they
were'becoming more proficient in the use of the
native tongue and were taking their places in the life
of the Sunken World. One by one they were being
summoned, as I had been summoned, before the Com-
mittee on Selective Assignments; and each in turn was
ordered to perform some specified daily work after
taking the usual thirty days’ tour around Atlantis.

  Captain Gavison, as one of the most adept of all
in mastering the language, was one of the first to be
graduated into citizenship. But his advancement
brought him no great pleasure, since his prescribed
duty was to spend two and a half hours daily in a
bureau engaged in compiling statistics of population
and industry; and his chosen work for the State,
which was to write a comparison of Atlantean and
upper world civilization, gave him no end of trouble
owing not only to linguistic difficulties but to his lack
of training in authorship.

  Meanwhile Stranahan and Rawson had also matricu-
lated into citizenship; but their assigned work differed
strikingly from the Captain’s. Rawson, as a well
formed and brawny youth, was permitted to exercise
his muscles for an hour and a half daily in a marble
quarry some miles to the north of the city; while
Stranahan, who had been given his choice of several
354

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

occupations, decided that it would suit him best to
serve three hours daily as doorman at the Archeon
City Museum.

  It seemed almost as if this position had been made
to order for him; for when he stood at the museum
entrance, robed in an official red, and politely directed
visitors to the various aisles and departments, he had
the dignity of one born to a lofty station, His work
was not altogether easy, he assured me, for the ex-
hibits were many and confusing, and he had difficulty
in memorizing their names and positions; yet to see
him as he swayed commandingly from side to side of
the great arched doorway, with chest thrown well out
and hands folded sedately behind him, one could
scarcely have believed that he was troubled by any
doubts, but might have imagined him to be the owner
and creator of the building.

  Indeed, the interest which he took in the museum
seemed to be almost personal. He summoned the
whole Upper World Club to inspect it, as though it
had been his own handiwork; and he directed us from
gallery to gallery and from exhibit to exhibit with
the serenity of perfect knowledge. And while there
was much about the institution that neither he nor the
rest of us could understand, yet we had him to thank
for introducing us to some truly extraordinary dis-
plays.

  Unquestionably, the museum was one of the things
best worth seeing in all Atlantis. Not only were the
contents vivid and remarkable beyond description, but
the building itself was a never-failing source of won-
der. The sides and roof were of glass, and, on the
lower levels the walls were colorless and transparent,
so that passers-by could feast their eyes on the more
conspicuous displays, just as on earth the passers-by
may gaze into the shop windows. But above the first
story the glass was no longer crystal-clear, but was
frosted and tinted to the semblance of clouds driven
across a pale blue sky; and over those clouds and down
from the enormous rounded dome a dim rainbow
seemed to reach, spreading a web that varied in hue
and texture with every step one took and every varia-
tion in the luster of the searchlights that shone faintly
from above.

  To glance at this superb building, one would never
have guessed what queer objects it concealed. For my
own part, I was simply astounded—astounded at the
beauty of some exhibits, at the strangeness and ghast-
liness of others. The department of science and in-
ventions (to select merely at random) was a source of
bewilderment, for it showed the oddest contrivances I
had ever beheld—machines for preventing earthquakes,
machines for regulating the undersea temperature,
machines for detecting and isolating noxious bacteria,
machines for transforming iron into copper or tin
into lead, machines for boring through the ground as
a submarine bores through the water.

  But what particularly interested me was the his-
torical department. I shall never forget my first visit
to it; it was one of the most surprising experiences of
my life. Imagine, for example, a glass case that con-
tained nothing but the fragment of a brick wall, a
perfectly commonplace wall of red brick!—and imagine
reading that this was a substance employed for build-
ing purposes in the days before the iEsthetic Renais-
sance! Or, again, picture yourself in contact with
half a dozen gold coins, larger than silver dollars and
each worth several days’ wages, yet left unguarded
where any one might seize them!—and fancy reading
that these bits of metal had once been considered val-
uable and had even been contended for and hoarded!
Or, to take still another illustration, conceive of one’s

surprise at seeing a carefully treasured speck of coal,
and being informed that this was used for fuel in
the days before intra-atomic energy; or paint for your-
self the shock of coming across a case of fine jewelry,
of rings, earrings, brooches, bracelets, and the like,
only to find them represented as typical of primitive
taste!

BUT while all of the historical department proved
most diverting to me, there wa3 one section that
interested me more than all the rest. This was known
as the “Hall of Horrors.” Once having observed the
title, I was eager to explore the department in detail
—and I was not to be disappointed. Somehow, there
was something about the “Hall of Horrors” that
seemed familiar, even though a placard at the entrance
assured one that all the exhibits had been preserved
from a remote antiquity. Thus, the first thing that
I noted was a gas masque said to date from the third
century B. S., but looking as if it might have been
useful in the present World War. Beside the gas
masque was a steel helmet reported to be from the
fourth century B. S.; yet, had it not been for the
card identifying it, I might have suspected it of
being taken from the Germans this very year.

  This suspicion, however, would not have applied to
the other military implements ranged about the room;
most of them were so crude of design as to make me
positively smile. Even as I write this, I can re-capture
the mood of exultation I felt at the proof of our own
superiority: the rifles of the second century B. S. were
so puny-looking and feeble as to appear worse than
primitive, and the bayonets were fully half a foot
shorter than our own; the machine guns of the first
century B. S. had obviously not half the killing ca-
pacity of ours, and the cannons were not constructed
for long distance firing; while the conspicuous absence
of the armored “tank,” the hand grenade and “liquid
fire,” showed that the ancient Atlanteans would have
had much to learn from the sanguinary experts of our
own day.

  From the “Hall of Horrors” Stranahan conducted us
into another and scarcely less interesting department
that was apparently nameless, since its miscellany of
ancient oddities would have defied classification. “Here’s
where you’ll feel at home,” grunted our guide, as with
a gesture of welcome he preceded us through the door-
way. But his remark had been poorly chosen. We
did not feel in the least at home. In fact, I had never
had a more distinct reminder of my exile than when
I gazed at great brick and iron chimneys towering
within glass cases, and catalogued as typical of “The
Age of Steel and Fire”; and it made me almost home-
sick to see pictures of long-vanished cities wrapped, in
great clouds of smoke and soot, and described suc-
cinctly as “Representative of the Tubercular Era in
Old Atlantis.” But much more surprising to me were
the huge ancient furnaces, resurrected in detail, with
puppet stokers in the act of pitching the coal into the
giant flames. An explanatory card naively declared
that “These were once considered necessary evils, not
only for industrial reasons, but because the Sub-
mergence had not yet made possible the automatic
regulation of the weather,”

  But an apparently insignificant object in the same
department aroused far greater interest among my
companions. Carefully guarded under a glass cover,
where it had evidently undergone some special process
of preservation, was a flat, little rectangle of some
shrivelled brownish substance, which upon close scru-
tiny I took to be tobacco!

  That my guess had been correct was demonstrated
THE SUNKEN WORLD

355

by a placard that accompanied the exhibit: “This is a
fragment of a narcotic imported into old Atlantis from
across the western ocean. It found high favor at one
time among the women of the country, and to a
lesser extent among the men, although its use was
considered a mark of effeminacy. There were several
common ways of absorbing this drug, the most popu-
lar being to ignite it and suck the smoke into the
lungs by means of a little twisted tube. Happily, this
disgusting habit has long ago disappeared, and the
elimination of this plant at the time of the Good De-
struction is not the least of the benefits conferred by
Agripides.’’

  I am afraid that few of my companions agreed with
the latter statement. They cast longing glances in
the direction of the tobacco; and, had it not been safely
guarded beneath glass, its career would surely have
ended then and there.

  With the memory of the tobacco still rankling in
our minds, we were escorted into what was known as
the “Department of Human Evolution.” Here was de-
picted the rise of man from the lowest savage state
to the height of present-day Atlantis. A series of
skeletons indicated the gradual transformation from
a broad-boned, ape-like thing to a big-skulled modern
—and, to my great surprise, the large cranial capacity
was represented as belonging almost exclusively to the
aboriginal and Post-Submergence eras!

WHILE I was wondering why this should be, I
chanced to overhear the words of a sagacious-
looking bearded man, who accompanied a party of
smooth-faced youths, evidently as their tutor. “Before
the Submergence,” he was saying, "we were civilized
in a rude sort of way, and yet were not intelligent.
That is to say, we were not intelligent as a people,
for only one man in a hundred possessed any under-
standing of civilization; and it was that one in a hun-
dred, or perhaps one in a thousand, who accomplished
all the changes in science, art and culture. Today,
however, every normal man is intelligent enough to be
more than the dead lumber of civilization. You will ob-
serve this skull here”—the speaker paused, and pointed
to one of the most ancient of the group—"this is the
fossil of a paleolithic pre-Atlantean, who inhabited our
island forty-five or fifty thousands years ago. You can
see for yourselves how much higher and ampler the
skull is than that of your own ancestor of thirty-two
hundred years ago, although of course the latter repre-
sented the world’s most advanced civilization. For-
tunately, our intellectual decline was counteracted by
the vigorous measures of Agripides and his successors,
and we can now boast of being on the same high men-
tal plane as the men of fifty thousand years ago. . .

  The speaker withdrew with his students toward a
further exhibit, and I could catch no more of what he
said. But I had heard quite enough, for it seemed to
me that his words were not to be taken seriously.
And I was more interested in browsing about the
gallery than in listening to his pointless remarks—
particularly since I had chanced to set eyes on some
arresting tables of statistics. These figures, which
dated back more than three thousand years, showed
how the rise in the appreciation of beauty had been
almost simultaneous with the growth of intellect; how
the mental advance and the decline of crime seemed
likewise to be related phenomena; how the general
measure of happiness, as indicated by the absence of
nervous disorders, mental abberations and suicides, had
been incalculably increased since the intellectual re-
vival.

  Having read to the end of the statistics, I passed

with my companions down several long corridors to
the art departments, where some of the more notable
contemporary paintings and statues were placed on
exhibition along with a multitude of classic works.
But if I were to dwell upon the contents of these gal-
leries, beyond saying that its art was in that same ex-
quisite and original style I had already observed, I
should have to add chapters to my story; and, like-
wise, I should find my narrative interminable if I were
to describe the other exhibits: the natural history de-
partment, with specimens of the flora and fauna of
old Atlantis, the paleo-botanical department with life-
like restorations of long-extinct tree-ferns and gigantic
palms, the sociological-historical departments, with
represenations of scenes in prisons, poorhouses, orphan-
ages, and insane asylums, all of which were declared to
have been “herding places of the days when unfor-
tunates were so plentiful that they had to be dealt
with by the pack, instead of, as at present, being con-
signed individually to the care of those sympathetic
men and women who make social work their service
for the State.”

  But while the sheer abundance of the exhibits makes
it impossible to describe them all, there is one that I
must not fail to mention, since in some ways it was
the most remarkable in the museum. We had just en-
tered the section ambiguously known as “Curiosities,
Freaks and Monstrosities,” when Stranahan, with an
odd twinkling expression, warned us to be ready for
a surprise. And, certainly, he warned us with good
reason! As we glanced toward the further wall, we
were shocked by sight of something dazzlingly fa-
miliar—so very familiar, indeed, that several of us
uttered little cries of amazement. Neatly arranged be-
hind a glass case, flattened against the rear panels so
as to afford a better view, were dozens of well known
blue uniforms! Among them, from the Ensign’s
stripes, I recognized my own; and among them, also,
was the decorated uniform of the Captain! And above
them, on a large-lettered placard, appeared the state-
ment that these were the clothes worn by the only aliens
to enter Atlantis since the Submergence, and that they
were interesting as showing what grotesque and un-
sightly garments were fashionable in the upper world!

CHAPTER XXVII

The Warning of the Waters

ALTHOUGH at times during my first months in
Atlantis I may have felt out of place and wished
that the waters would open above me and bear
me back to my own land, yet my longings were never
mixed with misgivings and my regrets never tinged
with fears. Even in my most pessimistic moments, I
had-ho doubt but that the Sunken World was secure;
that no menace to life or tranquility lurked in its
well-ordered depths; that I might live out my days
unmolested and in a peaceful routine. Hence I was
all the more shocked at discovery of that peril which
was to give Atlantis the aspect of a beleaguered city,
and to overcast its beauty with foreboding and horror.

  I had been in Atlantis over a year when the crisis
occurred. It was a crisis as startling and unexpected
as the flaming of a meteor out of a calm sky; and
yet, had we but known it, it had been preparing its
way insidiously during the days of fancied safety,
like some mortal disease that burrows through tissues
which are apparently sound. And, like such a disease,
it might have been checked had it only been discov-
ered in time.

  I remember that one night, after many onerous hours
devoted to my “History of the Upper World,” I slept
356

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

but poorly, with an intermittent slumber disturbed by;
nightmares of huge towers crashing to destruction.
And during the wakeful intervals my thoughts framed
other nightmares, and I was agitated by a vague
alarm and excitement, though I could not understand
. .why. Not until much later did it occur to me that
some telegraphic force, akin to the magnetic will power
of the Atlanteans, may have conveyed to me the deep
unrest that surcharged the atmosphere.

   But whether or not this explanation be valid, I know
 that in the morning, when I had dressed and stood
 in my roof-bedroom gazing down into the streets, I
 became acutely conscious that something was wrong.
 Every few minutes a native or group of natives could
 be seen rushing by at a speed I had never before
 observed among the unhurried Atlanteans; and it
 seemed to me that their faces were convulsed as
 though with pain or fear; while the voices occasionally
 borne up to me had the nervousness, almost the hys-
 teria, of men in a panic.

   What could have happened? I wondered. Had the
 Atlanteans all suddenly gone mad? Or were they fac-
 ing an insurrection or a civil war? Or had the gov-
 ernment perhaps been overthrown by a band of in-
 surgents? Or had there been an earthquake through
 which I had somehow slept? Or was there an in-
 vasion from the upper world, and had some of our
 countrymen, seeking for clues of the lost X-lll, dis-
 covered the Sunken World and entered?

   All these possibilities, as I turned them over in my
 mind, seemed so fantastic that I had to discard them.
 Yet it still filled me with apprehension to observe the
 natives scurrying about the streets—apprehension that
 was to be speedily justified.

 I WAS just preparing to go out and investigate when
 there came an excited rapping at my door. Un-
 able to imagine who might be seeking me at this early
 hour, I cried out sharply, “Come in!”; and the door
 swung abruptly open to admit—Captain Gavison!

   He was far from his composed and normal self. His
 pale blue costume was all ruffled, and had been flung
 over his shoulders as though in great haste; his long
 hair hung dishevelled over his narrow bronzed brow;
 his face looked all hot and sweaty; his gray eyes
 burned and sparkled with a vague distress.

   He did not wait for a formal greeting. “Have you—
 have you heard the news?” he gasped, as he strode
 into the room.

   I confessed that I had heard nothing.

   “Don’t see how you could help hearing!” he snapped,
 and began to pace slowly about the floor, with brow
 wrinkled in bitter thought.

   “What news is it?” I demanded. “Just what have
 you heard?”

   “One of the natives told me strange things last
 night,” he confided, as he continued his restless peram-
 bulations about the room. “I haven’t slept a wink,
 not a wink!”

   “What strange things? We’re not going to be sent
 back home, are we?” I inquired, with an abortive
 effort to be facetious.

   “We’ll be sent to a worse place than that!” he
 growled, bristling almost into his old military man-
 ner. “The glass wall has been cracked!”

   “The glass wall cracked?” I cried, stupidly, stunned
 by the terror of the words.

   “Yes, the glass wall has been cracked,” the Captain
 affirmed, in a more matter-of-fact manner. “One of
 the patrol boats discovered the damage late yester-
 day afternoon. There’s a dangerous fracture near the
 entrance of the Salty River.”

  For reply I could only groan. The glass wall of
Atlantis cracked!—the whole Atlantic Ocean bearing
down upon the Sunken World! Too well I understand
what that meant, too well to require comment! And
in that first moment of horrible realization I had
visions of torrents pouring through a gap in the wall,
flooding over the streets and temples and highest
towers of the land!

  “But how—how under heaven did it happen?” I
burst forth, when I had half recovered from the first
staggering blow.

  “That is not hard to say,” he declared, slowly and
in measured tones. "At least, there are suspicions—”

  “Suspicions?” I demanded.

  “Suspicions that you and I and the rest of us are
to blame.”

  "But how is that possible?” I exclaimed.

  “It’s possible, all right. It all happened before we
got here. The X-lll, caught in the whirlpool out-
side the Salty River, was hurled by the force of the
waters against the glass wall, probably striking with
its steel prow, which, as you know, was built for ram-
ming our foes. The wall, luckily, was too stout to be
shattered; but it was cracked, and the crack must
have been growing all this time without being noticed.”

  “Merciful gods!” I cried. “Then if—if anything
happens to Atlantis, it will be all on account of us!"

  But before Gavison had had time to reply, there
came another rapping at the door. And, hardly wait-
ing for my summons, a wild-eyed Xanocles burst in.
Like my other visitor, he did not waste time on greet-
ings. “You—do you know?” he faltered, with a lack
of self-command most unusual in him.

  Solemnly we assured him that we knew.

  Without further delay we plunged into the subject
that had brought him to us. “Maybe you’d like to go
and see for yourselves?” he suggested.

  "But how can we see for ourselves?” I asked.

  “The government—that is to say, the High Chief
Adviser—has ordered the intra-atomic river boats put
at the people’s disposal. Seven of them are now
plying back and forth, bearing thousands to the glass
wall. The Adviser thinks the people should see for
themselves just what has happened.”

  “Very well then, let’s go,” decided the Captain.

  Without another word the three of us set out to-
gether. In silence we strode down the long avenue
that meandered toward the river. And as we sped
along we encountered dozens of the natives, all of
them in as great a hurry as we; and all had faces
flushed and excited, or fearful and drawn, or pale as
though with apprehension.

UPON arriving at the piers, we found that hun-
dreds of Atlanteans had preceded us, most of them
so transformed that I could hardly recognize them as
citizens of the Sunken World; for they were chatter-
ing wildly, or pacing distractedly back and forth, or
uttering half-hysterical exclamations; and one or two
were mumbling and muttering to themselves, or moving
their lips silently in what might have been prayer.
But they did not fail to notice our arrival; angry
exclamations broke forth at sight of us, and several
of the men and women withdrew visibly from U3;
and, in my surprise, I did not know whether to
ascribe their hostility to the unpopularity of Xanocles'
or to the part that Gavison and I had played as un-
conscious agents of disaster.

  To calm the excited multitude, a vigorous-looking
young man ventured to raise his voice, and proclaim,
“Friends, there is still no reason for alarm. We do
not yet know how serious the damage may be, but the
THE SUNKEN WORLD

357

glass wall still holds; not a drop of water has broken
through. . . . There is reason to believe that the
break will be speedily repaired, and that we will go
on living as happily as ever. . . .” •

  These words, I was glad to see, had a soothing effect
upon the crowd. Yet I was relieved when at last the
boat hove into view, a slender affair as long as the
longest river vessel, but not more than twenty-five
feet from rail to rail. I did not then give any at-
tention to its details, though I did note how low-lying
it was, with but one visible deck, one small cabin and
no smokestack or mast. But after it had drawn up
to the pier and the gangplank was flung down, I wasted
no time about boarding it with my two companions.
Benches and chairs were strewn liberally about the
deck, sufficient to accommodate the entire crowd; and
we had hardly taken seats when the boat commenced
to shiver and throb, and we started upstream with
the velocity of an express train.

  So rapidly did we move that in less than an hour
we were approaching the head of the Salty River. And
during the interval I only once ventured to break the
moody solitude of my own thoughts.

  "When did you find out about all this?” I asked
Xanocles, who like the rest of us seemed to be ab-
sorbed in bitter reveries.

  “Last night,” he returned, in an abstracted manner.
"I chanced to be in the Hall of Public Enlightenment,
and heard the news over the Autophone.”

  “The Autophone?” I demanded.

  "Well, naturally, you wouldn’t know what that is,”
explained Xanocles. "We get our ordinary news by
wireless telegraph, of course, and it is then reported
by speakers at the various public meeting places. But
the Autophone is more effective, and is used only on
rare and important occasions. It operates instan-
taneously, and consists of a tube and electrical attach-
ment, enabling one to hear a speaker miles away.”

  "I understand,” said I, for, after all, the Autophone
did not impress me as unfamiliar.

  And with that we lapsed again into silenec, a silence
shared by all the hundreds of passengers. For now
that they had actually embarked upon the voyage,
their excitement seemed to have died down to a mood
of solemn waiting, a tense and painful waiting all too
apparent in the rigid, staring faces of the men and
the women’s pale cheeks and frightened eyes.

  It was with relief that at length I saw the river
growing white and agitated ahead of us, and knew
that we were not far from the valve where the tor-
rents were hurled in from the sea. Yet I was filled
with impatience before we swerved finally into a little
side canal and our boat came to a landing before a
long granite dock whence a sister ship was just leav-
ing. I need hardly state that I lost no time in step-
ping across the gangplank, as soon as the crowded
state of the deck permitted; and though we were still
three or four miles from the glass wall, I was thankful
to be able to walk the distance.

TO watch my two companions and myself set out
along the clay footpath toward the wall, one might
have thought that we were athletes training for a
race. But if we moved rapidly, we were in no way
exceptional, for there were scores who easily kept
pace with us.

  For many minutes we hastened parallel to the Salty
River. We passed the long, white rapids; we passed
the spot where the gigantic jet of water shot thunder-
ing out of the pipe-like valve; we saw the wall itself
sloping down before us, and near the wall we could

make out a long, black mass which ultimately resolved
itself into a multitude of humans.

  This multitude, as we drew near, showed itself to
be in a wildly agitated condition. Men and women
were pacing frantically to and fro, swarming and
squirming like worms or ants; some were gesticulating
vehemently, some speaking in high-pitched tones audi-
ble from afar, some merely standing petrified like men
dealt a blow too great to bear.

  Yet, as we took our places among them, we could
observe nothing that gave cause for alarm. To our
right loomed the elongated, steely gray valve, a great
tube as high as a three-story building, which narrowed
as it approached the wall, and passed through it on
a level with the ground. And just before us sloped
the wall itself, now roped off so that we could not
come within a stone’s throw, but apparently still the
same smooth, dark greenish barrier I had viewed
months before. No sign of any break or crack was
visible, and it was almost with disappointment that I
noticed how flawless it seemed.

  But while I stood there watching I heard a faint
swishing sound, like the lapping of sea-waves against
the rocks. I may have been mistaken, for amid the
chattering and shouting of the mob and the distant
roaring of waters from the valve, it was difficult to be
sure just what one heard. But Gavison and Xanocles
seemed to note that same ominous noise, and both
paused to listen, while the anxious expression on their
faces did not relieve my misgivings. “It’s the water
working through the inner layers of the glass,” I
thought I heard Xanocles remark; but here again I
could not be sure, for even as he spoke a tumult of
shouts burst forth, and I turned in sudden fright to
see what was the matter.

  This time I did not have long to wait. On one of
the great roof-supporting stone columns a searchlight
had been mounted; and I observed that it was slowly
swinging round, casting a piercing illumination upon
the wall from a bright, yellow eye glaring like the
headlight of a locomotive. For a moment it shook and
wavered as if it could not find a focus; then it became
rigid and still, and a circle of the wall, many yards
across, stood out in brilliant relief.

  Instantly the people began to press forward. So
excited were they that for a moment I almost lost
touch with Gavison and Xanocles, and could catch no
glimpse of the illuminated patch of wall. And at the
same time shrill cries of terror and dismay broke
forth. A man just to my rear groaned as if in pain;
a woman gave a half suppressed sob; somewhere from
the rear came a hysterical wailing. Then, when the
circle in the wall again became visible, I was wedged
in so tightly that I scarcely gave it any attention. It
was only by degrees that I made out its features, and
saw what resembled an enormous piece of cracked
crockery. From an amorphous central blur several feet
across, great seams and fissures ran in a hundred
directions, with long, spidery arms that reached out
like the roots of a tree, gradually growing thinner till
they vanished in vacancy. It seemed a miracle that
the water had not already burst through, for each of
the scores of diverging cracks were rods long and
must have been many feet deep.

I DO not know how long I stood staring blankly at
that tragic break in the glass. I was as one
divested of power of thought or movement; I merely
hovered there transfixed, listening to the muttering
and sighing of the multitude. Strangely enough, it
did not occur to me to ask whether the damage could
be repaired; it was as though I had known all the
353

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

wmB

hubl

       Mpssi
       iSlsai

       sissd

       immzm

 HMMM

     $*tM§

     &&£.r£r<ZW:

        »-t'|>.?t »?■wV^-tWrX

!v,'«i',«v >vV r'y/^i:^;<v-

■‘ :. V ' ■•'

Miil

phi

SHm

pSIttiSl

M

BH

                        SfiM

It was only by degrees that I made out its features, and saw what resembled an enormous picce of cracked crockery. From an amorphous cen-
.tral blur several feet across, great seams and fissures ran in different directions with long spidery arms .... one of the ships pressed itself
against the wall, after which the port hole was opened and the men poured cemcnt into the cracks.
THE SUNKEN WORLD

359

while that it was beyond remedy . . . and for the
moment my attitude was strangely detached, almost
'impersonal, as though I were the external witness of
melancholy and inexorable things. . . .

  Yet it was a highly personal thought that startled
me back to myself. Somehow, out. of some dim sub-
conscious depth, there swept across my mind the vision
of two bright, blue eyes—and, with that vision, acute
fear seized me, and longing, and despair. That At-
lantis should be in danger was fearful enough—but
that Aelios should be imperiled was a thought almost
too terrible for belief. And, accompanying that first
wild stab of alarm for her, there came a sharp desire
to see her, to be with her, to speak with her now; and,
hopeful that she might be somewhere in this crowd,
I began to search all about me, and then to thread
my way at random through the dense ranks of people,
scanning all the faces in my anxiety, until Gavison
and Xanocles, following me with difficulty, began to
ask irrelevantly whether the cracks were in the wall
or in my head.

  But no Aelios was to be seen; and at last I was
forced reluctantly to abandon the quest. A dull and
settled sadness had fallen over me; and, depressed for
no reason that I would have acknowledged, I expressed
my purpose of returning at once to Archeon, saying
that I had already seen everything there was to be
seen.

  “But you haven’t seen a thing yet,” demurred Xan-
ocles, who seemed determined that I should remain.
“The submeusible repair ships have not yet arrived—
and when they come, they should be a sight worth
watching.”

  And he slipped his arm about mine, and drew me
with him toward the wall, while I still protested that
it would be better for me to return to Archeon.

  No doubt in the end I should have had my way,
had not another hubbub arisen to distract my atten-
tion. Once more the thousands of voices were lifted
in excitement; but this time a note of joy was mani-
fest, and even seemed to predominate. At the same
time, many hands pointed eagerly toward the illumi-
nated circle in the glass; and from just behind me I
heard a thankful murmur that sounded encouragingly
Jike “The repair ships; They’re here! They’re here!”

  Indeed, the repair ships had arrived. Even through
the darkest sections of the wall, half a dozen faintly
phosphorescent cigar-shaped forms were dimly ap-
parent. They were all rather small, scarcely more
than a third of the size of the X-lll; but they seemed
to be exceedingly agile, and were darting lithely back
and forth like great fishes, or else were whirling or
pirouetting or standing almost on end, as though
stricken with giddiness and unable to control their
movements.

  “They’re having the devil’s own time!” muttered
Xanocles, as he stood watching. “That’s the worst
danger-spot in all the ocean, for the waters are con-
stantly in a whirlpool because of the torrents emptied
into the Salty River. But our men are brave, and
somehow they’ll manage it.”

  “But how can they set about it?” I inquired, un-
able to imagine any way of making repairs.

  “It’s far from easy, but it can be done,” continued
Xanocles. “One of the ships will have to press itself
against the wall, so closely that there is no space
between. Once all water has been excluded between the
vessel and the wall, you understand, the pressure on
the ocean side will keep the ship in place. And after
the ship is in the proper position, a porthole will be
opened, and through this the men will pour cement
into the crack.”

  Even as Xanocles explained, an anchor was dropped
from one of the ships into the rocky sea bottom; and
the vessel, having steadied itself, began to drift slowly
toward the wall, so that at length its side was pressed
tightly against the cracked glass. Then a little circle
of light seemed suddenly to open on the ship’s side;
and in that circle I could make out the rigid, de-
termined faces of half a dozen men, while in their
hands I could observe a variety of strange rods, tubes,
and lantern-like contrivances.

  Pessimistic as I had been before, I could not but
feel a burst of hope when I watched the capable,
courageous way in which these men set to work. And
evidently the waiting throng had become hopeful too,
for murmurs of admiration and approval were re-
peatedly on their lips; and as they saw tube after
tube of cement poured skilfully into the cracks, they
became almost mad with relief; and some began to
clap their hands and caper childishly, and some sighed
in thanksgiving, and some wept silently, for, after all,
Atlantis seemed to have been saved!

  Then, with the suddenness of a thunderbolt, all their
hopes were dashed out. So swiftly did disaster de-
scend that none had a chance to say how or whence
it came—but it was disaster complete and irretriev-
able. Perhaps it was that the anchor-chain holding
the submarine had snapped, or that some water had
seeped in between the side of the vessel and the
glass wall. At all events, the submarine was plainly
visible one moment, the men pumping the viscid
cement through long tubes to the very extremities of
the crack; and the next moment there was only a dim
shadow flitting away into a watery obscurity.

  For an instant there was an awed silence. Then,
as comprehension dawned upon the crowd, a convulsive
shudder swept it through and through, and a howl of
horror and dismay rang forth. Men glanced askance
at their neighbors, blank terror gaping from their
eyes; and all at once, as by a common impulse, hun-
dreds pressed confusedly toward the wall, as though
they might succor thus those unfortunates lost in the
briny wastes. But many, conscious of the futility of
all action, sadly remained in their places, and mutely
bowed their heads—a tribute of respect for the
drowned.

CHAPTER XXVIII

The Waters Retreat

THE eight days that followed the discovery of the
crack were among the most harrying I had
ever spent. Indeed, they were among the most
harrying that any resident of Atlantis had ever spent.
That the peril was acute became more and more ap-
parent as the days went by and the damage was not
repaired—the submarine disaster which I had wit-
nessed was but the precurser to other and not less
frightful disasters. Vessel after vessel battled with
the swirling waters in the effort to force itself against
the wall and cement the crack; and vessel after vessel
was shaken away like a twig by the fury of the
maelstrom. Sometimes, fortunately, the portholes were
shut in time and the crew managed to save their lives;
but on other occasions the maddened waters snatched
their prey; and before a week had gone by Atlantis
was mourning for seven lost parties of rescuers.

  All the country was now in a tumult, I might almost
say in a delirium. The regular currents of life had
stopped short; men no longer went about their daily
duties; the libraries and art galleries were deserted;
the young were without tutors, the governmental de-
partments without clerks; and the cities would have
360

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

been without bread, had it not been for the drastic
orders of the High Chief Adviser. But citizens who
once had been amply occupied would loiter aimlessly
about the streets, or would flock to the Hall of Public
Enlightenment to hear the latest report over the Auto-
phone; or else they would pace nervously along the
colonnades, or stand discussing in small groups, nerve-
racked and bewildered as men under sentence of death.
Though I never heard them mention the fear that must
have been uppermost in their minds, yet their pale
faces and shuddery manner gave proof of the dread
that was preying upon them; and my former shipmates
and I had reason to know how overmastering was their
terror, for that aversion I had already noted was deep-
ening, and the people would glance at us with hostility
and even accusation in their eyes, looking mute re-
proach at us, as though our coming had been re-
sponsible (as indeed it had been) for the threatened
end of their world.

  Every morning five or six of the little intra-atomic
submarines would leave Atlantis through the valve in
the eastern wall, where the waters of the Salty River
were forced back into the sea. And in the evening
(if they survived till evening) they would return
through the valve in the western wall, where the
waters of the Salty River found entrance. In the in-
terval, their occupants would work as courageously as
I had ever known men to work, warring against odds
that were apparently insurmountable; while all At-
lantis would stand watching, or waiting at the Auto-
phone for news of their progress. It seemed wrongful
to my comrades and me that these men, brave and will-
ing as they were, should risk their lives to repair
an injury which we had caused; and so at Captain
Gavison’s suggestion several of us volunteered to join
the rescuing forces. But the High Chief Adviser,
although expressing his gratitude, refused our offer in
terms that could admit of no reply; for the repairing
crews, as he explained, consisted of skilled mechanics
especially trained for their duties and therefore irre-
placeable.

  Fortunately, our assistance was not necessary. On
the eighth day, the officials in charge of the repairs
decided upon a change of tactics; and then it was
that the “Acrola,” a specially equipped submarine pro-
vided with five anchors and an extra battery in intra-
atomic engines, made its way out of the Salty River
and around the glass dome to the scene of the damage.
Truly, it was time that something desperate was done,
for, according to official measurements, the crack had
expanded between nine and ten inches since its detec-
tion. Thanks to its unusual powers of resistance, how-
ever, the “Acrola” withstood the buffeting of the waters
and remained pressed against the wall while Captain
Thermandos and his crew pumped the cement into the
innumerable fissures. Except for the extraordinary
courage of the men, it is probable that they too would
have failed, for the task occupied them for more than
six hours, any moment of which might have been their
last; and they not only had to fill the cracks, but had
to hold to their post till the cement had begun to
harden and was no longer in danger of being washed
away.

  But the notable fact is that they succeeded. Though
they were worn and haggard from their exertions, yet
they had succeeded magnificently. They had saved
Atlantis! After all, the flood-gates would not burst!—
the devouring waters would never race along the streets
and colonnades! The people might return calmly to
their work, certain that tomorrow would bring no
new menace.

SUCH, at least, was the general impression. And so
great was the public relief that the pendulum
swung violently from a crisis of despair to an extreme
joy. Like men newly awakened from a nightmare, the
Atlanteans refused to believe that the peril had not
been utterly wiped away; and so great was the force
of the reaction, so sudden the snapping of the tension,
that for a while their emotions controlled their heads,
and their desire to feel safe became converted into a
conviction that they were safe. Later, many of them
were to awaken from their self-hypnosis; but during
the celebration that followed the repairs, the people
almost without exception, acted as if convinced of their
rescue; and all the speakers at the great public gather-
ings referred in positive terms to the deliverance of
Atlantis; and the songs that were sung were songs of
thanksgiving, as of triumphant escape from a foe;
and the games and dances and festive processions were
those of a people wild with joy of new-won salvation.

  Yet even at the time there was at least one dissent-
ing voice. Like most dissenting voices at a moment
of popular emotion, it was but little heard, and then
was heard contemptuously; yet it was often to be re-
membered in later days, when the occasion called for
little beyond regret.

  Among the seven governmental experts sent to in-
vestigate the repairs and report on their soundness,
there was one who strenuously challenged the views of
his colleagues. While the other six agreed that the
damage had been remedied beyond possibility of a
further disturbance, the seventh (Peliades by name)
brought in a vigorous minority report in which he
contended that the relief was only temporary.

  His plea, as I remember it, ran somewhat as fol-
lows :

  “For four or five years—possibly for ten—the re-
pairs will prove adequate; but after that period the
damage will re-appear in a much more aggravated
form than before. For the cement constitutes a for-
eign element in the glass, and produces an abnormal
bulge, so placing an exceptional strain upon those por-
tions which are still sound. For a while the wall may
be able to endure the strain, but in the course of time
the additional tension will become too great for the
brittle material of the wall to resist; and first small
cracks will appear, and then larger, growing by inches
and by fractions of inches, until the break spreads
towards the surface, and the tremendous pressure of
the ocean shatters the remaining barrier. This effect,
of course, will take years before it begins to be notice-
able; but when finally it becomes apparent, the crack
will have spread so far that only heroic measures will
be able to save Atlantis.

  “The remedy, therefore, is to undertake the imme-
diate erection of a new glass bulwark against the
affected portion of the wall. Prodigious though this
effort will necessarily be, we will probably be able to
complete the work in time. But unless we do complete
it, we will find ourselves within a hair’s breadth of
catastrophe.”

  Unfortunately—most unfortunately, in view of what
ensued—Peliades’ warning was scarcely heeded. In
some quarters he was denounced as a crank, a mad
alarmist; in other quarters he was openly laughed at,
or derided as the victim of hysteria; while the ma-
jority paid no attention to him at all. Least sym-
pathetic of his hearers were his fellow specialists; for
these, in response to an inquiry by the High Chief
Adviser, testified at length as to the scientific unsound-
ness of Peliades’ theories, and disproved his views to
their own satisfaction and that of the people.

  And so the dissenter’s motions were quietly tabled,
THE SUNKEN WORLD

361

and Atlantis returned to its normal duties with confi-
dence in the future.

CHAPTER XXIX

The Party of Emergence

ALTHOUGH all Atlantis resumed its normal aspect
soon after the wall had been repaired, things
were never again to be quite as before. It was
as though there were some unseen fissure in the life
of the Sunken World as well as in its glass boundary;
as though the people realized, subconsciously, that they
hovered on the rim of a smoldering volcano. Some-
thing seemed to be lacking that had been there before,
perhaps because something was present that had never
been there before; and the corrosive effects of fear,
injected for the first time during all the centuries of
the Submergence, seemed to dissipate the charmed
tranquility of Atlantis and to suggest that inimical
and even treacherous forces lurked beyond the marble
fountains and palaces and the weird green-golden dome.

  But the one tangible result of the discovery of the
crack was the rise of the Party of Emergence. This
despised minority group, whose very name had been
a phrase of contempt, now burst into a prominence
as surprising to its members as to the people as a
whole, and for the first time in history, threatened to
become a power in Atlantean politics. Perhaps it was
that there were thousands who, beset by a secret dread,
looked to the Party of Emergence as their only salva-
tion; perhaps it was merely that they had been
shocked into a more liberal-minded attitude, and could
view the policy of Emergence with wide-open eyes.
At all events, a host of disciples flocked voluntarily to
the Emergence banners; and among these were many
persons of influence and position, including Peliades,
the engineer who had declared the wall unsound, and
Chorendos, the Local Adviser of Archeon.

  And now began a heated and aggressive campaign,
conducted incessantly and not without success in the
Hall of Public Enlightenment of every town and vil-
lage in Atlantis—a campaign that threatened to de-
velop into a life-or-death struggle between the re-
generated Emergence Party and the more venerable
Submergence group. It happened that I myself took
an active, if minor part in that contest; and it also
happened that the entire Upper World Club was im-
plicated, for we all realized that the cause of Emer-
gence offered us our only opportunity of returning to
the upper world.

  Innumerable were the meetings that we attended,
and innumerable the pleas that we made. To give a
complete account of all our activities would be im-
possible, even if I could recall them all; and so I will
have to confine myself to describing a particular meet-
ing, which stands forth in my mind as typical.

  One afternoon, many months after the crack in the
wall had been sealed, Xanocles and I found ourselves
preparing for a strenuous session at the Hall of Pub-
lic Enlightenment. It had been rumored that the day’s
meeting was to be unusually interesting, and Xanocles
and I were secretly determined to make it so; hence,
when we arrived at the sapphire and amber theatre
and found almost all the seats occupied, we felt that
we had every reason to congratulate ourselves.

  We took chairs in the rear, and quietly awaited out-
turn. A discussion was in progress regarding the
award of honor to be made to a certain lyric poet. (I
do not know quite what the issue was, for I did not
listen attentively.) But everyone understood that this
was not to be the topic of the day; and after the
question had been settled, a momentary hush came

over the audience and many pair3 of eyes were bent
toward us inquiringly.

  Then it was that Xanocles arose. At a gesture from
that same broad-browed elderly woman who had pre-
sided when Gavison and his crew had been brought
to trial long before, my friend stepped out into the
aisle and down to the central platform or stage, while
all eyes followed him intently and a speechless lull
dominated that great assemblage.

  "Fellow citizens,” he said, not taking time even for
an instant’s pause after reaching the foot of the
stairs, “I am here today to make one of the most
momentous proposals ever presented since Agripides
pleaded for the Submergence. But it is not a pro-
posal that has never been put forth before; it is merely
one that has never been endorsed. It has been, indeed,
at the very backbone of the Party of Emergence, and
will continue to be argued and preached until it meets
with that success which it merits. For it is impos-
sible, my friends, that Atlantis should retain its age-
old isolation; modern progress makes such backward-
ness inconceivable, as the arrival of thirty-nine men
from outside has demonstrated. I am certain that if
Agripides himself were here now he would agree that
our policies must be revised.”

  Here Xanocles paused as if for emphasis; but the
audience remained intently silent, and with increased
forcefulness he continued, “The question of emigra-
tion, my friends, is one of the most important that can
confront any land. Never in the last three thousand
years has Atlantis had an adequate law on this sub-
ject; our prohibition of emigration has been a form
of intolerance unworthy of the high traditions of our
people; and free emigration, if forbidden by the
arbitrary 'conventions of society, is justified by the
mandates of nature and the normal human craving
for romance and adventure.

  “Therefore I suggest that the fundamental law of
Atlantis be modified. But for the sake of those who
fear to be too radical, I recommend that we proceed
cautiously at first; let us begin by allowing three or
four of our people to visit the upper world; and let
these, having made their investigations, return with
their reports, so that then, on the basis of definite
knowledge, we may decide on the advantage of further
emergence.”

«\TO’ no, no!” rang forth half a dozen voices in

  -L ’ sharp disapproval; and, as Xanocles gracefully
resigned the floor, one of the dissenters—a tall, stooped
man with sallow face, fringed with a white beard—
stepped down to express his views.

  “Citizens of Atlantis,” he declared, in a voice sur-
prisingly resonant and vigorous for one of his age, “I
have lived long enough to follow the debates of a hun-
dred years, but never have I heard such folly as has
just been advised. Under the influence of Agripides,
Atlantis has been beautiful, and it has been happy—
and what more can life give us than happiness and
beauty? Would you let yourselves be stampeded by
the ravings of these modernists, who would trample
on every sacred thing, seeking a panicy escape from
some imaginary peril, or misled by a childish lust
for adventure or romance? Take an old man’s word,
in all the upper world there can be no romance like
that spread beneath our green-glass dome, and no
adventure like that of our golden-illumined ways.
Agripides was right, my friends, perhaps more mar-
velously right than even he could have known; for
Atlantis can remain Atlantis only so long as the cor-
rupting influence of the world is excluded; only so
long as we are protected from those bickerings, greedy
362

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

strivings and ruinous stupidities that must beset all
men on an earth, which are things too vast to control
and too diversified to understand. Need I do more
than to remind you that already the first shock of con-
tact with the upper world has almost shattered the
foundations of Atlantis, and left us all momentarily
in acute danger and fear?”

  And the old man ceased, and stalked majestically
back to his seat, while the nods and murmurs of ap-
proval showed how favorably he had been received.
Evidently the Submergence Party had scored, and
scored heavily; and therefore the time seemed ripe
for the address which I had prepared.

  I had no difficulty in gaining the floor; and after
a few remarks expressing my sympathy with the ends
if not with the methods of the Submergence Party,
I launched into the main body of my speech.

  “You are all building without ample knowledge,”
said I. “And that must necessarily be so, for what
can you have learned of the upper world? But it
happens that I, thanks to some years of experience,
do know a little of the upper world; and it is because
of this that I venture to address you on behalf of
the policy of Emergence.”

  I paused momentarily, to pave the way for my next
point; and I observed that hundreds of pairs of eyes
were straining toward me, in a silence so intense that
one might have heard the dropping of the proverbial
pin.

  “I shall not dwell upon the merely physical advan-
tages of my own world,” I continued. “I shall not
describe its wide spaces and splendid vistas, its tree-
mantled valleys and sun-burnished lakes, its uproarious
white-splashed oceans and billowy mountains, dark
with forest or glittering with the snow. I shall not
linger over the tingling freshness of starry winter
nights, the feathery softness of the spring, the en-
chantment of firefly-haunted glades or of the ever-
shifting skies, with their fragile blue or gray or burn-
ing sunset red. I shall not discourse upon these sights,
for even in the upper world they are but little noted,
save by an occasional nature crank or poet.

  “But what I shall strive to make plain are those
advantages familiar to every thinking citizen of the
earth. Let me begin, for example, by picturing the
life of the typical dweller in our greatest city. Not
only in his home but in his work he enjoys the bene-
fits of the most progressive civilization ever known.
To begin with, his dwelling may be of any type that
accords with his means and capacity, for if he likes
high places and can afford them, he may enjoy the
privilege of looking down upon his neighbors from the
eleventh story; or, if he prefers exercise, he may
walk up to the sixth floor whenever he goes home; or,
again, if he be of a sluggish disposition, he may take
lodgings at street level—and all without extra charge.

  “Now let me depict the daily routine of such a
man. After being aroused in the morning by a won-
derful little clock that is almost human in its faith-
fulness to habit, he slips hastily into his clothes and
consumes a breakfast perhaps featured by refriger-
ated beefsteak grown half a world away, and by coffee
mixed with the condensed milk of cows that lived far
away and long ago. Having thus'fortified himself
against the day’s exigencies, he loses no time about
leaving the house; and, in company with thousands
as fortunate as himself, he enters a little hole in the
ground, and twenty minutes or half an hour later
emerges from another and precisely similar hole five
or ten miles away. But this is the least of his con-
veniences. After climbing from the second hole, he
wedges his way into a little movable electric box in

any of our downtown buildings, and promptly finds
himself delivered opposite his office on the fifteenth or
twentieth floor. He is now ready for the day’s duties;
and so marvelously simple is modern civilization that,
no matter what those duties be, they are always the
same.

  “For there is only one task that seems worth while
to the modern man, and that is the making of money.
Just why money-making is so important is a question
that I personally cannot answer; but it must be im-
portant indeed, for every one becomes involved in it,
especially those who have more already than they
know what to do with; and this is doubtless why
modern civilization runs so smoothly, why the wheels
turn so regularly in so many mills, the shafts are sunk
so deeply in so many mines, the forests are cut so
completely from so many mountain sides, and men
continue to spread out and multiply despite battles,
pestilences, labor wars, earthquakes, and explosions.”

IN the latter part of my address I had rather lost
control of myself, saying things I had not intended
to say, things I did not exactly mean. But my en-
thusiasm carried me along irresistibly, and it was not
until I was launched into mid-channel that I paused
for a glimpse of my audience and observed the stares
of amazement; the nods of incredulity and the frowns
of repulsion with which my words were received. Then
suddenly I was sorry, for now I remembered how once
before I had damaged my own cause by dwelling
indiscreetly upon the merits of the upper world. But
though I was following the wrong track I did not
know how to find the right one—for unless I described
our industrial and mechanical progress, what was there
for me to boast about? And so, face to face with an
impassable barrier, I faltered midway in my address,
hastily summarized, led up to a feeble peroration, and
confusedly took my seat.

  As I returned to Xanocles’ side, a strained silence
filled the air; and the shocked and even hostile glances
of the audiences showed how gravely I had harmed the
cause of Emergence.

  But though I personally had failed, Xanocles was
equal to the emergency. Springing to his feet during
the momentary lull that followed my fiasco, he caught
the attention of the chairwoman, and for the second
time was accorded permission to address the meeting.

  “Fellow citizens,” he began, while the full attention
of the assembled hundreds was focused upon him, “it
deeply grieves me to hear of the deplorable state of
affairs in the upper world. No doubt our friend has
unconsciously exaggerated, for it is incredible that,
after all these thousands of years, the unsubmerged
races should still be so primitive as he has indicated.
Yet we must accept his picture of conditions; we must
reluctantly admit that our fellows on earth are still
groping in the semi-savagery of the Age of Smoke and
Iron, from which we Atlanteans escaped three thousand
years ago.

  "But does that mean that we should ignore the upper
world? Does that mean that we, in the consciousness
of our superiority, should not reach out a helping
hand to our brothers? To forget them in their need'
would be unworthy of the disciples of Agripides! In-
deed, it is because of the very limitations of the upper
world that we must emerge!—it is because the people
are so deeply in need of assistance! Let us show them
the folly of their ways! Let us convert them to
the wisdom of Atlantis! Let us teach them that steel
and gold are but frail things after all! Let us send out
our missionaries among them, and bring them the
creed of Agripides! Do you not realize, fellow citizens,
THE SUNKEN WORLD

363

that such an opportunity has never before been thrust
at your door? For not only may you deliver the upper
world from its barbarities and teach it a true culture,
but you may show its peoples how to build glass walls
and submerge as we have submerged!"

  And in this wild vein Xanocles rambled on and on,
jvhile his hearers followed him with enthusiasm that
seemed gradually to mount to the point of conviction.

  Other arguments followed, which I will not weary
the reader with repeating; and after all who desired
it, had had their say, a vote was taken on Xanocles’
emergence proposal.

  To our great joy, the motion carried—carried by
the decisive ratio of almost two to one! The moment
of triumph, however, had not yet arrived; for, before
the measure could become operative, it had to be ap-
proved by a referendum of all the Atlanteans.

  That referendum, according to the law, could not
be held for at least thirty days, the interval being
considered necessary for discussion. Hence there en-
sued a most exciting thirty days for Xanocles and

of expressing in apt and pointed terms. But the desire
for discussion was particularly in evidence at the great
assemblies held daily at the Hall of Public Enlighten-
ment; and it was there that Xanocles and his fellow
“Debating Delegates” of the Emergence Party made
some of the most forceful and eloquent pleas I had
ever heard; and their rivals of the Submergence group
were scarcely less fervid in appealing for the time-
honored policies. These activities, I need hardly point
out, were not confined to one city, but were participated
in by all the eighteen cities of Atlantis; and numerous
speakers from outside points would arrive to address
the gatherings in Archeon, while occasionally Xanocles
or some other leader would leave to speak in neigh-
boring towns.

  Not least eager among the fighters for Emergence
were the thirty-nine members of the Upper World
Club. Indeed, it is certain that none of the older
members could have outdone us in enthusiasm or de-
termination. For we had more than an abstract prin-
ciple at stake—our entire future lay in the balance.

And the utter helplessness of their plight—and of ours—became tragically apparent when suddenly a great elongated gray mass came flying in
with the torrents from tho sea—a rescuing submarine that had been hurled in through the gap in the wall!

myself, as well as for all members of the parties of
Emergence and Submergence. Never in the past three
thousand years had so fundamental an issue been
brought before the people; for the first time since
the Good Destruction, the basic principles of Agrip-
ides were at stake!

  Since there were no newspapers in Atlantis, at least
one agency of political excitement was lacking. But
there were other agencies in abundance. Never—with
the exception of those dreadful days following the dis-
covery of the crack—had I seen the Atlanteans so agi-
tated. In all the houses and meetings that I visited,
the chief topic of conversation was the proposed
“Emergence Act”; every one was anxious to deliver

his opinion, and every one-man and woman alike,

- seemed to have an opinion, which he was capable

And while I personally was not eager to return to
earth just now (being detained by thought of a cer-
tain fair-haired, blue-eyed woman), yet most of my
comrades were almost passionately anxious to escape,
for as time went by they found themselves more and
more out of place in this too-perfect land, and in-
creasingly unable to perform the duties required of
them as citizens of Atlantis.

  But if they were dissatisfied with the Sunken World
and incapable of making any contribution to Atlantean
culture, they proved very competent when it came to
helping the cause of Emergence. Few of them were
sufficiently skilled in the language to speak in public
(Captain Gavison was an exception, and several times
expressed himself forcefully and to good effect); but
they were all adepts at private electioneering; and they
364

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

would stop every Atlantean they could inveigle into
conversation and plead the cause of Emergence. Fre-
quently, indeed, they did more harm than good; and
I remember that Stranahan repeated my own error,
and frightened away several prospective emergionists
by boastfully describing the magnitude of wars in the
upper world; and once I overheard Rawson draw an in-
voluntary cry of disgust from a hearer, when he tact-
lessly decanted upon the advantages of airplanes as
bomb throwers. But on the whole the men were well
coached by members of the Emergence party, and knew
enough to confine themselves to describing the beauty
of the upper world! Partly because of their aid, but
chiefly by virtue of the vigorous campaign being con-
ducted in all the four corners of Atlantis, we had
hopes that our revolutionary measure was to become
law.

CHAPTER XXX

Crucial Moments

AN election in Atlantis was seldom accompanied by
intense excitement. There was no registration,
for all citizens were permanently enrolled with
the population bureau; on election day all the men
and women of voting age (which means all who had
passed their High Initiation) appeared quietly at the
designated polling places to cast a secret ballot, or else
—if they preferred—they sent in their vote in writ-
ing two or three days earlier. The election boards then
slowly counted the votes, and the fate of the measure
(for laws were the only things passed on by the voters
of Atlantis) was disclosed at the Hall of Public En-
lightenment.

  But the Emergence proposal proved an exception to
the rule. Not a little agitation was apparent among
the men and women thronging to the election cham-
bers; and this agitation was heightened by the mem-
bers of the Upper World Club, who used earthly politi-
cal tactics by accosting the voters before they reached
the polls and showering them with final arguments
and pleas. It is doubtful whether these eleventh hour
efforts had any effect, and, indeed, the results showed
that they might have been spared; but at the time we
felt that our exertions had not been in vain, and dur-
ing the election and the days of suspense that fol-
lowed, we remained unwarrentedly hopeful.

  Then came the disillusioning blow. After three days,
the election results were announced in the Hall of
Public Enlightenment. Out of more than a third of
a million votes cast in all Atlantis, our party had
polled nearly a hundred and fifty thousand—yet had
failed by many thousands to equal the Submergence
total.

  Even so, we were not wholly discouraged. As
Xanocles pointed out, the cause of Emergence had
never before been able to attract one-tenth as many
voters; and we had reason to hope that we would
eventually bring the majority to our side. And no
sooner had the news of our defeat reached us than
we began to plan for further campaigns, for we were
determined not to abandon the fight so long as we
had breath with which to wage it.

  Yet in one respect, I was already regretting my
connection with the Emergence Party. My regrets, to
be sure, arose from purely non-political motives, and
could not make me alter my allegiance; but they were
none the less deep-rooted. To my surprise and chagrin,
I found that my campaigning activities were bringing
me into disfavor with Aelios. As one of Agripides’
staunch admirers and a devoted member of the Party
of Submergence, she looked with growing disapproval

upon my association with Xanocles and his kind; and
during those little conferences, which we had for the
supposed purpose of discussing my “History of the
Upper World,” she would take occasion to reprove me
mildly and even to suggest that my conduct savored of
disloyalty.

  Of course, I would plead my right as a citizen to
espouse any political cause that appealed to me; but
she would nod gravely with dissent. "Theoretically
you may have the right,” she would remind me, “but
don’t you think you are showing remarkably bad taste?
Remember, you came into our land uninvited, and have
been freely received as one of us, and given citizen-
ship and all the privileges of a native. And how do
you show your appreciation? By taking sides with
the party that would undermine our institutions; by
doing all you can to wreck the very country that suc-
cored you.”

  To this I would reply that I had no intention of
wrecking the country; that I was trying to further
its interests according to my own lights. And Aelios,
while not convinced that my own lights were the right
ones, would at least admit that my motives were sin-
cere; and having reached this halfway point of agree-
ment, we would invariably turn to less. provocative
subjects.

  But despite her disapproval of my Emergence views,
I had reason to be encouraged by her attitude toward
me. I saw her, while not often, at least often enough
to be assured of her friendship; and now and then I
caught in her eyes a bright, warm light which intimated
that what she felt might be more than friendship.
Yet it may merely have been that my desires passed
judgment for me, for not by a word or a gesture did
she give evidence that she regarded me otherwise than
as one kindly disposed human being may regard an-
other; and the occasional hints of some gentler emo-
tion were so rare and so fleeting that I could not be
sure. And so, as best I could, I restrained my impa-
tience, at first never seriously believing that I could
aspire to her height, then gradually fanning faint
hopes that remained concealed beneath the mantle of
my diffidence. It was long before we even approached
the subject of love; and meanwhile, we would speak
of impersonal things, or personal things securely buried
in the past, and nothing in my words would give hint
of the passion flaming to life within me, while in her
words I saw the traces only of a vivid and beauty-
loving mind serenely unconscious of sex.

BUT even in Atlantis it was impossible that we
should cont.’nue to see one another and yet retain
a merely placid brother-and-sister attitude. How it
was with her I do not know, but I was the son of a
world whose passions burn gustily and strong; and I
was becoming almost painfully obsessed with the
thought of her, and would be given to long fits of
melancholy in her absence, while at times in her pres-
ence I would be tantalized by her passionless calm, and
would feel the old sweet primitive prompting to slip
my arms about her, and enfold her as one might
enfold the Ultimate. But always I would restrain my-
self, for how be sure of the reaction of this daughter
of an alien civilization? How be sure that embraces
and caresses would not be repulsive to the Atlanteans?
And so, though possessed by the thought of her, as
by some exquisite perfume that provokes and allures,
I repressed my eagerness for many, many months,
awaiting that opportunity which in the end, I felt
sure, time and circumstance must provide.

  And in the end my patience was rewarded, and I
was favored unexpectedly by one of those occasions
THE SUNKEN WORLD

365

which life, if left quietly to itself, seems usually to
offer to lovers.

  It was after one of my rare and delightful after-
noons with Aelios, that the supreme event occurred.
We had been strolling together about the city, and
had gone for a moment’s rest into the “Temple of the
Stars,” that majestic edifice in which Rawson and I
had been trapped so long before. Seated on a stone
bench in the darkness, we gazed awe-stricken at the
spectacle above us—the whole glittering panorama of
the night-skies, almost as I had beheld them so many
times on earth. And as I peered up at the image of
those heavens I could hardly hope to see again, a sad
and reminiscent mood came over me; I could fancy
myself once more on earth, and was wistful for all
that earth contained; I missed the friends I had
known, the sparkle of the sunshine, the magnificence
of white-throated mountains: I longed for the bluster
and cannonade of tempests, the icy tingling of the
snow, the splashing and foamy turbulence of the
ocean. And Aelios, although she had never known
these things and could scarcely imagine what they
meant, was strangely responsive to my mood, and
seemed even to feel my melancholy. She asked me
gently about the world I had left, and how it felt to
wander among the great cities of the earth, and how
it felt to hear the purling of mountain brooklets or to
sit on a grassy knoll with the great sun blazing in the
blue above. And, remembering all that I had seen and
heard before my captivity in Atlantis, I described to
Aelios what my life had been, and told of my adven-
tures and wanderings, my happy childhood and youth
and early manhood; and I drew upon my imagination
for gorgeous pictures of the upper world, and painted
the home I had lost as little less than a Paradise.

  “Ah, now I see why you’ve joined the Emergence
Party,” Aelios remarked, her face glowing dimly in
the near-starlight, and her eyes soft with a kindly
luster. “Of course, you must sometimes wish yourself
back among all those wonderful scenes you left.”
“Sometimes, indeed, I am sorry,” said I, in low
tones and reminiscently. “Sometimes I almost wish
to be again in my native land. But there are other
times when I am glad, very glad to be here, and when
I would not go back to my own country if I could—
not if you offered me the whole world.”

  “And when is that?” asked Aelios. “When you are
in the beautiful buildings here, or look at the exquisite
statuary?”

  “Yes, sometimes then,” I replied. “But not only
then. There are other exquisite things that make me
wish to stay.”

  "Yes, I can understand,” she declared, apparently
still innocent of the trend of my remarks. “The paint-
ings, for example, or the colonnades, or-”

  “No, not only that,” I interrupted. “There is some-
thing more personal, more human—something that—”
Here I hesitated, hardly able to proceed, for I realized
that I was approaching an embarrassing climax.

  “You mean then, that you like the people here?” she
volunteered, still with perfect candor.

   “Yes, indeed I like the people!” I vowed, fervently.
“And one person in particular!”

  If this remark had been intended to evoke a tell-
tale reply, it was to fail signally. “Oh, I am glad you
are so attached to your friends!” she responded,
whether innocently or with calculating cleverness I
could not say, since the darkness concealed any blush
that may have suffused her face.

  “But don’t you understand, Aelios?” I persisted.
“Don’t you know whom in particular I mean?”

  The note of surprise in her answer was either gen-

unine or else was born of remarkably skilful acting.
“How should I know whom you mean? Am I with you
often enough to know all your friends?”

  She was making matters difficult for me. But, hav-
ing reached this tactical position, I was determined
not to surrender. “Why, Aelios,” I countered, “whom
should you imagine that I have for my particular
friend? Whom but yourself?

  “Myself?” she repeated, in sheer astonishment.
“Myself?”

T^OR a moment there was silence; but this time I
A felt that there could be no doubt about the blush
that mounted to her face. And at length she turned to
me with softly, smoldering eyes and the assurance of
victory entered my heart and then swiftly receded as
she murmured, bashfully, “I am pleased, very much
pleased, to know you feel that way. It is a great
compliment to me, and I am very proud—for nothing
in Atlantis is held more precious than friendship.”

  Oh, but it is not only friendship!” I remonstrated,
wondering if it were possible that she still misunder-
stood. “It’s not only friendship, Aelios! It is love!”

  “Love?” she echoed, in low tones of surprise; and
another long silence followed, while I waited eagerly
for the words that did not come, and she averted her
head so that not even the dimly glowing eyes were
visible. Then, when the suspense was becoming em-
barrassing, I found hesitating speech, which gradually
grew more fluent and assured; and all the pent-up emo-
tions of months welled forth and forced a passionate
torrent from my tongue, so vehement as to surprise
even myself. I told her how immeasurably dear she
had become; how she had been for me the central
light of all this strange world; how she had soothed
my loneliness, dispersed my despair, and given me
hope and a reason for living; how my life could have
meaning and beauty only if she had a share in it, while
without her all things would be desolate and blank.
All this and much more I poured forth in an eager
rhapsody, not pausing to reflect that I was but re-
peating the sentiments of a million lovers; and the
strength of my feelings perhaps lent wings to my
commonplace words, and gave them a power that no
analysis could reveal. Or perhaps it was that At-
lantean lovers never expressed themselves as do lovers
on earth; for even in the darkness I was aware
that Aelios was listening, listening intently, listening
almost with a breathless interest, as though she had
never heard or imagined words such as mine.

  After I had finished, she seemed still held in some
spell of speechlessness. For several tense seconds
slow-dragging portentous seconds that seemed minutes
long, I waited for her to break silence. But when her
response came, it was in passionless tones that con-
trasted oddly with my emotion; and with an accentua-
tion so feeble as to resemble a whisper, she declared,
All this that you say seems strange to me, very very
strange. You speak of love, but I fear I do not under-
stand. Perhaps love in your land is not the same as
here, for I am sure that what you speak of is not what
we would call love.”

  “And what would you call love?” I asked.

  “It is something that hardly needs a name. It is
like none of those momentary attachments that men
and women sometimes feel. It is something that wraps
one’s whole being in a mighty flame, and is born
chiefly of a kinship of the mind and heart; and when
it comes, it need not be much spoken of, but can never
be forgotten or lost.”

  “That’s just what I feel toward you, Aelios!” I as-
sured her, fervently.
366

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

  "But I do not know if it is what I feel toward
you,” she returned, simply. "I do not know—I cannot
yet be sure.”

  “But you think that perhaps—that perhaps some-
time—” I gasped, wild hope springing to life within
me.

  "Yes, perhaps sometime—I cannot say,” she mur-
mured, slowly.

  But in her tones was the assurance of that which
her expressed words denied; and, with the exultation
of unlooked for success, I at last flung myself free
of restraint, and my arms found their way about her
slim, resisting form.

  But somehow she slipped free of my clasp, and
stood dimly outlined before me in the shadows, her-
self no more than a shadow in this unreal world.

  “Not yet, my lover, not yet,” she forbade, in gentle
tones that gave no indication of the hurt feelings I
had feared.

  "But when, Aelios?” I demanded, baffled, but far
from discouraged. “When—when may we get mar-
ried?”

  “Not yet, not yet for a while—if ever,” she decided.
“We must wait, we must wait until we are both quite
certain.” She paused, then added casually, "Besides,
remember, you have a duty to perform—an all-im-
portant duty with which neither your own pleasure
nor your love must interfere.”

  "But what after I have performed that duty? What
after my work is completed? Will you then—”

  “I will then be willing to listen to you again,” was
all she would vouchsafe. “Come, let us be going
now.”

  And she started for the door, while I followed awk-
wardly, since she knew the way much better than I.
And, once outside, she began speaking impersonally
about the art of the colonnades and marble galleries,
and seemed to have forgotten entirely the subject
that had been absorbing us. But in her eyes was an
unusual sparkle, and in her cheeks an unwonted glow;
and after I had left her and she had gone tripping out
of sight, I pursued my way thoughtfully homeward,
my steps made buoyant by a hope I once would not
have dared to entertain.

CHAPTER XXXI
“The History of the Upper World”

1HAD been in Atlantis two years before I had com-
pleted my “History of the Upper World.” Consid-
ering the magnitude of the task, it surprises me
now to remember that I finished it so quickly, for not
only was it longer than three average-sized volumes,
but I was retarded by writing it in an adopted tongue
and by having to work exclusively from memory and
without reference books other than the Atlantean dic-
tionaries. But six or seven hours of daily application
is certain to show results even though one works
slowly;

  It was indeed a proud day, and yet a day of many
doubts, when I bore the finished manuscript to the
office of the Literary Registrar. This official, assisted
by a board of fifteen recognized writers and critics,
passed upon all literary works submitted by the
authors of Atlantis; and all books found worthy of
perpetuation were published under his direction, while
unstinted advice and criticism was given to promising
aspirants. In the case of my own book, there could
be no doubt as to publication, for not only had I been
specifically directed to write it, but all Atlantis was
eagerly awaiting the information it was expected to
convey. None the less, it had to undergo the regular

procedure of inspection by the Registrar; and, as it
happened, this was more than a fruitless formality.
Before the manuscript was given to the press a trained
essayist was appointed to help me reconstruct the
style; and, thanks to his assistance, my writing at-
tained a dignity and polish I myself could never have
supplied.

  But when at last the publication of the book was
ordered, I had good reason to be gratified. An edition
of fifty thousand was to be issued—an edition of phe-
nomenal size considering that the population of Atlan-
tis was only half a million.

  Naturally, I sought to know the reason for this
enormous printing; and I learned much as to book
distribution in the Sunken World. Publication, like
all other activities, was solely in the hands of the gov-
ernment; and copies of all the hundreds of books
issued each year were sent as a matter of course to
every library in the land. Moreover, every citizen
was permitted his choice of any fifty of the year’s
books, the receipt of which was considered not a priv-
ilege but a right; and men and women engaged in re-
search work were allowed in excess of fifty if they
made plain their need of the additional volumes. In
the case of my own book, public interest was at such
a pitch, that a large percentage of the people were
certain to include it among their chosen fifty; and
the first edition was therefore regarded as conserva-
tive in size rather than excessive.

  So, in fact, it proved. The book was hardly off the
press when orders began to pour in so rapidly that
a second edition of fifty thousand had to be prepared.
For it was literally true that every one was reading
“The History of the Upper World”; and when I say
every one, I do not mean one man out of every hun-
dred, as might be the case were I writing on the earth;
I mean that there was actually not a person of reading
age who did not feel bound to acquaint himself with
the contents of my book.

  In consequence, I found my life taking on a tinge
of unwonted excitement. The notoriety of successful
authorship was mine—and the satisfaction of one who
finds himself the center of a storm of his own crea-
tion. For it was with a start of surprise, a gasp of
incredulity and a wail of horror that Atlantis read
the news of the upper world. Previously, when I had
let loose a few hints as to life on earth, I had wit-
nessed some curious reactions; but the former be-
wilderment and disgust of the people now seemed
insignificant by comparison. It would be impossible
to convey any idea of their repugnance to earthly life
as I portrayed it; it was almost as if they had learned
that we had gone back on all fours, or had joined the
orang-utan and the gibbon in the trees; and the dozens
of letters I received, the dozens of visitors that poured
in upon me, and the dozens of inquiries addressed to
me at public meetings, all gave evidence of a single
but profound emotion: a sense of wonder and of re-
vulsion at the degeneracy of the upper world.

  Perhaps the clearest proof of the general attitude
was to be seen in the reviews of the book—reviews
which, unlike earthly criticism, were not printed, but
were delivered orally before gatherings at the Hall of
Public Enlightenment.

LET me quote, for example, from a typical address.
The speaker was Thermanides, a well known
writer on social and philosophic questions; and his
views regarding the upper world were milder in many
ways than those of his audience. Speaking before an
assemblage of four or five hundred, he showed him-
THE SUNKEN WORLD

367

self to be precise and thorough in his acquaintance
with my book.

  "Since we have no reason to believe that the author
has deliberately exaggerated,” he declared, after sum-
marizing the contents, “we must accept the picture of
upper world life as he presents it. And what, there-
fore, must we conclude? That Agripides was wise,
wonderfully wise, when he urged us to submerge.
There can hardly be any more distressing subject
than the history of the earth; even the most daring
satirist, playing upon his imagination to expose the
stupidity of the human race, could not offer a blacker
picture of follies, crimes and inanities than Anson
Harkness has painted for us in all seriousness. For
what do we find to be the outstanding historical facts
as he depicts them? Has the human race gone con-
tinuously forward, forgetting its savage instincts in
perfecting a civilization at once beautiful and secure?
—has man come to look on man otherwise than as
beast looks on beast?—or has society come to be com-
posed of nothing more than a clothed jungle pack?
No, my friends—unfortunately no, if we would believe
the volume before us. Slave-raids and wars; rebel-
lions and murders; conquest and persecution; treachery
and rapine and wholesale exploitation; dynasties that
crumble and empires that decompose—these are the
sign-posts of the past three thousand years; and evi-
dently there has been no concerted or intelligent effort
to create other and less revolting landmarks.

  "Yet though the darkness seems impenetrable, I can
see one faint glimmer of hope. In the self-satisfied
blindness of the upper world reposes the possible solu-
tion. It is not a solution altogether pleasing to con-
template, but it is the sort of cleansing remedy that
nature will sometimes provide when a wound has fes-
tered beyond possibility of healing. For if no ordi-
nary cure be attainable, life will sometimes take the
sword into her own hands, and with one blow wipe
out all her old mistakes, and with one blow bring an-
nihilation. It is that stroke which, it seems to me,
is about to fall upon the upper world man, smiting
his rancorous and lopsided civilization, and turning
against his own throat that knife with which he
thinks to gouge out the eyes of his foe. And this is
perhaps well, my friends, for after earthly man has
committed suicide, the world will be ready for a pop-
ulation of less shortsighted and quarrelsome creatures,
be they only beetles or ants!”

  And with a thankful gesture, as of one who lectures
on the impending extinction of cannibalism, the speaker
returned to his seat; while, much to my chagrin, I
noted that his words had apparently found high favor
with his audience. And those that arose in the en-
suing discussion were not less narrow-minded than the
principal reviewer himself; they seemed to imagine
that my book had been intended as a sort of cata-
logue of horrors instead of as a restrained and ver-
acious history; and either they suggested that I must
have exaggerated hopelessly, or else they agreed that
the upper world was so decadent that a second "Good
Destruction” would be desirable. “Blood-curdling,”
"Sepulchral,” “An able story of depravity and crime,”
"The last word in thrills and terror”—these were some
of the expressions used by the various commentators;
and, to judge from their remarks, one might have
thought that I had written a popular novel of mystery
and murder instead of a sober history.

  But while all Atlantis was reading the book and
being provoked and shocked by my most commonplace
statements, I was surprised to observe one effect which
I deplored even more than the gross misunderstanding
of upper world standards and ideals. For the “His-

tory” had acted like a bombshell against the Party of
Emergence! Deserters from our standards were now
legion, and in a few weeks we had lost all that we
had gained following the discovery of the crack in the
wall. It was as if the people had been frightened by
my picture of the lands above seas, frightened so that
they wished to shun all contact with the earth as
they might shun things unclean and evil; and despite
all that Xanocles and the other Emergence leaders
could do, it was impossible to shake the masses free
of this ridiculous attitude. At a test vote of an
Emergence measure two months after the appearance
of the “History of the Upper World,” we were defeated
more decisively than even our foes had predicted, de-
feated by the overwhelming ratio of ten to one!—And,
in my disappointment and self-accusing despair, I bit-
terly regretted that I had not written my book from
a less realistic point of view, for I knew that nothing
short of a catastrophe or a miracle could now open
up the lanes back to the earth.

CHAPTER XXXII

A Happy Consummation

NOT many months after the publication of the
“History of the Upper World” there occurred a
vastly more important event. At least, it was
vastly more important to me, and constituted the most
fortunate episode of all my life in Atlantis. Ever
since that encouraging talk with Aelios in “The Temple
of the Stars,” I had been drawing gradually nearer to
her; and by slow and unconscious degrees, so subtle
that we ourselves could hardly note the change, we
seemed to be entering upon the role of lovers. There
was no emotional demonstration, and no deliberate
reference to love, for in Atlantis it was considered un-
dignified to express any casual amorous sentiments;
but at times, in her eyes I would catch that reassuring
look I had noted at rare intervals before, and in our
increasingly frequent meetings, her manner seemed to
be tinged by something indefinably wistful and yet in-
definably gentle, that I had not previously observed.

  It might be imagined that the appearance and wide
discussion of my book would have had an adverse
effect upon her; but, fortunately, I had shown her
many chapters before publication, and the contents
were no surprise to her. And while she was at one
with her people in loathing the upper world, she could
hardly blame me for the conditions I depicted. Indeed,
she was soon to give proof that she did not consider
me in the least a partner in the supposed backwardness
of my race.

  I do not now recall the precise circumstances that
led up to the climax; I only know that it was on one
of my numerous visits to her home, when we were
alone together in the tapestried room of the pale blue
lanterns. Nothing had suggested to me in advance
that our interview today was to differ from our pre-
vious interviews, and certainly nothing could have sug-
gested such a thought to her; but somehow the con-
versation drifted into unexpected channels, and we
found ourselves provocatively near the subject of love;
and somehow her words (though I cannot now re-
member their trend) stirred up all my checked and
slumbering emotions, forced down the barriers of my
reserve, filled me with a sudden and unlooked for
courage, and urged my lips to frame words that I
had not premeditated then. And almost as much to
my own surprise as to hers, I found myself proposing
that she marry me!

  But was my rashness appropriately punished? Far
from it. What was my amazement, and what my
368

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

delight, when she looked up at me with trustful, grave
blue eyes and quietly consented!

  And yet it all seemed so simple that it might have
been an everyday occurrence! She had taken my pro-
posal almost as a matter of course, almost as if she
had expected it; but at the same time the exalted and
happy light in her eyes showed that she was far from
indifferent.

  “I was not sure before,” she murmured, simply,
after my first rapturous exclamations. “But now I
am quite certain. We will be all in all to one another,
will we not, my beloved?”

  I forgot just how I replied; I have an impression
that my arms performed some lively antics, with
Aelios as their goal, and that anything I said must
have been merely incidental.

  “When shall the day be, Aelios?” I asked, when I
was again in a mood for discussion. “When do you
say ?”

  “When do you want me to say?” she returned, as
though surprised at my query. “If we are both sure,
what is the use of delaying?”

  And, by dint of further questioning, I learned that
long engagements were unknown in Atlantis. Although
usually so slow-going and leisurely, the natives seemed
to me singularly hasty in this one regard; and once
two people had decided upon marriage, it was not
customary to allow more than the few days1, interval
necessary for the preparations. It had always been
so in Atlantis,. Aelios explained, and she could not
imagine how it could be otherwise, for why subject
the young couple to the unnatural tension of waiting,
and why make love ridiculous by arbitrarily starving
it?

  Previously, when I had dared to think of the pos-
sibility of marriage with Aelios, I had half reconciled
myself to the prospect of a long engagement, since
observation had taught me nothing of Atlantean mar-
riage customs, and I had imagined that an interval at
least of months, might be considered proper. And so I
was a little bewildered by the unexpected imminence
of our union; I was like a man who, long blind, has
suddenly beheld a flash of .light; and it took me a
little while to adjust myself to the startling new un-
folding vistas.

TO begin with, I was not sure quite what was ex-
pected of me. Should I present Aelios with a
ring or similar trinket such as was customary on
earth? or was some more elaborate gift deemed neces-
sary? In my perplexity, I consulted Xanocles, who
merely smiled at my doubts. "Marriage with us,” he
explained, “is not treated as a form of barter; nor
is it a bargain wherein precious articles must be given
as sureties. We have long ago stamped out of our
marriage system all traces of its primitive origin-
al! traces of that old custom which regarded it merely
as a contract of sale, and which in the beginning de-
manded the parental receipt of cattle or other material
property, and later required rings or similar baubles
as a tender of the purchase price if not as a pledge
of good faith. When two of our people are married,
they would consider it degrading to be expected to give
anything beyond themselves.”

  But even after I had been relieved on this important
subject, there was still much that troubled me. Aelios
had decided that but eight days were to intervene be-
fore the ceremony (this being about the usual time);
and, despite all my joyous anticipations, I trembled
just a little at the thought that I was so soon to ex-
change my known if monotonous bachelor life for an
unknown career as Atlantean husband. But, fortu-

nately, my hours were so completely occupied that I
had little chance to be disturbed by doubts. For one
thing, I spent a great deal of time with Aelios; for
another thing, I was much entertained by my friends,
who were astonished and yet loudly congratulatory
upon hearing the news, and insisted upon putting me
through long ordeals of questions, laughter, and ami-
able chaffing remarks. An entire meeting of the Upper
World Club was given over to a celebration alleged to
be in my honor; and President Gavison, after unbend-
ing from his official sternness to wish me luck in terms
that I thought just a little wistful and a little reminis-
cent of his own lost happiness, was followed in quick
succession by the various other club members, all of
whom strove to express themselves with appropriate
levity. Had there been such a thing as an intoxicant
in Atlantis, I am sure that we would have had a merry
old time; but, for lack of the proper stimulants, the
men had to be content with their questionable jests,
with poking me mirthfully in the ribs, with slapping
me heartily on the back, with expressing the wish
that they might be in my shoes (or, rather, sandals,
since these were the only footwear in Atlantis), and
with laughing and guffawing in a generally irresponsi-
ble and uproarious manner.

  But as the few remaining days slid by, did I have
no thought of her whom I had left on earth? Did I
not think of Alma Huntley, she to whom I had once
pledged devotion? Perhaps I should be ashamed, but
I am not, to say that the memory of her scarcely en-
tered my mind. She was no more than a shadow in
a world that was daily growing more shadowy, in an
existence I had outlived and could not expect to re-
enter; and if at times she would obtrude herself
before me like a dim melancholy presence without
color or form, such occasions were growing increas-
ingly rare; and now that Aelios seemed so near and
our two lives were so soon to be fused, Alma was ob-
scured as a pale star is obscured by the sunlight;
and all the torrents of my being welled up tumultu-
ously toward Aelios, and it seemed as if her com-
panionship and her love were the only love or compan-
ionship I had ever known or desired.

  And how near I was to enjoying that companionship
for life became vividly apparent to me about three
days after we had reached our decision. Then it was
that Aelios and I, in accordance with the custom of
the land, visited the local housing bureau, which was
to assign us to our new lodgings. After we had duly
placed our names side by side in a great venerable-
looking ledger wherein all the wedded couples of the
past hundred years were enrolled, we passed an ex-
citing afternoon in the company of the chief housing
representative, who showed us all the available dwell-
ing places with the same obliging courtesy as when I
had selected my bachelor quarters. As on the former
occasion, there were so many desirable locations that
the choice was difficult; and on passing each new
threshold, Aelios would pause with a little cry of
wonder or surprise, and would point in admiration to
some distinctive feature of arrangement or decora-
tion. Needless to say, I too was dazzled and delighted;
particularly since I had previously seen only apart-
ments designed for single people. • None of these homes
were very large; indeed, most of them had but three or
four rooms in addition to the roof sleeping chambers
and the almost invariable central court; but they were
the most home-like little nooks one could imagine,
and were made attractive not only by the lawns and
flowering gardens that surrounded them, but by their
tastefully furnished rooms, whose lamps and tapestries
and statuary were never too lavish or ornate and yet
THE SUNKEN WORLD

369

always gave an effect at once picturesque and cozy.

  Our choice was in favor of a little butterfly-shaped
dwelling, with silvery walls inlaid with mother-of-
pearl and liigh-arched windows surrounded by vivid
bands of stained glass. The interior appeared entranc-
ing to us both, for not only were the walls and ceilings
frescoed as though by a master hand, but the painted
designs were matched by the very rugs on the floor
and the draperies that screened the doorways; while
a little statue-lined fountain that bubbled perpetually
in the court fascinated us both by its rainbow glim-
mering showers of spray.

  "You may move in any time after your names are
registered in the Marriage Book,’’ said the housing
representative, when we had notified him of our de-
cision and he had duly recorded it. “But if ever you
should find this house unsatisfactory, you have only
to enter your complaint, and if possible we will pro-
vide you with another dwelling. But meanwhile this
will be regarded as your official residence.”

AND with these words the housing representative
bowed a gracious retreat, while Aelios and I
were left to inspect the home that was so soon to be
ours.

  With the enthusiasm of children we examined every
nook and corner, growing constantly more excited as
our search proceeded. Aelios was radiant; I had never
seen her eyes sparkle more brightly, her cheeks glow
more vividly; and I realized as never before how
extraordinarily fortunate I was.

  And it seemed as if her emotions corresponded with
mine! "Is it not the strangest whim of fate,” she
asked, "that you have come down here to me, my be-
loved? How easily I might have missed you! How
easily we might each have gone through life not know-
ing that the other existed!”

  "So it has been with all lovers since the world be-
gan,” I returned. “Even in Atlantis, love must al-
ways seem a miracle.”

  “Even in Atlantis, it always is a miracle,” she
amended; and she looked up at me with a smile so
luminous and trustful, so kindly and so tinged with a
rapturous emotion, that I could not but admit that
she was right.

  The days that followed this delightful interview are
but a blur in my memory. Although every hour was
slow-footed with the suspense and the waiting, it
seems to me that but a moment elapsed between our
departure from our chosen home and our happy re-
turn ... the intervening events are all obscured by that
never-to-be-forgotten morning when Aelios and I en-
tered the office of the Local Adviser and were officially
united.

  The actual ceremony was insignificant—indeed, there
was no ceremony at all. We had merely to record our
names for a second time, writing them in the Mar-
riage Book which the housing representative had men-
tioned—an enormously thick volume bound in blue and
gold, with thousands of pages, of which one was de-
voted to the history of each marriage. There were
no questions asked us; there were no high-sounding
formulas to be spoken by clockwork; there were no
official representatives of saintliness to offer dogmatic
advice; there were no vows to be taken, no promises
to be made, no witnesses to gape or snicker, no pom-
pous giving or receiving of the bride. We merely fur-
nished the State with that record which it required,
and did so without having to purchase a preliminary
printed tag by way of permission; and after we had
entered our names in the book, we were not insulted
with any attempt to sanctify proceedings with words

of antique witchcraft, nor humiliated by any implica-
tion that our own feelings would not amply solemnize
the day.

  Of course, if we desired to celebrate our nuptials
with a festival of any sort, that was our privilege—a
privilege which the State would recognize by providing
an appropriate hall for the day. And, as it happened,
most bridal couples availed themselves of this right:
We were no exception, for when our marriage had
been officially recorded, we repaired to a flower-decked
chamber where a few of Aelios’ friends and relatives
were awaiting us. And after receiving greetings and con-
gratulations, we did not pass our time in feasting or
drinking, nor in making merry nor in riotous jests; but
we danced for a while a sedate dance timed to ethereal
strains of music; and later we all sat quietly about
the room, Aelios at my side and the others on mats
and sofas opposite, while the lights were subdued, and
we listened to a still more ethereal music, which rose
and quavered in a voice of joy like the notes of mel-
odious birds, then faintly trilled like a far-off elfin call
or throbbed and sang in an organ-burst of ecstasy,
until one was moved almost to tears by the revealed
poignancy and beauty of life, and came to look upon
love with a new reverence and a new wonder.

CHAPTER XXXIII

The Flood Gates Open

WHEN I look back now upon my life in Atlantis,
my sojourn there seems to divide itself into two
periods, of which the longer and by far the
more tranquil, dates from my union with Aelios. In
the new-found contentment of our marriage—and ours
was no exception to the rule—we seemed to lose track
of time; and months and years began gliding by at a
smooth and even pace that was particularly deceptive
because there were no seasons to mark the change and
there were no outstanding events to serve as land-
marks.

  Perhaps the secret lay in the fact that Aelios and
I were both amply occupied; for in the hours when
we were not together, we each had our own work to
keep us busy. Aelios still tutored for several hours a
day, and still led in the dances at public festivals; for
in Atlantis no distinction was made between a mar-
ried and a single woman, except in the event of
motherhood; and even a mother, while released from
her prescribed duties, was expected to keep alive a
broad interest in life, by performing some optional
services.

  For my own part, I was no less busy than Aelios,
for after I had completed my “History of the Upper
World,” I had again been summoned by the Com-
mittee on Selective Assignments, and had been directed
to write a treatise on “Social Traditions and Institu-
tions in the Upper World,” wherein I might describe
conditions above seas in greater detail than in my
previous book. This task, although far from uncon-
genial, was proving both lengthy and laborious, for I
tried to cover every modern country; and the further
I proceeded the harder the work became, for the more
I learned of Atlantis the more difficult it appeared
to represent the earth in a light that was not merely
pitiable.

  I was now quite reconciled to passing my remain-
ing days in Atlantis. Although Xanocles and his col-
leagues persisted with their agitation, the cause of
Emergence was dwindling in my mind to an impossible
dream; and, had it not been for the cataclysm which
aroused us all to frenzied action, I might have been
content to grow gray and wrinkled in the Sunken
370

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

World. For now that Aelios was mine, I found that
life was far richer than ever bfeore; that not only was
I steeped in pleasurable activity amid a delightful en-
vironment, but that there was an almost charmed ab-
sence of strain and hurry, and a leisure and serenity
that would once have seemed the attributes only of a
Nirvana.

  It is true, of course, that I could not escape all the
ordinary physical ills of life. Once, for example, when
my awkwardness betrayed me in an athletic contest
and I suffered a broken arm, I was conducted to a
State hospital, where a State physician skilfully treated
my injury; and once when the incessant golden glare
began to tell upon my eyes, I had to visit a State occu-
list, who relieved the strain by prescribing a pair of
wide-rimmed amber-tinged glasses.

  My appearance was changing, moreover, in other
ways than the mere addition of glasses. I was ac-
quiring a long beard, largely owing to the habit formed
during my first days in Atlantis; and my complexion
was taking on a curious greenish tint, due to some
peculiar action of the Atlantean light—an action to
which the Atlanteans themselves had inherited im-
munity. But I was not alone in my queer pistache com-
plexion; there were exactly thirty-eight others who
could show the same distinctive pigmentation; and so
marked was the coloration that, as the men sometimes
declared, our origin was “written on our skins.”

  My fellow members of the Upper World Club mean-
while did not share my liking for Atlantis. As time
went by, in fact, they seemed to care less and less
for their adopted country. With the exception of
Gavison, who had written a brief but popular treatise
on “Navigation on Upper World Waters” and a not less
popular “Comparison of Upper and Lower World Civi-

lizations,” there was not one of my former shipmates
who was adapting himself to life in Atlantis or who
was not remiss in his obligations as a citizen. While
they had all acquired at least a rudimentary knowledge
of the language and were all reasonably successful in
performing some prescribed mechanical task for two
or three hours a day, yet none of them had accom-
plished anything in any of those artistic or intellectual
pursuits which alone were considered worth while in
Atlantis. For how, indeed, could they hope to con-
form to the standards of a world that had so little
in common with their own? Apparently the natives did
not even expect them to conform, and tolerated lapses
that would have been considered disgraceful in born
Atlanteans; but they themselves appeared to feel that
they were somehow inferior, somehow out of place;
and much of their restlessness, and much of their
longing to escape, is to be explained by the desire for
a less ideal but more familiar mode of life.

CONSIDERING the eagerness with which my com-
panions would have exchanged the ease of Atlan-
tis for even the most strenuous labors and hardships
of the earth, it seems ironic that the man ultimately
chosen to emerge, was he whose marriage to an At-
lantean had made him more than resigned to the
Sunken World. My sole excuse is that the choice, when
it fell upon me, was made wholly upon the suggestion
of others, and occurred at a time of such acute public
peril that the happiness or fate of individuals was
as nothing.

  For the hour was to come—and to come with start-
ling suddenness—when a fateful writing was to glare
from the walls of Atlantis. I had been in the Sunken
World seven full years when the menace burst forth.

. . Almost bcforo I realized that tho ultimate moment had come, I found myself assisting Aelios up the half-submerged gangplank and on to
the deck of tho grim- low-lying, shadowy ship. ... we mounted to the dcck, cast a last glance at the darkness that hid the marble temples of

                                    Atlantis, and waved for tho last time to tho dim watching figures.
THE SUNKEN WORLD

371

and I was not there seven days after it appeared . . .
But in the interval I was a witness to scenes of such
havoc, such horror, confusion and despair as I had
never seen before and fervently hope I shall never
see again.

  It torments me now to recall that all that terror
and all that irremediable loss might have been avoided,
had we but heeded the advice of Peliades, Peliades
who insisted that the crack in the wall had not been
adequately repaired. . . .

  But let me not anticipate. I must describe as dis-
passionately as I can those everwhelming events which
descended like lightning to blast Atlantean life, and
which are so disturbing even in memory that my pen
trembles and my startled mind takes fresh alarm.
Merely to try to record those distracting days and
nights is to be obsessed as by an old madness; I can
feel a paralyzing dread spreading once more through
all my nerves; I can feel my brain grow numb, my
eyes grow strained and distended, my arteries throb
with delirious haste. And all the while confused
visions come swarming across my mind—visions of
roaring vigils by lamplit walls of glass, visions of
huddled faces, weeping or praying or with terror-
stricken eyes, visions of thundering waters, panicky
flights, submerged temples and inundated plains; and
it all seems like some nightmare I dreamt long ago,
yet more vivid than any nightmare, for there are sobs
and lamentations that echo even now in my memory,
and pleading lips that shall never stir again, and
agonized eyes that peer at me like phantoms which
will hot be exorcised.

  Long before, in moments of aimless fancy, I had
sought to picture to myself the end of the world; to
imagine the consternation and horror of an earth mad-
dened by dread of impending doom. But I had never
thought that I myself would be the spectator of a
crumbling universe . . .

  As in the case of the crack in the wall years before,
the danger appeared with devastating suddenness. One
moment, all was tranquil; the next moment, the Sunken
World was in a frenzy. I remember that one after-
noon Aelios and I had gone to the Agripides Theatre
to witness a performance of some sort (its -precise
nature has slipped from my mind); and it was at the
close of the first act that the warning came. From
the unexplained absence of the chorus that usually
sang during intermissions, I might have suspected
that something was wrong; but actually I was without
misgivings until suddenly a great burnished, silvery
horn—the horn of the Autophone!—was lifted quietly
on the stage.

  At this unexpected sight, a stab of alarm darted
through me; Aelios seized my hand and held it as if
for reassurance; the audience sat rigid and tense, like
persons who behold a ghost. For an instant we heard
no sound, except for the quick breathing of our neigh-
bors; then the strained silence was broken by an un-
canny hollow voice that issued sonorously as if from
nowhere.

  "A great misfortune has befallen,” announced the
unseen, in tones that sounded almost sepulchral. “The
crack in the glass wall has re-appeared, but this time
it is of more serious proportions than before.”

  The voice faltered for an instant and halted, while
murmurs of dismay, terror and unbelief shuddered
through the audience.

  And in a more deliberate and even graver manner
the speaker continued: “Late last evening our naviga-
tors observed that the Salty River was higher than
usual; and an investigating party sent out to-day by
the High Chief Adviser has discovered that the wall

has actually given way at one point, and that the water
is pouring in through a fissure several feet across.
There is as yet no cause for despair, for the surplus
water, while highly inconvenient, can be disposed of
by the reserve capacity of our intra-atomic pumps,
which are equipped for all ordinary emergencies and
can discharge fifty per cent more than their usual
delivery. But there is danger that the break will ex-
pand before repairs can be made; and for this reason
the High Chief Adviser requests that you try to meet
the situation courageously, and freely enlist your
brains and your services till the peril is overcome.”

IT would be impossible to convey any idea of the
commotion which these words created. The people
did indeed follow the High Chief Adviser’s advice to
be courageous, for there was no more than a hint of
that panic which one might have expected. But there
could be no further thought of the performance in
the theatre. After an instant’s chill silence, the audi-
ence arose with one accord; and men’s faces were
blanched and women could be heard muttering in fear
as the crowd began pushing toward the exits. In
their excitement, the people had forgotten their usual
courtesy; and Aelios and I were shoved and jostled
in a way that reminded me of the New York subways.
It was all I could do not to lose track of her amid the
mob; yet both of us were anxious not to be'separated,
particularly since the speechless eagerness of the
throng, the sighs of women, the rapid breathing of men
and our own fast-beating hearts, all served to fill us
with grim forebodings.

  Once out of the great theatre, the people were driven
as by a common instinct toward the river. All seemed
fearful of even a second’s delay, as though our haste
might repair the fractured wall!—and in a long, swift-
ly moving column, constantly augmented as we ad-
vanced, we followed the winding avenue that curved
toward the waterfront. None of us spoke more than
an occasional word; even Aelios was silent, but she
clutched my arm with unwonted firmness, and looked
up at me with eyes wherein apprehension alternated
with a reassuring courage.

  But there was no prop for courage in the sight
that greeted us at the river bank. The stream, which
previously had flowed five or six feet beneath the
docks, was now not more than eight or ten inches
below the level.

  In speechless dismay we watched that broad, green-
ish-gray torrent go swishing and gurgling past. But
what was there that we could do? Nothing—except
to stand and gape helplessly at that swift-flowing,
swollen stream. Indeed, we seemed worse than merely
helpless, for as I stood there with Aelios amid that
horror-faced crowd, I became conscious—as during
that other crisis years before—that I was arousing a
singular repulsion. My neighbors were edging away
from me visibly; some were pointing toward me, or
uttering half-suppressed oaths; I thought I heard some
one ruefully mumbling something about "That foreign-
er” and something else about "The cause of all our
troubles.”

  I would quickly have withdrawn with Aelios from
that hostile throng, had I not chanced to observe a
slim, gray form ?pproaching from far upstream. With
the speed of the swiftest racing craft it drew near,
and in a few minutes was recognizable as an intra-
atomic boat, akin to the one I had boarded years be-
fore. Much to my relief, it came to a rapid halt,
drew up at the dock, and let down its gangplank. And
as the crowd forced its way on to the docks, Aelios
and I was not slow in finding seats for ourselves
372

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

for what was sure to prove an extremely exciting trip.

  And exciting it was—far more exciting than we
could have desired. We had been under way only a
few minutes when the aspect of the river began to
change disquietingly. Except for the current, it lost
the character of a river entirely, and took on the ap-
pearance of a long lake! On both sides the water
spread in a smooth-flowing sheet two or three miles
broad; and above the surface in places stared clumps
and clusters of vegetation, with here and there a minia-
ture island; while several temples and colonnades stood
with marble bases buried in the water, like the palaces
of some aquatic goddess.

  But if this overflow was alarming, the full extent
of the disaster was not evident until we approached
the glass wall itself. This time it did not require any
searchlight to reveal the nature of the injury; our
ears might have told us if our eyes had not—but our
eyes had sufficient to report. As we strode along the
little, clay path toward the wall, we became aware of
a broad, gleaming, greenish expanse between—a sheet
of water where all had been dry land! And into that
sheet of water, with a continuous thunder equal to
that of the floods from the river valve, a long, white
torrent spurted in a gracefully curving jet, shooting
outward hundreds of yards from the glass bulwark,
and descending with a splashing as of some gigantic
fountain. It was impossible to estimate the volume,
except to say that it was enormous; nor could we
see the nature or extent of the leak, since the inter-
vening water forbade our close approach. But we
observed how the overflow worked its way circuitously
into the Salty River in a sort of channel of its own
choosing; and occasional swift-moving lights, which
even from our distance we could see flashing from
beyond the glass, showed us that the repair ships were
busy trying to seal up the crack. But from the be-
ginning we knew how hopeless were their efforts—
with their midget vessels and midget tools they were
like ants trying to stem the floor of a Niagara. And
the utter helplessness of their plight—and of ours—
became tragically apparent when suddenly a great
elongated, gray mass came flying in with the torrents
from the sea, and fell with a splash and a clatter in
a battered heap projecting above the waters—a rescu-
ing submarine that had been hurled in through the
gap in the wall!

CHAPTER XXXIV

Swollen Torrents

IT was five days later that I received the summons
from the High Chief Adviser . . . and made ready
for the most extraordinary of all my adventures.

  In the interval, all Atlantis was in a state verging
upon madness. The commotion created by the original
discovery of the crack was insignificant beside the
terror that now dominated every inhabitant. To say
that the country seemed stricken with paralysis would
be to understate the conditions; rather, it was driven
to a dumb distraction, like some great beast that feels
its foot in a trap. Only one thought was in any-
one’s mind, only one topic on anyone’s lips; the people
drifted hither and thither like phantoms, rushing back
and forth between the cities and the spurting leak
in the wall, sometimes engaged furtively in whispered
discussions, on other occasions muttering half-audible
prayers or withdrawing into themselves like men
brought face to face with Fate. Some would hover
near the offices of the High Chief Adviser, awaiting
hopeful news that did not come; some would haunt
the river banks, watching the swelling torrents go mur-

muring and whirling past; some would huddle to-
gether in small family groups, as though mortally
afraid to lose sight of their dear ones; some would
merely go pacing around like rats in a cage, scarcely
heeding where they went, their white faces and harried
eyes expressive of a dread they dared not mention.

  But none—none who were not driven by the most
stringent orders—were heeding their daily duties. For
the first time in history, the cities were inadequately
supplied with food; the official producers and dis-
tributors shared the general inertia, and the people
had to clamor at the doors of the great municipal
warehouses for their meager rations; and actual star-
vation seemed certain unless the workers could be
urged back to the fields.

  But more appalling to my mind—vastly more ap-
palling, since it seemed like the overthrow of the very
order of nature—was the laxity with regard to the
golden orbs that ruled the Atlantean day. Owing no
doubt to the negligence of the official in charge, the
clockwork that controlled these artificial suns ran down
on what should have been the third night, and the
luminaries continued in full blaze after the usual
hour of darkness. But few seemed even to notice the
change, and most continued frenziedly watching the
waters or awaiting encouraging reports; while those
that could, snatched a few hours of troubled sleep dur-
ing the continuous daylight, and many still kept their
useless vigils with drawn faces and weary eyes.

  Meantime the Salty River continued to rise. Slowly
and insidiously, by inches and by half inches, it crept
up and up, up and up, until after two days not more
than a hand’s breadth separated it from the top of
the embankment. And after three days it had not
more than a finger’s breadth to go, while on the fourth
day we could see thin, sparkling streams flowing down
the more low-lying street, not deep enough to make
them quite impassable, but lending to the columned
thoroughfares the aspect of some pathetic Venice.
Simultaneously the autophone brought news that the
small towns of Malgos and Dorion had been inundated
and that their inhabitants had fled for higher ground;
that the larger cities of Atolis, Lerenon, and Aedla
were rearing embankments to keep out the waters, and
that the farm lands of eastern Atlantis were flooded
as far as the eye could see. But little that was even
mildly hopeful was reported. It was stated that the
repair ships were still trying to cope with the leak,
though without success; that the intra-atomic pumps
were disposing of most of the surplus water, but were
being taxed to capacity; that in several places huge
electric shovels were at work, digging out great hol-
lows into which the floods might be drained; that
efforts were being made to freeze huge masses of
water, and force the ice against the wall, in the at-
tempt to stem the torrents. . . . But all the while the
river continued to rise, and nothing short of a miracle
seemed likely to check disaster.

  After five days the water was flowing to a depth
of many inches through half the streets of Archeon;
and only the rapid erection of earthworks had saved
the other half. And it was after five nerve-racking
days that—as I have stated—I received the summons
from the High Chief Adviser.

  The messenger—a wan-faced old man who seemed to
be in a breathless hurry—was waiting for me when I
returned home with Aelios after strolling aimlessly for
hours through the unflooded portions of the town.
From the grave attitude with which he greeted me, I
knew at once that something was amiss; but he had no
explicit information to offer. "The High Chief Ad-
viser wishes to see you without delay,” was all that he
THE SUNKEN WORLD

373

would report. And having uttered these words, he
began edging away as though he had immediate busi-
ness elsewliere.

  There being nothing else to do, I accompanied this
singular messenger after hastily assuring Aelios that
I would return as soon as possible.

  As I might have anticipated, our walk turned out to
be far from pleasant. The old man had evidently been
long trained in diplomacy, for I could not induce him
to speak except non-committally and in monosyllables.
And all the way to the office of the Adviser I was
left to my own conjectures, while we skirted public
squares that looked like lakes or waded ankle-deep
through the salty water.

ARRIVING at the many-domed sandstone edifice
where the Atlantean government had its head-
quarters, my companion bade me wait in a book-lined
anteroom, and went to notify his chief of my arrival.
It was as though my coming had been awaited, for
the old man had hardly left me when he reappeared
and motioned me to follow him.

  I have a vague remembrance of accompanying him
through long, arched galleries; but of these my mind
retains no definite impression, and the next thing I
clearly recall is that I stood in a little blue-walled
room before an impressive-looking elderly man whose
picture I had often seen. His long, furrowed, saga-
cious features were manifestly those of a scholar, but
there was a squareness about the jaw that marked him
also as a man of action; while at the same time there
was a patriarchal benignity about the sympathetic
lines of the face. But one quality there was which
dominated him now, and which none of the pictures had
shown: an air of utter fatigue, of melancholy, almost
of despair, all too plainly written in the hollows that
underlined the weary, gray eyes, in the pale cheeks
almost totally drained of blood, and in the haggard
expression as of one who has not slept for days.

  To the right of the High Chief Adviser was seated
a man whom I recognized with surprise. It was
Xanocles, also looking pallid and worn—and as he rose
to greet me I began to conceive some faint idea why I
had been summoned.

  The Chief Adviser gravely motioned me to a seat at
his left; and as I sank into the cushioned chair he
plunged without formality into an explanation.

  “I need hardly tell you,” he commenced, speaking
rapidly but in dull, sober tones, “how serious is the
crisis that confronts Atlantis. But perhaps no one—
except those of us who are on the inside of affairs—
realizes quite how acute the danger is. Frankly speak-
ing, we are incapable of dealing with the emergency.
The intra-atomic pumps have been working to ca-
pacity for five days, forcing out fifty per cent more
than their usual volume; but, even so, the water is
pouring in at the rate of several tons a second faster
than we can drive it out. This in itself would indi-
cate a grave enough peril; but this is not the worst.
Our engineers tell us that the crack is extending to
portions of the wall previously unaffected, and that
new sections may give way at any time. When this
happens, it will be—the end.”

  The High Chief Adviser paused, bleakly frowning;
then, with a piercing glance at me, as if to see whether
I had anticipated his meaning, he continued, “It is ap-
parent that Atlantis cannot save itself. We are facing
a peril unique in history, and have not the weapons
with which to combat it. If help comes, it must come
from outside. And that is why I have summoned
you.”

  “But I don’t exactly see—” I began.

  "Let me explain,” the official continued, impatiently.
"You yourself of course can do nothing. But you come
from a people who, to judge from your writings, have
developed remarkable engineering and mechanical skill.
I am hopeful that their science may be able to devise
some means of saving us, and for that reason I am
planning to send you above seas for help. What do
you think of the idea?”

  “Why, I—I think it might be worth trying,” was all
I was able to gasp in reply.

  “Your friend Xanocles also thinks it worth trying,”
proceeded the Adviser suavely. “Now I personally
have always been against the policy of Emergence;
but it is imperative to try new measures; and at a
time like this, fortunately, the law empowers me to
take any action on my own initiative. And so I sent
for Xanocles today as one of the most prominent local
members of the Emergence Party, and when I asked
whom he would advise me to appoint as special envoy
to the upper world he had no hesitation about men-
tioning you.”

  “But why me?” I demanded, doubtful of my quali-
fications for so high an office.

  “Well, to be sure, you were not the only one,”
stated the Adviser. “He also recommended a certain
Gavison, but we have decided to hold him in reserve,
and if you do not return in a few days we will send
him out with a second submarine. Meanwhile, if you
would care to accept—”

  “Why, of course—of course I’ll accept—if it is for
the good of Atlantis,” I declared. “But just what
would you expect of me?”

  “One of our submersible vessels, with a crew of
four men, will be in readiness at the docks early to-
morrow morning. You will board it, and it will bear
you out through the eastern valve and to any part of
the upper world you may direct. But you are to
waste no time about informing your fellows of the
menace that confronts Atlantis. They too have sub-
mersible vessels, as your arrival here proves—let them
send some of their ships down here, if they can, with
materials to repair the wall. But above all things,
you must remember not to delay, not to delay!”

  “I will do my best,” I promised. “But let me not
hold out any false hopes—I am not sure that the upper
world will be able to assist.”

  "At any rate, you can try,” sighed the Head of the
Atlantean government. “It is a chance worth taking.
We lose nothing by the attempt.”

  And then, fixing on me that powerful magnetic
glance common to all the Atlanteans, he demanded,
“You will spare no effort?”

  “I will spare no effort,” I solemnly vowed.

  "Then the fates be with you!” And the High Chief
Adviser rose and firmly took both my hands; and I
thought that just a trace of emotion dimmed his eyes
as he fervently continued, “I need say no more. You
know as well as I how much depends upon this.
Above all things, Harkness, you will make haste, you
will make haste, will you not? Good-bye—and good for-
tune will be yours!”

  And the next moment, accompanied by Xanocles, I
was passing through the outer galleries. The last
glimpse I caught of the High Adviser showed me
the great head wearily sagging, the lids drooping over
the melancholy gray eyes as if in utmost renunciation
or despair.

T^ROM the Adviser’s office I hastened straight home,
* leaving Xanocles, after being assured that he would
come to me early in the morning.

  I found Aelios impatiently awaiting my return. “You
374

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

have been long,” she murmured, although it seemed to
me that I had come back very quickly. And the big,
blue eyes looked up at me inquiringly, and I had to
explain at once the meaning of the Adviser’s summons.

  She followed my recital without a word; but heavy
furrows began to appear upon her brow when I told
her how serious was the plight of Atlantis; and a big
limpid teardrop flowed unheeded down her cheek.

  “You did right to accept the commission,” she said,
coming to me when I had finished my story, and rest-
ing one hand affectionately upon my shoulder. And
a deep melancholy made moist her eyes as she con-
tinued, “I am glad that the choice has fallen upon
you. When do we start on our voyage?”

  “We?” I repeated, staring at her in surprise.

"Yes, we. I intend to go with you, of course.”
“But, Aelios, that’s impossible!” I exclaimed, spring-
ing up and drawing her closely to me. "You know
how much I’d like to have you with me. But you
don’t seem to realize the peril.”

  "Peril?” She laughed disdainfully, as she withdrew
from me. "Do you think I’d have you submit to a
peril I wouldn’t share in? Besides, is it not in the
interest of my own country? Should I stay here
doing nothing when I might help to save Atlantis?”
"But, even so, would you be permitted—” I started
to protest.

  “Of course I’d be permitted! The High Chief Ad-
viser would be more than willing—only, of course, he
wouldn’t ask me to take the risk.”

  “And neither would I ask you—” I objected; but
she cut me short by demanding, sharply, “Do you
think it’s any greater than the risk of staying here?”
And, with the air of one whose mind is made up and is
not to be questioned, she reminded me, “We better be
getting ready, for I don’t suppose we’ll have any time
to waste.”

  And thereupon, the question having been settled, we
began our meager preparations. But we found that
there was not much to prepare, for of course the sub-
marine would be well provisioned; and, except for a
few personal trinkets, we could think of little to take
away with us. But it occurred to me to bring a copy
of Homer’s lost masterpiece, the “Telegonus,” which
might convince the upper world of the truth of my
reports about Atlantis. And it also occurred to me to
pay a pilfering expedition to the museum, which was
now untenanted even by the doormen; and, when I
returned, my pockets were weighed down with several
pieces of gold, and my arms were laden with a large
amorphous bundle, whose contents might have been
identified as an Ensign’s uniform.

  Of the night that followed I have only the most con-
fused and disturbing remembrance. I know that I did
not sleep, except to drowse away by brief, nightmare-
haunted spells; and I also know that Aelios did not
sleep, for her mind like mine was busy contemplating
the adventure before us. Yet we were both too weary
for connected thought; and jumbled visions were all
that greeted us as we lay there speechless in the
blackness.

  The moment the lights were flashed on again we re-
nounced our futile attempts at slumber. And we had
hardly risen and made ourselves presentable when we
began to receive visitors. Not only did Xanocles ar-
rive as he had promised, but the entire Upper World
Club appeared in a group, for I had notified Gavison
of my prospective departure and had expressed my de-
sire to see all the men again before I left.

  Since all our visitors insisted on seeing us off, it was
a good-sized company that attended us as we bade
farewell to the butterfly-shaped building that had

housed us so long, and set off through the streets of the
stricken city toward the river. Yet our escort, while
large, was far from merry, for the strain of the past
few days was written upon us all, and the pale cheeks
and weary looks of my companions matched their list-
less manner and their silence. One or two—and among
them the unquenchable Stranahan—did indeed attempt
to be jocular; but their efforts were half-hearted and
flat, and their laughter rang thin and hollow like
mockery; and as we drew nearer our goal and saw
the flood rippling through the streets ahead, we heard
no more of their jests, but all of us plunged onward
speechlessly and with stern, set faces, oppressed as
though by the shadow of some solemn and awful
presence.

WHEN we reached the inundated districts, I of
course urged my companions to turn back. But
they paid no heed, and pressed gravely on their way,
first wading ankle-deep, then halfway to their knees,
while strung out in a long line among scattered houses
that looked like lake dwellings. Here a marble edifice,
there a colonnade, yonder a cluster of statues, pro-
jected above the deluge, whose green-gray current went
swishing past as though from an inexhaustible source.
Amid those fluid wastes, which had obliterated all fa-
miliar landmarks and gave to well known things a new
and terrible majesty, it was impossible to be sure of
our way; and once one of the men slipped into a de-
pression so deep that he had to swim to save him-
self; and more than once some one tripped over some
buried obstacle, and went floundering at full length
into the water, thereby provoking a short-lived out-
burst of mirth. So great were the dangers that we
had to move very slowly; but we also moved with
grim regularity, and our progress was without sound
other than the monotonous splash, splash of our ad-
vancing feet.

  Yet it was not only our own plight that made us
moody and sad. As we plodded through the flooded
districts, we had continual glimpses of the inhabitants
—and in their aspect and manner there was nothing
to reassure us. Here, through an open window, we
would catch sight of several agile figures straining to
bind some huge collection into a bundle; there we
would observe a man descending from his doorstep
into the enveloping waters, his back bent down with a
great pile of household articles, a wan-faced woman
clinging nervously to him or turning back with moist
eyes to the home they were leaving. And we passed
not one or two such refugees but scores, literally
scores. One would have a three-year-old perched se-
curely on his shoulder, another would be trying to
soothe a crying babe or leading by the hand a fright-
ened lad of five; some would be bearing off great
heaps of clothing or huge cans and boxes that looked
like food containers, and a few were puffing and pant-
ing to save their books, rugs and paintings.

  Meanwhile the eyes of all the people were baleful
with a wild, unnatural light; their features were as-
suming a furtive, hunted expression; their voices had
lost their music, and had grown nervous and shrill.
And all were looking bloodless and bedraggled; ominous
hollows were forming in their cheeks and beneath
their eyes; their clothes were soiled and untended,
their beards scraggly and untrimmed; and many had
lost their normal restraint, so that we passed a woman
who sobbed and sobbed quite regardless of our ap-
proach, an old man who growled and gibbered insanely
to himself, and more than one that did not even seem
to see us, but stared upward intently with imploring
face, while mumbling incoherent melancholy phrases.
THE SUNKEN WORLD

375

  When finally we drew near our destination, the water
reached to the knees of the tallest of us, and our
progress was more laborious and slower than ever. I
now began to fear that we would not be able to locate
the river bank, for how tell where the shallow water
ended and the deep began? At length, however, I
was relieved to observe a wide, unbroken flowing ex-
panse several hundred yards ahead, and to note that
a long rope, stretched in the water between improvised
wooden supports, marked the river’s theoretical edge.

  It was just when we came in sight of our goal that
the supreme horror befell. Even to this day I can
recapture the amazement and alarm of that dread
moment; and the abruptness of it all and the terror
overwhelm me anew. Had the waters swelled and
swept over us in a tidal wave, I would have been
panic-stricken and yet halfway prepared—but I could
not have anticipated that the blow was to strike from
above rather than from beneath.

SUDDENLY—although this was only the beginning
of the Atlantean day—the golden lights of the glass
dome began to waver and flicker, then paled to a twi-
light glow, then (in less time than it takes to state)
snapped into blackness.

  So startled were we that we stood there transfixed;
scarcely an oath issued from our petrified lips. The
darkness was .absolute; we could not see our nearest
neighbors; we seemed walled in by oblivion. For a
moment there was silence; then came a light splash-
ing to my left, and simultaneously dozens of voices
burst forth bewilderingly in terror and dismay.

  And when that first horrified outburst was dying
down, there crept over us from a distance other cries
—confused cries aa of many voices sighing and wail-
ing in chorus. And all those voices seemed to form
into one, and to grieve and drone in a single long-
drawn sob, with echoes reminding me uncannily of
lost souls mourning in the dark.

  But soon that melancholy tumult passed away; and
we were aware only that we stood there knee-deep in
the flood, in a silence unbroken except by the gurgling
waters.

  Then it was that the most quick-witted of us all
came to his senses. Suddenly a vivid light stabbed
the gloom just to my left; and by its glaring yellow
illumination I could make out the tall form of Xanocles.

  In his hands was a good-sized pocket flashlight. “I
was a little afraid this might happen,” he declared,
trying to be matter-of-fact, and speaking loudly enough
for us all to hear. “Lucky I had these lanterns with
me.” And, to our surprise, he calmly drew several
more flashlights from the folds of his garments, and
passed them to his nearest neighbors.

  "The High Chief Adviser warned me yesterday that
this was possible,” he explained. “And so I thought
it best to be prepared.”

  And then, while we all stood gaping at him like
men with paralyzed minds, he continued, soothingly,
“There is really nothing to be alarmed about. The
water must have gotten into the electric power gener-
ators—that is all. In a few hours the lights will no
doubt be shining again.”

  But his words did not carry conviction. In his voice
was a note of concern that he could not wholly exclude;
and as we glanced nervously into the gloom—a gloom
that was all-enveloping except for our flashlights and
an occasional firefly flicker in the far distance—we
could not believe that the golden luminaries would soon
beam upon us again.

  It was a solemn procession that started splashing
once more toward the river bank. Guided by the

sallow illumination of the flashlights, we could barely
find our course; and step by step, with laborious slow-
ness, we plodded through the unrelenting flood. None
of us could find the heart to utter a word; and from
time to time, among my shadowy attendants, I caught
glimpses of lips rigidly compressed and faces firmly
set, as among men who go forth to meet the Ultimate.
All the while Aelios was at my side, hovering close
as if for shelter; and when I could I helped her over
the more difficult places, though she too was speech-
less, like one whose thoughts are too appalling for ex-
pression.

  Then, for an instant, hope came flashing back. A
sudden radiance burst upon us from above; the great
luminaries were once more touched with light, which
fitfully expanded from a pale red glow almost to the
normal golden—and then fitfully died out into utter
gloom.

  And our cries of rejoicing were frozen on our lips,
and the darkness that ensued seemed more intense than
ever. And once more there was only the silence, the
wavering flashlights and the whirling floods.

  Groping and floundering and sometimes sinking al-
most up to the hips in water, we at last found our-
selves near the rope that marked the river's verge.
And by turning upstream toward a dim but steady
yellow light, we managed to locate the docks and the
submarine, which we recognized by the radiance fil-
tering through the portholes.

  Then, almost before I realized that the ultimate
moment had come, I found myself assisting Aelios
up the half-submerged gangplank and on to the deck
of the grim, low-lying, shadowy ship. The next that
I remember is that I was back again in two feet of
water, and that a multitude of hands clasped mine, a
multitude of voices were lifted simultaneously, first
the voices of a mob attempting a cheer that died
prematurely, then the voices of individuals, shouting
out advice and farewells, wishing me a safe voyage,
entreating me to make haste for the good of Atlantis.
I have a recollection of seeing the earnest, grave face
of Gavison by the uncertain, shifting illumination of
the flashlights; the elongated, intellectual face of
Xanocles; the youthful but sad-eyed and frightened
face of Rawson, and Stranahan’s droll countenance now
furrowed almost into a tragic severity.

  But in an instant all these faces—so familiar to me,
and so well liked—had drifted out of view. I too
stood upon the gangplank, lightly waving although my
heart seemed dull and dead within me. Then I
mounted to the deck, cast a last glance at the dark-
ness that hid the marble temples of Atlantis, and
waved for the last time to the dim watching figures.
And as the flashlights began slowly to retreat, I de-
scended a narrow stairway, heard an iron door clatter
to a close above me, felt a jolt and a shudder that
were followed by a regular, incessant quivering—and
knew that I was on my way back to the earth.

CHAPTER XXXV
The Return

THE facts of my return from Atlantis have been
reported so widely that it would be futile for
me to dwell upon them. It is generally known
how, having crossed the ocean at the sixty-knot speed
made possible by our intra-atomic propellers, our sub-
marine found its way to the mouth of the Potomac and
almost up to Washington; how, after it had anchored
obscurely some distance below the city, I donned my
old uniform and made my way out under cover of
night; how I hastened the next day to the offices of
376

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

the naval department, disclosed my identity, and met
with ridicule not only at my incredible tale, but at
my strange appearance, my long beard, my goggles
and my greenish skin.

  Unfortunately, in the haste and confusion of my
departure from the Sunken World, I had made one
oversight. I had forgotten the copy of Homer’s lost
“Telegonus,” which I had hoped to exhibit in verifica-
tion of my story! Scattered lines of the poem, to be
sure, did keep trailing through my mind with a wild,
ringing majesty—but they were the merest fragments,
and to recite them would have been to brand myself as
a madman. Yet I had little other evidence to dis-
play. Aelios could not help me, for she could not
speak English; and in spite of her exceptional beauty,
there would have been nothing to prove that she had
.not been born above seas. And as for the four mem-
bers of the submarine crew, they refused stanchly to
leave the vessel; and, besides, they likewise could not
speak English, and their fantastic Atlantean garb
would no doubt have marked them also as lunatics.

  And so there was nothing to do but wait, wait for
days and days, haunting the naval offices, making
myself a laughing stock and a nuisance, yet repeating
my pleas so insistently that in the end they had to
be heeded. But meanwhile I was losing time—time
which I knew to be all-important. Even now Atlantis
might be in a death-grip with the waters; and the
difference of a few hours might bridge the gap be-
tween safety aiid disaster. Would not my fellows
make haste? was the question I kept asking and ask-
ing; and all the while they remained inactive and un-
moved. Every day, with tears in her eyes, Aelios
would inquire when the rescuing expedition was to set
out; and every day I would nod sadly, and sigh, “Per-
haps tomorrow.” But tomorrow would bring little
hope; and even when at last an investigation was un-
dertaken, it was careless and dilatory—and it was
long before I could convince the bewildered inspectors
that I was actually one of the company of the lost
X-lll.

  It was long, indeed, before I could even find any
one to identify me. In a land where my acquaint-
ances had been legion, I was apparently unknown;
and my old friends had either been dispersed or else
I had slipped out of their minds. Even Alma Huntley
failed to reply to my letters; and it was months be-
fore I learned that, having long given me up as lost,
she had left two years before for the Pacific Coast
as the bride of the Reverend David Mosely.

  But though my messages to Alma never reached their
destination, a letter to my old friend, Frank Everett,
survived many forwardings and found its goal; and
not only did Everett hasten to me from New York,
but he summoned others of our former group, whose
testimony combined with the evidence of finger-prints
and handwriting to identify me beyond dispute.

  Matters now began to move more quickly—in fact,
with a rapidity that was bewildering. Almost over-
night my story was flashed from end to end of the
land, and I found myself a public figure. Newspaper
headlines flaunted my name, and the word Atlantis was
on every one’s lips; interviewers came swarming to
see me, scientists with their demands for information,
the heads of lecture bureaus and of motion picture cor-
porations with their golden offers. But all that really
interested me were the offers of assistance for the
Sunken World. Several men of means became inter-
ested, and placed large funds at our disposal, so mak-
ing possible the Harkness Institute for Marine Re-
search; half a dozen engineers volunteered to accom-
pany me back to Atlantis, and with their aid we se-

cured implements and chemicals capable of sealing wide
breaches in a glass wall. But we could produce no
vessel other than that in which we had left Atlantis,
for the naval submarines were not equipped for the
deep waters of the Sunken World; and so when finally
the rescuing party set off down the Potomac from
Washington, its members numbered only six in addi-
tion to Aelios and myself and the original crew.

THE small size of this expedition and its limited
equipment would alone have made us doubtful of
success; but we remembered with acute misgivings that
two full months had passed since we left Archeon, and
that during all this time the flood waters must have
been rising. We were particularly uneasy because of
the failure of Gavison to appear ir, a second submarine,
as the High Chief Adviser had promised; and, brood-
ing upon his absence, we would recall how we had
bidden farewell to Atlantis, and would think with a
shudder of the bleak confusion of the people and the
swelling torrents swishing through the darkness.

  To make matters worse '(if they could possibly be
worse) our voyage back to Atlantis was beset with
unforeseen difficulties. Owing to the absence of definite
charts and our uncertainty as to the latitude and long-
itude of the Sunken World, we were lost for several
days amid the wildest wastes of the Atlantic. At
times we would dive to the sea bottom, or to such
depths that Atlantis could not conceivably be beneath
us, and would go cruising for hours amid that black
infinity or along the shell-strewn or bouldery floor
of the ocean, staring through the portholes at the
luminous-eyed creatures that flitted ghost-like about
us, and here and there gaping horror-stricken at some
contorted but strangely eloquent rusty iron mass. But
of Atlantis itself there was no sign, and we had the
queer impression that it had dissolved bubble-like amid
the watery immensity.

  And so at length our expedition converted itself into
little more than a random questing after what did not
appear to exist. Should we ever again catch a glimpse
of the green-golden walls of our lost universe? There
were moments when I was given to curious doubts,
and felt that Atlantis, once lost, could never be found
again; that the billows would cover it as completely
from our sight as from the sight of the ages. But
all the time, while we kept dashing at prodigious speed
through the vacant waters, we were given to strange
fits of hope that alternated with spells of despair,—
hope when we would descry a far-off light that would
turn out to be merely some elusive fishy lantern,—
despair that our help, already too long delayed, was
being retarded to the point of impotence.

  The final discovery came with startling suddenness.
One day, gliding slowly downward at a considerable
depth, we were stopped by a hard, flat barrier that
spread beneath us like the sea bottom. But as we
began to drift horizontally, we observed that the sur-
face was smooth and ominously light-reflecting—and
with a gasp of despair we recognized that the sub-
stance was glass!

  The surprise and horror of that moment are still
vivid in my memory. “Turn the searchlights down,
down!” muttered the leader of our crew, in a voice
that trembled perceptibly; and as the great water-
piercing streamers began to quiver and shake and then
slowly descended in long, rambling curves, Aelios came
rushing to my side like a child who fears to be alone,
and clung closely to me while we both stared through
the portholes with faces rigid and eager.

  But at first we saw nothing. All was dark beneath
THE SUNKEN WORLD

377

us—not a gleam, not a flicker, broke the blackness of
the Sunken World.

  Then, as the searchlights swayed and shifted till
they swept the depths directly beneath, we began to
make out familiar objects amid the obscurity. Dimly,
strangely, as though draped in a fog, the outlines of
great domes and arches and colonnades began to
emerge, interspersed by Titanic columns and statuesque
temples that appeared to waver uncannily.

  “See! See! It is still there!” Aelios cried, frantically,
as she pressed more closely to me; and with the agony
of despair in her voice was mingled just a tinge of
hope.

  I took her hand and sought to console her; but
even as I did so her whole body began to shake
spasmodically, and her sobbing throbbed from end

to end of the ship. For many minutes she seemed unable
to speak.

  Yet, even while the long-drawn, heartbreaking sobs
panted forth, she began to point, to point distractedly
downward, with blind, quivering fingers that called
with frenzied urgency, forcing me to peer again
through the porthole.

  With my arms still about her, I scanned the dim,
ghostly twilight. But for a moment I observed noth-
ing alarming. Then, as my gaze became focused upon
a gray dome just below, I too cried out in dread
realization.

  Those glass-covered depths were not without sign of
life, as I had thought; but here and there a lantern-
bearing object, with flapping finny body, went wavering
through the windows and above the temple roofs!

  The End.

 Back Numbers of AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

IF you are one of the few readers who have begun reading the Quarterly with this issue, you may
probably wish to get the preceding issues. The Quarterly started with the Winter issue. There
are two back numbers available, i.e., the Winter and Spring issues.

A limited amount of copies are available to new readers, and back numbers can be had for fifty cents, by
sending this amount to the publishers. Herewith is the contents of the two issues.

 WINTER EDITION	SPRING EDITION

    The Moon of Doom, by Earl L Bell	A Modern Atlantis, by Frederick Arthur Hodge

    The Atom.c R.ddle, by Edward S. Sears	The Nth Man, by Homer Eon Flint

    When the Sleeper Wakes, by H G. Wells	The Ring of the Monkey Men, by A. Hyatt Verrill

    The Golden Vapor by E. H Johnson	The vibrator o{ Death b HaroId F. Richard, Ph.D.

    The Puzzle Due by M.les J. Breuer, M.D.	The g d g b’ j’ Schlossel
    The Terrors of the Upper Air, by Frank Orndorff ’ ’

   All copies sent prepaid upon receipt of fifty cents.

   EXPERIMENTER PUBLISHING COMPANY, Inc., 230 Fifth Avenue, New York

“Quarterly” Readers

y

                   WHERE else is there a collection of truly amazing stories such as you have read in this
                   remarkable quarterly magazine? For those of our readers who do not already know—
                   read the AMAZING STORIES MONTHLY. Between the issues of the Quarterly
                   —in the interim—each month there is a new big collection of these same fascinating tales that
                   so entrance you.

                    Literary masterpieces by the world’s most renowned authors of "scientifiction” can be found
                    in every issue of the AMAZING STORIES MONTHLY. Tales of the future—vivid, fascin-
                    ating and all engrossing. Adventure, mystery, romance and science—a touch of each com-
                    bined to make one of the most absorbing collection of radically different stories ever compiled.
                    One issue vies with another in an effort to surpass.

                    Here arc some of the famous writers that you will find represented in almost every issue of
                    the AMAZING STORIES MONTHLY: H. G. Wells, Dr. Miles J. Breuer, Jules Verne,
                    Dr. David H. Keller, A. Hyatt Verrill. Each month one or more of these world renowned
                    authors are ready to take you on marvelous flights of the imagination. Meet them in the
                    pages of the AMAZING STORIES MONTHLY.

AMAZING STORIES FOR THOSE TIRED OF THE CUT-AND-DRIED
LITERATURE OF THE DAY.

Don’t miss the U\U	M on t hi

“Scientifiction” by World Famous Authors
OUT SUB-UNIVERSE

 jBy R.F. Starjl

F you really are so anxious to go, I won’t
keep you from going any more,” said Pro-
fessor Hailey with a sigh, to the young man
who sat opposite to him in his laboratory.
‘‘Eventually it will become necessary for a
human being to make the journey, and no one is
better qualified than you to make an accurate report.”
‘‘Indeed, I should think not,” smiled Hale McLaren,
his friend and pupil, ‘‘as long as I’ve been your as-
sistant* and, you might say, co-discoverer. But -”

his eyes clouded, ‘‘I don’t know about Shirley. She
wants to go along.”

  "I think you should let her go along if she wants
to,” said Hailey slowly. “You know that I love my
daughter even more than she loves you, but I realize
that if you failed to come back, as our experimental
rabbits failed to come back, she could never be happy
again. She would rather be with you, no matter how
inhospitable the little world to which you are going.”
“But I will come back!” insisted Hale McLaren
urgently. “We know why our experimental animals
did not return. As soon as
they arrived on the sur-
face of whatever little
planet they happened to
land on, they did not
bother to wonder where
they might be. They sim-
ply wandered on, and of
course it was impossible
for our apparatus to find
them again. You may be
sure that I won’t leave the
landing spot.”

  “Nevertheless, it is pos-
sible you may fail to re-
turn. Shirley is almost a
grown woman. We will
explain the dangers to
her, and if she still wants
to go, she shall go.”

  He stepped to the tele-
phone and called the num-
ber of his home, only a
short distance from the
little inland college where
he was head of the phy-
sics department. In a few
minutes Shirley came into
the presence of the two
soberness amusedly.

  “Whose funeral are you holding today?” she asked.
“Don't talk of funerals at a time like this,” said
McLaren, a little crossly. “We called you over here
to explain to you again the danger of the trip you
want to make with me. Frankly, I don’t want you
along, but your father says you can come if you
want to.”

  “Of course I’m going!” she retorted with mock de-
fiance. “Do you think I want to lose you to some
atomic vamp?”

  "This is serious,” he persisted, refusing for once

to yield to her rallying. He led the way to the corner
of the big, bare room, where he moved aside a denim
curtain sliding on a wire, which hid a maze of enig-
matic apparatus, evidently electrical in its nature. In the
center of a large helix, on a base of peculiar translucent
green material, stood a great glass bell, large enough
for two or three persons to stand inside. A bank of high-
voltage vacuum tubes against one wall was connected
by means of heavy copper tubiiig to various points
on the helix. The translucent green base was sup-
ported on a number of cylinders, which formed a
hydraulic hofst so that the heavy green disc could
be lowered in order to permit the introduction of ob-
jects under the independently supported bell.

  "I’m going to start in a few minutes,” McLaren in-
formed Shirley, and despite his assumed brusqueness,
his voice betrayed a tremor of tenderness. “Your
father is going to explain the danger to you, and if
you still want to go, we start together.”

  ‘You know, Shirley,” began Professor Hailey in his
best class-room manner, “that Hale and I have been

engaging extensively in
research work to discover
the ultimate composition
of matter. I will admit
that we are as much in
the dark regarding our
primary quest as ever, but
in our researches we have
opened new vistas that
are fully as beautiful and
as interesting as the
truths we first sought.

  “By utilizing the newly
discovered cosmic ray,
which has a wavelength
infinitely shorter than any
other known kind of light,
we have been able to
get circumstantial evidence
that electrons do not con-
sist solely of a negative
electric charge, as physi-
cists have thought before,
but that this charge is
actually held by a real
particle of matter, so in-
finitely small that we
would never get direct
evidence of its existence by the older methods.

  “While pursuing these studies, we stumbled upon
another property of the cosmic ray. We found that
certain harmonics of the ray, when enormously ampli-
fied, have the property of reducing or increasing the
mass and volume of all matter, without changing its
form. We have discovered no limit to this power. We
believe it is infinite.

  “Now this suggests a possible solution of the prob-
lem of the constitution of the universe. Could we
prove that the atom, with its central nucleus and its
satellites, called electrons, is really only a miniature
universe, in fact and not by analogy only, we could

 1VERYTHING in this world is relative, with
 r or without Einstein. Even time is relative.
 As Benjamin Franklin pointed out, the
 Epliemerid fly lives only twenty-four hours;
 yet leads a normal existence. During those
 twenty-four hours, it lives a full-time life,
 which, to the fly is of the same duration as
 a 60 to 70 year old life led by the human
 being. So too, is it with a microbe or mi-
 crobe organism, which lives only a few min-
 utes and then dies. These few minutes con-
 stitute a normal cycle. 'It simply lives much
 more quickly, although it does not realize it.

   You can conversely imagine a race of
 super-beings on some other planet, which
 normally would live perhaps 10,000 years,
 as computed according to our time. To
 them our few years of allotted life would
 be incomprehensible.

    Here is a charming story which contains
 excellent science and will make you under-
 stand a great deal about the atomic world,
 if you do not knoxv it already. Also, it con-
 tains that most elusive jewel,—the surprise
 ending.

men and regarded their

378
OUT OF THE SUB-UNIVERSE

379

As he watched them in stupefaction, looking vainly for McLaren and Shirley, a man separated himself from the crowd, walked to the edge of

tho table, made a deep obeisance, and called: "Where are we?”
380

OUT OF THE SUB-UNIVERSE

safely assume that the constituents of the infra-uni-
verse beneath us and the super-universe above us are
only links of a chain that stretches into infinity!”

  Professor Hailey paused. His assistant was flushed
and enthusiastic, and his daughter’s cheeks glowed
brightly and her eyes sparkled. But she was not
looking at the apparatus; she was looking at the
smooth, dark hair of her fianc<5.

  “We have sent things into that sub-universe,” he
continued, “chairs, coins, glasses, bricks and things
like that. And we have brought some of them back.
But when we sent guinea pigs or rabbits, or a stray
dog into that world of mystery, we could not bring
them back. Hale thinks the animals may have wan-
dered away, out of focus of our rays. I don’t know.
He may be right, or they may have met some ter-
rible unknown fate. Now he offers himself for the
experiment. It is dangerous. It may be ghastly. But
if you wish to go with him, you may. Your mother
is dead. You may leave me lonely in my old age;
but you may go—for science!”

  A solemn hush followed the simple words. Then
Shirley said clearly: “I will go.”

THE physicist turned his head for a moment. When
he faced them again, there was no sign of his
mental struggle. Firmly, he threw a lever, and the
green base silently lowered to the floor. McLaren and
the girl stepped upon it, and when it rose again it
carried them into the glass bell. The professor turned
to the raised platform where the control board was
located.

  “Good-bye!” he called. “I’ll bring you back in
half an hour.”

  “Good-bye!” they returned, their voices muffled.

  A powerful generator sprang into action, filling
the laboratory with its high-pitched whine. The
vacuum tubes glowed dully, and a powerful odor of
ozone permeated the air. With a loud crash, the high-
tension electricity discharged between adjacent turns
of the helix. The professor hastened to adjust a
condenser, and again the silence was broken only by
the whine of the generator and a low humming.

  As the professor continued to adjust the controls,
the bell gradually filled with a deep violet light that
swayed and swirled tenuously like the drapes of an
aurora borealis. Tho Mght swirled around the man
and the girl, at times a’most hiding them from view.
It gradually concentratec'. toward the bottom of the
bell, seeming to cling to vhe green base, intertwining
the two living forms until it almost hid them from
view. Yet they continued to smile and wave encour-
agement.

  “And now it was evident that they were growing
smaller. Already they were less than four-feet tall,
and as the apparatus was brought more and more
into perfect resonance, their rate of shrinkage ac-
celerated. Soon they were but a foot high, standing
in a sea of violet light, then six inches, then hardly
an inch. The professor turned off the generator.

  The girl and the man now walked the few inches
necessary to bring them to the exact center of the
base. Here, in a slight depression in the smooth
material, was a tiny granule of carbon, one of the
atoms of which they were to explore. It was so tiny
that it could hardly be seen under the microscope,
ordinarily, yet to McLaren, it must already have be-
come plainly visible, for he soon spoke to the girl and
she joined him, standing with him very closely near
a spot on the floor which he indicated.

  Again the mysterious harmonics of the cosmic ray
were brought into action, and the two tiny figures

vanished from sight. The professor stayed at the
controls, his eyes fixed anxiously on his watch until
the proper time had elapsed, as indicated by his cal-
culations. He stopped the dynamo again and laid his
watch on the table. He marked the time when he
should recall them, 10 minutes after four, and paced
nervously up and down the room in which he was
now alone. Moisture beading his brow, he stopped
and stared at the slight depression in which lay a
million universes, each one as complete and as per-
fect as his own, and in one of those universes was
a whirling speck on which he had deposited his daugh-
ter and best-loved assistant.

  He started as the telephone whirred and disposed of
a student who wanted to make a trifling inquiry. Then
he went back to his watch again, listened to see if
his watch might have stopped. It was very still in
the laboratory, and when a small rill of water sud-
denly cascaded out of the cooling jacket of one of the
heavy-duty vacuum tubes, the noise seemed loud and
strident.

  A new thought was now harassing Professor Hai-
ley. Suppose that in that unthinkably small world,
there were dangerous creatures, whom Hale and Shir-
ley might be battling for their lives even at that mo-
ment. Perhaps this world might happen to be a blaz-
ing sun; suppose they had gasped their lives out on
a sterile and airless moon? He looked at his watch
again. The half-hour was almost up. A few more
minutes, and they’d be ready and waiting to come back
—wouldn’t do to turn on the ray while they might be

a short distance away, out of focus.--A few more

seconds--now!

WITH a fierce sweep, he threw the switch and the
violet light filled the glass bell again. Quickly
he reversed the current—then crept to the base of the
glass dome so that he might see the returned wan-
derers as soon as they grew into visibility.

  Within a few minutes a small cloudy patch appeared
in the glassy depression where the microscopic granule
of carbon lay. Before the physicist’s eyes this spot
resolved itself into hundreds of tiny dots—dots that
grew rapidly until they resembled minute upright pegs
—pegs that presently grew large enough to show arms
and legs. Small human-like creatures that were plainly
men and women by the time they were half an inch
tall. Men and women that grew and walked about,
and were evidently greatly perturbed.

  Hailey watched them with amazement until they
were a few inches tall. He did not move until they
began to be so crowded that there was danger of
smothering some of them. Then he leaped to the
switch to stop their growth, and lowered the green
disc until it was at the same level as the table, to
which some of the' more venturesome now jumped for
the sake of more room. As he watched them in stupe-
faction, looking vainly for McLaren and Shirley, a
man separated himself from the crowd, walked to the
edge of the table, made a deep obeisance, and called:

  “Where are we?”

  His voice was thin and reedy, like the chirp of an
insect, and his accent was slurred and difficult to
understand. Yet he spoke recognizable English.

  “You are on earth,” said Hailey automatically.

  This remark created the most profound impression.
A thin, sighing cry arose from the little people, and
many of them prostrated themselves. They wore filmy,
short robes that came to their kness, held to their
bodies by girdles. Men and women were dressed pretty
nearly alike, but there was a well defined plan of
ornamentation which distinguished the sexes.
OUT OF THE SUB-UNIVERSE

381

  The leader turned on them and cried:

  “Hark! Hark! Is it not as we, your priests, have
told you! To the faithful shall it be granted to be
carried from our vale of tears to the Earth, with its
portals of gold, where the milk and honey flows. You
have heard the voice of the Angel. In a voice of
thunder he has told you, you are at the gateway of
the Earth, while those who believe not shall be cast
into the outer darkness, where there is wailing and
gnashing of teeth!”

  Someone in the background began a hymn. The
mass of pygmy humanity joined, and the faint insect-
like chorus filled the room.

  Hailey addressed the priest again.

  “Where do you come from?"

  “We are citizens of Elektron, so named by our il-
lustrious ancestors, Hael, the Man, and Shuerrely, the
Woman, who came to our planet in its youth, aeons
and aeons ago—so many millions of years ago that
they are to be reckoned only in geological epochs.”
“How did you know the name of our earth?”

  “It was handed down to us from generation to gener-
ation. It is preserved in our monuments and temples,
and in the records of our wise men. We knew fos
many ages that it is the elysium of perfection—the
place of infinite happiness. For did ne'e our illustrious
forebears, Hael and Shuerrely, pino for the Earth,
though they came to our Elektron yfhen it was a young
planet with a soft climate, and rirn in luscious fruits?”
“You say Hale and Shirley^ came to your planet
many ages ago? Wasn’t your planet peopled then?”
“There were animals, some of terrifying size and
frightful armament. But our Earth-sent ancestors,
through superior cunning, overcame them, and their
children gradually conquered all of Elektron. We are
their descendants, but we have preserved their lan-
guage, and their traditions, and their religion, and we
treasured the Great Promise.”

  “The Great Promise?”

  “The Great Promise,” the Elektronite intoned, al-
most sonorously, despite his small size, “was given
us by Hael and Shuerrely. They declared that a great
wizard, an Angel of superlative power and under-
standing, would some day penetrate the vast empty
spaces of our starry universe and take us to the
Earth. On the spot where they first appeared, they
commanded that their children reside and await the
coming of the Angel, which they called Cosmicray.
Many were there who fell from that true religion,
but we have builded ourselves a temple on that sacred
spot, and The Great Promise has been kept!”

  Hailey said to them dully, pain in his heart, “I
am Shirley’s father and Hale’s friend, and it is not
an hour since I sent them to your Elektron!”

  But his grandchildren a thousand generations re-
moved, again prostrated themselves and burst into song
anew.

PROFESSOR HALLEY was in a decidedly awkward
position. He narrowly escaped being indicted for
murder. The disappearance of his daughter and his
assistant naturally provoked inquiry, and the ugly sus-
picion was current that he had done away with them
and consumed the bodies in his formidable looking
Cosmic Ray machine.

  Curiously enough, the proof which finally cleared
him of the murder suspicion got him into trouble
with the immigration authorities, who did not know
what to do with several hundred lilliputian people who
couldn’t be deported to anywhere. Professor Hailey posi-
tively refused to send them back to Elektron unless
they agreed to go of their own free will, and none
of them wanted to go back. Finally the immigration
authorities consented to admit the Elektronites under
bond, after they had been increased to normal size.
Friends were found who assisted them in adjusting
themselves to a new type of civilization, and accord-
ing to latest reports, most of them are getting along
very well.

  The writer, after many attempts, finally obtained
from Professor Hailey a first-hand account of his
experience and a detailed explanation of the operation
of his invention. Skipping the technical details, which
have nothing to do with this story, it is only neces-
sary to give here the professor’s own explanation of
the remarkably fast life-cycle as lived on Elektron.

  “I blame myself,” said Professor Hailey sadly, “for
overlooking this important point. While it is true
that the sub-universe resembles'our own; while it is
true that the electrons follow their orbits in a manner
analogous to the planets around the suns; yet I over-
looked the fact that due to the great difference in
size there is also an enormous difference in time. It
takes the earth a year to go around the sun; an
electron circles its positive nucleus millions of times
a second. Yet every time it completes its orbit it is
like a year to the inhabitants.

  “Before I had time to even blink an eye, Shirley
and Hale had lived, loved, died, and many generations
of their children had gone through their life cycles.
It was normal to them—to us it was unthinkably
brief.”

  He turned his patient face wearily toward the win-
dow, staring over the broad campus with unseeing
eyes. They say his scientific apparatus is dusty from
disuse, but the college board has decided to keep him
on the faculty as long as he lives. He is a gentle,
pathetic old man who will not live long.

The End.
TBe MENACE

  ■By David H.Keller,MD.

  Author of “A Biological Experiment,” “The Yeast Men,” etc.

0

j]AINE of San Francisco had been called to
New York. That, in itself, was an unusual,
unheard of and unprecedented happening.
For the first time in the history of the
two cities, the Atlantic Metropolis had
called upon the Secret Service of the Golden
Gate for help. While Taine, one of the shrewdest detec-
tives west of the Rockies, was rushing across the conti-
nent under sealed orders he considered this fact and
looked forward with eager anticipation to the time when
he would become acquainted with the problem, which
was apparently too difficult for the Eastern operators
to handle.

  Arriving in the great city he at once went to the Penn-
sylvania Hotel, where a room had been reserved for
him, and, in the privacy of that room, he opened and
read his sealed orders. He did so with a growing sense
of disappointment. He had expected something excit-
ing and instead was simply directed to wait in his room
till visited by an old man with puppies for sale. Of
these he was to offer to buy the black one.

  That was all.

  To Taine it looked like
an unnecessary piece of
nonsense.

However, he had hardly
time to unpack his baggage
when the telephone rang
and a voice at the other
end asked whether the
gentleman would like to
buy a fine puppy. Taine
said, “Perhaps,” and told
the man to come to his
room. In a short time a
knock at the door and a
chorus of little yelps was
heard. When the door was
opened, in came a little, old
Jewish peddler, carrying a
basket, which seemed filled
with dogs, little dogs of all
colors. Without speaking,

Taine closed and locked the
door, and then started to
look over the little dogs.

Finally he found one that
was solid black.

  “I’ll take this one he
said. “How much?”

 The Jew smiled and
handed him a scrap of paper. Then he put the cover on
the basket and, unlocking the door, left the room.

  The man from San Francisco locked the door, hung
his handkerchief over the keyhole, pu’Ied down the
shades and read the scrap of paper. It simply directed
him to open an account at the First National Bank.
That was all.

  When Taine followed this order he was told that
he would have to see the Cashier, but, when he fol-
lowed the bank watchman, he found himself in the
President’s office, and the President of the bank was
not alone.

  “I suppose,” said that official, “that you are Mr.
Taine, the detective sent us by the city of San Fran-
cisco?"

  The Westerner started to produce his identification
paper.

  “That is not necessary,” said the Bank President,
cordially. “Your selection of the black puppy was
enough to make us sure you were the man we have
been looking for. Now, let us get started and first let
me introduce these gentlemen. This is Mr. Tally of
the United States Secret Service, who has come espe-
cially from Washington for this meeting. The next
gentleman is Gray, the Chief of our city Secret Ser-
vice. You probably know Smith, who is an expert on
finger-prints. Next to him is Dr. Jenkins who is the
medico-legal adviser to our courts, and lastly, but of
equal importance is B. Bailey Biddle, President of the
New York Bankers’ Association. You may have thought
that our precautions were unnecessary but we have
had four private detectives on this matter, and every
one of the four has disappeared. We feel that they
have either met with foul play or have been bribed.

  That is one reason why
we wanted a total stranger,
one who was absolutely
unknown in the city. Now,
in order that you may un-
derstand the situation, I
will ask each of these
gentlemen to tell you brief-
ly what he knows about it.

  Suppose we start with
Smith.”

  "About a year ago, in a
Park Avenue apartment
house,” said that gentle-
man, "a man was shot. An
effort was made to hush it
up by bribing the police-
man who heard the shot.
He was a new man and
thought it was his duty to
rush the man to the hos-
pital and report the shoot-
ing at Headquarters. To
make a long story short,
the man died, but my de-
partment had time to make
his finger prints and take
his measurements. As soon
as he died he was buried by
his friends, and all we had was the record we had
made. We found that the prints and the measure-
ments were identical with those of a negro criminal,
well known some years ago to our Secret Service.
Unfortunately for our peace of mind, the dead man was
a white man. That has happened twice since then, and
we had to explain it or confess that our method of
identifying criminals was worthless. After the second
incident in which we also lost the body, we were all
on edge and when it occurred again, we held the body.
It took some rather clever work but we were able to
have Dr. Jenkins make a thorough examination of the

 UR well-known author, who has endeared
 himself to the hearts of Amazing Stories
 readers, has written a series of unique
 stories for the Quarterly. The four
 stories may be read separately, or in a
 series. It would be useless to attempt to
 revieui them in a preface of this kind.
 The only thing we can say is that these
 four stories are chock full of interest, and
 contain an excellent amount of science.

   A great many new ideas are brought
 out in these four stories. Although all the
 stories are definitely connected, each treats
 of an entirely different theme and can
 stand alone.

   While a prominent detective assumes an
 important rdle throughout this series,
 they are not detective stories in the usual
 sense of the ivord.

   We promise you a lively time with
 these stories. They will not fail to keep
 your interest, and you will follow the ad-
 ventures of the arch villains breathlessly
 until the end.

382
THE MENACE

383

corpse. He will tell you, himself, just what he found.”
"I can be very brief,” said Dr. Jenkins. “Talking is
not my strong point. My pathologists examined that
body in every way known to medical science and it was
the body of a white man. The hair, however, was that
of the negro race. No use going into details about it,
though. We felt, when we finished, that while it looked
like the body of a white man, it was somehow the body
of a negro, who had in some mysterious way turned
white: Of course such an idea was rather fantastic,
but not impossible, so we made a full report to Chief
Gray. He has been working on the problem and can
tell you about it.”

  “I wish I could,” said Gray. “If I could solve this
problem I would be very happy. We put two of our
best men on it and they simply dropped out of sight.
Then I had a Philadelphia operator sent over and he
never made a preliminary report. The Washington
man put in a call for help but by the time we arrived
he was gone and that was the end of him. It was
evident that we were up against a system that was as
clever as we were. So I called in the United States
Secret Service, and Mr. Tally has been working with
me for some months. Suppose we let him tell about
the international developments.”

  “One of the most interesting parts to that,” said
Tally, continuing the story, “has been the large amount
of gold transferred to New York from all the Conti-
nental countries, especially from France. No definite
information can be secured concerning this gold, save
that it is in bulk and the property of a small group
of foreigners, who are steadily buying New York real
estate with their wealth. We know fairly well who
these people are—that is, we know who they are now—
but it has been about useless to try and find out who
they were and where they secured their wealth. We
believe that as a group they are the richest financiers
in the world. Some of their purchases in this city
have been so unusual that no one, except the parties
directly concerned, know about them. We have a lot of
actual facts, a few surmises and one definite conclu-
sion. We are sure that a group of white men, from
continental Europe, have moved to New York and with
their great wealth have purchased large blocks of real
estate. This is all adjacent to Harlem. And, as fast
as it is purchased, it is being occupied by colored people.
Just what this means can only be surmised. Mr. Biddle
will tell you how it affects the financial interests of
America’s greatest city. The Government is inter-
ested in the problem, but the New York Bankers’ As-
sociation, being directly concerned, is financing this
investigation.”

«X7'OU are a stranger to our city and its problems,”
A began Mr. Biddle, in a low, impressive voice,
“and so it may be well to tell you something about
Harlem. It is a city within a city, and is populated
entirely by the colored race. There they have their
own theaters, hotels, department stores, homes and
apartment houses. During the day most of them work
for the white race in New York; at night they return
to their own city. We have depended on them for our
servants and laborers and have, to a great extent, en-
couraged their forming such a social and economic
center. For many years it has slowly increased in size
but this growth has been in strict proportion to the
growth of the entire city and so has been considered
normal and healthy. But the situation during the past
three years has been different and has given us all
reason for the greatest anxiety. In the first place
there has come to New York this group of foreigners,
who are so wealthy that our Association can only guess
as to what their total assets really amount to. They
are all well educated, and appear to be of the greatest

. . . Fire burst out like a volcano from the middle of the hun-
dred-story building. The upper fifty stories writhed in a use-
less effort to leap into the air, trembled, and then fell, crumpling,
twisting, turning like a tortured, dying animal . . .
384	AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

refinement. All of our society has been attracted to
them, and there have been several marriages between
their young people and ours, though this has been
frowned upon by our best families. These aristocrats
of the financial world are buying stocks, bonds, and
the control of many of our great industries. We believe
'they hold the larger part of several of our railroads.
They have fastened tightly to the food supplies. Some-
one has bought all the visible wheat and we believe that
they are to be found at the bottom of the firm who have
quietly bought several of our largest hotels. The most
peculiar thing is their real estate purchases. The
property around Harlem is being sold, and as fast
as it is being sold and the leases expire the tenements,
both houses and apartments, are being rented to colored
people. From all over the United States, Central
America and Europe, in fact wherever there are mem-
bers of that race, they are steadily moving to New
York, and in some way they are helped to make a
living. Each day it becomes harder for a white man
to secure work here, and every month a larger percent
of the work in the city is being done by colored labor.
That does not mean just pick and shovel work. They
ere going into the so-called white collar positions, and
the white men are forced to either associate with them
or to leave the city. Of course the rich are unaffected,
but when we find the controlling shares of a bank
stock in the hands of these wealthy foreigners, and one
of their number elected to the Presidency of the Bank,
it becomes a matter of great concern to us. During
the past year the white population of Greater New
York, and here I speak of all Caucasian groups in our
city, has remained absolutely stationary. On the other
hand, the colored population has gained five hundred
per cent.”

  He paused long enough to wipe the beads of sweat
off his face.

  "Can you see what it means? If this keeps up for
another ten years, New York will be a colored city>
Those of us who are left here will either have to recog-
nize the members of the race as social equals, or
move out. Can you imagine the last white man in the
city going through the vehicular tube in his automobile
and never returning? We feel that there is something
deadly and mysterious about the whole matter, and we
are asking you to solve it for us. Mr. Gray, you tell
him just what your plan is.”

  The Chief of the New York Secret Service pulled
out a small memorandum book, and changed his seat
£0 that he directly faced Taine.

  "Our investigation shows that your ancestors were
Italian and Spanish. Your father was born in Cali-
fornia but married a lady from Portugal. You speak
French fluently and are well acquainted with Asiatic
countries, like China and Hindoostan. During the
twenty years you have been in the San Francisco Secret
Service, you have never failed to solve the problem
assigned to you. You have a wife and several children.
We will give you a million dollars which will become the
property of your family, if you fail to return like the
other four men did. We want you to go right back to
California—do not even return to your hotel for your
clothes. Take the first steamer for Tokio and then go
down to Indo-China. There we will have you provided
with papers showing you are a French citizen. You
will then go to Paris and stay there some months as a
wealthy French Colonial. Then you will come to New
York with a reputation of being one of the richest men
in France—but you are to come as a colored man. We
will have you provided with letters of introduction.
There will be no trouble in making the necessary con-
tacts. Your deposits of several millions in the various
Harlem Banks, will at once make you socially promi-

nent. Stay there till you find out what is happening
in this city.”

  “A sweet job,” mused Taine. “How much can I draw
on you for?”

  “Any amount,” answered President Biddle. “I mean
just that—any amount that you need. Twenty-five,
fifty or a hundred million to be spent by you in any
way you see fit without any consultation or any
accounting. We feel that you are the man for the job
and that the big thing after brains is money. Your
finances will be provided through our Paris represen-
tatives. We want no reports until you have the
last and final one.”

  “You will be alone in this work,” resumed Chief
Gray, “but we will keep in contact with you. Con-
stantly we want you to wear, in New York, a white
carnation. If you want to communicate with us change
to a pink one, and we will look after the details. We
will let you out a side door and take you directly to the
Pennsylvania Station. You will buy a ticket and drawing
room for San Francisco, get off the train at Newark,
get into an automobile driven by a red headed Irish-
man with one arm and he will drive you to Montreal.
There you can take the Canadian Pacific to the west.
I have an idea that you may have been followed here,
and so you will take the usual precaution."

  Taine shook hands with all the men.

  "You are all as solemn as though you were attending
a funeral,” he said.

  “I hope it will not be your funeral,” replied Dr.
Jenkins.

CIX months later, Mr. Morosco Acquoine sat thought-
^ fully in his office. Well dressed, of olive com-
plexion, with classical features, he looked more like a
college professor than a Bank President As the head
of the Harlem Commercial Bank, he occupied a spe-
cially favored position in the social and financial life of
that portion of New York. His wife was one of the
social leaders, in fact there were many who considered
her The Social Leader. Their daughter, Florabella,
just graduated from a French convent, was perfectly
endowed by nature in every way to perpetuate the social
standing of the New York Acquoines. All that was
needed was just a little more wealth, and then?

  Mr. Morosco Acquoine was thinking about a letter he
had just received from Paris, telling him of the de-
parture for New York of a very interesting person, by
name Jules Gerome. He was from Indo-China where
he had amassed great wealth. No one could tell just
how much he was worth. He had been warmly re-
ceived by the colored colony in Paris and had enter-
tained elegantly and lavishly. Much to the disappoint-
ment of the Parisians he had decided to make New
York his permanent home, and would arrive shortly.
It was hoped that he would make the Harlem Com-
mercial Bank his chief depository. If he did, Mr.
Acquoine’s financial worries were at an end. Finally,
it was of interest to know that he had very regular
features, was very light in color and was unmarried.
As far as could be ascertained, his morals were exem-
plary.

  No wonder that the Bank President pondered over the
letter. It was not at all surprising that he wondered
vaguely whether such a man would by any chance be-
come interested in his daughter, Florabella Acquoine.

  A week later Mr. Jules Gerome sent in his card and
asked for a few minutes of Mr. Acquoine’s time.
Within a very few minutes Mr. Gerome was seated in
a comfortable chair, refusing a very expensive cigar.

  “I do not smoke,” said that young man sedately. “I
found years ago that it injured the pearly lustre of
my teeth. I have been through many hardships in my
life, but I have always taken the best care possible
THE MENACE

385

of my teeth; but it is not of that I wish to confer
with you. Here are some letters of introduction which
I trust will be sufficient to allow me to become a deposi-
tor in your bank.”

  “They are not necessary, Mr. Gerome,” answered the
Banker, cordially.

  “Perhaps not necessary, but usually a good thing. I
was advised to select you, not only as my depository,
but also as my fiscal agent.”

  “I will be pleased to serve you in any way. Do you
wish to open an account today?”

  "Yes, I came here direct from the steamer. Can you
secure a small furnished apartment for me, with a
competent valet and a cook? I want to be in my own
home by night time.”

  “That is a rather short time,” said Mr. Acquoine,
“but perhaps it can be arranged.”

  “I think so. My first deposit with you will be
twenty million dollars. Here are letters of exchange
for that amount in gold.”

  “I am sure that you will be in your own home before
bedtime,” said the Banker. “In fact, I am very sure of
it. We will go up to my home for dinner. I want you
to meet my family and rest from your trip, while my
agents are preparing for your needs.”

  “I do not want to put your wife to any trouble—”

  “I assure you it will be a pleasure.”

  At dinner that day the Banker tried to explain to his
wife how very important Mr. Gerome would be in the
business life of New York. The little stranger, how-
ever, assured the two women that such was not at all
the case.

  “I have been fortunate enough,” he remarked, very
quietly, “to amass in a very busy life considerable
wealth. I feel that this is not mine, but is really a
trust, and I am going to try and spend at least a part
of it, in this city, to help uplift my less fortunate
brothers and sisters. I have several ideas in my mind,
like founding a day nursery and opening night schools.
I want my race to rise, but while they are being ele-
vated, they must also be helped. I would like to be
remembered in New York as a philanthropist rather
than a philanderer, a man of charity rather than a
man of wealth. In order to learn how to help them I
must first learn to know them and I am sure that
Mrs. Acquoine will spend some time with me, teaching
me what I ought to know about the problems of the
colored race in America.”

  “I will be proud to help you, and so will Florabella,”
assented the proud matron, and while the daughter was
silent, her eyes were mute but eloquent witnesses of
her desire to be of assistance.

  From that day on, Mr. Jules Gerome led the life
appropriate to the richest bachelor in Harlem. He
became interested in the hospitals, day nurseries, night
schools and savings banks of the negro colony. He not
only visited them but he carefully studied them and
made handsome contributions, not only in cash, but in
suggestions leadng to their greater usefulness as well.
He made no effort to become a social leader, but more
and more his private suppers, for never over five
guests, were becoming the talk and despair of Harlem
aristocracy. There was such a great gulf between
those who had been guests on these occasions and
those who had not.

  More and more frequently he appeared in public as
the escort of Miss Florabella Acquoine. Small, with
regular features and only the faintest color, she pre-
sented a type of beauty that only an expert would have
refused to recognize as purest Caucasian. When the
young couple first appeared together at the theater,
all of Harlem was thrilled and pronounced themselves
perfectly satisfied with the match, and after that

  hardly a day passed but Mr. Gerome needed the assist-
ance of Miss Acquoine with his welfare work.

  The Banker realized that matters were looking
serious and wore a contented, perpetual smile. He
and his wife had always had other plans for their
daughter but, when it came to marrying millions, they
felt that their own desires could be set aside. In fact,
they believed that there was no need of making any
change in their arrangements, simply include the
wealthy Frenchman in them. He had several lengthy
interviews with the Powerful Ones in a Wall Street
office and then felt ready to go over the entire matter
with the man he hoped to make his son-in-law.

MB. JULES GEROME had been in New York three
months, when he called, by appointment, on Mr.
Morosco Acquoine. Both men were immaculately
dressed. Without hesitation, the Banker opened the
.conversation.

  “My wife tells me that you are paying more and more
attention to my daughter.”

   “I will have to admit it,” replied the smiling young
man.

   “Are your intentions serious?”

   “I have every reason to believe that the future will
show that they are.”

  "Suppose I should ask you to stop? What if I
told you that my idea was to have her marry a white
man?”

  "That would be foolish. No respectable white man
would marry her knowing what she was. She is a
lovely child, but she has the drop of blood in her—
you have the drop—so has your wife. Sooner or later
her husband would find it out and divorce her.”

  "We can separate her from us. We can send her
over the line—she can marry white and no one will
ever know.”

  Gerome shook his head.

   “Do not think of doing that. It would mean a life of
isolation from all her loved ones. She may pretend
to be white, but some day they will find her out. I
have longed to go over the line but so far I have stood
by my people. You know I could pass any day and
anywhere as pure white. Now if we only were white,
that would be a different matter.”

  “Suppose-” and the Banker hesitated to continue

in a whisper, “Suppose I knew a way by which the
three of us and you can actually become white. Would
you join us?”

  "That sounds impossible to me, but it is what I
have wanted all my life. Yes, I would go with you.”
“Would you marry my daughter?”

  “Why—I have not even talked of love to her. She
would have to be consulted—it is hard to tell about the
future. But this thing you propose is a dream, a
fantasy.”

  “No! It is real.”

   “I do not believe it."

  “Will you promise secrecy?”

  “I would promise anything to be white.”

  “Then listen to me. Five years ago a group of our
race discovered a source of gold. You observe that I
say source—and I use that word because I do not know
any other to use—but whether they found the gold or
whether they make it, the fact is that they are not one
of the rich groups of the world, but the richest. They
made up their minds to own New York, but their color
was an insuperable barrier to such ambition. Then
they added to their combination a brilliant physician.
He discovered something, I don’t know what, not being
a scientist, but it was something that turns a black
man, or a brown man, white. So this group changed
the color of a selected number of brilliantly educated,
capable colored men and women, supplied them with
386

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

  unlimited funds and started them in a quiet fight to
make New York a colored city. When the time comes,
every negro in the world, irrespective of his brains,
will be turned white. I have talked with the Powerful
Ones and have received permission for the four of us
to be changed. I will sell all my interests here, and
then we will take the treatment and make a trip around
the world. When we return, it will be with new names,
new interests and new ambitions. We will be white,
not just pretended white, but actually white. We will
join those who for the last five years have been leaders
in this movement, that will make the city of New
York our city and that will finally transform an entire
race.”

  “I am astonished!” cried Mi-. Jules Gerome, ner-
vously fingering the white carnation in his lapel. “I
am astonished, but not really surprised. I heard
rumors of this in Indo-China. Do you suppose that
I can be of any help—in any way?”

  “I believe so. In fact I know that you have been
under observation. No doubt you will be finally admit-
ted to the inner circle of the Powerful Ones—after you
have shown that you are worthy of trust.”

  Gerome appeared to be lost in deep thought. Finally
he said: “They seem to have a lot of money, but just
in order to show them that we are deeply interested,
you tell them we will give them twenty million, five
million for each of us, the day we receive the treat-
ment. That sum ought to help a little with the work;
at least it will be a proof to them of our deep sincerity.”
“But can you spare that sum?”

  “I can part with ten times that if I wanted to,”
was the nonchalant answer.

  “And you will go to Paris with us—with my wife
and daughter?”

  “If that is what they want me to do, I see no use
of protesting?”

  “I shall tell them of your decision and your offer.”
“Do so at once. Now that I have arrived at the
decision I can hardly wait. I see now how I can make
my wealth and position in life worth something. I
will return to Indo-China and make that a white spot
on the face of Asia.”

  “And you will take Florabella with you?”

  "If we are married I do not see how I can keep
her away from me.”

  The two men parted that night, each thoroughly
satisfied with the way destiny was shaping his life.

HIGH above the rest of New York towered the
Center Internationale. At the ground it rested
on four city squares. For fifty stories it reared its
colossal bulk without contraction, then it gradually
became smaller for thirty more stories. From there it
rose, a gorgeous spire of flashing windows and cop-
pered frame work for twenty additional levels, ending
in a golden serpent.

  The lower half was tenanted by lawyers, physicians
and business firms of all description. The upper half
was generally supposed to be occupied by an ultra-
fashionable club, concerning which there was much
rumored and little known.

  The battery of elevators ran from the first to the
fiftieth floor. That floor was unoccupied by tenants,
being merely a large lobby. Those having the right to
enter the upper half evidently knew how to do so but
the modus opemndi was not apparent.

  Mr. Jules Gerome, being told over the telephone that
the time had come for the long anticipated meeting with
the leaders of this new movement, those mysterious
unknowns called by Mr. Morosco Acquoine, THE
POWERFUL ONES, passed the night in writing and
meditation. His correspondence consisted of a lengthy
report covering his entire knowledge up to that time—

  and a short letter of affection to his wife and daugh-
ters. His meditation was mainly concerning his real
belief in the doctrine of predestination. As a proper
beginning to the new day he strolled out after break-
fast and purchased two dozen red carnations. Twenty-
three of these he neatly decapitated, placing the heads
in his various pockets, while he put the twenty-fourth
in his button-hole. Passing down the Avenue he was
almost run into by a subservient, whining Servian, who
asked him if he did not want to buy a puppy. The
whining of the little dogs stung his memory like a
lash and he asked if the man had a jet black one.
The man had one but the breed was not suitable for
an aristocratic French Colonial, so after some argu-
ment Gerome continued his walk, while the Servian
hailed a Yellow Cab and disappeared: but in his basket,
under the puppies, were a red carnation and two letters:

   That noon Mr. Jules Gerome lunched tete-a-tete with
Miss Florabella Acquoine. The table was decorated
with pink carnations, from which the dapper millionaire
renewed his wilted bouttonierre. He also, in an absent
minded manner, pulled the stems of others of the
flowers, placing the flowers in his pocket. Florabella
was deliciously vivacious, while her escort was quietly
adoring in his aristrocratic mood. Anyone could tell,
just by watching them, that they were very happy in
their anticipatory dreams.

   Going out to his automobile Gerome dropped the head
of a red carnation. As the car passed through Harlem
he tossed, now and then, a flower through the open
window.

  “Please stop that,” pleaded Florabella. “You make
me nervous. If they were only smaller they would
seem like drops of blood you scatter in your path.”

  Mr. Jules Gerome patted her hand and told her not
to worry.

   He left her at her Father’s home, promising to call
for the three of them promptly at five-thirty that
evening.

  At that time the four of them entered the Acquoine
car, the women dressed in the height of fashion, the
evening clothes of the men somber black, only accentu-
ating the gorgeous elegance of the jewels and furs
worn by their ladies. Their clothing indicated a night
of pleasure, their manner an evening of apprehensive
gloom. They left their car at the Center Internationale,
and walked to one of the express elevators which went
to the fiftieth floor without a stop. As he entered the
elevator, Gerome dropped several carnations on the
floor.

  Leaving the elevator, the party entered the floor
which marked the separation between the two parts
of the building. Here long rows of marble columns
separated the large floor into several plazas, the outer
of which, open to the air, were being used as roof
gardens, open-air restaurants and dancing pavilions.
The floor was thronged with hundreds of men and
women, whose dress and general manner marked them
as leaders in the aristocracy of the world.

  Passing into one of the restaurants, Mr. Morosco
Acquoine beckoned to the head-waiter, gave him his
name and stated that he had ordered supper served in a
private room. The head-waiter remembered the order
perfectly and led them to a small dining-room, just large
enough for four. Here supper was served, and the
doors closed.

   None of the party seemed to have much appetite.

  The conversation did not approach the brilliancy of
the glass-ware.

  As they ate, Gerome noticed, or thought he noticed,
a slight shifting of the entire room. He closed his eyes
and concentrated on the sensations which came to him
from different parts of his body. Finally he decided
that his first suspicion was correct.
THE MENACE

387

  The private dining room was simply a camouflaged
elevator.

  While they were eating their supper, they were being
slowly carried upward. Gerome shrugged his shoulders
and kept quiet. He did not want to have two hysterical
females to care for.

  Now and then the door opened and another course
was served.

  Finally, after the ice and coffee, the door was again
opened and the same obsequious head-waiter who had
ushered them into the room, appeared to usher them
put.

  They walked out of the room into a different world.
The two women were asked to wait in a tiny parlor; the
men were asked to follow the waiter.

  In a few seconds they found themselves in what
seemed to be a business office. Around a small mahog-
any table sat five white men. There were three empty
chairs.

  Mr. Morosco Acquoine and Mr. Jules Gerome were
given seats. The remaining chair remained unoccupied.

  Cigars were passed. Acquoine took one and started
to smoke in an agitated manner. Gerome refused with
% blas6, but polite gesture.

  “I do not smoke,” he said quietly to the stranger at
his side, “I found out years ago, that it injures the
pearly lustre of my teeth. I have been through many
hardships in my life, but I have always tried to take
the best care possible of my teeth. Once gone they can
never be replaced.”

  The man he addressed looked at him as though he did
not hear a word he said. Then a gong sounded in a
neighboring room. Again and again it boomed with a
gentle but positive rhythm. Gerome started to dig long
forgotten sounds out of his sub-conscious memories.
Suddenly he recalled an evening, floating down the
Congo, in a native dug out—He sat just a little
straighter in his chair, saying to himself, between mo-
tionless lips: “By all that’s Holy! That is the tom-
tom.”

HE looked at the men seated around the table. With-
out exception they seemed to be autocrats of the
business world, cultural leaders, Chesterfields: yet all of
them were gently moving their heads and bodies in
harmony with the rhythm of the drum-beat, and no one
spoke till the throbbing waves of sound ceased to invade
the deep silence of the room. Then, and then only did
one of the older men speak, in perfect English, with
well chosen words and a pronounciation that could only
have been gained at Oxford.

  “We are so glad to have you gentlemen with us this
evening. It means so much to us. When Mr. Morosco
Acquoine decided to join us we looked on it as the usual
thing for a man of his position to do, but when you,
Mr. Jules Gerome, not only threw your lot in with ours,
but in addition offered us twenty million for propaganda
purposes, we considered it an event. It is very unusual
for a man like you, with your boundless wealth and
great influence, to freely offer such a gift: in fact, Sir,
it is a magnificent gesture, and one for which you will
be well repaid. I am sure that nothing but the most
deadly hatred of the white race could have impelled
you to take such an important step. May we ask the
details leading up to that hatred?”

  “I will be glad to tell you about it. I was but a
mere slip of a lad in Indo-China, just a bit of a boy,
when I had a difference of opinion with an overseer.
Unable to conquer me in a fair fight, he secured help,
had me thrown to the ground and then kicked me in the
face, knocking out several of my teeth. So extensive was
the damage, that I have to wear a rather large upper
plate, which I will now show you, as proof that the
sordid tale is true.” Mr. Gerome placed before them,

on the polished surface of the mahogany table, an upper
plate, left it there for a full minute and then replaced
it.

  “I felt confident,” continued the first speaker, “that
something like this had happened to you. I am sure
that it makes us more willing than ever to admit you to
our councils. As we have some moments to spend
before this other chair is occupied, I will take the
opportunity of explaining to you very thoroughly just
what we are doing and how we are doing it.

  “You no doubt are thoroughly familiar with thej
effort made throughout the world to advance the inter*
ests of our race. England freed her slaves by purchase,
while the United States made them free, solely as a
political movement, to enable the Northern States to
win the Civil War. After that war, various efforts
were made by well meaning individuals and organiza-
tions to help the negro rise economically but never
socially. Throughout the white world, but especially
among the Nordic peoples, the Caucasians could never
forget that they were white and the negro was black,
just as if the matter of color made any vital difference.
That was the way they felt—we produced poets, play-
wrights, musicians, authors of no mean ability—and
while we were made much of—they could never forget
that we were black. Ten years ago a few of us gave
up the effort, and looked for a way of escape—not from
our race—but from our color. A peculiar and fortunate
combination of circumstances made some of us feel that
the hand of God was in it and behind it, though no
doubt our enemies more likely call it the claw of the
Devil.

  “We were fortunate in securing the aid of a chemist
and a physician who was more of a scientist than a
doctor. We pooled our finances, established, after the
greatest effort, a fund of over a million dollars and
handed it to these two men. Somehow they were to
produce wealth and whiteness. We believed at the time
that white bodies were useless without wealth and that'
wealth was of no avail with discolored epidermis.

  "These two men toiled, but it was a labor of love.
Within a year they had expended the million. We
raised another million. We sold all we had, borrowed
all we could, stole as we might, and then we worked.
One of us was a Pullman porter, another a valet, and
one even worked as a street cleaner. Living on almost
nothing, we gave our combined income to the cause. Ati
the end of three years the chemist produced a few
diamonds, but the market could not absorb enough of
such stones to satisfy our ambition, and we urged him
to concentrate upon gold. To our great satisfaction he
succeeded, not in making it, but in extracting it. You
no doubt are aware that there is gold everywhere, even
in the air, but in such minute quantities as to make it
commercially valueless. Our chemist invented a means
of separating it from the ocean. The details are of no
interest to you at this time, but we built a yacht with
a twelve-inch pipe running through it to a central
laboratory and then to the stern of the ship. The water
simply ran through the ship, while the chemist smoked
his pipe and the Captain kept one eye on the weather.
Periodically they came to port and unloaded their cargci
—a most interesting performance, as far as we were
concerned. Of course we put the gold to work; idle
wealth is useless to everyone. The money was invested
and reinvested till the original source was concealed by
all the changes, and then it was brought to America.

  “We had no trouble in buying anything we wanted to;
buy. I assure you that selling a man something for
actual cash and meeting him socially are two different
things, especially if one man is a negro; anyway we
bought stocks, bonds, real estate, and in some cases
even secured control of railroads, but even though we
388

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

were the owners, we could not elect the officers, or even
the directors: we had to keep our activities covered.

  "We spent a lot of money in education: every young
man of promise, with clear complexion and regular
features was sent to Europe to be developed along some
distinct line that would be of benefit to us if we ever
could become white. You can easily understand that we
were in a position to buy a city, even buy New York
itself, if only we could become white: that is what we
hoped our scientist would accomplish—and he did.

«T7'OR centuries there has been a disease known to

  J/ Dermatologists as vitiligo or leukoderma—but
perhaps it would be better to let Dr. Semon tell you
the story. He deserves all the credit for it—it is his
discovery, and he can explain just what it means better
than I can. Dr. Semon, will you kindly continue
elucidating the narrative?”

  “With pleasure,” replied that gentleman, “and I trust
that I shall be able to put it into plain language so our
friend can follow the thread of the argument. You see
the difference between the negro and the white is
mainly a matter of pigment, and the medical literature
showed that now and then, very rarely it is true, but
often enough to cause scientific attention, the pigment
of a black man disappeared, leaving him white. Levi,
the Parisian, described three such cases in 1865: Hall
of Louisville reported a case, while many others have
occurred in the West Indies. My task was to find out
just what happened in such a case to take the pigment
out of the skin and keep it out. Some investigators
thought it was a complication of syphilis, while others
considered it to be due to a disturbance of the glands
of internal secretion. That was my problem—and I am
happy to say that I solved it—after many sleepless
nights. My first cases were of the criminal class and
several of them, killed under unpleasant circumstances,
attracted the attention of the Secret Service. After
that we were more careful of our cases and avoided any
further notoriety.

  “To put it briefly, I developed something like a
serum. The dose was rather bulky at first and the
serum needed at least three months to finish its work,
but now five drops, given through a hypodermic needle,
turns a black man white in twenty-four hours. In the
case of an octoroon with regular features, the final
result is perfect—almost too perfect. I often advise
several weeks at the seashore to add a coat of tan.

  “When we knew that we had a treatment that we
could depend upon, we were able to advance more
rapidly. All of our brilliantly educated men received
the serum and were at once given positions of trust in
the various corporations we owned. The women we
treated were married to white men and used as spies,
and it is only fair to state that not one of them
in any way betrayed the trust we placed in them. Over
a thousand of our comrades have been white for some
time.

  "We built this building and called it the Center
Internationale. The first fifty floors are rented to the
public but, from that level on, admission is only granted
to our comrades. You will be interested in the use we
make of these upper fifty floors. There are offices,
laboratories and store rooms, and most important, our
Temple, where two thousand of our race can worship or
meet in our fortnightly consultations. We run our busi-
ness according to the most approved methods: for
example, we have over ten million of our race in
America thoroughly card indexed.

  "Naturally you will want to know something of our
plans for social equality. While we do not encourage it,
we have not taken any definite steps against inter-mar-
riages with the white race. If one of our intelligensia
is turned white and he wants to marry a white woman,

we permit the marriage. Of course they have had and
will have children of mixed blood but our physicians
inject one drop of serum into the child at birth and any
tendency to develop pigment is at once checked. As I
told you before, our converted white women are encour-
aged to marry into the Caucasian race so they can
become spies. As our men and women are always
wealthy, they have had no difficulty in contracting
suitable marriages. For example, one of our women is
the daughter-in-law of Mr. B. Bailey Biddle, the Presi-
dent of the New York Bankers’ Association. As my
interest is wholly with the development and use of the
serum, I will stop talking and let some one else take
over the story of our plans.”

  The first speaker now resumed the thread of conver-
sation.

  "Now you can understand, Mr. Jules Gerome, that,
with unlimited gold at our command and a positive
method of destroying the pigment in the skin, the only
question remaining to be solved was how far we should
go and whether we should take any steps to make the
entire negro race white. This has been very carefully
considered by the gentlemen you have met tonight, who
are known in our organization as THE POWERFUL
ONES. Our final decision and the plans for putting
them into operation will be explained to you at this
time by our Mr. Koons.”

  And at once a dignified looking man, seated next to
Mr. Morosco Acquoine, began to tell his part of the
plans.

«T WAS selected for this work, Mr. Gerome, because

 1 I had had some experience as an organizer.
Several negro organizations, such as the one known to
white folks as THE SONS AND DAUGHTERS OF I
WILL ARISE, owed their beginning and popularity to
my efforts. Naturally it was not at all hard to wield
the negroes of the United States into a compact, well
functioning secret society, especially when they found
that there was no expense attached to membership, but
finally there would come a white skin and social
equality. Our organization contains practically every
negro in the States, well divided into small Lodges and
each Lodge has either a physician, a dentist, or a nurse
capable of giving a hypodermic. After we made up
our minds to extend the benefit of a white skin to the
entire negro race, it became necessary to prepare over
ten million hypodermics, each loaded with the five drops
of serum necessary to decolorize one person. These
have been packed up into small packages, each bundle
containing enough doses to care for the membership of
one Lodge. Each bundle is carefully labeled. Their
distribution begins tomorrow morning. We will allow
enough time for all the packages to be delivered; then
all over the States, on the last day of the year, these
hypodermics will be emptied under the skins of ten
million negroes. On the next day, the first of January,
in town, city and country, on sugar plantation and
stock-yard, our race in this part of the world will be-
come white. Do you see the idea of choosing that day?”

  "Indeed I do!” replied Gerome, enthusiastically. "It
will be a new year, the first day of a new life for the
race.”

  "That is partly correct, but remember that it was on
this day that Lincoln issued the final decree of his
famous Emancipation Proclamation, giving liberty
to our race. On the same day we will give them white
skins. Of course we cannot at this time fully realize
the disturbance that this will cause those who think
they are the actual rulers of this country. No doubt
they will be considerably agitated. But what can they
do? They cannot kill us: in a large proportion of the
cases they will not even be able to recognize us, any
more than they have been able to identify the thousand
THE MENACE

389

of us in New York City. We expect some trouble and
are prepared for it. In fact the fifty-first floor of this
building is a carefully prepared arsenal. We have
enough trench mortars and high explosives there to do
so much damage that just the mere threat will make
the leaders of this city willing to agree to any com-
promise.

  “Once these millions of negroes are made white, we
will start them in business. With white skins, unlim-
ited capital and boundless ambition, they will easily
secure control of the commerce of the nation. We will
fill Congress with them. The whites will elect a
President, a white President, but he will be one of our
race. If a man can be elected a Senator by spending
half a million, we can elect a President by spending
two hundred million. With the States in our control,
we will go on and conquer the world.”

  “It is an ambitious programme,” said Jules Gerome.
“I am glad that I am considered worthy of having a
part in its execution.”

  "One more thing,” said the man who, up to that
time had been silent. “I am the man who planned
this building. Normally there is ample communication
between the upper and the lower half, but by my side
is a button. I press that button and that communica-
tion is destroyed. Every stairway is blocked, every
elevator out of commission. At the present time there
are over a thousand of our comrades worshipping in our
temple. I press this button and they stay in the
upper half till I press it again. They cannot even get
out through the windows. We have enough food for a
prolonged stay. Of course an army could eventually
conquer us, but in doing so, it would destroy the
richest part of the city. The point that I wanted to
make is that when I press the button, as I am doing
now, no one can either enter or leave this part of the
building.”

  “How interesting,” murmured Mr. Jules Gerome.
“And now,” said the first speaker, “we have confided
freely to you our hopes and ambitions. What is your
opinion of the programme?”

  “Stupendous!”

  "Are there any questions you wish to ask us?”

  “Yes. Why did you go so freely into all these
details? It seemed to me that you wanted me to know
all about everything."

  “We wanted to tell you about it, because we were
sure that you would never betray us.”

  “Your confidence in me touches me deeply.”

  “We know that you will never reveal anything to
any of our enemies.”

  “I am pleased that you think so highly of my in-
tegrity.”

  “I am sure that the future will show us that we
were not mistaken.”

  "Undoubtedly.”

  "Then we will go on with the evening’s work. As
you are a new brother, we wish to present you with a
bouquet of flowers. Have you any choice?”

  “None at all.”

  The man reached under the table and handed him
some flowers.

  “Then in the name of our cause we, THE POWER-
FUL ONES, present you with a dozen red carnations.”
Gerome took them with a slight bow.

  “I thank you,” he replied. "A very appropriate
selection.”

  "We also wish to give you a small animal, a mascot,
an emblem of our race.” He clapped his hands, and at
the signal a subservient, whining Serbian entered the
room and handed him a black puppy.

  Mr. Jules Gerome took the trembling puppy in his
hands, and rubbed his cold nose against his cheek.

Then he put it into the warm protection of his Tuxedo
■pocket.

  "I thank you for the little fellow,” he said softly.
"I have always been fond of dogs, especially little ones.
And now what?”

  Just then a door opened and there entered the room

GEROME heard the shuffling of footsteps behind him,
but he did not turn his head to see who was there.

  Out of the corner of his eye he saw a hand coming
over his shoulder, a large hand in a kid glove, and in
the hand were two envelopes. These were dropped on
the table in front of him. Gerome recognized them—•
one his report, the other the letter to his wife.

  “The game is over, Mr. Taine,” whispered a velvety
voice in his ear.

  “I am half inclined to agree with you,” replied
Taine of San Francisco, putting the two envelopes in
his pocket.

  Then the shuffling continued—toward the direction
of the empty chair.

  Taine looked straight in front of him, but Mr.
Morosco Acquoine collapsed, almost fainting in his
chair. He had seen the occupant of the chair before
that person had come into the vision of Taine.

In fact Taine was thinking so fast and so hard
that for a few seconds he was not looking at anything.

  “Then the velvety voice broke the silence.

  “Mr. Taine, will you please look at me. I want to
talk to you and it is difficult to talk to anyone who does
not seem to pay attention. In fact I am not used
to being ignored.”

  Taine took a deep breath, turned his face and looked
at the occupant of the chair.

  “Are you not rather surprised, Mr. Taine?”

  “I certainly am,” replied Taine, of San Francisco.

  And he really was.

  For in the chair sat a woman—a well formed, rather
beautiful woman, in a white satin gown, embroidered
with pearls and spangles. She had on long white
gloves, which reached above her elbows, but the upper
arms were bare.

  A golden coronet set with diamonds circled her brow.

  But the thing that had surprised Taine was not her
sex, but her color.

  She was jet black. She smiled at Taine, and for the
first time in his life, Taine was afraid. Then she
started to talk.

  “All great organizations, Mr. Taine, must have a
religion to hold their units together. We recognized
this early in our history and as even the best of us
were only a few hundred years from Africa, we decided
that some type of Voodoo worship would appeal most
to our followers. Of course nominally we are Catholics,
or Episcopalians or Baptists, but when we worship in
the Temple, we bow down before the serpent and I
am proud to be the High Priestess. Our particular
representation of the God is over thirty feet long, and
at present is restless and rather hungry. It is a species
of boa constrictor; you will recall that they do not
bite, but slowly squeeze their morsel of food and then
swallow it whole. This particular boa is very fond of
detectives, having developed that taste, from the fact
that fate made it possible for him to swallow four in
the last two years. Naturally, with a hungry divinity,
it is the duty of his Priestess to satisfy that hunger,
and we will try to do so tonight. The first part of our
worship is drawing to a close but there are still some
ceremonies to be attended to before we show the snake
to his people and appease his appetite—for detectives.
We will ask you to walk into the adjoining bathroom
and remain there. When we are ready for you we will
call you. You will find the window securely barred,
390

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

The revolver you have in your pocket is useless, your
valet having filled it today with blank cartridges. I
trust that you will occupy your time well—you might
take a bath—Ourebouras always likes his food clean.”
“Just one moment before I go,” said Taine. “I am
not a very well educated man, and I may not see this
thing clearly, but I want to say a few things that hap-
pened to come to me as I sat here this evening listen-
ing to you talk. In the first place, Madam, I want to
ask you a question—When you had the ability to be-
come white, why have you stayed black?”

  The woman laughed.

  “Why should I want to be white—when I hate them
so? I appreciate the way my brethren feel about it—
perhaps I would feel that way had I a drop of white
blood in my body, but as far as I know I am black—
and I am as proud of that as though I were born
white. I hate the white race—I want to crush them—
I am willing to do all I can to make the black race
white, if that is what most of them want, but person-
ally I am perfectly satisfied with my color. I hate
white people too much to be one myself.”

  “You need not worry, Madam,” replied Taine, coolly.
"Because you have shown me tonight something that
I always felt, and am now sure of. Your race can
change the color of their skins but they cannot change
the color of their souls. No matter how white they
may become, they will always remain black inside.
When the tom-tom sounded a while ago these white
men of education and refinement and wealth swayed
in their chairs and inside them their souls fell at your
feet to worship you and your snake. I have seen that
sort of thing on the Congo. A sea of white-wash
cannot change you. The race was made black and will
stay black.

  “It is not for me to say that you have not been
wronged. No doubt you have, for thousands of years,
but two wrongs never made a right and if you are
trying to get what is due you, you are working in
the wrong way to solve the problem. You are not
really trying for Justice, but for revenge. You may
turn the black man white but ultimately he will remain
—just—a—nigger.”

  “I ought to kill you for that last word—but I do not
want to take away the pleasure my followers have
looked forward to all fall. Gentlemen, see that Mr.
Taine is securely locked in the bathroom, but do not tie
him in any way. I want him to take a bath if he
cares to.”

  Taine walked around the table to Mr. Acquoine.

  “I am sorry your plans did not work out according to
your dreams. Be sure to give my kind regards to
Florabella and tell her that being a detective is a hard
life, even at the best.”

  Then he took Dr. Semon’s arm and walked to the
bathroom. As he entered, he turned and looked at the
black woman.

  “I remember you now, Madam. Ever since I saw
you I knew that I had seen you before, sometime in my
past. You used to be called Ebony Kate, in the old days
of San Francisco, before the fire. You were wise in
not trying the serum. If they injected a barrel of it
into you, they couldn’t change the color of your skin
or of your soul.”

  “I suppose,” said the woman, smiling, “that you are
trying to get me to kill you right now. Shoot you or
strangle you. You are trying to see if you can make
me mad. Well you fail. That’s what you do. You
fail! So shut the door and think about things while
you have time and when we are ready, we will come
for you.”

  Taine went into the room and they locked the
door behind him.

HE walked noiselessly around the little room, appar-
ently deep in thought but in reality making a
careful examination of every detail of the room’s con-
struction. He was still occupied with this task when
he saw the door open. The woman he had called
Ebony Kate stood in the doorway.

  “I just had to come back, Mr. Taine. I just couldn’t
go on with it, without giving you a chance. The other
men were cowards but you—anyone could see that
you don’t know what fear is. You is just the man
I’se been alooking for. I wants you and wants you
bad. Our Doctor has another drug and we have tried
it enough to know that it works. It turns a white man
black—black like I am. You take the serum and come
and live with me. I am tired of this game here and
I’ll be glad to quit. I can buy any place you want—
a whole island in the Pacific if you say so—youse and
I would be Gods among those islanders. That’s what
I came back to offer you—all the gold you want, and
me.”

  “Why not go and buy a black man?”

  “I don't want that kind. I’se want a man which has
a white man’s mind and a black man’s skin. I has
lived for three years monst these converted blacks and
the dope didn’t do a thing to their souls. You ought
to see how they act—down in the temple—when
snakey and me puts on our show. White? Why the
only thing white about them is their skins. You take
a shot and pull out with me.”

  “It is my personal opinion," replied Taine, “that
you do not know what you want or what is good for
you any more than the others do. The only thing I
admire in you is your desire to stay as God made you
—and your nerve. It must take a lot of nerve for you
to pull off that kind of a show—and get away with it.”
The woman turned and walked to the door of the
large room, the one with the mahogany table in it.
Just before she passed through the doorway, she turned.

  “Quite natural for you to turn me down—but I was
meaning it. Of course I might have known—after you
saw that I was Ebony Kate—I might have known then
that it was useless for me to come back. Still, you
give me credit for trying to save your life, and I
could have done it—been an easy job to pick up a
white man to take your place. Make yourself com-
fortable. I am going to lock you in here instead of
the bathroom—youse can’t get out anyway. Goodbye—i
youse can’t blame anyone for this ’cept yourself.”
“Oh, that is all right. A word of advice. Why not
learn to talk good English when you are excited instead
of that horrible dialect?”

  Instead of answering, the woman shut and locked
the door.

  Taine went over to the door and tested it. No doubt
about it being locked. Then he went over and sat
down at the table, in the chair where the main speaker
of the evening had sat. Taine started to think out
loud.

  “Just as well that I won’t make a report. No one
would believe me—think I was insane. What a story!
This is a great life—if you don’t weaken. A lot of
those thousand may be in earnest but I judge that the
leaders are a lot of high class criminals—well edu-
cated—but none the less crooks—smart, though—look
at the way they played with me—told me everything
and knew all the time it was perfectly safe. By the
Seven Sacred Caterpillars! Here is a telephone right
at my elbow. Hullo! Give me Rhinelander 100—Is
this police headquarters? Hell!! That was Dr. Semon
talking to me. Might have known they were just
playing with me.”

  He looked at the table. There was something about
a button. If the man pressed a button no one could
leave the upper half of the building. Now if only he
THE MENACE

391

could press that button, and then tear the wire—he
would have them all prisoners even if they did kill him
—and there was—no! not one button, but ten, in a row
—all alike. He looked at them carefully, moving his
chair closer to the table—and as he did so, his toe
struck a projection—under the thick carpet.

  Pulling the carpet to one side he saw a circular
plate. What he had struck with his toe was the iron
handle in the center of the plate. When he lifted the
plate he simply saw a hole, with sides of polished metal.
It was hard to tell how deep the tube was or where it
ended. It was even difficult to imagine where it ended.
Taine took a silver dollar out of his pocket and tossed
it in. A whining sound came from the void which
grew fainter till it ended in silence.

  "I think I will try it!” exclaimed Taine. "Anything
is better than to stay here. But first I will load my
revolver. That was a good idea to carry some car-
tridges in my shoe heel......Now that is done.......

I feel better. I am willing to take any chance to keep
that snake from eating this poor little puppy sleeping
so calmly in my pocket—I personally do not think they
have a snake large enough to eat a man—but a dog—■
that is different. Now if only I could tell which button
to press. Suppose I press them all? Press them all
and then jump into the tube; and jump quick too—no
telling what will happen if I press all ten. I would
like to stay here and see just what does happen, but
I feel that no matter what is at the other end of the
tube, I am safer there—than here. I will press every
button, throw the table to one side, tearing all the
wires from the buttons and then Fido and I will see
what is at the other end of the tube.”

  He pressed against each button—firmly.

  Then he turned the table over, tearing the copper
wires away from the buttons.

  Then he went, feet first, into the polished tube.

  He went down, but it was not unpleasant.

  He had an idea that he was going around in a spiral.

  Suddenly he dropped out on a well padded floor-^
into a well lighted room. It was evidently a bed-
room. A mulatto girl in maid’s dress sat sewing by a

dressing table. Taine had her covered with his re-
volver a second before she saw him.

  “Who lives here?” he asked, in a whisper.

  "Madam Octavia,” she replied, shaking with fright.

  "The black woman?”

  “Yes.”

  Making her go in front of him, he walked over to
a window and ordered her to open it. He saw that they
were on the second floor. Several blocks away the
illumined spire of the Center Internationale rose tower-
ing in graceful bulk toward the foggy sky.

  And even as he looked, a dull roar made the floor
shake under Taine’s feet. Fire burst out like a volcano
from the middle of the hundred story building. The
upper fifty stories writhed in a useless effort to leap
into the air, trembled, and then fell, crumpling, twist-
ing, turning like a tortured, dying animal—fell slowly
—down—down—until it came to rest in the ruins of
the buildings it crushed in its doom.

  Taine shivered.

  The mulatto, unconscious, lay at his feet.

  The black puppy whined in the Tuxedo pocket and
rubbed his wet nose against Taine’s hand.

  The San Francisco detective walked out of the apart-
ment and down to the ground. As fast as he could, he
walked away from that part of the city. In fact he
went back to the apartment that had been his home for
all those months of life as Mr. Jules Gerome. He was
not afraid of his valet—in fact he very correctly
judged that he would not have any trouble with him
—not now.

  From the apartment, he telephoned to Mr. Biddle and
to Gray, Chief of the Secret Service of the city. They
came to see him, and listened to his story. As they
listened, they looked at the puppy, eagerly lapping
cream from a saucer of solid gold.

  “And now,” said Taine, finishing, "if you have no
objections, I will take an express for San Francisco.
I have been away so long from my family that I
naturally am quite anxious to see them. You can
send me a check for any sum you think the job was
worth to you.”

2.	The Gold Ship

RANCE HAS OFFERED TO PAY HER
ENTIRE DEBT.”

  That announcement, made to the Cabinet by
the President of the United States, was certainly suffi-
cient cause for the ripple of suppressed surprise and
excitement that the gentlemen of that body showed.
Yet these officials remained silent, for it was evident
that the President had not finished with his announce-
ment. After a rather deliberate pause, he continued:

 “IN ADDITION SHE HAS OFFERED TO
ASSUME AND PAY THE ENTIRE DEBT OF ALL
THE ALLIES AND OF GERMANY TO THE UNITED
STATES.”

  And still the Cabinet remained quiet.

 “IF WE ACCEPT THE PROPOSITION MADE BY
FRANCE, NOT ONE NATION IN THE WORLD
WILL OWE THE UNITED STATES ONE DOLLAR."

  The Cabinet, now feeling at liberty, started a bom-
bardment of questions.

  “What are their conditions?” asked the Secretary of
Commerce.

  “Where are they going to get the money?” snapped
the Attorney-General.

  “There’s a nigger in the woodpile!” exclaimed the
Secretary of Agriculture, who was from Arkansas,
and though very brilliant, reverted to the homely
language of the Ozarks when he became excited.

  “I am unable to answer your question,” said the
President. “All I know is that we have received this
offer from the French Government, sent through their
Ambassador, to our Secretary of State. They propose
to pay the entire debt at once in gold. All they want
is our statement of willingness to accept their proposi-
tion. We have communicated with Great Britain and
Italy, and all we can find out is that they have agreed
to let France pay their debt to us on terms and con-
ditions that they do not care to tell us. Evidently
they think that so long as we are paid, the details
of the agreement between them and France are not our
affair. I have called this conference for an answer.
What shall we say to France? First I want the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to tell us just what such a
payment will mean to us.”

  The gentleman called on took his time before begin-
ning to speak. He deliberately lit a cigarette and
took several puffs before he broke the silence. At last
he said:

  “No one can tell what will happen when a debt of
over fourteen billion is paid at one time. I say no
one can tell, because it has never been done before.
It is true that we were able to place the world under
such an obligation to us, but we took years to do it
and much of it represents food stuffs and munitions of
war. We did not expect that debt would ever be paid.
392

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

In truth, we did not really want it to be paid: merely
wanted the world to remember that it owed it to us
and would make an honest attempt to pay the interest.
The French government proposes to pay the entire sum
at one time in bar gold. Such a transaction would put
practically all the gold of the world at our command.
It would enable us to pay all the obligations of the
government, retire all our bonds, solve the Mississippi
flood problem, pay all the debt that the various states
have contracted and do a few other things. It would
create an age of prosperity: everyone would be able to
sell all he has, either in goods or labor. And we
would have to be very careful about the entire matter,
so as to avert a panic, for at the end of such a
panic a group of very rich and unscrupulous men
would grow up over night. Personally, I cannot see
how we can refuse the offer. At the same time, I am
very much afraid of the consequences. It will make us
the richest and at once the best hated nation in the'
world. No doubt our army and navy would have to be
greatly enlarged.”

  The Cabinet talked the matter over and seemed to
be able to arrive at no positive decision. Finally, the
Postmaster General asked:

  “The thing I want to know is, where does this gold
come from?”

  “I was expecting that question," replied the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, "and to be perfectly frank, I do
not know. There is a great deal of gold in the world,
gold that has been buried and lost. After the Franco-
Prussian War, France paid a large sum collected from
the stockings of the French peasants. But no one knew
that France had enough to pay the debt of the world
to the United States.”

  “Make them tell us where they got it!” said the
gentleman from Arkansas.

  “That is hardly a question for one gentleman or
nation to ask another,” replied the President.

  "No,” agreed the Secretary of State. “But we could
find out.”

  At this point, the Secretary of War stood up and
asked for the undivided attention of all those present.

  “Last year, you will recall, there was a terrible
explosion in New York City which destroyed the largest
building there and killed over a thousand of the
richest citizens. I was called upon to send some troops
to aid in policing the city, for the excitement, especially
among the colored population, was very intense. I
personally assumed charge of some of the details. I
heard some very interesting things. Of course they
may just have been rumors; I had no way of investi-
gating them at that time. I do know, however, that the
financiers were greatly disturbed over certain phases of
the situation. There seemed to be a large amount of
unexplained wealth pouring into the city. The Presi-
dent of the New York Bankers’ Association knew the
details, but he was suffering from the loss of a beloved
daughter-in-law at the time and I did not want to dis-
turb him. There may be some connection between that
disturbance and this question: in each instance, there
seems to be a large amount of gold from some un-
known source.”

  “What was the final result in New York?” asked the
President.

  “Nobody seems to know—but in this explosion prac-
tically all the parties under suspicion were killed and
their building and records destroyed. Of course the
Secret Service of the Atlantic Coast took all the credit,
but I understand that it was really a detective from
San Francisco who deserved all the credit. In some
way he was connected with the explosion, and, while no
blame was directly attached to him, still he left the city
as soon as he could. In fact, he only made a verbal

report, and a very short one at that. Everyone was
so excited that they let him go. Of course the Secret
Service knows him—”

<< T WOULD suggest, Mr. President,” interrupted the
-i gentleman from Arkansas, "that we delay ans-
wering this offer till we have a chance to get the man
from San Francisco to tell us what he knows about the
New York affair.”

  Everyone agreed that this was the wise course to
follow and the Cabinet adjourned. Before they left,
however, the President impressed on them the necessity
of keeping the entire matter strictly a secret. He was
afraid that even a rumor might cause a sharp dis-
turbance in the stock market.

  So, through various channels, the message was sent to
Taine.

  That gentleman was somewhat gloomy when he en-
tered the office of the Chief of the Secret Service in
San Francisco.

  "I have good news for you, Taine,” said the Chief.
  Taine started to smile, as he replied:

  "Have they decided to accept my resignation?”
"Resignation nothing! Orders for you to go to
Washington to see the President.”

  “If it has anything to do with that New York affair,
I quit—right now. Nothing more than that would be
needed for me to quit—pension or no pension. There
was a girl there, Florabella was her name, and she used
some kind of a perfume—it hung to me like a lost soul
—and Mrs. Taine did not like it—that is, she liked it
well enough to be hunting for it ever since for her
personal use—and she did not like to think of another
won,an using it around me. One more perfumed woman
ap4 my happy home becomes a harpie’s Hell. You let
xSe stay here and work with the bootleggers and China-
men. Send somebody else to Washington.

  The Chief shook his head.

  “Nothing doing. This telegram says that they want
you and no one else. You haven’t lost your morale,
have you?”

  "Oh! My morale is all right, but I haven’t any en-
thusiasm left after that New York experience. I have
shot gunmen in my life. They had a gun and I had
a gun and I got them before they got me—but this
other affair in New York was different. Of course I
cannot ever be positive—that is, I cannot be sure that
I killed those thousand people in the hundred story
building, but I do know that I pressed those buttons
and in about two minutes Hell broke out in that part
of town.”

  “But they were going to kill you!”

  “Maybeso—maybeso. We shall never know about
that. Personally, I doubt that the snake was large
enough to swallow a man. Of course, there might be
one big enough, but how could they make the snake do
it on request—before a thousand people? That part
seems unreasonable. It might have been a mechanical
snake. How about that?”

  “Well, they are all dead now. There is nothing more
to be afraid of as far as they are concerned.”

  “Looks that way: but perhaps the leaders escaped.
None of the- bodies were identified—there might have
been some way of escape. That was a smart bunch of
crooks, Chief, and they made me feel like a prune. Oh!
They were going to kill me some way, and I don’t want
a second dose of their medicine.”

  But the Chief insisted that Taine would have to go to
Washington.

  And it ended in Taine’s saying good-bye to his fam-
ily and a little black dog. Once again he started east-
ward, knowing nothing about the problem except that
he was to see the President of the United States.
THE MENAGE	393

Finally they made something’ that looked like gold and was gold, only it could he changed back to mercury and lead. It was
amusing to watch them play with it after they once found out how to do it.

HE was met at the Union Station by a “plain
clothes” man and from there he was taken to the
White House. Soon he was ushered into the President’s
office and introduced to that gentleman and the Cabinet
members, and seated at the President’s right.

  “Mr. Taine,” said the Secretary of the Treasury, “we
understand that you were working in New York at
the time of the explosion of the Center Internationale.
In fact, it is stated that you were one of the promi-
nent figures, perhaps the most prominent one, connected
with that problem. We want you to tell us about it—
just the main outline of the story now.”

  “There is not much to tell,” said Taine, modestly.
“There was a group of negroes who called themselves
THE POWERFUL ONES. It was their idea that they
could turn the whole colored race white, and somehow
they had enough wealth to at least think of buying
the whole of New York City. I met the ring leaders
the night of the explosion and they told me a good
deal of what they were going to do in the future—
you see they thought they were going to kill me that
night, so they figured that it was perfectly safe to tell
me.

  “Did they tell you where they got their wealth?”
asked the President.

  “Yes, from the ocean. They said they had a ship
with a twelve-inch tube running through it. The ocean
water ran in one end and through a laboratory and
out the other end, and they took the gold out of it.
At least, that is what they said. It seems they had an
expert chemist doing the work for them.”

  "That does not seem possible,” replied the President.
“There is no gold in sea water. Suppose we send for
one of the chemists from the Department of Agricul-
ture. We might as well settle that part of the problem
now.”

  The chemist was sent for. In the meanwhile, the
President passed the cigars around. Taine refused.

  “I do not smoke, thank you,” he said; “the tobacco
injures the enamel of the teeth and once that is injured
the teeth soon decay: then the destruction is irrepar-
able.”

  The chemist was a wrinkled old man who had spent
his lifetime pouring various different reagents into test
tubes in order to see and smell the results. He lost no
time in answering their question, and snorted dis-
dainfully at such ignorance.

    “I thought that everybody knew there was gold in
sea water. It is in the form of gold chloride and is
present to the extent of one millionth of one per cent.
Certainly it can be extracted by electrolysis, but it
would cost five hundred dollars for every dollar’s worth
of gold you would get. Lots of people have tried to
invent a cheap process, but it has never been done on
a successful commercial basis. Anything else? If not,
I’ll be hurrying back to the laboratory.”

  “Just one minute, Professor,” interrupted the Secre-
tary of War. “Do you suppose that the time will come
when man will discover how to make gold?”

  “Now you are talking about something interesting,”
replied the old man, in a sprightly tone. “When you go
into alchemy you turn an everyday chemist into a
dreamer of dreams. For thousands of years chemists
have been trying to do just that. Dr. Dee and Edward
Kelly described the exact process in thirteen steps.
Athotas the Mysterious was always able to supply his
needs and taught the art of making gold to his pupil
and friend Cagliostro. They either made the gold or
were able to cause others to believe they made it.
The arguments pro and con are difficult—it is not a
question of chemistry. It goes into metaphysics and
philosophy.”
394

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

  “Please, Professor, stop talking so much and tell me
this. Do you think that it will ever be done? Have
you ever mot anyone who thought he could do it?”
“No, it will never be done—that is, I do not think
it will ever be done. But I had a young man working
under me some years ago who did a good deal of work
in that line. In fact, he seemed to be of a rather
extraordinary intelligence for a negro. He knew a lot
about metals, but we had to discharge him—caught
him pilfering one day—pity though, because he really
was a wonderful metallurgist. I think his idea was
that if he could only divide the atom into electrons
and protons and then put enough of these together in
the right proportion, he could make gold. He did
make something that looked like gold, but it wasn’t.
I tried to get his confidence, but he was suspicious of
me; anyway, he left before anything definite was
established. Since then, I have been so busy working
with corn rust and one thing and another, that I have
not had time to do any work on gold, let alone think
about alchemy. Why, men go mad if they think too
much about it.”

  "You can return to your laboratory, Professor. Thank
you very much,” said the President. After the old
man had gone, the Chief Executive turned to his
Cabinet.

  “This has been a profitable meeting, gentlemen. I
am neither a scientist nor a detective, but I believe we
are beginning to see the light. There is a gold ship,
but it does not take the gold out of the ocean. It is
simply a floating laboratory and the chemist is no
doubt the negro who was discharged for stealing from
the Professor. He is one of this group of criminal
negroes and he supplied the gold they were going to
buy New York with. Failing in their plans to turn
the negroes in America white, he and his confederates
have in some way induced the European nations to let
them pay the debt. Perhaps they asked for social
equality in return. But I doubt England’s willingness
to grant that. They will pay the debt, in gold, and
then they will combine and make some other metal,
like platinum, the standard. They will refuse to trade
with us unless we accept the same standard, which will
ruin us commercially. Our gold will be valueless and
it will take us years, maybe centuries, before we could
resume our place in the world. We could not even use
a gold standard in America, if it became known that
gold could be made like sugar or alcohol. If we accept
the offer, we will be ruined; if we refuse, we will
invite the ridicule of the world and perhaps a devas-
tating war. What is your suggestion?”

  “I believe,” replied the Secretary of State, “that we
should accept the offer, conditionally: that is, we will
accept it when it is delivered in New York City. Sug-
gest that the gold ship be guarded on its voyage by a
combined fleet of warships from all the nations."

  "But I thought we did not want the gold!” said the
Secretary of the Treasury.

  “We don’t, but it would never do to say so outright.
We will accept their offer, but the gold ship will sink
on the way over.”

  "Excuse me,” said Taine of San Francisco, “but how
do you know it will?”

  “I know, because you are going to sink it—on a clear
day, with a calm sea—you will sink it and not a single
person will be drowned. Then you are going to spend
your spare time in hunting up this gold maker and put
him out of business.”

  The statement caused the gx-eatest excitement. Every-
body talked at once—that is, everybody except Taine.
He simply stared at the man who had proposed such
a programme. The Cabinet members, however, seemed
to feel that this was a very favorable solution to the
problem.

  “But how am I to do that?" Taine asked.

  The President threw away his cigar and coughed
rather nervously before he replied.

  'You will use your own discretion, Mr. Taine. I do
not think it would be wise for any of us to know just
what you do or how you are doing it. All we want is
results—yes—that is all—results. We will help you all
we can and you can call on any of the departments for
aid in any way. You just go and sink that ship on
the way over—and sink it deep. I understand there is
one place where the ocean is five miles deep—that
would be the place of our choice.”

  "It is a wonderful opportunity to serve your country,
Mr. Taine,” said the Secretary of State.

  “And just think,” interpolated the Postmaster Gen-
eral, “you will have the satisfaction of knowing that
you have done something that no other man in the
world has ever done before.”

  “I never thought of that,” said Taine. “That will
be of great help to me when I am going down with the
ship, five miles down.”

  “Ah! You don’t get the idea,” growled the man from
Arkansas. “Use your imagination, man! After the
ship goes down, you swim to the U. S. battleship and
get saved. How do you suppose you are going to
finish the job if you get drowned when it is only half
done?”

  “Got any more suggestions?” asked Mr. Taine, of
San Francisco.

  “Not one,” replied the President. “I will see that
you are at once provided with all necessary credentials,
and all details of every kind can be attended to by the
Chief of the United States Secret Service. That entire
service is at your command. You can draw on the
Treasury for any sums you deem necessary. We will
assign as many of our operators to help you as you
require. The entire resources of the Government are
at your disposal secretly—but under no circumstances
can we openly assist you. If you succeed, you will find
that your reward will be commensurate with the grav-
ity of the undertaking, and now we will adjourn and I
beg of you one and all, to observe the strictest secrecy
in regard to the entire affair."

  Taine went directly from the White House to the
laboratories of the Department of Agriculture. There
he spent several hours with the old Professor. The
next day he visited the Secretary of the Treasury
and talked over finances and some other details. He
immediately left for Cornell University where his
letters of introduction placed the entire department of
Metallurgy at his disposal and brought to that college
the most brilliant specialists from the Westinghouse
Electrical Company. This act also involved consulta-
tions with men from the Naval Department and
Cramp’s Ship Yards in Philadelphia. Following all this
Taine disappeared.

THE Secretary of State, acting for the United
States and for the President, wrote to the Euro-
pean nations, through proper channels, that their offer
to pay the war debt was accepted, with thanks. He
asked that the gold be concentrated at some port in
France, placed on a battleship and be escorted to New
York by a fleet composed of battleships of all the
nations. At New York it would be weighed, and the
representatives of the allied nations would at once be
given their receipts.

  Some weeks after this communication had been sent
and acknowledged, the Ambassador from Great Britain
called at the White House, by appointment, to eat
breakfast with the President and the Secretary of
State. The Ambassador was a tall, white haired aristo-
crat, with a hooked nose, and a decided limp (his leg
having been broken during the World’s War). While
THE MENACE

395

somewhat unused to such fare, he seemed to enjoy the
buckwheat cakes, honey, soft boiled eggs, broiled mack-
eral, lamb chops, doughnuts and coffee. In fact, the
occasion caused him to slightly loosen both his coat and
his dignity. The waiters were dismissed and then the
President said:

  "Well?”

  The Ambassador almost smiled.

  “Of course all this is strictly informal, Gentlemen,
but at the same time you can rely on me as represent-
ing my Government in what I say. We could not at
this time deliberately insult all of Europe, so we were
forced to accept the offer of this group of rich men
who proposed to underwrite the entire war debt. All
we asked was that the gold we were to pay the United
States, our share of the debt to you, be brought to
London, and be there repacked before it was taken to
France for the final shipment. This was agreed to
by the powers, and the gold is in London at the present
time.

  ‘‘Blood is thicker than water, and my Government
did not fancy the looks of the transaction. We found
that some of the nations had granted large pieces of
land to these financiers, but even worse than that,
several of the powers had secretly promised social and
political equality to any of the negro race that might
settle in their country. Fancy that!

  ‘‘We wanted to pay you if the other nations did, and
all these people asked of us was an issue of two per
cent, long term bonds, but we just felt there was some-
thing wrong with that gold. Because we could not find
out what was wrong with it, did not make us feel any
easier about it. For this reason my Government de-
cided to keep the gold they had borrowed and send
over our own gold from our reserve. It took just about
all we had on the island to do it, but we finally raised
the amount and we know that it is all real gold. Next
month we are going to send it to France—and we just
wanted you to know that we did the right thing. The
friendship between the two great nations of the world
is far more precious than a few billions in gold, and
if there is anything wrong with the gold we borrowed,
we wanted to be the ones to suffer. I wish to state
also that we have been approached with the proposition
that platinum be made the monetary standard in place
of gold. So far we have been non-committal in our
answer, as we could not imagine the reason for think-
ing of such a change, when gold has been the standard
for so many years.”

  The President tried to control his feelings, but it was
some time before he could reply.

  “That is a splendid way for your Government to act.
For weeks we have been distressed over this affair and
our worry was increased by the knowledge that Great
Britain was a party to the transaction. Your state-
ment this morning shows me that no matter what hap-
pens, we can depend upon your friendship. I trust
that the two nations will always remain in harmony
about the great things in the life of this world, and
together try to keep the world in peace and, at least
in outward harmony.”

  Soon after, the Ambassador left. The President and
the Secretary of State remained seated, looking
strangely at each other. Finally the President broke the
silence:

  “Have you any idea where Taine is?”

  “Not the least. He has just disappeared.”

  "As I remember it we instructed him to sink the
gold ship.”

  “Exactly.”

  “Of course we did not know at that time what we
know now.”

  “We certainly did not.”

  “If he sinks the ship now, it will take with it those

billions of actual gold from the banks of Great Britain.”
  “It will. Of course it will.”

  “There may be something wrong with some of the
gold but this from London will be sunk.”

  “Yes.”

  “It will be lost. No good to them or to us. Better
find Taine and tell him to leave that ship alone. We
can take chances on anything rather than have England
think that we have been false to her.”

  “I’ll try to find Taine—but—I have tried for some
weeks to locate him and he is gone. Do you think we
ought to notify France to be on her guard because we
have found a plot to sink the ship.”

  "We cannot do that without giving them some reason.
But Taine cannot sink the ship without being near it
or on it. Suppose we send a dozen men from San
Francisco, who have worked with him, to France. If
they find him, we can at least ascertain how far he has
gone with his plans.”

  This seemed such a good idea to both of them that
a telegram was despatched to San Francisco, and eight
detectives were rushed across the continent and over
to France on the fastest cruiser. They did their best—i
and failed.

IN the meantime a fleet of warships were gathering in
the harbor of Bordeaux to act as a convoy for the
French steamer which was to carry the golden treasure
over to the United States. Most of the nations were
only represented by one battleship but Great Britain,
France and the United States each had two armed and
floating fortresses. The treasure was placed in the
middle of the ship in a specially constructed strong
room. It was placed in small boxes, each holding two
hundred pounds of gold and on the outside of each box
was a number and the name of the nation it was from.

  On the steamer were representatives of each nation
and in addition several of the small group of bankers
who had advanced the loan to the allied nations and
Germany. These representatives were under instruc-
tions to stay with the gold till it was accepted and
receipted for by the Treasurer of the United States.

  While this was a financial transaction absolutely
unique in the history of the world, it had been kept
such a close secret that the newspapers could only
guess what was behind the gathering of dignitaries
and battleships in Bordeaux.

  The gentlemen, who were to make the voyage to-
gether, tried to be ostensibly friendly with each other
but instinctively broke up into little groups. Baltic,
Mediterranean, Slavic. They were all friendly to the
bankers headed by the unknown and enigmatic Count
Sebastian. They believed that any group of financiers
who could underwrite such a loan, had unlimited funds
in reserve, and each man had been instructed by his
country to make the best of the voyage and endeavor
to secure additional loans for the financing of another
war.

  Count Sebastian was a striking man in many ways.
His deadly white skin stamped him as a recluse, one
who spent hours in study out of the sunshine. Yet
he was strong, well built and seemingly a young man,
even though his hair was snow white. His three part-
ners on the ship were all aristocrats in appearance and
strikingly like him in many ways. They all had white
hair. They were all educated and possessed a maximum
of culture. It seemed to the English representative
that they resembled the average Oxford graduate in
many ways.

  Just a few days before the day set for leaving
Bordeaux, Count Sebastian astonished the French
Government by announcing that his group of bankers
had invited several ladies to make the trip as their
guests, and that the two married bankers would bring
396

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

their wives with them as chaperones. He suggested
that the French and Italian representatives take their
wives and daughters, if possible, and especially invited
the daughter of the President of France to make the
trip as the guest of their syndicate. Apparently the
trip was to be a social one in many ways. The idea
pleased the nations so much, that by the time the gold
ship and its convoy of battleships left the French port,
over thirty ladies were on board to make the voyage
one long to be remembered.

  No one knew just why this suggestion to take the
ladies with them had been proposed by the group headed
by Count Sebastian. Even his three associates had
been surprised when he made his final statement in
regard to it, but for several years they had obeyed him
in every detail, having learned that by doing so they
were sure to be successful in every venture.

  The real reason for the decision was the fact that
three weeks before the ship sailed Count Sebastian had
met a lady. This was not at all unusual for one of
the richest men in the world and a bachelor. The
unusual part about this lady was that she was rich, had
wonderful jewels, a past full of rumor and mystery
and, finally, she did not care at all whether she ever
saw the Count again or not. In fact, for the first week
of their acquaintance, the only time the Count could
even see her was at the theater or restaurant.

  There were a thousand women in France who would
have been nice to the Count had they the opportunity,
and it was for this reason that he was driven to des-
peration by the coldness of this unknown stranger. Of
course he wanted what he could not get: and, try as
he could, this particular lady seemed to be particularly
unattainable.

  During the second week of their acquaintance, she
permitted him to take her out riding, accompanied by
her maid. After this she allowed him to come to her
table at the restaurant one evening and share a bottle
of wine with her. At the beginning of the third week,
with the sailing of the gold ship but six days distant,
he took her out riding again and, maid or no maid,
proposed marriage to her.

  She started to cry.

  The maid started to cry.

  But when the Count left her at her hotel, she whis-
pered a request that he call on her that evening. Feel-
ing that success was just within his grasp, he prepared
for the call by purchasing an elegant solitaire and a
necklace of matchless pearls.

  She was waiting for him in the small parlor of her
suite in the hotel. He was also astonished to find her
dressed in the veiled habit of the Hindoos. Without
waiting for anv questions, she asked him to be seated.

  “I do not want you to think, Count Sebastian, that
I am not fully aware of the honor you showed me this
afternoon by asking me to become your wife. I cried
merely because I felt that you would regret your
decision when you learned all about me. It was for
that reason that I asked you to call on me tonight.
My father was French, an adventurer, while my mother
was a Malay. Of course they are considered Caucasians,
but three generations back there was colored blood in
my father’s family and no matter how you look at it,
I am not a white woman. We are wealthy. I suppose
that my father and mother have no real idea how much
they are worth. They wanted me to come to France,
pose as a one hundred per cent white woman, marry a-
white man, and forget them. When I first met you,
I thought that the opportunity had come, but when I
saw how devoted you were to me, I could not think of
living such a lie—and though it ends, as I know it will,
in our separation—better that, than a life of fraud.”

   HE Count knelt beside her and kissed her hand.
“My dear lady,” he whispered, “you have wor-
ried yourself to death and all absolutely without reason.
I love you and I am going to keep on loving you. Your
ancestry makes no difference to me—because I am a
colored man myself."

  “What?” said the astonished woman.

  “Exactly that. My associates are all colored. Only
some years ago we took a special treatment that gave
us white skins. I will tell you all about that some day.
We hoped to turn the race white—but something went
wrong with our plans. If you are a negro, so am I.
Your skin is white and mine is too. We have both been
honest. Now, will you marry me?”

  “But, Count, you are going to America in a few
days. You have told me that it is the end of one of
your greatest business transactions. You must forget
me till you return from New York.”

  “Why cannot you come with me—on the boat?”

  “How would that look? The only woman! Surely
that would not be proper.”

  “But suppose there should be other women? Would
you come if I invited twenty or thirty others?”

  “That would be different, but do you think they
would treat me as their equal, socially?”

  “I am sure they will. You leave that to me, and
prepare for the trip. Now, will you let me put this
ring on your finger?”

  In answer she extended her left hand, well covered
with jewels, but with the left hand ring finger bare.
The engagement ring was tenderly placed on it, accom-
panied by many kisses. Then the rope of pearls was
examined with many exclamations of delight, and fin-
ally an engagement was made and a hurried trip to
Paris planned to select a wardrobe suitable for the
trip to America.

  It was after this evening that the Count invited the
other ladies, much to the displeasure of his associates.
One of them did not hesitate to express himself, one
night before they sailed.

  “You know’ as well as I do, George, that we decided
years ago that the less we had to do with women—that
is, permanently—the better it would be for our plans.
We broke that rule when we took Ebony Kate, and look
what happened! Of course she helped hold the boys
together, but I always will believe that in some way
she was to blame for that explosion. Of course she
was killed, and nearly everybody else except a few of
us who were lucky enough to be in the vault when it
happened. She and a thousand of our best men were
just blown to pieces and our plans smashed with them.
If we had done as we always did, we would have killed
the man right away instead of waiting for the vaude-
ville in the temple. In consequence, he got the jump
on us, and we were just lucky to escape with our lives.
You let this bunch of skirts alone. Have all the
women you want, but don’t think of marrying one.
Wait till we get through. We want nothing now but
revenge and a place in the sun for our race. After
we put over our programme there will be time enough
for the luxuries of life.”

  Count Sebastian heard his friend through without
interruption and without irritation.

  “What you say is true, Marcus, but unfortunately, in
this instance, I am really in love. I hate the white
race as much as you do and have given the best years
of my life to their ultimate humiliation. Perhaps we
should have been better off without Kate, but you
know as well as I do, that every black man we brought
to New York was converted to our cause after spend-
ing one evening in the Temple. I don’t know yet what
caused the explosion. Of course we blame it on that
man Taine, but there is such a thing as spontaneous
combustion. I am sure that Kate was killed—that i§j
THE MENACE

397

all passed and gone—let’s forget it. We still have the
brains of the movement. I do not believe there is a bit
of harm in the entire body or mind of this lady I am
in love with. She is in sympathy with us—in fact, she
has made me promise not to press marriage until this
part of the programme is finished. As soon as the gold
is delivered, we will all board the laboratory ship in
New York Harbor and disappear for a while. She will
go with me as my wife. She has dark blood in her and
has been well educated. In our future work she will
be a help to us."

  “How do you know so much about her, George?”
  “She told me!”

  “Are you going to believe all she said to you?”

  For the first time the Count showed irritation.

  “See here, Marcus, don’t call my future wife a liar.”
The man called Marcus stopped talking and went out
of the room, inwardly cursing the entire female race.
None the less, when the ship sailed, there was a very
beautiful lady with him, whom he introduced to every-
one as his wife.

  It did not increase the comfort of the President of
the United States when he heard that over thirty ladies
were going to be on the gold ship. He at once sent for
the Secretary of State.

  “I suppose you have heard the latest about the gold
ship?”

  “I certainly have,” replied that official. “If Taine is
not careful to select the right time, he will not only
sink the ship and the English gold but he will also
drown a few dozen of the most important ladies of
Europe, including the daughter of the President of
France. When they find out that the ship was sunk by
our orders, we shall have some explanations to make.”
"But we must find Taine!”

  “You tell me how to do it. I can’t find him.”

  “Then wire France advising that the ladies stay at
home.”

  “Just as soon as they receive such a wire, thirty more
will be determined to make the trip.”

  “Then let’s wait till Taine shows his hand. Perhaps
he will select a pleasant day and all the ladies will be
saved. The American battleships are to be on either
side of the gold ship and our officers can have the
pleasure of rescuing these fair ladies. Perhaps a few
international weddings will result.”

  “More likely there will be a few wars,” sighed the
President.

  The next day he received a radiogram stating that
the ships had left the port of Bordeaux.

THE next week was a living nightmare to the Presi-
dent and those in his confidence; but to those
aboard the gold ship it was a continuous round of
pleasure. The weather was perfect, the cuisine won-
derful and the entertainments superb. The water was
so still that on several evenings a boatload of officers
came over from the American battleships and gave
the European ladies a change of dancing partners.

  Among the ladies none was more lovely, more won-
derfully dressed or had a greater profusion of exquisite
jewelry, than that of Angeline Pleasance, the exquisite
Asiatic, whose engagement to Count Sebastian was now
known to all. She had permanently discarded her orien-
tal robes and appeared in the daring of the latest
Parisian mode, causing her to be the despair of all the
ladies and the Count the envied of all the men. To
match her petite form, she had a pleasing voice and a
brilliant mind. At the card table, piano or tango she
was equally proficient.

  To the ladies she never failed to mention her wonder-
ful maid. Marietta. To hear her talk one would think
that without this maid she would be helpless and hope-
less. The maid herself was rarely in evidence, and

was such a dark ugly creature that the jealous ladies
declared openly that the Pleasance woman had selected
such a maid simply to accentuate her own beauty by
contrast.

  Thus the days passed, slowly to the anxious Ameri-
cans, all too fast for the pleasure seekers 011 the gold
ship. They passed without incident or accident, the ships
steaming westward as though on parade, the gold ship
in the middle, a United States battleship on either side,
directly in front two English men-of-war and directly
behind two French cruisers. The other ships brought
up the rear.

  One moonlight night Count Sebastian had left the
dance hall and, accompanied by his associate, the one
he called Marcus, walked over to the side of the ship.
Just across the lazy waves he could easily make out
the details of the U. S. Ship Pennsylvania.

  “That is a big ship, Marcus,” he said.

  “It certainly is, George.”

  "One or two ships like that mean a lot—but they
are just symbols, Marcus. They stand for the United
States. We hate her, and we have tried our best to
harm her, but so far it has been like shooting an air
gun against that battleship. I feel helpless when I
think about it at times. Look at those guns. One
shot from that twelve inch gun pointing this way would
send our ship to the bottom.”

  “You are pessimistic tonight, George. All this think-
ing is the result of your being in love.”

  “Not at all. But look at those guns. I fancy I see
smoke curling from their open mouths. I have been
nervous since the night the Center Internationale went
to bits. Guess I had better take a dose of bromides
tonight.”

  “Don’t take any more dope, George," pleaded Marcus.
“We want your active mind, keen and brilliant and not
dulled by drugs.”

  The night before the ships arrived in New York,
Count Sebastian took his fiancde to a quiet nook on the
upper deck.

  “Just as soon as we arrive in New York I want you
and your maid to go to the Cosmopolitan Hotel and
wait there for me. It may take me a day or more to
attend to my business and then we are going to be
married and begin our honeymoon on our steam yacht.
It is primarily a floating laboratory but the rooms are
elegantly furnished. My three friends are going with
us—we have thought it best to keep quiet for a while—
I have not told you all, but you ought to know the
main facts. This gold we are taking to the United
States is synthetic gold. No one can tell it from real
gold. Next week we will send to over a thousand
scientists all over the world the exact method of its
manufacture from mercury and lead. Just as soon as
that information is published, gold will become worth-
less, and the United States will be a bankrupt nation.
Every nation will declare platinum the standard of
exchange. The United States will be exposed to the
ridicule of the world. They will never recover from
their humiliation.”

  Angeline Pleasance did not answer, but her lips gave
full proof of her loving devotion to her hero. Finally
she whispered:

  “You tell me just what you want me to do and I will
do it. I want to do everything I can to help you. You
may hate the white race more than I do, but I doubt it.
Some day I want to tell you the story of my maid.
She also has suffered worse than death at their hands.
You must be careful. I am afraid of your going to
New York. They may kill you as they did those poor
people in the building you told me about.”

  “Do not worry, my dear,” said the Count, soothingly.
"They may suspect something but they would not dare
come out openly and harm any of us. They could not
398

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

do that without insulting the world. We cannot hurt
them worse than through their pocket book. After we
crush them financially, we will have a final crushing
blow. Come closer and let me whisper to you * * * * *
* ■» * • # * what do you think about that?”

  The woman sighed deeply.

  “Oh! George! Could you do that? If you do, it will
be wonderful! I hope I live to see that day; and to
think that I am going to share such a wonderful
revenge with you.”

  They agreed between their kisses that' life was won-
derfully fine.

TO the great delight of the President of the United
States and his Cabinet, the gold ship finally arrived
in New York. A regiment of Marines acted as guard
and after some delay the boxes of gold were deposited
in the Custom House. There the representatives of
the Allied nations, the President and his cabinet, the
four bankers headed by Count Sebastian, and several
chemists and metallurgists from the Philadelphia Mint
gathered to determine the value of the shipment. The
boxes were placed in separate piles, each pile represent-
ing the debt of a nation. A detailed inventory was
given to the President, showing in detail the number of
boxes, the value of gold in each box, both by weight
and in dollars. Each man in the room had a copy of
this inventory.

  The Secretary of State called the persons in the room
to order and spoke from his position on the top of a
chair:

  “Gentlemen, I am speaking for the President of the
United States. Realizing that you are all anxious to be
through with the business of this trip, so you and your
ladies will have ample leisure to enjoy the hospitality
of the City of New York, I am authorized to say that
we will accept without question, your statement as to
the amount of gold in this shipment. We feel, however,
that we should make at least a perfunctory examina-
tion of this shipment, and have determined to open, in
your presence, one box from each country. This will
be given a casual examination by our experts, after
which we will sign a receipt in full for the debt, giving
a copy on parchment to each representative present.
We shall first ask that a box of gold from Great
Britain be opened.”

  At this point the British Ambassador limped for-
ward.

  “Before you open a box of our gold, I should like to
make a statement. We thought it best to keep the gold
we borrowed in our English banks. We have, there-
fore, replaced the original bar gold with minted gold
of the Realm. As this does not pack as heavily as
the bar gold, we had ten more boxes made and filled.
So, if you count our boxes, you will find ten more than
the inventory calls for. You can open any box you
wish, as I am sure you will find them all the same.”

  The four bankers looked at each other. Count Sebas-
tian shrugged his shoulders.

  “Gold is gold,” he murmured to the Frenchman beside
him.

  The top was unscrewed from one of the boxes in the
English pile. As the Ambassador had stated, it was
filled with Royal Sovereigns.

  “We shall now have the other boxes opened,” said
the Secretary of State.

  “As each box is opened, our experts will make a
simple visual examination and then we will go to
lunch.”

  Amid a deep silence, a box was opened from the
French pile. The experts from the Mint looked into
it, and began to whistle. Thereupon, without waiting
for orders, they opened a box of the Italian payment,
one of the German pile, another from Turkey. Then

they went and began to whisper to the Secretary of
State and the President. Meanwhile, the opened boxes
were being examined by the various representatives of
the foreign countries and the air became blue with
curses in a dozen different languages. Other boxes
were opened with the same result. Finally the Presi-
dent asked for silence.

  “Gentlemen,” he began. “I do not want you to think
that I am reflecting at all on your own integrity or on
the honesty of the countries you represent, but in
some way you have been imposed upon. Our metallurgists
inform me that these boxes are not filled with gold
but with some alloy which they believe to be a combina-
tion of mercury and lead. Naturally, we cannot, under
the circumstances, sign any receipt for the debt. We
trust, however, that you will remain as our guests for a
private discussion of the matter, which, we are certain
will go far toward relieving the strain of the situation.
I assure you that nothing of this will appear in our
American papers and the question of publicity in
Europe will depend upon yourselves.”

  At that time some one thought of looking for the
four bankers, but they had disappeared. It was
probably fortunate for them that they could not be
found. They had taken advantage of the confusion
following the opening of the French box and slipped
out of the building and into one of the taxicabs wait-
ing in front of the building. Refusing to listen to the
pleading of his three associates, Count Sebastian
ordered the chauffeur to drive to the Cosmopolitan
Hotel. There he rushed into the lobby and asked for
the Countess Pleasance.

  “I am sorry, sir,” the clerk replied, "but shortly after
they went to their room, the lady and her maid came
down, paid their bill and left, without leaving a for-
warding address.”

  Staggering, the Count left the Hotel and walked out
to the taxi, where the other three men were waiting
for him. They were driven down to a pier in lower New
York, jumped into a motor boat and in ten minutes
were in a steam yacht headed for the open sea. None
of them talked till they were well into Long Island
Sound. Then the Count took a drink and asked:

  “Tell me what happened, Marcus? What in hell hap-
pened? Surely we had gold in those boxes when we
left Bordeaux.”

  The man called Marcus took a long drink of whiskey.
"Sure we had gold in those boxes in Bordeaux, but it
was synthetic gold. We knew how to make it and just
because we did not know how to unmake it, we thought
no one else would know. Somebody was smarter than
we were and that is all there is to it. The best thing
we can do is to keep mighty quiet for a while. Europe
will be a hotter place for us than the United States
ever was—after this affair.”

  “But what about my fiancee?” cried Count Sebastian.
“We must go back and find her!”

  “Better leave her alone,” growled one of the men,
“and after this you cut out the love stuff when we are
busy. No telling who she was, but I bet she was mixed
up in it in some way.”

  Meantime the steam yacht kept steadily on its way
out through Long Island Sound.

JUST as soon as he could, the President of the United
States took the English Ambassador to one side.

  "I want you,” he said, “to send a full report of this
to your Government; and be sure to put in all the
details. Tell them not to worry about the gold they
have being of no value, because every piece of the gold
you sent us in good faith is going right back to London,
just as fast as one of our warships can carry it. Under
the circumstances, we woud not think of keeping it.
You had better have that other gold taken out and
THE MENACE

399

dumped into the ocean. I do not know yet just what
happened to that gold on the voyage but I believe that
whatever it was is known to some of our scientists,
and you can tell your people that the nations will
keep the gold standard, and Great Britain and the
United States will do what they can to make this world
a better and safer place to live in.”

  The next two weeks were rather busy ones, spent in
officially entertaining the ladies and gentlemen who had
come to New York on the gold ship. All things con-
sidered, they had a rather pleasant time, and finally
they left under the impression that the United States
was not such a heartless country after all. Just what
kind of a report they made to their respective govern-
ments was never learned. Some of the countries made
an honest effort to pay their debt—while others did not,
nations being very much like individuals in this respect.

AFTER the visitors had left and everything had
quieted down to normal, the President started
to review the entire problem carefully. He wanted to
know what had happened—and he wanted to talk to
Taine. The Secretary of State assured him, over the
phone, that he had seen nothing of that gentleman.
The Secretary of the Treasury informed him that
Taine had drawn on him for a total of over one
million, but otherwise had not been heard from. The
Chief of the Secret Service informed him that Mrs.
Taine had received several messages in code to the
effect that her husband was all right and would be
home soon. Just as he was giving up hope of ever
seeing the mysterious gentleman from San Francisco,
that very person walked into his private office.

  “I thought perhaps you would like to see me before
I went home,” said Taine. “I knew that you were
busy, so I waited till things quieted down a bit. In
fact, a lady friend of mine and I have been down to
Palm Beach taking a vacation. She is out in the
anteroom making eyes at your secretary. Should you
like to meet her?”

  “I certainly should, but don’t dare to get out of my
sight. I will send for some of the Cabinet and we want
you to tell us what happened. We are literally dying
from curiosity.”

  A half hour later one woman and seven men were in
the President’s office. A stenographer was at a side
table ready to take down Taine’s verbal report. That
gentleman coughed and rather shyly began:

  "After I left you here some months ago, I went and
had a long talk with that old chemist from the Depart-
ment of Agriculture, and he told me that he did not
know how gold was made, but that if it was made at
all it was made so and so. Then I went to Cornell
and found out what they knew about it and they called
in some cranks from the Westinghouse and General
Electric and we went into executive session. They said
it could not be done and I told them that if a black
man had brains enough to make gold, they ought to
have brains enough not only to make it but to unmake
it as well. That made them mad and they raved
around a while and then settled down to work. Finally
they made something that looked like gold and was
gold, only it could be changed back to mercury and
lead. It was amusing to watch them play with it after
they once found out how to do it. We finally were able
to take a piece of the synthetic gold and shoot a
special X-ray at it over half a mile and, pop, it would
turn back to lead. Those youngsters were bright boys,
and I think that something ought to be done for them.
They did all the work: all I did was just to get them
good and mad. Then we found that we could shoot this
long distance X-ray just like a stream of water out of a
hose, and were able to send it through a sheet of steel

a foot thick. After that the rest was easy. We ar-
ranged with Cramp’s Ship Yard and the Navy Depart-
ment to put about twenty of these special X-ray
generators in the two battleships that were to act as
escort to the gold ship. Just for the novelty of it and to
keep the machines concealed, we hid the X-ray tubes in
some of the larger guns, and all we had to do was to
keep them trained on the gold ship. The metal guns,
by the way, gave the X-rays a beam direction, which'
concentrated them on any desired spot. The naval
officers were very clever in their co-operation and in-
tensely interested and during the entire voyage the
gold ship was fired upon constantly by these rays. Of
course we could not be sure that it would work because
we had no way of telling that the gold we made was the
same kind as the gold they made. We took a chance.
I was greatly pleased when we heard the news as to
just how well it did work. I took the liberty of giving
fifty of the men most concerned ten thousand dollars
each. I have their names and I really think that some
of them deserve more. You can look into the matter
and do as you think best.

  "Then I went over to France. I was anxious to get
on that ship and find out whether the bankers were the
same men that I knew in New York, but I did not want
to take any chances, so I engaged the best female im-
personator in the world; really he is clever, and this
time he went by the name of Angeline Pleasance, a
half breed from Asia. She had a lot of jewelry and
I bought her some more and a new wardrobe and I
dressed up as her maid. It was the first time I had
done anything like that, but I had a good teacher and
we sure made a hit. This lady here is Angeline, and
I know you will agree with me that she is some bird.
Take off your hat and wig, and show the gentlemen
what you look like as a real man. Our plans worked
out nicely and Count Sebastian fell for her hard and
wanted to marry her. That is how we got on the
ship. The Count had the other ladies along so he could
take his Angeline. I saw enough of the bunch of
crooks to satisfy myself that they were the same
white negroes I met the night the Center Internationale
blew up. I don't know for sure how they escaped.
Angeline found out a few things—not as much as we
wanted to. Of course we could have gone off with them
on their yacht, but we felt that it was too dangerous.
I have promised to pay Bill a half million for his ser-
vices and he has drawn the money but I made him
promise not to spend any of it till you gentlemen
approved of it. So, while we were waiting for things
to quiet down, Bill and I went down to Palm Beach
and he taught me a lot about his business and I did
a lot of practicing down there. I am not so bad
myself, only it is hard to shave three times a day. I
have a little memorandum of just what I spent and
what I spent it for. You can have a bookkeeper go
over it and audit it and the checks I have drawn on
the Treasury. I think that is about all, so if you tell
Bill the half million is his, we will go. I am anxious to
get back home.”

  “Your friend Bill can have his half million and more,
too, if he wants it,” said the President. “We certainly
do thank you, Mr. Taine. How much does the Govern-
ment owe you?”

  "Oh! My salary of two hundred a month from San
Francisco has been going on ever since I left home.
They pay my wife the money when I am out of town,
so you see you really do not owe me anything.”

  "But we want to give you something,” insisted the
President.

  “You decide what it was worth to you and send it to
the wife,” said Taine shyly. “You see, she tithes/all my
income outside of my flat salary and that means 10
400

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

per cent for the church and 90 per cent for herself.
So if you want to give me anything, just send it to her.
That will please her. There is another thing I ought
to say and if you will, sir, I want to whisper it to you.
It is something that Bill found out and we think you
ought to know * * * * * * * *”

  “You surely do not mean it? They would not dare to
do it!” replied the President.

  “Well, maybe not, but there is no telling what they
will do so long as they are alive. At least you people
in Washington can be on the lookout, and now I guess
I will say good-bye and take the next train west.”

Ho sighed a prayer of thanks to his Presbyterian God when he saw them appear carrying a barrel on an improvised stretcher.

 3.	The Tainted Flood

AFTER his strenuous period of working in the inter-
est of the United States, Taine was more than
u glad to return to his home and family in San
Francisco. His wife and daughters were delighted to
see him and the little black dog nearly barked his head
off in canine welcome.

  Taine reported to the Chief of the Secret Service at
once and asked for and was granted a month’s leave of
absence from duty. They let him know at Headquar-
ters that they had received some very nice letters con-
cerning his work and that he had done a lot to put
the city on the map of the world as far as intelligent
detective work was concerned. He thanked them, shook
hands all around, and went back home prepared for
thirty days of peace and quiet idleness.

  In honor of his return Mrs. Taine prepared a supper
of stewed mutton and dumplings, a dish her husband
was very fond of, but which he got only at rare inter-
vals, for it was very hard on his digestion. This time,
however, she felt that he had earned a specially fine
supper.

  After the dishes were washed, they all went into the
sitting room. Taine’s slippers were put on and he was

comfortably placed in his favorite chair with the eve-
ning paper in his hands and a lighted pipe in his mouth.
The black puppy slept curled up at his feet, the daugh-
ters sat around the center table studying their lessons,
and Mrs. Taine talked quietly to a neighbor who had
just come in to leam the latest gossip.

  “Yes, ma’am,” replied Mrs. Taine, to her. neighbor’s
question, “we certainly are glad to have Mr. Taine
back home again. He had a most exciting time of it
this trip.”

  "Oh! It must be so thrilling! Doesn’t he ever get
frightened?”

  “No, indeed! He does not know what fear is. The
most horrible places he has been in with his life hang-
ing on a thread, and yet he never is afraid.”

  “You must be awful proud to have such a husband.”
“I certainly am. Have you heard about what the
President said?”

  Taine listened to the conversation while he read his
newspaper and smoked his pipe. He smiled a little at
his wife’s praise. No one knew better than he himself
just what kind of a detective he really was, and just
how often his blunders had nearly been his ruin.

__s
THE MENACE

401

It was only his firm faith in predestination that en-
abled him to go on with such a hazardous calling.
Meantime the daughters had kissed him and gone to
bed, and as the ladies seemed to be very well occupied
talking about church affairs, he thought he might as
well take the dog out for a walk.

  Without being especially noticed by his wife he left
the room and, putting on his overcoat, let the eager
black puppy out of the front door ahead of him. The
night was cold and damp as is so often the case in San
Francisco and the fog put a white halo around all of
the street lamps. Glad to be back in familiar territory,
Taine walked briskly down the street. He had not gone
far when he had the peculiar sensation that he was
being followed. Nothing f'jritates an operator more
than to feel that he is being shadowed; it is all well
enough for him to pry into the most secret life of
others, but it is an entirely different matter when
the tables are reversed and he becomes the hunted
instead.

  As soon as he was thoroughly satisfied that he was
being followed, Taine started to lose his trailers. A
rapid and zig-zaggy half hour was spent in jitneys,
trolley cars, dashing in and out of office buildings, up
and down elevators and into restaurants and movies by
the front door and out by a side entrance. During
this half hour, he believed that he had identified the
three men who were after him, and, once that was
accomplished, it was a matter of professional pride to
double on them in such a way that he became the
follower again. He went into a theater where he was
well known, borrowed a wig and a costume and was out
on the street and into the theater again inside of five
minutes. Just as he was buying his ticket, he saw the
three suspects leaving.

  After that he felt thoroughly confident and satisfied
with the game as it was being played. He soon saw that
the three men were following a cold trail and in a
short time they acted as though they also knew it.
At least they ceased to double on their tracks, got into
a jitney and started on a straight line to leave the
city. In back of them was another jitney occupied by
a woman.

  In the course of the next hour, Taine found himself
on a small balcony of a deserted house in the suburbs
of the city. While the night was cold and damp, there
was no wind and the increasing fog made it easy for
anyone to hide in its enveloping blanket of gray. The
three men he had followed were in a room in the same
house, seated around a plain wooden table. He could
hear their conversation distinctly as they made no ef-
fort to speak low. Their entire conduct while in this
room showed conclusively that they were positively
ignorant of Taine’s proximity.

  Taine was rather pleased, yet he was worried. The
fact that he had eluded them and trailed them to their
den was a source of pride to the detective. He was
also glad that he had left the black dog at a neigh-
bor’s during the first three minutes of the chase. The
thing that caused him deepest concern was his positive
identification of the three men as the white negroes who
for so many years had been plotting against the safety
and happiness of the people- of the United States. Twice
before he had been able to block their plans, and yet
he felt that conditions would be insecure in his country
as long as these criminals were at large. Their pres-
ence in San Francisco, and their following him was an-
other source of worry. No doubt they knew who he
was and just what part he had taken against them. The
only reason they were on the Pacific Coast was to
secure revenge on the man who, practically single
handed, had been able to stop their nefarious schemes.
Taine was not so much worried about himself as he

was about his wife and children. There was no telling
what such criminals would do. Meantime, he was pay-
ing the strictest attention to their conversation.

THERE were three of them. He had seen two of
them on the Gold Ship—one known as Count
Sebastian or George, the other, the one called Marcus.
The third was Dr. Semon, scientist and inventor.
Taine had met Dr. Semon in the Center Internationale
the night that building had blown up and the white
negro had boasted of his discovery of a serum that
would turn a black man white over night. Marcus
was probably the man who had discovered the method
of manufacturing synthetic gold. George was no doubt
the brains of the group as far as leadership and or-
ganization were concerned. Said Marcus:

  “I do not want to leave the city till we get Taine.
I have a hunch that we shall never get very far so
long as he is alive. A day or two one way or the
other will not make any difference with our New York
plans. I know a Chinaman that will slip bamboo
splinters into his food and put him and his whole
family into the cemetery in a few days.”

  “I am opposed to it!” answered the Count, de-
cisively. “He is a very prominent person, a lot more
prominent than he thinks he is. If anything happens
to him, we shall have the Secret Service of the United
States after us in earnest and openly. So far they
have seen fit to leave us alone—that is, they made no
attempt to arrest us after that gold fiasco. Taine is
quiet now and his performance of tonight shows plainly
that he is not going to be caught napping. We are all
educated men but at the best we are not super-criminals
and I think we had better go ahead with our plans
and leave Taine alone. He is not going to be success-
ful all the time. Semon, have you figured out the
amount of your new chemical that will be needed to
thoroughly impregnate the water of the New York
reservoirs ?”

  “Yes,” replied the Doctor. “I have everything done
except the actual operation. We have the chemical in
a very finely powdered form, enough of it to make a
one to a million solution of all the water the City of
New York uses in three days. My plan is to scatter
it over the surface of the water by aeroplane on the
same principle that they dust the cotton fields in the
South. We shall have to make five trips from the
store-house, but the plane can carry five hundred pounds
at a trip and twenty-five hundred pounds will do the
work nicely.”

  “And you believe it will work as quickly wholesale
in an uncertain dilution as it did in your experiments?”
“I am confident of it. Of course, it is hard to
determine just how much water there is in the pipes
leading to the city, but I believe that the treated water
will be used by the end of twenty-four hours and after
that the lot of the people of the city will be hopeless.
Even if they suspect that there is something wrong
with the water, what can they do? They have to use
the water to drink, to cook with, to wash their clothes,
their skin and their teeth. Inside and outside of their
bodies they will be exposed to the drug. The first half
million cases will not be understood—the authorities
will do their best to keep it quiet—the changed men
and women will be kept indoors—perhaps quarantined.
By the end of the third day the water supply will be
pure, but by that time it will be too late.”

  The man called Marcus jumped to his feet, and
raised his clenched hands above him as though to
strike the Almighty in the face.

  “What a revenge! Oh! If only it works as we think
it will! Think of it I For years, from all parts of the
United States the wealth, brains and beauty of the
402

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

white race have gravitated to New York. Like gods
they have sat there, dictating fashion, habits and
morals to the millions of people who live in the rest
of the western hemisphere. Like gods they have lived
here and we negroes have just been their slaves and
their playthings. We were a little more than animals,
and a little less than human beings. They thought we
were a higher type of ape. In their vices they tainted
our blood and changed our blackness to an ashy gray.
Now these imitators of Jehovah are going to turn black
themselves. They will go to bed drunk with power and
content with life, the proud descendants of thousands
of generations of white ancestry and they will wake
up black. The physicians will think it is some new
disease and for a few hours they will be very busy, till
they themselves are blackened from head to heel. The
city will be a merry Hell—for us—it will be a city of
shadows.”

  “It will be worse than that!” cried the man called
George, who on the Gold Ship had called himself Count
Sebastian. “The news of what happens in that city
will be kept out of the city papers—for a day, or three.
Then by letter and telegraph and radio, by frightened
fugitives in planes and automobiles, the word will travel
around the world, ‘The People of New York Are Turn-
ing Black.'—A disease changing the color of eight mil-
lion people—a pestilence touching rich and poor, great
and small, the good man and the criminal! The city
will be accursed. A quarantine will be established, but
it will not be necessary, for no one will want to go
there for any purpose save some brave men from the
Public Health Service who will be sent to investigate.
The business of the city will be crushed. Millions will
try to leave, even though their skins are black. Out-
side the city, though, they will be treated as black folks.
That in itself will be a rich joke. They do not realize
what segregation means, but they will soon know. The
negroes will despise them as painted monstrosities. If
they go into a colored community, they will have to
show that their parents were black before they will
even be given a crust of bread. They will be unable
to get work: everyone will be afraid of them and sicken
at their sight. They will be lepers!”

  “Other cities will follow. Chicago, Philadelphia,
Denver. Soon it will not be a case of millions leaving
the United States. Will they receive welcome in Europe?
Will Canada sit calmly silent when ten million fugitives
cross her border? In a year the proudest country
in the world will be in a process of dissolution.
Revenge? Why, such a thing will be worse than
death. New York could overnight topple into the
crater of a new volcano without causing one hun-
dredth of the damage.

  “Of course there will be some white people left.
That will be another of the rare bits of sarcastic
humor the situation will evolve. They will be the
poor people, the crackers and the red necks and the
white trash who live in the piney woods and on
the mountains and drink white mule and mountain
spring water. They will stay white, and won’t hesi-
tate to shoot any black man who might bring the
disease to their isolated mountain homes.”

  “All that will happen,” said Dr. Semon, “but first
we must kill Taine.”

  "No,” insisted Count Sebastian. “Let’s wait. It
will be more fun to watch him pretend to think when
the President sends for him to unravel the latest New
York mystery. He will not escape us finally. Ebony
Kate will keep on the watch. Her sister works for
his wife.”

  “Let’s go,” said Marcus. “The plane is in back of
the house. We can make St. Louis in one flight if we
are fortunate.”

   They left the room. Taine stayed on the balcony till

he was sure they were well down stairs and then pried
the window open and tiptoed into the room. He wanted
to see a piece of paper that one of the men had drop-
ped under the table. Holding it in front of his flash
light, he saw that it was a map. Silently cursing the
woman’s clothes he had on, he went out on the balcony
and dropped to the ground. Just as he landed, he
heard the drone of an aeroplane starting from the
other side of the house.

TAINE knew what he wanted to do; but he was not
sure how he was going to do it.

  On him depended the happiness of millions, the
safety of his country.

  He wanted to rush to his Chief with the news; he
felt that the radio and the telegraph should carry the
warning to the threatened city. The War Department
ought to be notified and combat planes from San Fran-
cisco, Denver, and St. Louis should hunt through the air
till the mangled bodies of the conspirators were burn-
ing harmlessly on the ground, owned forever more by
the Caucasian race.

  But who would believe him?

  Suppose he told them the whole story? Told them
what he had heard? It would be a tale so preposter-
ous, so unreal and fantastic that he would be at once
placed under observation in a Psychopathic Hospital.
Before they found him sane, the damage would be done.
Suppose they did believe him at Headquarters? What
if they did send him by plane to Washington
to arouse the nation? What should they tell the mil-
lions of morons in New York? That they must not
drink, eat or wash till further notice? How many of
them, superior adults or feebleminded, would heed and
obey? How could they obey? How long can eight
million people live without touching water when an ap-
parently pure supply was flowing from a hundred mil-
lion faucets? And if they did realize the danger,
what would happen? Every one who could do so would
leave the city—even if they had to walk. It might
stay a white city but it would be an empty one. No.
Try as he could there was nothing to do but to stop
these men before they sprinkled the pigment-producing
drug over the waters of New York. They had to be
stopped and there was no one to do it except Taine.

  Try as he would he could not escape his fate.

  After it was all over—the danger past—the city
saved for the Caucasian race—then and then only he
could talk about it----

  But who would believe him?

  He thought of Biddle, who had sent him, single-
handed, against THE POWERFUL ONES. He tried
to recall how the President of the United States looked
when he told him that the gold must not come to the
shores of America. Perhaps those two men would be-
lieve him, later, when he told them the story. It might
be that his wife would understand that he was telling
the truth.

  He wondered if they were telling the truth!

  Could white people be turned black by drinking water
that had a chemical in it diluted one million times?

  Was it possible for such a disaster to take place
in the twentieth century?

  And if it could be done, what could he do to stop
it?

  Just then he thought of one of his most highly prized
souvenirs from his last adventure, a small visiting
card with the President’s name engraved on it. On
the reverse of the card, in the President’s handwrit-
ing, was written

  The Bearer, Mr. Taine, is a direct representa-
  tive of the President. All citizens are requested to

  render him any service he needs.

  He had always carried that card with him. He had
THE MENACE

403

it now in a secret pocket of an inside vest, wrapped
around with five hundred dollar bills. He remembered
a silly story he had learned in his high school days.
Something about a god called Time who had lots of hair
on the front of his head but was bald behind. If you
grabbed him at all, it had to be at the very beginning,
"taking time by the forelock”; once he had passed, it
was too late.

  Running out on the street, still feeling rather silly in
his feminine array, Taine took the first jitney and
started on his journey to save his country from the
peril which seemed to be impending.

  They started to laugh at the little woman who came
running into the Government airplane station and de-
manded a plane to take him to Baltimore. They
laughed harder when he said he wanted to make a
non-stop flight. They never would have taken him to
the commanding officer (who was playing poker with
his staff) had it not been for the woman’s tears.

  "I want to see you privately!” the woman said to
that officer.

  "Not by a long shot!” answered the Colonel. “I
have cut my wisdom teeth and there is not going to be
any blackmail around this station."

  “Fiddlesticks!” said the woman, starting to tear off
her dress.” I am Taine, of the San Francisco Secret
Service. I have to get to Baltimore, to the medical
school there, and I want to travel quick.”

  The Colonel looked at the little man who was shiver-
ing before him in B. V. D.’s and a funny kind of a
vest.

  “That may be so, but you travel by train.”

  “Look at this,” said Taine as he took some paper
money from around a small piece of paste board and
handed him a visiting card. The officer read it on both
sides; then he turned to his Adjutant.

  “Do you know the President’s writing?”

  “I believe so.”

  “How about this?”

  “Looks as though it might be genuine.”

  The Commanding Officer drummed on the table with
his finger-nails. Finally he woke up from his silent
thinking:

  "Captain Jenkins!” he said sharply. “For weeks you
have been making preparations to break the record for
the longest time a plane can stay in the air. I under-
stand you were going to try it tomorrow. Lieutenant
Jones was going with you. You and Jones are to start
right away. Throw away one hundred pounds of im-
pediments and take Mr. Taine with you. Your route is
Denver, St. Louis, Washington and Baltimore. I under-
stand that he has to get there at once. If you do not
want to make the trip in this fog, I will ask for volun-
teers.”

  “No need of that, Colonel,” said Jenkins. “Fix the
gentleman up in some clothes so he will not freeze to
death and we will start in an hour. Will you arrange
for some sandwiches and coffee, sir?”

  In exactly fifty-five minutes, Jenkins, Jones and
Taine were in the air on their way east. Taine was
not at all happy. He had never been in a plane and
had always been confident he would not enjoy an air
journey. During the first half hour he had ample
reason to know that his anticipations had been correct;
there was no doubt as to his increasing sickness.
After the worst of his nausea was over, he became
drowsy, and fell asleep. When he awoke, they were on
the ground. Jenkins asked him if he. had had a good
sleep and explained that they had been forced down
near St. Louis by a leak in the gas line. They would
have it fixed in a half hour and hoped to start at once.
Did Mr. Taine want anything to eat?

TAINE looked at a sandwich, washed down the look
with a cup of black coffee and said he was ready
whenever they were. He was especially anxious to know
if they had passed any planes. Jones laughed at that
and said that the planes had been thicker than swarming
bees. The sun was shining and the sky blue and clear.
Taine went back to his seat, told them to let him know
when they arrived at Baltimore. They wanted to know if
he did not want to see St. Louis and the Mississippi from
an airplane, but he said that all he wanted was to think
and sleep or anything at all, just so long as he could
avoid a repetition of his recent sickness. He had seen
both the river and the city from the ground and that
satisfied him. The two aviators looked with a pitying
curiosity at the little man and made him comfortable
in some blankets. He soon felt a bumping and then
everything was quiet. In reality he went to sleep again
—and stayed asleep till they arrived at Baltimore. It
was really a fairly remarkable trip, from one side of
the continent to the other in two hops, but the only
thing that Taine was interested in was that he was
finally in Baltimore and reasonably sure that he was
some hours ahead of the three conspirators.

  He said a few words of appreciation to the army
officers and took an automobile to Johns Hopkins Uni-
versity. Here the card from the President again
served him in good stead and within a very short time
he was in conference with the Professor of Derma-
tology of that medical college.

  The Professor was very properly thrilled. He had
taught the subject of diseases of the skin for thirty
years, and up to the present time no one had seemed
to realize what a very important part of medicine it
was. To have a man come all the way from San
Francisco to consult him, a man with a personal mes-
sage from the President of the United States, was
enough honor to make him glow to the point of break-
ing out with a neurotic urticaria. He listened, rather
impatiently, to Taine’s presentation of the hypothetical
case, and then, rather promptly and in as dignified
a manner as though rendering a decision of the Su-
preme Court, he gave his answer:

  “There is no disease, condition or manner of living,
Mr. Taine, that really turns a white skin black. Cer-
tain diseases turn the skin yellow, for example, jaundice;
or give it a bronze color, as in Addison’s disease; or a
dark silver as in poisoning from that metal; but no
disease or drug described up to the present time can
turn a white man into a negro. Of course, there are
certain diseases where part of the body becomes rather
changed in color but of the hundreds of such cases I
have seen in my long years of experience, I do not
recall a single case where the change in color was so
distinct or universal as to deceive a careful observer
in regard to the patient’s race.

  “However, in justice to myself, it is only fair to
state that there are thousands of new chemical com-
pounds which so far have not been tested in regard to
their effect on the human skin. Erlich made six hun-
dred and five arsenical compounds before he discovered
the celebrated 606, the basis of all modern treatment of
syphilis. There are many synthetic dyes, some of which
are highly poisonous to the human organism causing
rapid dissolution, disintegration and even decay of the
entire body, Mr. Taine, and in some cases where poison-
ing has resulted from the ingestion or injection of
such drugs, the skin has turned a deep purple, just
before death.”

  Taine thanked him heartily and said he would have
to go:

  “I am astonished at your wonderful learning, Pro-
fessor. You know a great deal about almost everything,
and I certainly thank you for your interest in the
matter. However, I must say that up to the present
404

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

time you have not definitely answered my question,
which was, whether a white man could be turned
black by drinking or bathing in water which was pois-
oned by an unknown drug in the strength of one to
one million?”

  “I do not know!” said the Professor, rather be-
wildered.

  “And I do not know, either,” said Taine, “but I am
going to find out.”

  “If you do,” said tho Professor, eagerly, “will
you come back and tell me? I should like to write a
monograph on it, and of course I would give you a
copy.”

  “I would expect you to give me at least one copy,”
said Taine, “though of course I could go to the Con-
gressional Library and read it there.”

  “You will not have to do that. I shall be glad to give
you a copy. I will even write my name on it, and I
do not "do that for everybody.”

  Taine heard only half of that last remark, for he
was rushing out of the building before the Professor
had come to the end of his generous offer. His chief
anxiety now was to get to New York City as soon as
he could. He would have liked to go back to Wash-
ington and talk over the problem with some of the men
there, but he resisted this temptation and he rushed to
the B. & 0. station instead. Here he became a human
dynamo and after brushing aside three office boys and
actually knocking an insulting clerk down, he saw the
Superintendent and in a few minutes of rapid talking
convinced him that he was in earnest. But it took all
of his power of argument and the President’s card
thrown in for good measure, to secure a special train
to New York. The tale should include the details of
this ride to New York in a locomotive, hanging on to
the fireman, and cinders thoroughly scattered all over
the inside and outside of the man from San Francisco.

  He reached the metropolis of the United States at
midnight. At once he telephoned to Gray, Chief of the
city’s Secret Service. He was in Chicago. He called up
Mr. Biddle, the Banker. He was at home, but had
retired for the night, and could not be seen till nine in
the morning. Taine was badly worried and growing
rather mad. He had a plan and he could not work it
out unless he had help. The President’s card was not of
any value, unless he could get the right people to read
it, and meantime the precious moments were passing.
Hunger and fatigue and anxiety made him sweat and
the drops running down his cheeks made ludicrous
streaks amid the dirt and cinders clinging to his three
day old beard.

  He dashed over to the ticket office and had a hundred
dollar bill changed. Then he ran out to the taxi stand
and gave the driver of a yellow cab the address of the
sleeping banker, Mr. Biddle.

  After frantic ringing of the door bell, the Butler
opened the sacred portals. He was very haughty in his
statement that Mr. Biddle would see no one. Taine
strong-armed him so thoroughly that he did not wake up
for some hours and then did not have a very clear idea
of what had taken place. The detective ran up the steps
calling Biddle’s name. A woman screamed and a man
ran out in white pajamas and shot at Taine, who cried:

  "Don’t shoot again, Mr. Biddle. I am Taine, the
detective. Don’t you remember the man from San Fran-
cisco? Put that gun up. You will hurt someone shoot-
ing that way.”

BIDDLE finally quieted the household and himself and
then sat down in the library and listened to Taine.
The banker made a very good listener. Finally the
detective finished.

  “What can I do to help you?” asked Biddle.

  “I want to see the man who knows the most about the

Croton Water Shed. The man who has been all over the
grounds, who helped make the survey and had charge of
the maps and blue prints.”

  “We will get him.”

  For the next twenty minutes the banker sat patiently
calling up man after man. Finally he jumped up in
triumph.

  “I found the man,” he said, "and he is on his way
down town. He will be here in twenty-five minutes, pick
us up and we will all go down town to his office where
the maps are. I shall have to dress. What can I do
for you?”

  “How about a safety razor and a place to shave?”
  “You can have that. How about a drink?”

  “Not now. If I ever get out of this mess, I may get
drunk, but not now.”

  “Have a cigar?”

  “No! I never smoke. I find that the tobacco injures
the dclicate enamel of the teeth and once that is injured
decay sets in and your teeth are soon lost, never to be
replaced.”

  The banker dressed and Taine shaved and they were
hardly finished when the door bell rang. It kept on ring-
ing and finally the banker went to answer it himself. In
doing so, he stumbled over the butler. Only then did
Taine think of explaining to him that the poor fellow
was not dead but simply knocked out by a detective’s
rough treatment. Immediately after that the three men,
Biddle, Taine and the Surveyor, were in a taxi headed
for City Hall.

  “Well?” said the Surveyor, a few minutes later, in his
large and orderly office, "what is the problem, and where
do I come in after losing my night’s rest.”

  "You will get your share—later,” answered the Banker.
“For the time being, listen to this man and see if you
can help him.”

  "All I want you to do,” chimed in the detective, “is to
tell me if you can recognize this map as a part of the
country around or near the Croton Water Shed.” He
took a small folded piece of paper out of his inside
pocket and handed it to the Surveyor.

  The man looked at it, and then jumped up from his
chair, crying:

  “Don't interrupt me!”

  “We won’t!” said the Banker.

  “Don’t make any noise!”

  "We won’t!”

  “I must have perfect silence. I want to concentrate.
I must think!”

  “Certainly,” said Taine, soothingly. Then in spite of
his dread and anxiety, he took a pencil and pad of paper
off the desk and wrote:

    His mind is very delicate. He would never make a
  detective.

and handed it to Biddle, who read it, smiled and wrote:
  Nor a banker

and passed it back. However, the man was really cap-
able in spite of his peculiarities, for after ten minutes
of the greatest physical and mental agitation, he ran to a
cabinet, took out a large blue print on the scale of one
inch to the mile, spread it on the table, compared it
with the small map Taine had handed him, and cried:
"There it is. I thought I remembered the place. Slept
in that old cabin several nights when we were survey-
ing that part of the shed.”

  “Is it hard to get to?” asked Taine.

“No. There is a fairly good road within a hundred
feet but no one goes there. The whole area was bought
by the state and practically cleared of its population.”
“Let’s start,” said Taine, “and get there as fast as we
can.”

  "What’s all the hurry?” asked the Surveyor.

  The Banker told him in a few well chosen words.
After that it was a foot race to see which one could
THE MENACE

405

get down to the waiting automobile first. In no time at
all they were tearing up Fifth Avenue, headed for
the cabin in the woods. The Surveyor insisted on driv-
ing in spite of the protests of the taxi-cab chauffeur.
Biddle, however, kept his head, and they went right back
to the banker’s house, where they changed cars for his
seven passenger Paige. They also picked up three
policemen, and then headed for the country.

  The Banker’s chauffeur was no mean driver himself
and with the Surveyor beside him to tell him just
where to turn, they had no trouble in averaging fifty-
five miles an hour. There was no car trouble and no
delay and yet dawn was breaking as the car stopped
in the woods and the Surveyor jumped out and started
to run.

  "Hold on!” exclaimed Taine, catching him. "I am
in as great a hurry as you are, but I do not want’
to be killed. Those three men may be there ahead of
us and if they are, they would not hesitate to shoot
us. Better go slow.” His advice was followed, but
the cabin was deserted.

  The door was padlocked but Taine had no trouble in
opening it. The party followed him inside. It was just
a little cabin in the woods, a very ordinary little cabin,
with a small stove and some shelves and a cot with
bedding on it: but in the center of the room were
twelve barrels.

  They were ordinary flour barrels, Pillsbury flour
barrels with the firm’s label neatly pasted on every
barrel, giving the exact brand of the flour and the
number of pounds. The men looked at each other and
they all looked at Taine. He looked at the Surveyor.

  "Sure this is the place?” he asked

  "Positive!”

  "Then get me an ax or something and help me to get
the top off of one of these barrels. Fast! No time
to spend thinking about it!”

  The top was soon off and they all crowded around
to look in.

  "Pshaw!” said Biddle. "Just flour. Suppose we taste
it?”

  He would have done so, had Taine not grabbed his
hand just in time. Taine told him in no uncertain lan-
guage just what kind of a fool he was, and as the
truth began to slip into the Banker’s consciousness,
that man grew pale and started to sweat. Then Taine
a3ked the Banker to come outside for a conference, as
a result of which the chauffeur, the Surveyor, one
policeman and the Banker stai'ted off in the Paige.
Taine and the other two policemen walked into the
woods and hid themselves. Telling the men to watch
the cabin, the detective started off through the woods.
In a very few minutes he found just what he was
looking for, a meadow fairly free from brush and
weeds, large enough and smooth enough to make a
good landing field for a plane, provided the aviator was
a little more clever than the average. It was, at the
most, a hundred yards from the cabin. In the middle
there were ruts in the grass which looked as though
a plane had landed there on a wet day.

  Then Taine went back to the policemen.

FINALLY, after what seemed ages, a large truck
came up the road laden with twelve barrels and
several men. Behind was the Paige car. Taine in-
spected these barrels, said they would do, and ordered
them carried very carefully into the cabin. The men
who carried the twelve barrels in, carried twelve bar-
rels out and back on the truck. When they were
through, the inside of the cabin looked just as it had
before the lock had been picked. Taine put the pad-
lock on, gave the driver careful directions and started
him off with the truck. He then held a long confer-

ence with Biddle and started him back to New York
City with the three policemen and the Surveyor. He
then returned to his point of observation and thank-
fully ate the lunch Biddle had brought him.

  With the exception of a hawk who persistently
soared above him, Taine was alone. Not really alone
for he had abundant fears to keep him company. What
worried him most of all was the map. Suppose the
three white negroes had suspected his presence and
dropped a map on purpose? They might even have
had a special cabin fixed up to deceive him. While he
was locating the cabin on the map and waiting for
them to put in an appearance, they might be scattering
the poison over the Croton waters. Was he wrong?

  Would Providence permit him to be wrong?

  Was he predestined to be the savior of New York or
face the world as a huge joke, an ignorant blunderer?

  The afternoon wore wearily on, the setting sun sink-
ing silently on silvery spruce trees. Another hawk
joined the first in its aimless flight. No! Not a hawk,
but a plane!! This way!! Sinking, settling softly,
safely in the meadow. Taine smiled and rubbed his
chin.

  He was safe.

  He knew he was safe when he saw three men come
running through the woods toward the cabin: he was
confident he was safe when he saw them unlock the
door and disappear through the doorway; he sighed a
prayer of thanks to his Presbyterian God when he saw
them appear carrying a barrel on an improvised
stretcher. Shortly after the distant buzz of a motor
was followed by the appearance of a plane over the
treetops. Taine left his station near the cabin and
circling through the woods gained a viewpoint of the
meadow. One man, left behind, was building a fire
at either end of the field to serve as guides to the
aviator as darkness came.

  The plane returned in the twilight. The men again
ran toward the cabin, and came back staggering under
the weight of another barrel. The top was knocked
off and its contents transferred to a hopper in the
plane. It was rather dark but Taine was able to see
part of what they were doing and guess at the rest.
After the departure of the machine, the man who was
left behind broke up the barrel and used the dry wood
to keep the signal fires burning. The detective waited
till one more trip had been made, then scratched some
leaves together, covered up as best he could, and fell
asleep happy in his well earned contentment. It was
morning when he awoke: everything seemed quiet but
he decided to inspect the meadow before leaving. He
had come just in time to see the plane return, pick
up the third man and start off again. He walked
thoughtfully to the cabin and was not at all surprised
to find the door open and the room empty. The twelve
barrels were gone.

  “This,” said Taine to himself, "makes me believe
in predestination more than ever before.”

  The country Taine found himself in was wooded
and very sparsely settled. The only thing that he was
sure of was that he was in New York state. He was
also afraid that he was hungry. Within an hour he
had a slight idea that he really was hungry and this
idea rapidly grew till it took entire possession of him:
just as he was about to despair he came out on a hard
surfaced road bordering on a large lake. Greatly inter-
ested, he walked to the shore and going down on his
knees carefully examined the stones and gravel washed
by the little windwaves. There was a white scum
there; just the slightest trace. He put some on his
finger and tasted it.

  Far down the road he saw smoke curling upward in
406

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

the thin autumn air. That meant fire and fire might
mean food. He walked down the road and came to a
neat little bungalow. The man who came to the door
was soon identified as one of the water shed police.
He was glad to furnish what he had in the way of
food; not much, but enough to keep Taine alive. In
answer to the inquiry, he said that there had been
several aeroplanes flying around the night before.

  By noon Taine was in New York city. Ordinarily
he was a neat little man but he was far from that as
he got off the train in the Grand Central Station. He
went at once to the Biddle home, where the butler ad-
mitted him rapidly but with decided resentment, for
he was still nursing a swollen jaw. The San Fran-
cisco man luxuriated in a long, hot bath, and a shave.
The banker had a clothing man and a haberdasher
come to the house and by the time Taine was through
with his nap, a completely new outfit was ready for
his use. A valet helped him dress, and served him a
very light lunch in his room. By dark Biddle ar-
rived and they had a conference in the library during
which the banker told the detective that the twelve
barrels were safe, in a dry place, and that he was
giving a little supper that night at home to a few of
the big men of the city and he wanted Taine to be
there and tell them about the events of the last few
days. The San Francisco man protested—said he
ought to start for the west—but the banker insisted
and said that his guests were not to be disappointed
and that he had secured a dress suit for Taine and
had sent a long telegram to Mrs. Taine, to the effect
that her husband was safe but would be too busy to
write for a few days. So Taine went up stairs and
had his clothes changed again, and looked very much
like a society man when he came down to supper.

  Ten men sat down to supper and those men repre-
sented the wealth, culture and power of the Bast. The
Mayor was there and several business men, the Presi-
dent of a railroad, the head of a great department
store and the private secretary of the Governor of
the State. The dinner was well planned and suited
Taine, who was still hungry from his long hours of
fasting. After it was over and the servants were
dismissed and the doors closed, Biddle introduced the
little western man and asked him to tell his story,
beginning with the Center Internationale episode. Taine
talked without flourishes or oratory, just a plain state-
ment of fact told by a plain man. When he finished,
he took a small baking powder tin out of his pocket,
carefully took the lid off and placed the open can on
the table.

  "That,” he said, “is a small sample of this new
poison these men were going to put in your drinking
water.”

  "That looks harmless,” said the Mayor.” I fancy
that it was all a joke. This probably is a novel way
Mr. Biddle has of entertaining us after one of his
excellent meals.”

  Mr. Biddle looked at Mr. Taine. Everybody kept
still. Then Taine began:

<ct HAVE a little money, Mr. Mayor. Of course it is

  A out west but Mr. Biddle will finance me. I bet
you one hundred thousand dollars that you will not
drink a glass of water with a little pinch of this drug
dissolved in it. I will bet you another hundred thou-
sand that if you do drink it, you will turn black inside
of twenty-four hours.”

  His Honor laughed nervously as he replied:

  “It would not be very dignified for me to make such
bets. You may be telling the truth, yet I am frank
to say that I cannot believe you till the thing is demon-

strated. It is too fanciful, too much like a fairy tale.”
  At this the Governor’s Secretary interrupted.

  “I have an idea. Up at Sing Sing, in the death
house, are eleven men waiting death in the electric
chair. I believe the Governor would think favorably
of pardoning some of them if they would drink some
of this drug as an experiment. Suppose we go up
to Albany right away and see him? We could take
some chemists and specialists with us to tell us what
actually happened.”

  “I do not like that suggestion,” said one of the
business men. “No matter what happens, the men will
be set at liberty and they will talk. A rumor that such
a danger threatened New York will be almost as bad
for us as though it actually occurred. Now if we
could only get some idiots! That is the very idea!
Let’s go over to Ward’s Island to the Hospital for the
Insane and see if we cannot get the Superintendent to
furnish us with material for the experiment?”

  “No! A thousand times NO!!” thundered the Mayor.
“Such a thing would leak out—somebody would tell,
and a dozen woman’s clubs in the city would start to
talk about it. To them, those idiots would seem
precious. Every woman would say, ‘What if they did
that to my hopeless child, entrusted to the care of a
great city, and unable to defend himself? Suppose my
little one, once a baby in my arms, but touched by the
finger of God, so that he never grew to be anything
but a baby, was turned black to satisfy the curiosity
of a group of politicians and capitalists?’ Use your
imagination and hear the women talking and then at
the next election go to the polls prepared to see Tam-
many Hall wiped out of power. By the Holy Shade of
Tweed I would rather drink the damned stuff myself
than to give it to a single ward of the State.”

  At the table was a silent young man. All through
the evening he had sat in a gloomy introspection.
Mr. Biddle had invited him because he was the junior
partner of the most powerful law firm in the city.
His right hand, with fingers long and immaculate, lay
motionless on the white table cloth. His left hand
grasped the stem of a Venetian goblet. During the
entire discussion he had turned his face, expression-
less, from one speaker to another. Right across the
table sat Taine and the little tin can was between
them. After the Governor’s telegram was read, re-
gretting that he could not be present, but urging them
to solve the question once and for all, after the Mayor
had foolishly hinted that Taine was telling the tale in
the capacity of a commercial and professional enter-
tainer, after seeing Taine’s quiet rage and hearing
the discussion it provoked, after all this the silent
young man stood up.

  “Gentlemen,” he said. “I am convinced that Mr.
Taine is telling the truth as far as he can see it. To
believe a thing and to prove it are two different things.
I followed his story with a great deal of interest and
as far as circumstantial evidence is concerned, he has
proved his case. You do not believe him because you
do not want to believe him. The whole situation seems
impossible, so horrible that you do not dare to face
the facts. For thousands of years you have thought
that a white skin meant a white God. Tonight you
do not even dare to turn some white idiots black.

  “Yet, this is a matter of greatest importance to all
of you. If this happened, you captains of industry
would become paupers, you bankers would degenerate
into small town note-shavers, and the politicians of
the greatest city in the western hemisphere would
start in to work for a living. You need the city to
keep you where you are, and you know that it has to
be a white city. Mr. Taine was right in feeling that
THE MENAGE

40?

the danger was as great as any that has ever threat-
ened a people. He had the imagination to see how a
thing like that would make New York a pariah among
cities of the world.

  “So far you are guessing. What you need is proof.
Here is the drug and in my hand is a glass of water.
Watch me! I take a spoon and put some of the drug
in the water and stir it up. No doubt I have made a
stronger solution than one to a million, but that is a
matter of small importance. When we hold the glass
up to the light, we see that it is perfectly clear. I
smell it and find it has no odor. To all appearances
it is simply a glass of ice water—and now I drink
it.”

  He did so before anyone could stop him: he did it
before they even suspected that he was going to do
it. The room was quiet, save for a few hissing gasps.
He went on talking.

  "Of course I have my own reason for doing this,
but that is a personal matter. I took an extra large
dose of the drug so it would work quickly and re-
lieve your suspense. I will now clear a space in front
of my chair on this snow-white table and when I sit
down I will spread my hands on the cloth. This will
enable you to watch any result without looking at my
face. We will pass the time in telling funny stories
and jokes.”

  He sat down and spread out his hands. Then he
said:

  ‘‘Have you ever heard the one about the two Irish-
men? I heard that in Dublin and you would be sur-
prised to know who told it to me. I told it once to
some cosmopolitans in Monte Carlo and the story was
well liked by most of them,” and so on and on his talk
rambled in an even, cultured, entertaining way and
for an hour he talked and perhaps two, and the men
listened to him in silence and watched his hands
with dread—

  Those white hands turned brown and then darker
and finally they were black. They saw that the hands
were black as any negro’s hands had ever been—but
no one dared to look the man full in the face—and he
said:

  “I think I can go now. There seems to be no doubt
that Taine told the truth.”

  The man pushed back his chair, rose to his feet
and left the room.

  A guest seated near Mr. Biddle started to laugh.
The other men looked at him in horror and disgust.
He kept on laughing—seemed to be unable to stop—
laughed till he cried and panted for breath. The
guests looked at Biddle as though they felt it was
his place to give the comedian his well deserved re-
buke. As he evidently shared in their feeling, Biddle
simply waited till he had a chance to speak:

  "Smithers! Please stop!! You are the only one who
sees anything funny in all this. To me the affair is
a tragedy. That man is a hero. He has sacrificed

something that is dearer than life for the sake of his
city. You should blush for shame at your conduct!”
Smithers gradually became quiet. His lobster red
face paled and changed to a deadly pallor, a sickly
whiteness, a sweating ashen face, as he replied:

  "Oh! I know that you think it is brutal of me and
all that, but I could not help it. You could not have
helped it either if it had hit you the way it did me.
I know the boy. For a year he has been in love with
an octoroon, a nice girl and all of that and almost
white. She would not marry him because she did not
want to spoil his life and he would not live with her
unless they were married. That was why he wanted
to make the experiment—he thought that if he was
colored too, she would marry him. She might have
if he were just a little bit colored—just a shade off
white like she is, but he turned black—like a piece of
coal. I saw his face as he went out and it hit me
all of a sudden that she would never recognize him as
Jamison, her former white lover. He will never be
able to explain it to her, how it happened. She is
almost white and do you think she would marry a black
man? He was brave and in love and all that sort of
thing but fate has played him a sorry jest—I am

sorry that I laughed-but— I- just-couldn’t

- help it!”

  Just then, before Biddle had a chance to reply, the
butler handed him a telegram. He opened it and read
it and then jumped to his feet:	,,

  “Here is something that demands immediate atten-
tion from every possible source. We had sent the orig-
inal twelve barrels containing the poison by truck to
Boston. This telegram states that while crossing the
Connecticut River at Springfield the steering gear
broke and the truck and the twelve barrels broke
through the bridge and were sunk in the river. The
driver and the other man on the truck jumped out on
the bridge and did not get hurt. Meantime the people
of every town south of Springfield are exposed to this
menace.”

  “I would advise,” said Taine, “that you get in touch
with the Governors of Massachusetts and Connecticut
at once and have those areas put under martial law.
Here is the rest of the drug. Have it examined and
see if an antidote for it cannot be found. Do not
delay doing this. Use all of your resources and arrest
these three men. While they are alive, the country is
not safe. Personally I feel that I have done all that
I can do for you. The future safety of your city rests
with yourselves. There is a midnight train leaving for
the west and if you have no objections, I will make a
rush and catch it. I want to get west and see how my
family is getting along.”

  "But what do we owe you?” asked the Mayor.

  “Oh! You send what you think it is worth to my
wife. She gets all I make over and above my salary.”
And by 1 A. M. Taine was speeding westward.

4.	The Insane Avalanche

A NAMELESS yacht was steaming on an unknown	European society as Count Sebastian, the man called
sound towards an uncharted island in the Pacific	Marcus, an inventor and scientist of unknown ante-
Ocean. It was the refuge of THE POWERFUL	cedents and Dr. Semon, who had been educated at the
ONES, a place specially prepared as a haven of escape	best medical schools and universities in Europe. There
when the world was being combed for them and the	had been others, but they had died in the disaster re-
police of every nation was hunting them like so many	suiting from the destruction of the Center Interna?
cobras or tigers.	tionale. The one woman in the organization was, for
There were now only three left. George, known to	the time being, hiding in San Francisco. There were
408

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

subordinates in the association, and perhaps thirty in
all, were either on the yacht or were waiting on the
island for its arrival.

  They were all negroes, banded together for the total
subjection, and, if necessary, destruction of the Cau-
casian race. Three carefully arranged and minutely
prepared plans had failed. The effort to buy New
York and turn the black race white had terminated in
the destruction of their building in New York, the
death of over a thousand of their most valuable mem-
bers and a serious economic loss. Their plan to im-
poverish the United States by flooding its banks with
millions of synthetic gold and then forcing the world
to change from a gold to a platinum standard had re-
sulted in failure, and every nation in the world had
been furnished with a method of detecting their artifi-
cial gold. No longer could they create millions in their
laboratories over night. Then had come their de-
termination to inflict a crowning and humiliating in-
jury on their enemies by turning eight million white
New Yorkers black overnight. That also had been a
costly and useless effort. They had spent their re-
sources in preparing nearly three thousand pounds of
a powerful drug, and had used it in an effort to poison
the water supply of the great city, yet, for a week
after they had done this, they waited impatiently for
the drug to act and nothing had happened. Discouraged,
they realized that once more, in some mysterious way,
they had been thwarted in their revenge.

  They had failed, and for the first time they were
pursued. On land, air and ocean the machinery of
justice was following them in a determined search
which they knew would stop only when they were
safely behind the steel bars of some modern bastile.
Then it was that they were glad they had an island
to go to, prepared years before for just such an emer-
gency, and equally glad they were to be able to get
there—and they lost no time.

  On the island, discouraged and disheartened, they
lived from day to day, without hope and with diminish-
ing pride in their own achievements. The elaborate
system of government, which had been relentless and
immobile in its rigid rule, began to disintegrate and
decay. They, who had once been called THE POWER-
FUL ONES, slowly approached the level of their hum-
blest subjects. The tropical heat lowered their morale
and slowly destroyed their desire to conquer the world.
Gradually the equatorial sun was restoring them to
equality with their savage ancestors. Women were
brought to the island, at first secretly and then openly.
When Ebony Kate arrived, the tom-tom was heard once
more. A sailor, breaking the laws of the island, was
beheaded, and his body found other sepulchre than
Mother Earth. Those who. had hoped to conquer the
United States were now being subjected by their own
impulses.

  Of course they still tried to invent new plans for
the continuation of the struggle to which they had con-
secrated their lives, but it seemed to become harder to
concentrate. The minds of Count Sebastian, Marcus and
Dr. Semon had once held a large proportion of the
knowledge of modern civilization, and no doubt they
still knew all they ever did know, but it became harder
to use their intelligence and knowledge in productive
effort. Each day nothing happened. Each day they
promised each other that tomorrow they would begin
intensive work.

THEN one day a stranger came to the island.
He was a mulatto, well dressed, with several
trunks of clothes, books and scientific instruments. It
never was determined how he had found out about

their refuge, and the exact location, but there was no
doubt that he knew considerable about their organ-
ization.

  There was no hesitation on his part in telling his
reason for seeking them over thousands of miles of
tropical ocean. His motive was the same as theirs be-
fore discouragement had anaesthetized their ambition.

  “I am a physician by profession,” he told the three
leaders that evening,” but my specialty is psychiatry.
I have always been interested in the mind, and prefer-
ably in the abnormal, the unusual, the diseased mind. My
color made it hard for me. The study of medicine was
difficult, and the endeavor to become a psychiatrist
almost insurmountable. There is only one place to
study insanity and that is in a hospital for the men-
tally diseased. In Europe it was easy to obtain oppor-
tunities for study but hard to finance the years of
preparation. In the United States there was practi-
cally no opening for one of my race. Again and again
I took civil service examinations and was placed at
the head of eligible lists, only to be sidetracked when
they found I was a negro. I knew as much as any
of them. In fact, for two years I wrote a series of
papers for one of the great physicians of America who
published them under his own name. Finally I drifted
to Harlem and opened a small hospital for mental
diseases, and there I heard about you and your am-
bitions. They are still talking about you, in a whisper,
in the secret halls of their lodges. They believe that
some day you will come back and strike for them—
destroy the Caucasian and establish the supremacy of
the Ethiopic race.

  “I gathered together the fragments of what I heard
and from them I made a fairly good story of your
plans and your failures. After the day’s work was
done, I used to sit in my office and wonder why you
had failed and whether in some way you could not yet
succeed. You will pardon me if I tell you that I gained
the idea that the cause of your failure was your de-
sire to gain your ends too quickly. You wanted to
accomplish all in a year, in five years, instead of being
willing to wait.

  "One night I had an idea. A man can preach a ser-
mon, write a book or live a life centering around a
single new thought. Perhaps dozens of our specialty
had entertained this idea for a second and then passed
it by before it reached their consciousness. With mo
it was different. I was so thoroughly conscious of it,
that for several nights I could not sleep. Finally I
arrived at a decision. I spent a year in study and
expended all of my wealth, not much, but all of it, and
finally I was sure. Then I came to you. We need
money, time and brains, but above all we shall need
patience. Some of us may die of old age before we
are through, but we will have trained men to follow us
in the next generation, and the next.

 "Now what I want to do is this-”

  Far into the night he talked and long into the dark
they listened, and they were tired by morning, but in
their hearts was a new determination and a fresh cour-
age. They had failed three times, but this time they
were sure they would succeed, for, to the leadership
of Count Sebastian, the inventiveness of Marcus, and
the scientific ability of Dr. Semon, was added the
deeply specialized mind of Dr. Abraham Flandings.

LIFE in the United States was becoming highly
standardized. Many of the processes in the in-
dustrial life were so successfully studied that produc-
tion was possible on a larger scale than had ever been
dreamed of. A working slave would spend a lifetime
carving and decorating a Roman chariot in the days
On their tags were written their fina? dnstination and they were taken, sleeping, to their new homes and laid in long rows in glass houses.

THE MENACE

of Nero, but in the era of Ford, four hundred men
in four minutes could assemble an automobile and more
than one of them had wealth enough to purchase and
use it. Life was standardized as well as work. In
the United States millions were becoming used to the
same diet, the same amusements and the same vices.
The home was disappearing. Babies were born in hos-
pitals, reared in day nurseries, educated in state
schools, amused by the cinema, entertained by the auto-
mobile and airplane. The companionate marriage pro-
vided a maximum of selfish, personal pleasure with a
minimum of responsibility and self-sacrifice. In thou-
sands of such families the wife was a wage earner as
well as the husband and the pair ate out of tin cans
and delicatessen stores. Sickness was financed by in-
dustrial insurance and domiciled in hospitals. The
diagnosis was made piecemeal by groups of specialists,
the disease was treated, thousands of drugs were in
laboratories, and each patient had the attention of one-
tenth of a nurse. No serious case was considered com-
plete without a careful autopsy, the report of which
was given to the surviving relatives to be considered
as a basis for future reference. The remains', less the
sections for microscopic study, were buried from un-
dertaker's parlors and finally rested in enormous com-
munity graves and recorded in the large volumes of
cemetery records, many thousand burials to the
volume.

  Life was easy. As the life of the world became sys-
tematized, competition grew less severe and the exis-
tence of the individual less complex. He had to think
less because so many of the necessary things of life
were thought of for him. In school his children had
their teeth filled and tonsils and adenoids removed. An
adults' health insurance forced him to eat more or less.

When food could be bought in tablets, less skill was
required to become a cook. It is not certain that the
people were happier but they were certainly far more
comfortable.

  One of the most remarkable changes was the great
increase in the amount of glass used. Like all other
industries, the manufacture of glass was controlled by
a trust, which for inventiveness and initiative had no
equal in the business world of the western hemisphere.
Their motto was:

“Use More Glass in More Ways."

  Their advise was:

  “Let Us Show You What To Do With Glass."

  Their full page slogan in the papers of the United
States read:

"You Can Do Anything With Glass and
Do It Cheaper.”

  It seemed, from their literature, that this was to be
a glass age instead of steel. Their inventors made
glass that was flexible, malleable and ductile, as strong
as steel, pliable as copper, and useful as wood. Roads
were made of glass bricks: it was used for roofs in-
stead of slate or asbestos, and finally a complete house
was put on the market, a house of glass, 100 per cent
glass, six rooms complete, for $100.00.

  It was a pretty house. The walls were of green glass,
eight inches thick and filled with bubbles. It was, of
course, supposed to be an excellent nonconductor of
heat. The roof was of brown glass, thin enough to al-
low a soft light to filter through in the daytime, yet
not transparent to the aviator passing above. Inside
the furniture, plumbing, fixtures, were all of glass, dif-
ferent in tone and harmonious in design. All that
was necessary was to rent or buy a piece of land,
410

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

order the house and in a few weeks move in. The
cellar was a combination basement and garage.

  Naturally, when a house could be bought for the
price of four supercord tires, the desire came to many
companionate brides to own their own homes. Subur-
ban cities of glass sprang up like mushrooms over
night. People who had never considered it advisable
to buy a home, gasoline being so high and so neces-
sary, now stayed home on four consecutive Sundays,
and on the fifth Sunday moved into their own home.

  In the cities, the older tenaments and apartment
houses were falling into decay. The real estate men,
architects and builders realized that steel would rust
and cement crumble and decay. The Glass Trust, at
the psychological moment, proposed apartment houses
built of glass, and when the possibility of this type
of construction was doubted, they put up a twenty-
story building in the middle of New York City and
asked the experts to find flaws in it. The Trust claimed
that such a building could be erected, of standardized
parts, in one-third the time and for one-half the cost
of a similar building of reinforced concrete.

  Within five years all the new construction in the
great cities was of glass. The more substantial struc-
tures of stone were doubled in size by adding glass
super-stories. Finally, as a gift to the city, the Glass
Trust built a transborough driveway fifty feet wide
on the tops of houses, thus greatly facilitating inter-
urban traffic.

  Not only in New York, but in all of the large
American cities, this use of glass was progressively
increasing. The rural districts, quick to see the many
benefits arising from such a cheap, yet durable, ma-
terial, adopted it even more extensively than did the
cities. Accustomed to ordering merchandise by mail,
they readily bought the new glass sections, and as
quickly put them together. The farmer was now living
in a glass house that was easily cleaned, vermin proof
and cheaper than any other kind of material or mode of
construction. In the South, the glass house was re-
placing the hut of the plantation hand and of the
poor white.

  Inside of twenty-five years, ninety per cent of the
population of the United States was spending at least
half their life under glass. For the last ten of these
years, the Glass Trust had ceased to invent new uses
for their products and devoted all their energy toward
selling large amounts at a low price and a small profit.
While not claiming to be philanthropists, they at least
felt that their firm had contributed largely to the eco-
nomic welfare and happiness of the nation. At least
they said so very modestly in their advertisements.

  The ruling minds of the United States were rather
well pleased with the progress the nation was making.
They felt that they had each contributed their share
toward the prosperity, health and happiness of the
great republic. It is true that the wealth of the land
was concentrated in the hands of a few large trusts,
but these used their power to aid and not to oppress.
Education, investigation, and prophylaxis were instru-
ments used by them on a large scale. Every rich man
gave millions toward the endowment of a Foundation.
Carnegie gave every little town a library, while Rocke-
feller freed the country from the dreaded hook-worm.
There were two great desires of every bright mind in
the States, to become rich, and to use that wealth in
a hew service to humanity. Yet even the humanitarian
work was so systematized as to becomo painfully im-
personal. The individual was beginning to disappear,
and to reappear simply as a cog in a great machine.

  Then, right in the midst of this happiness, came
disaster.

  It came so insidiously, so quietly, so naturally and
universally that for many years it was not recognized
as a threatening danger and a destructive agent of
gloomy horror.

EARLY in the history of the country, asylums had
been erected for the care of the insane. At first
these were simply boarding houses which gave cus-
todial care to the inmates, clothed, fed and bedded
them. In 1900 the ability to diagnose was being de-
veloped in these hospitals. Ten years later active
treatment was begun for some types. By the time
of the World’s War, the specialty of Neuro-p3ychiatry
was growing more rapidly than any other branch of
medical science. Institutions for the insane were no
longer called Asylums, but State Hospitals for Mental
Diseases. The physicians were no longer called Head-
knockers, but Psychiatrists. The insane were consid-
ered wards of the state and each commonwealth vied
with the others in properly caring for these unfortu-
nate people.

  With the founding of the National Committee of
Mental Hygiene, came the statistical study of insanity.
At once certain interesting facts were disclosed. For
example, it was found that as many people became
insane every year in the United States as graduated
from the Universities, Colleges and Normal Schools.
That fact alone gave some people food for thought.
Then from all over the United States came the com-
plaint that the states could not build additional hos-
pitals fast enough to accommodate the increasing de-
mand. The yearly program of the American Psycho-
logical Society was occupied with the problem of pre-
vention of new cases of insanity in the years to come
and a proper care of those who were already insane.
Many investigators spent years in trying to cure these
cases but many more were working in the field of
prevention. Bills providing for the sterilization of the
unfit were passed in many states. More rigid laws
were passed regulating marriage. The increase in
insanity became like the weather, there was a lot of
talk about it, but not much could be done to correct it.

  In 1920 some states were caring for one insane per-
son to every three hundred of its population. By 1930
the ratio all over the country was one in two hun-
dred. At that time the burden seemed too great to be
carried indefinitely, but with newer methods of feeding
and increasing efficiency, every state was able to go
ahead with the great charity. When five more years
had passed, the situation ceased to be a problem and
became a menace, a threatening disaster, for the ratio
was now one in fifty.

  Not a family but had at least one member insane.
In some cases every individual, not only of a family,
but of a community had become insane. Unable to
care for themselves, lacking even the elementary in-
stincts of self-preservation, these people had to be
segregated and gathered together into large settle-
ments and fed, clothed, bedded, and treated by the
State. Yet, in spite of the tremendous burden, the
country staggered on, in the hope that the wave of
insanity would pass by and that the complete isola-
tion of these mentally afflicted would absolutely pre-
vent the transmission of the disease in future gen-
erations.

  There was now no effort made to build new institu-
tions for these people. Instead large towns were con-
fiscated, walled around with high wire fences and
turned into concentration camps. Normal Schools, Col-
leges, Churches and High Schools were turned into
hospitals for specific types of psychoses. It required
the combined effort of the sai e people to provide for
THE MENACE

411

the insane. Fortunately science had made it possible
to care for these in the most efficient manner. Whereas,
a ward physician formerly had a maximum of three
hundred patients, he was now caring for three
thousand.

  By the next three years, to be exact, in 1923, the
problem had become a national one, because one-half
of the population were incapacitated, on account of
their mental peculiarities. The United States army,
regular and reserves, had been mobilized to its full
strength and was used as guards, nurses and at-
tendants. In some parts of the nation, public work
and farming was done with various degrees of success
by the stronger of the male patients, while the less
afflicted females helped with the cooking and washing.

  The leaders of the American Psychiatric Society
watched the progress of this tidal wave with the great-
est interest and intensive study, but finally had to
make the soul-sickening report to Congress that they
did not understand what was causing the great in-
sanity epidemic, and consequently did not have the
slightest idea of how they could prevent it. They
stated that the insanity had little effect on the death
incident and that if these people were humanely
treated, the average length of institution life would be
about twenty years. They knew, though it was only
admitted behind closed doors and in a whisper, that
if the increase continued for another ten years, the
entire nation would be mad with no one to care for
them. A continent of insanity left without control
to follow the tortuous devices of their dementia! Per-
haps it would spread and the entire world would go
wild!!

  The world feared this and enforced a rigid quaran-
tine. The United States, weakened in man power and
barely able to finance the crushing burden, was too
feeble to protest.

  Something had to be done!

THERE arose in Congress a party who demanded
the life in a humane manner, -of every person who
became insane, and who were already insane. They
argued, and it must be confessed that they had a great
deal of right on their side, that the time would come
when these victims of insanity would have to die from
hunger. It was still possible to make protein using
atmospheric nitrogen, to change cellulose into sugar,
to make synthetic fat, but the time might come when
the laboratory worker would go crazy in his shop, the
skilled mechanic become insane at his bench, the engi-
neer hauling a train of food develop a psychosis at
the throttle. Would it not be better to kill them
humanely, rather than to wait for the time when,
lacking the restraining influences of sanity, they would
rend each other like beasts and die in the swamps and
mountains of hunger and cold? With the insane bur-
den off their shoulders, the sane population of the
United States might yet restore it to its former place
as a leader in the world. Now they had nothing to
look forward to- but- the- end!!!

  This party was bitterly opposed by another faction
of Congress. They argued that even though the entire
nation went insane, even if their civilization perished
under the growing curse, still as long as a million, a
hundred thousand, a hundred or one person remained
sane, it was the duty of that survivor of sanity to
continue caring for his unfortunate brothers. It
was better for the nation to perish clean than to sur-
vive with an ineffaceable blot upon its manhood and
honor. It was not their fault that the entire country
was sick, but if in their panic they put one of these
unfortunates to death, then forever their names would

go down in disgrace on the pages of history. From
press and pulpit, from Senator to the Mayor of the
smallest town came the cry echoing that command
given centuries before on Mount Sinai:

THOU SHALL NOT KILL!

  Yet what was to be done?

  All through 1938 they talked and thought and prayed
and in January, 1939, the dreaded news came. The
increase during the year had been so great, that now
there were two insane persons in the United States
for every sane person! Small wonder that the Sena-
tors pleaded for the Psychiatric Death Bill.

  It would have passed the next session of Congress
had not an humble worker in an obscure college of
the south, by name Howens of Spineville, made a
special trip to Washington at his own expense and
asked, with a peculiar diffidence, the privilege of ap-
pearing before the Committee on Insanity. They had
been bothered with all kinds of cranks but this man
was well provided with credentials and they gave him
a hearing.

  They met in one of the Senate rooms around a long
table. Professor Howens asked to be seated near the
middle of the table so all could see and hear him. On
the table in front of him he placed a small Boston
bag. Just as soon as he started to talk, they identified
him as a college professor, for every few minutes he
would stop and ask them if they understood the mat-
ter as far as he had gone. In fact, he began by say-
ing that he was very much embarrassed, but if he
could just imagine they were a group of his pupils, he
would do very well in his talk.

  “I have been working on this for some years,” he
said, “and before I go on I want to give due credit
to three of my pupils who have been of the greatest
help to me for many years. Of course our college,
like all others, was turned into a hospital, but the
laboratory smelled so that it never could be fixed up
as a dormitory and we just kept on using it. I and
my three pupils thought we might as well stay there
as anywhere else, and we really were fairly comfort-
able on army cots, eating synthetic food and once in a
while one of our turtles. Of course I wanted to stay
but I never could make up my mind why the other three
decided to spend so many years with me; so, you must
understand that each of us contributed a part to the
conclusions we reached.

  “Hardner Gowers had been raised in the country and
had learned to use his eyes in the woods. The woman,
Ellen Heller, was really insane, her peculiar idea being
that she could make paraffin sections better than any-
one in the world, which of course was a delusion, be-
cause I taught her all she knew. Still, she was a very
fine technician and was of great help to us and as
we all thought a great deal of her, especially Gowers,
we did not report her to the authorities; we simply
let her stay with us. The third student had spent
his four college years with the other two and had
developed the habit. Therefore, though he tried to
leave us, he was so miserable when away, that he came
back and offered his services. Miss Heller used to
say, ‘Cline does not do a thing to help me but I can-
not work unless he is watching me,’ so Cline would
sit on a stool and look at her work, and we got along
very well. We were not bothered much by the authori-
ties. They tried to investigate us once but could not
stand the odor of our work shop.

  “Gowers brought in a wasp’s or mud mason’s nest
one day and we thought it would be interesting to
study it in detail. Perhaps some of you gentlemen
have seen them in your boyhood. The female builds? it,
412

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

a cell at a time. She fills each cell with small insects
like spiders and flies and even small caterpillars. Then
she lays one egg on the tops of these unfortunate vic-
tims of war. Sealing this cell, she builds another cell
on top of it. After a period of incubation the egg
hatches and the little worm finds itself on top of a
pile of nice food, alive and fresh. By the time it eats
all of this food it has grown large enough to fill the
cell with its body and eventually, after a metamor-
phosis, breaks through the wall and flies out, a wasp.”

AT this point he opened his bag and placed several
objects on the table.

  "I wanted to make all this very clear to you so I
brought some real nests and also a large cement model
of one. If you study this carefully, you will be able
to see just what happens. Is there anything I have
said so far that is not plain? Very well, then I will
go on.

  “When the female wasp prepares to fill a cell with
food for her future offspring she flies around till she
finds a fly or spider and after pouncing on it, she
stings it in the back of the neck, injecting into the
nervous system a minute drop of a poison that does
not kill but which suspends animation and renders the
victim unable to move. Life continues, but so slowly
that to the average observer it seems that the insect
is dead.

  “We had done about all we could do in the way of
research, so we decided to study the habits of this
wasp, and see if we could identify .and isolate the sub-
stance used in producing the paralysis of her victims.
We did not have any trouble in securing lots of ma-
terial, but the wasps were so small and the poison sack
so tiny that it was almost impossible to secure any of
the poison. Then Cline woke up one day over his stool
and proposed that we make the wasps larger. That
woke us all up. We built several hundred large wire
cages, prepared a new card index and started to breed
bigger and better wasps. It was all a matter of selec-
tion, first with wasps, then by cross breeding with
dragon flies and by feeding the later generations with
thyroid and irradiating them with radium, we finally
produced a species as large as a pigeon, with poison
sacks like walnuts. It gave us a thrill when one of
these came sailing in one day with a large toad to put
in a cell. The eggs were like robin eggs. We had
to be careful at first because they were real savage.

  “So we had all the poison we needed for our experi-
ments. We had a fair idea of what it would do to a
bird or an animal, but it was not till one accidentally
stung Cline that we realized the great importance of
it all. Cline was sitting on a stool looking at Miss
Heller and he didn’t realize that he was stung any
more than we did. The rest of us kept on working
till dark and then started in to dissolve our synthetic
tablets for supper and Cline just sat there looking at
where Miss Heller used to be but wasn’t. Gowers
was not usually jealous, but lie thought this was going
too far and he went over and told him so and then
we found that he was asleep. He stayed that way
for a month, during which time we kept a careful
record of his temperature, pulse and respiration. When
he awoke, we could not see that he was much worse
for the accident.

  “That gave us an idea. We tried it on rabbits. I
brought one with me that has been asleep a year. We
started all over again to see just what there was in
the poison that produced such an effect on the nervous
system. We finally tried to duplicate it in the test
tubes and after hundreds of failures, we succeeded in
making a preparation that was absolutely similar in

action to the insect's poison. It was easy then to
purify it, put it into smaller bulk, standardize the
dose. Now we are able to show you, in this hypoder-
mic syringe, five drops of a liquid drug which, when
injected into a human being of 150 pounds, will pro-
duce a deep coma lasting approximately one year.

  “From our experiments we feel that we are able to
say that during the period of this sleep a person so
treated will lie motionless. There will be practically
a total absence of all bodily activity. He will require
neither food nor drink. Extreme of temperature will
have no effect on his body. We have frozen rabbits in
cold storage, let them thaw, and when they recover
consciousness, they seem none the worse for the freez-
ing. Of course they cannot be heated to a very high
temperature. There seems to be a slight loss of weight
due to evaporation, but we have provided for this by
the injection of a small amount of sterile saline water,
about one pint every year. I hope that you have un-
derstood all this as far as I have gone.

  “We had done considerable work on the subject
before we fully realized just what could be done with
the discovery. I believe it was Mr. Gowers who first
called my attention to the matter. He had been read-
ing of the conflict in Congress between those who
wanted the insane killed and those who were opposed
to such a radical procedure. It seemed to him that
we had a compromise to offer that might be acceptable
to both parties. Our method would not kill the patient,
but at the same time it would place him in such a
state that his care would be reduced to a minimum.
Just as soon as we started to talk about it, Miss
Heller had a thousand suggestions to make and we
have most of them incorporated in a thousand page
report, but just now I will content myself by saying
that we have figured that the large cities like New
York, Chicago, Philadelphia, St. Louis, Detroit, New
Orleans, Denver, Seattle, San Francisco and Los An-
geles, have ample room space for all the insane that
need segregation and treatment. They do not have
to be put on beds and they can be placed side by side
in the rooms of the glass houses. These, as we know,
are vermin- and rat-proof. Once a year the medical
department of the Army can arrange to give each one
a hypodermic of the drug, diluted with a pint of nor-
mal saline solution. Just as soon as the fifty, eighty
or one hundred million people are thus cared for, the
energy of the sane, released from the terrific burden,
can be directed toward the rehabilitation of the nation.
A Board of Inquiry can serve in every state, and as
soon as a case of insanity is found to be hopeless, it
can be given a treatment and placed with the others.

  “Cline has been working on some statistics and some
of his conclusions have been very interesting. There
are two facts that we want to call your attention to.
In our state there are some people who live in wooden
houses. The windows are simply openings closed at
night with wooden shutters, None of the people living
in such circumstances, as far as we have been able
to find out, have become insane. The other fact is
that we have made a Simon-Binet examination of over
a thousand of our sane citizens and found out that
what we suspected was the truth; they were all very
superior adults as far as the intelligence tests were
concerned and they stayed sane no matter what kind
of houses they lived in. As a matter of fact, prac-
tically all we examined lived in glass houses. We
thought that all this might be more than a coinci-
dence and wanted to advise you to have similar studies
made all over the United States. There may be some-
thing in glass houses that makes people become insane
if they are not superior adults to begin with.
THE MENACE

413

  “We want to help all we can. I do not know that
we can do much more than we have done, but if you
want us to come to Washington and work here, we
will do it. You will find Gowers and Miss Heller
most valuable and even Cline says something every
month or so that is of great importance. Now if any
of you have questions to ask, I shall be glad to explain
any of the details. This rabbit is one of our experi-
mental animals, and I can put a cow in the same con-
dition if you wish me to.”

NATURALLY this long statement of Professor
Howen’s caused the greatest excitement. There
followed long interviews with the leading scientists of
the country. Experiments were made and remade.
Committees were appointed. The three co-workers of
the Professor were sent for and their separate stories
obtained. While there was some attempt at keeping
the details of the new idea a secret, still it was not
long before every person of intelligence in the United
States was talking about the plan proposed by the
Professor. The central committees sent for scientists
from every state, and when these men came to Wash-
ington and talked to the four experimenters from the
South, it did not take long for them to be converted.
The calm knowledge of the Professor, the scientific
ability of Gowers, the superior attainments of Miss
Heller and the profound silence of Cline, who simply
sat day after day without even thinking, impressed all
the investigators.

  After some months, the various committees reported.
There was nothing new in the glass that had been
used in the United States for the last twenty years.
It was just like the glass that had always been used.
There was practically no difference except in the quan-
tities that were used. The scientists finally came to
the conclusion that there was, in the sun’s rays, some
healthful property that was absolutely necessary to the
mental health of the human race. When men started
to live most of their lives with glass between them
and the sun, these rays were blocked, and absorbed
by the glass in such amounts, that men became insane
for the want of them. Pediatricians told of the health-
ful effect of sunlight in rickets, which effect was abso-
lutely absent when the sunlight was filtered through
window glass. The Senate called upon the Glass Trust
to see if by their help a kind of mental health glass
could not be made, but it was discovered that the
Glass Trust had gone out of business. This was not
surprising as in many of the countries industries had
stopped, partly from a lack of labor, partly because
there had been no expansion of business.

  The conclusions of Professor Howens and his three
co-workers were substantiated by examinations all over
the country. Where people lived an outdoor life with
a total absence of glass, there was practically no insan-
ity. Where they lived under glass, all but the superior
adults became insane. The work was carried on as
rapidly as possible, but when the final reports were
ready for consideration by Congress, there were four
insane to every sane person in the country.

  They accepted the recommendation of the investi-
gating committees. In fact, there was nothing else
to do. The Sleeping Bill was passed and signed by
the President in one week. Within another week Pro-
fessor Howens was in charge of the chemical resources
of the nation. With the help of Gowers and Miss
Heller he soon started production of the sleeping drug
on a large scale. Even Cline woke up for a few
months and organized and initiated a huge card index
which was to record every insane person in the
country.

  Work was rushed in every department of the under-
taking. The army and navy and public health service
were called in for co-operation. Finally everything was
ready for the transportation of the insane to the new
centers, the sleeping cities, where they were to enter
into their long rest. The day this work was started
it was estimated that there were one hundred and ten
million insane and one million sane people in the
States. Systematically they were brought to the great
cities, indexed, tagged, and given their dose of sleep-
drug. On their tag was written their final destination
and they were taken, sleeping, to their new homes and
laid in long rows in the glass houses.

  The work continued.

  There was no rest, no respite, no vacation.

  The order had gone forth that the work would stop
when it was completed.

  Gradually it was accomplished, and the exhausted
workers laid down their pens, card indexes, and hypo-
dermic needles.

  One hundred and ten million people were resting
quietly free from worry and the need for food. They
needed no nursing or care of any kind. Nothing more
would have to be done for one year, when each of them
would have to be given another dose. The primary dose
had been so graduated that every sleeper would need
his second dose on January first of the next year. It
was believed that sufficient workers could be trained in
the interval so the hundred and ten million doses could
be given in one day.

  The sane nation relaxed, but only for a short time.
There was work to be done, far more than even a mil-
lion superior adults could hope to accomplish. New
homes must be provided. The children of the insane,
deprived of their parents, must be cared for and reared
to healthy adult life. An entirely different system of
economics was necessary to promote the healthy in-
dustrial growth of the nation.

  Meantime the world looked on, waiting to see if the
late giant in the league of nations would die or sur-
vive. A few nations offered their sympathetic help,
but as a rule the world looked on in apathy and indif-
ference.

  The million superior adults rose to the emergency
and were equal to it. They showed mankind, once and
for all, that a superior adult is worth ten ordinary
adults, a hundred inferior adults, a thousand morons, a
million imbeciles. No longer held down by the neces-
sity of caring for the inferiors of the nation, the mil-
lion real men and women worked wonders in a few
years. Machinery, electricity, the atom were used as
never before. Mankind no longer depended on its
muscle but on its mind. In the United States a race
of SUPERMEN was developing.

  Every year, on the first of January an army of
workers invaded the cities of the peaceful sleepers and
gave them their annual dose of somnifacient medicine.
Then for the rest of the year they were forgotten, save
by the watchmen who made their silent rounds. Free
from damp and vermin, undisturbed by any sound, the
sleepers slept.

  Occasionally new cases of insanity developed even
among the superior adults, but the Nation had learned
the lesson and such cases were put to sleep at once.
The prisons also were closed. It was as easy to give
the drug to a criminal as it was to give it to a case
of insanity. It is interesting to note at this point
that crime rapidly diminished to the vanishing point.
The hardened breaker of law, undeterred by the death
penalty, was horror stricken at the idea of centuries of
suspended animation. The criminal code became more
414

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

and more simple, until finally it was reduced to a
single sentence:

Those rvho are harmful to the public welfare must

  sleep.

  Five years passed and then ten.

  The sleeping treatment of insanity had saved the
nation which was once again becoming great.

  Professor Howens, rewarded with the highest honors
a nation could bestow, was working intermittently in
his Washington home, endeavoring to find some prac-
tical use for the cockroach. His three assistants, finan-
cially independent for life, were touring the world, fully
determined to marry each other if they could only
agree on the details. Cline declared that he could not
live without looking at Miss Heller a certain number of
hours a day, and Gowers emphatically said that under
no circumstances would he marry a woman who kept
another man alive in such a ridiculous manner. The
woman in question told them both that she would
never marry any man, unless he could excell her in
making a paraffin section. The outcome of this triple
argument was that the three of them lived together as
happily as most people do.

ON a desert island in the Pacific ocean four men and
a woman, all nearing seventy, were engaged in an
active discussion. The years had touched them lightly
and they looked much younger than they really were.
That is, all except the woman. She was black and
looked old.

  They were listening with interest to the report made
by the youngest of the party, the neuro-psychiatrist,
Dr. Flandings.

  'Tt was an interesting trip,” he said. “You tannot
urfflerstand-how close we came to succeeding in our at-
tempt to kill a nation, unless you travel through it as
it is today. Approximately a million and a quarter
people are living in a country, that a few years ago
supported nearly a hundred times that population.
They are living comfortably, mainly in little country
towns. The degree of education they possess has never
been equaled in the history of the world. They have
their university education for every young person.
Culture and refinement are free. There seems to be
a very slight difference between the rich and the
poor. In fact, it is hard to tell just who the rich are
and who the poor.

  “Thanks to my wonderful letters of introduction I
was permitted to visit one of their sleeping cities.
New York has fifteen million sleepers where formerly
ten million go-getters ruled the world. The streets are
clean and silent. In the office buildings these people
lie in serried rows. Each is tagged and card indexed.
Once a year they receive a fresh dose of the quieting
drug. Their hearts may beat, they may breathe, the
blood may flow through their vascular systems, but
these things can only be detected by instruments of
the greatest precision. All that can be said of them is
that they are not dead.

  “When I told you, years ago, that insanity would
increase in a country in proportion to the amount of
glass used, I was stating a hypothesis that turned out
to be axiomatically true. All we did was to invent new
processes whereby glass could be made very cheaply
and educate the Glass Trust in new methods of ad-
vertising. The plan seemed fool proof. All we had
to do was to sit and wait for the nation to go insane.
It nearly did. In fact, I believe that every person in
the United States who could become insane did so.
Even the sane ones would have tottered and fallen
under the burden had it not been for the process
invented by that Southern Professor. You remember

that we considered the possibility of the fact that ttiei
sane ones might kill the insane ones to be rid of
them, but none of us ever conceived of their solving
the problem in the way they did solve it.

  “Just what did we accomplish?

  “We took a nation which contained every possible
form of degeneracy, feeble-mindedness, criminality and
potential insanity and we purified it. We were the
direct cause of their being able to produce a race of
superior adults. Not only that, but we were the in-
direct cause of their being able to keep it so. Now,
every criminal, every psychiatric case, even every per-
son who contracts syphilis is at once put to sleep.
They have a country free from crime, social diseases
and nervousness. It did not take long for the men-
tally twisted of the world to learn to stay out of a
country like that. The rest of the world is degener-
ating as fast as it can, but in the United States every
force is one of uplift, and righteousness.

  “And we did it. We wanted to have our revenge and
we did it.

  “And because of what we did, it is a better, bigger
country today than it ever was."

  “But what really became of our race?” asked George,
who had once been called Count Sebastian.

  “That was one of the interesting things they did.
Every negro was examined. If he proved to be feeble-
minded or diseased in any way, they put him to sleep.
Those who were healthy were each given a thousand
dollars and sent over to Liberia. At the present time
there is not one negro in the States except those who
are sleeping.”

  “I suppose they have them segregated, by them-
selves?” asked Marcus.

  “Yes, I believe so.”

  “We are just where we were when we started!” ex-
claimed Dr. Semon.

  The old woman, Ebony Kate, laughed:

  “No! We are worse off .than when we started. We
have tried four times and four times we have failed.”

  “Tell me this, Dr. Flandings,” asked George. “Did
you find anyone who blamed us, THE POWERFUL
ONES, for what happened?"

  “As far as I was able to find out,” was the answer,
“no one ever connected us with the wave of insanity. I
even talked with some of the men who had been at
the head of the Glass Trust and they were equally in
the dark as to the part we had played.”

  Then George smiled, a bitter, crooked smile, as he
whispered:

  “If they have forgotten us, then we are all ready
for the final blow. You three men, Marcus, Semon
and Flandings go there, and by the sheer force of
your intellect, secure positions in their central labora-
tories. It will be an easy thing for you to advance
to positions of trust. Work on till you have charge
of the making of this sleeping drug. Then find a pow-
erful exciting drug to take its place, something that
will make a maniac out of a marble statue. Arrange
matters so that on the first of January each one of
the sleepers will be given a dose of this mania-produc-
ing drug instead of the sleep medicine. Imagine the
results! What can a million persons, no matter how
intelligent, do in conflict with a hundred and ten mil-
lion wild maniacs? Before they have time to realize
what has happened, they will be torn to pieces and the
country will be a desolate waste inhabited by millions
of hungry, crazed fools and criminals. We will fly
over the country in an aeroplane and watch it die! It
will be our crowning triumph.”

  The three listeners ran over and hugged him in their
joy.
THE MENACE

415

  "No one but you, George, would have thought of it!”
exclaimed Marcus.

  The old dame removed her pipe:

  “Don’t do it, boys!” she advised. “We have been
defeated every time and by such a narrow margin that
it makes me believe there is a God after all. We are
all rich enough to live comfortably for the rest of our
lives. They have forgotten us. Let them alone and
let us live in peace. No good will come of it.”

  The four men looked at her in pity, as Dr. Semon
said:

  “Poor Ebony Kate is certainly growing senile.”

  That worried the colored woman. She had failed to
gain an. education in her youth and though she had
associated with these men all her life, still they had
an unpleasant habit of using words she did not under-
stand. What did it mean for a person to grow senile?
There was no one to ask on the island; the servants
were all illiterate. Anyway she could remember the
word.

  At the last moment, Count Sebastian decided to
make the trip to the United States with the other three
men. They left secretly and silently one night and
when Ebony Kate awoke they were gone, and she was
alone on the island with a dozen servants. That did
not worry her as she was so greatly feared, that her
life was an easy one. What bothered her was the
word senile.

A YEAR passed and then another and yet a third.
It was the first week of December when a steam-
er came near the island. The black woman at once
recognized it as a strange ship. In the history of
the island, this was the first time such a thing had
happened. Shrugging her shoulders, she pretended in-
difference, gave a few rapid orders to the servants and
walked down to the beach. Through the quiet waters
of the lagoon a row boat was slowly approaching the
shore. There were several men dressed in uniform,
and one little old man in tropical linens.

  The officers remained with the sailors but the little
old man started to walk up the beach toward the black
woman. They peered at each other. Suddenly the man
said:

  “I believe you are Ebony Kate?”

  “I sure am-and are youse Master Taine?”

  “Yes. That is my name. Well, Kate, we are some
older than we were the last time we met. A good deal
of water has gone over the mill dam since then. I
never did think I would find you, but here you are.
Can you take care of my friends and myself for a day
or so? We shall want some fresh water and some
fruit.”

  They walked back to the boat and Kate was intro-
duced to the officers as Madam Octavia, formerly of
Indo-China. Then they all went to the main bungalow.
Taine and the officers all kept one hand in a pocket
on a gun, but their caution was unnecessary. Taine,
however, was uneasy.

  “Where are your friends, Madam?”

  "They are gone.”

  "I trust they are not dead.”

  "Ah! No. Not dead, Sir, but just away.”

  It was interesting to note that she was now talking
in the best of English. Taine looked at her, wonder-
ing just what she really meant.

  “So they are away? How well I remember the old
times. There were Count Sebastian and Marcus and
the clever physician, Dr. Semon. We were young then,
Madam. I was living in San Francisco and every once
in a while your friends made it necessary for me to
travel. Life is different now in the United States.

You would not recognize it. The changes in the last
thirty years have been wonderful.”

  “And your wife and children, are they well?”

  “They were the last time I saw them. That was a

year ago. We have been cruising in the Pacific-

for my health. I was beginning to grow old, Madam,
and my wife insisted that I consult a Doctor, and he
said that there was nothing wrong with me except that
I had lost interest in life. He said that when a man
had solved all of his problems and solved all his diffi-
culties, he grew old. Then he said that what I needed
was some excitement and advised me to go back on
the Secret Service. I talked it over with Mrs. Taine
and she suggested that I finish up my work of some
thirty years ago and arrest or kill THE POWERFUL
ONES. Her idea was that so long as they were alive,
nobody in the United States would be really safe, and
just because we had not heard from them for so long,
was no sign that they were dead or harmless.

  “I thought there was something in what she said,
so I went to Washington. Almost everybody that I
knew there was dead. As far as New York City was
concerned, that was just a place where millions of
sleepers were resting. The new city was upon the
Hudson. I went there but all of my former friends
were gone, a few were insane and the rest dead. So I
thought it all over and decided to see the President
of the United States. I told him the history of THE
POWERFUL ONES from the very beginning and
ended by accusing them of the wave of insanity that
had so nearly destroyed the nation. We had a hard
time finding all the old documents but I finally proved
every part of my story. Then I asked him for help
in locating those men, provided they were still alive,
and I guessed that they would be somewhere in the
Pacific. He believed me enough to finance the search
and I have been scouring the ocean for an unknown
island. I heard rumors of such a place ruled over by
an old-fashioned Princess and here you are and here
I am.”

  “And the rest are not here,” said Ebony Kate.

. That was all she would say. The next day she was
equally non-committal. Taine had an idea that the
men he was hunting were hiding on the island, but
to find them seemed rather hopeless. Meantime the
steamer was supplied with water and fruit and a dozen
live pigs.

  On the third night, after supper, Taine announced
his intention of remaining ashore instead of returning
to the ship with the officers. The night was calm.
Ebony Kate sat on the gallery fanning herself. Taine
sat watching her. Suddenly she stopped rocking and
said:

  "Mr. Taine, what is senile? If you say that a per-
son is growing senile, what do you mean?”

  “It means that you are growing old, the skin
wrinkles, the hair becomes white, your teeth fall out,
your memory becomes poor. You become a withered,
silly old hag.”

  “Would you call me senile?”

  “No, indeed! You do not look a day over fifty.
In fact, I thought that you were very well preserved.
Of course you must be old but I never would call you
senile.”

  “That is kind of you to say it that way, Mr. Taine.”
  “Just telling the truth, Kate.”

  “I believe you. I wish I could make up my mind
to talk to you.”

  The wind was beginning to moan in the palm trees.
In spite of the breeze, it seemed to be growing much
warmer, almost hot. Taine wondered if it were going
to rain.
416

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

  "Go ahead and talk, if you want to, Kate,” he said.

  “I believe I will. You knew me when I was on the
Barbary Coast in Frisco. I was keeping George then.
He would have starved many a day but for my help.
I often gave Marcus money and as for Dr. Semon,
there was a time when he begged me to marry him.
In the early days of the adventure, I was the only
one who was on Easy Street. Of course when they
started to make the gold, I shared in their good times,
but at the same time I was of great help to them. I
held the group together and got all the Southern nig-
gers to join us by my voodoo stuff. I was always true
to them, and you know there were times when I could
have made my pile by giving them away to the Gov-
ernment. They lived an easy life and they were white
so long that I guess they forgot they were just black
folks like I was. We have been on the island a long
time: they used to make trips and they never did ask
me to go. Guess they were ashamed of having a black
woman with them.

  "They were back of that insanity stuff. Dr. Fland-
ings gave them the idea and they put it through the
Glass Trust without arousing any suspicion. They
failed—but they came close to' succeeding. Perhaps
you might have found out about it, but you never had
a chance to even get started. When they found out
how close they had come to success and yet how much
better things were because of their work, they were dis-
couraged. Flandings made a special trip all through
the States and when he came back three years ago he
said that life was happier and healthier there than it
ever was before, and that they had gotten rid of all
of our race. It was a white country for white people.

That made them all feel sick, and then-my! But

the wind is coming up.”

  “Don’t mind that—go on with your story,” urged
Taine.

  “They decided to do something else- and I told

them not to- I thought they had better stop while

the stopping was good-and Dr. Semon-lie used

to say that he loved me- he says to George, ‘Poor

old Kate is growing senile.’ That’s what he said, and
then they went ahead with their plans and one night
they all left, and that was three years ago and I have
not seen them since.”

  “But what did they plan to do?” demanded Taine.

  "I hain’t no call to tell you all, but I’se gwine ter
do it.” In her excitement the negress had lapsed into
her dialect. “They reckon ter git hold of the place
where the sleeping medicine is made and make some-
thing that will make all those loony folk go wild. They
reckon the loonies will tear everything wide open and
kill all the rest er the folk that ain’t crazy. I hain’t
no call to tell you—but Semon hadn’t ought to call me
that mean name!”

<<T)Y the Seven Sacred Caterpillars!!” swore Taine,

  -Djumping to his feet. "If they succeed in doing
that the country will be sure enough wrecked. They
give that medicine on the first of every January. That
gives us twenty days. We will broadcast the warning
at once from the ship. It is too late for us to get
to San Francisco in time. Get some of the servants
to row me out to the steamer and-”

  He did not finish his sentence, for just at that last
word the storm broke. It was more of a tornado
than a storm and more of a typhoon than a tornado.
It caught the steamer and carried it to the coast of
Australia, a sorry wreck, with over half of the crew
lost. It carried away every house on the island and
every one of the servants. It rushed in a diabolical
fury over the island for half an hour, and then there

came a death-like quiet. The full moon shone over the
wreckage and saw two people unconscious under the
timbers of the largest house—a white man and a
black woman.

  Ebony Kate and Taine did not die though they were
rather sore and miserable for a few days. They could
do nothing but make the best of things and they pro-
ceeded to do so. They fixed a roof over a part of the
ruins, gathered together what food supplies they could
find, and then settled down to housekeeping, with Taine
as the master and Ebony Kate as cook.

  Taine was miserable. Had it not been for his firm
belief in predestination, he would have been much more
depressed than he was. While not possessed of all
the details, he was confident that on the first of Janu-
ary one hundred and fifteen million raving maniacs
would be turned loose in his beloved country, all the
more desperate and depraved because of their long
sleep. He was sure that it was going to happen and
there was nothing he could do to prevent it. In the
meantime, he salvaged a revolver and some ammunition
from the wreckage and practiced target shooting. He
told Kate what he intended to do. On her knees, she
begged him not to:

  “You are a Christian man, Mr. Taine. Please don’t
go to your God with blood on yer hands.”

  But Taine only laughed at her:

  “Just like shooting so many rats, Kate. Those white
niggers have been the ruin of my country and the
pest of my life. I do not want them to think that
they have raised all this Hell and will not be punished
for it. I am going to hide when they come, and wait
till they start their bragging, and then I am going to
walk out and kill them—one, two, three, four, just
like I hit those cocoa nuts, and then you and I will
wait our chance and go back home.”

  Nothing she could say had any effect on him.
January came and almost went. In fact, it was on
the last day of January that a ship appeared on the
horizon, came nearer, unloaded four men and several
cases of goods and then sailed away. The four men
proved to be George, Marcus and the two Doctors.
They looked just about the same as when they left,
perhaps a little older, but a thousand times happier.
In fact, they were exuberant with joy as they greeted
Ebony Kate.

  “We got them this time, Kate. We certainly did,”
said George.

  “Wait till supper time and then we will open some
of the champagne, and you can tell me all about it.”
They were a little worried about the damage done
to the island and pitied the black woman on account
of her months of loneliness. They promised to take her
to Paris in a few months. The ship was going to stop
for them on the return trip and from now on they
were going to take life easy. She told them to put
their things away and get ready for the supper. They
knocked the top off one of the crates and filled her
apron with canned goods, caviar, lobster and salad
dressing.

  At five that evening the five of them sat down to the
supper. They were all in good spirits and the men,
after a few glasses of champagne, all wanted to talk
at once. Finally Ebony Kate said:

  “Keep quiet. I’s wanting to know what happened
and you all talk so’s I can’t understand head or tail
of it. George, you tell it, you’se got the bestest words.”
“It was like this,” said George, “we went to France
and then across to the States. Didn’t take long to show
them that we knew our stuff and we got government
jobs. We worked toward the laboratory end of it and
somehow the men above us were always getting sick—
THE MENACE

417

that was good stuff you made for us, Kate; it didn’t
make them suspicious; just made them want a long
vacation—and every time one of them went away one
of us was promoted. The beginning of last year we
were just about in charge of the manufacturing and
distribution end of the game, so we started in earnest
and without their knowing a thing about it, we made
about one hundred and twenty million doses of some-
thing that was just about dynamite. It looked like
the sleeping drug, and it had the same chemical reac-
tions, but it was certainly different in its effect. The
last week we secretly destroyed all the records and
formulae and a lot of the most delicate machinery.
Then we rushed over to Vancouver and waited. On
the second of January, we got absolutely correct reports
from Seattle, one of the sleeping cities. One of the
watchmen stood it as long as he could and then beat it
to Canada. The radio sent the Canadian papers lots
of detail. Every sleeping imbecile was just awake
and raising unadulterated Hell of every description.
We knew it wasn’t any use to stay and since we were
through, we were naturally anxious to get our things
from the island and go to Paris for the rest of our
lives. We won, Kate! Of course we cannot tell you
every detail but it stands to reason that one million
sane people couldn’t do much against over one hundred
and fifteen maniacs. It took us over forty years to
wreck that nation but we did it—and it is going to
stay wrecked.”

  "So you all’s gwine ter go ter Paris?”

  "Yes, just as soon as we can.”

  “Gwine ter take me with yer?”

  “Well, now, Kate, you see it’s this way. You have
a good home here and we will always take care of you
and see that you do not want for anything. But at
your age you had better stay here and take things
easy.”

  "Think I am too old?”

  “It’s like this, Kate,” said Dr. Semon. “You have
been here so long, that it is just like home here and
you would not be happy anywhere else.”

  The black woman looked at the four white men at
the table with her. She knew that they were really
black—in more ways than one—she thought of that
white man who was really white waiting to kill them—
he had always treated her like a black woman, but

then he had always been kind to her- So she said:

  “Suppose we end the supper with a drink of
brandy?”

  She served it to them, and then Marcus proposed a
toast:

  “To our friends, the whites of the United States, in
Paradise, and may we never meet!”

  They drank it standing, and then they all sat down.
  Taine walked into the room.

  They looked at him rather stupidly.

  “Stand up and fight,” he commanded. “I am here
to kill you all, but I want to give you a chance. Pull
out your guns and we will start shooting.”

  “Don’t shoot them, Master Taine,” whispered Kate.
“Wait a little.”

  Taine had them covered with his revolver suspect-
ing treachery of some kind but the four men simply
grew quieter and yet more quiet, seated in their rattan
chairs.

  And finally the white man realized that they were
dead.

  Ebony Kate was sobbing hysterically.

  Tsine thought about it for some hours before he
understood.

IN the course of some weeks, the steamer came back
to the island. Taine made arrangements to have all

the natives carried to the nearest populated island. He
engaged passage for himself to British Columbia. He
kept himself as busy as he could, to keep his mind
steady. He felt young and there was no doubt that
the Doctor had been right in advising him to go back
to work, but at the same time he was more than wor-
ried about his family and his nation. He knew that
he could not rest easy till he learned what had really
happened.

  It was not until they had dropped the natives and
started in earnest for the long voyage across the
Pacific that it was discovered that Ebony Kate was on
board.

  “I just couldn’t leave you, Master Taine,” she said.
“There’s no telling what you will find in the States, and
you may need some one to cook for you. Even if your
wife and children are all right, it will be handy to
have me around to help with the work.”

  Taine couldn’t do anything except to tell her that
she might come.

  Somehow he thought of the little black puppy.

  He wanted to get word from the States but the
radio on the steamer was out of order, so nothing
could be learned until the ship reached Honolulu.
Everything seemed as usual there. Taine rushed to
the Governor’s mansion and presented his letters of
introduction.

  “We thought you were dead, Mr. Taine,” said that
gentleman. "Your steamer ended upon the Australian
coast, but all their charts were lost, and we had no
means of locating you without a persistent search. I
have two ships out now looking for you. Tell me all
about it? Did you find your men?”

  “I’ll tell you after you tell me. I cannot wait a
minute longer. Tell me what happened in the States?”
“You mean you haven’t heard?”

  “Not a word. Radio out of order. I knew they had
a bad time but what really happened?”

  “Make yourself comfortable, and I’ll tell you,” said
the Governor. “On the first of January they gave the
doses of sleeping medicine as usual and I think they
gave about one hundred and seventeen million doses.

It seems that they had more workers than usual and
the entire work was finished by night. On the morning
of the second, wireless messages came into Washing-
ton from every sleeping city that the sleepers were
awake. When the central authorities went to the
laboratories for advice they found the heads of the de-
partments gone, the records destroyed and the com-
plicated machinery wrecked. It was only then that
they began to realize what had happened. Immediately
word was sent to every sane community to have the
people congregate and prepare to defend themselves.

It was not necessary to warn the watchmen to flee for
their lives: they were all frightened, as none of them
had ever seen an insane person awake.

  “For three days there was the most intense prepara-
tion in our living cities. Provisions were gathered,
barbed wire fences put up and charged with electricity,
the men were organized into companies and put on
guard duty. By the end of the third day nothing hap-
pened, and the Government sent scouting planes over
the cities to see what was going on. They reported
that the cities seemed quite normal. Then the Govern-
ment called for volunteers to go to New York City.
There had been fifteen million sleepers there and they
considered that what had taken place there, had taken
place in every one of the sleeping cities. They decided
on sending just five men: thought that a few would
attract less attention from the insane than a crowd
would.

  “The account we received from the Government went
               (iContinued, on -page 481)	<■
TEN DAYS TO LIVE

  Hy C.J. Eustace

ILLIERS and I sat on the edge of the cliff
and discussed our friend Eden, at whose
house we were staying. Before the dawn on
that eventful May morning no sound could
be heard but the mellow murmuring of the
ocean. Occasionally a soft breeze would rustle through
the rose-bushes and flower-beds of the garden, and
once in a while the grass would whisper as the wind
from the sea caressed it.

  “Of course, Eden’s theory is all right as an idea,"
I remarked, “But the question is—can he do it? And
if he can—will it have the effect which he claims?”

  “There is nothing like hope, my dear Gaspard,” Vil-
liers replied with his sardonic smirk, “You are always
impressing on me the value of that doubtful com-
modity.”

  “A beast, this Villiers,” I said to myself. He was
a man to be avoided ... a misanthrope, an icono-
clast, a blasphemer. A
man without a soul. And
yet, lives there a soul-
less man? Nevertheless,
he was a cold, calculating
machine of a man, with a
whiplike tongue. I flat-
ter myself that I am the
only man for whom Vil-
liers ever had any regard.

And I liked Villiers, too
—in a sort of way. He
was honest and he was
courageous. Only once
have I ever seen Villiers
frightened; he was badly
frightened then.

  “We’ll go in and see
Eden now,” I said, and
rising, we made our way
together towards the big,
silent house up the road.

  Villiers smiled with his
bitterly ironical smile,
and little he knew it, but
it was a dead man’s smile.

The whole great world, so
cold and friendless to the
oppressed, so roseate-hued
to the young, so mellowed
and sometimes cruel to
the old, was rushing to-
wards its appointed des-
tiny. The incubus of a
great catastrophe was
upon us all.

  We had breakfast in
Eden’s big dining-room. Phillipa, Eden’s sister,
presided over the coffee-pot. I sat on one side of her,
and, like the young fool I was, drank in her beauty
avidly. Eden, pale and shrunken with the strain
of his researches, with wild visionary eyes, faced
me. He had been working all night in his la-
boratory. The result of his experiments was to be
•’nnounced that morning. His face was ashen-pale,

and a cold dew stood out on his forehead. The
knuckles of his hands were white. Rings of blue
were tinged about his eyes. It was his heart, I knew,
and I feared for my friend Eden’s life. He was a
very sick man.

  He devoured his breakfast as though he was fam-
ished, and when he had finished, he leaned back in
his chair, fumbling for a match to light his eternal
cigarette. We all watched him anxiously, but with
the first puff he was himself again. He smiled crook-
edly at us.

   “Well, my friends, Gaspard and Villiers,” he began,
“I have succeeded. I am going to perform an experi-
ment which will revolutionize the history of the
world.”

  He choked suddenly, and we rose to our feet. We
could hear the rattle of his breath in his throat. He
made a rapid motion with his hand to Phillipa.

                            “Quick — the brandy!”
                          he cried.

                            She ran from her seat
                          at the table and poured
                          him out a stiff peg, which
                          he took neat. A tinge of
                          color returned to his pal-
                          lid cheeks. Villiers and I
                          sank back in our chairs
                          again.

                            “I am all right now,”
                          he assured us, “but I
                          don’t know how long I’m
                          going to last. Therefore I
                          am about to take you two
                          into my confidence. You,
                          Gaspard—-take my arm.
                          Villiers, my friend, you
                          will close and lock the
                          dining-room door from
                          the outside.”

                                I caught Phillipa’s eye,
                             and it pleaded with me. I
                             took Eden’s arm.

                            “What about your sis-
                          ter?” I asked.

                            “Phillipa must remain
                          where she is,” he replied
                          grimly. “Villiers will lock
                          her in the dining-room
                          until we return.”

                                “Is that safe with Gree-
                             ly about the village?” I
                             protested.

                             Eden gave me one look.
                           “It is because of Gree-
                           ly,” he said.

  I gave him my arm to lean on, and together we
half led him from the room. Behind me Villiers
turned, bowing to Phillipa, gently closing the door,
and turning the key in the lock from the outside.
The three of us were alone in the spacious hall.

WE followed Eden down the hallway to a door at
     the far end. This door led to his laboratory,

 'TIEN man tampers with the forces of na-
 ture, something is always likely to happen,
 and most of the time something does hap-
 pen. Our new author presents an enthralling
 story of titanic forces let loose by the cun-
 ning of man, which almost brought the
 world to an end.

    As yet we know little more than nothing
 about the titanic forces let loose when we
 begin to disintegrate matter. We know that
 every particle of matter contains titanic
 forces compared to which the highest ex-
 plosives are mere toys. Some day, these
 forces will be let loose, unless conquered by
 man. If not, we stand a good chance that
 the world will be blown up, and explode;
 just as certain stars are exploding right
 along, probably due to some atomic forces.

    Today, we handle ordinary matter exact-
 ly as savages would handle dynamite. The
 aborigine will not be harmed by a stick of
 dynamite. He can play with it, kick it
 around, hammer it all he wants to, and noth-
 ing will happen. The reason is that he has
 no detonator to explode it, no key to unlock
 its energy. The same is trice of ordinary
 matter. The five cent piece in your pocket,
 an ordinary pebble, a glass of water, all con-
 tain forces which are titanic and sufficient
 to keep the entire machinery of the world
 running for weeks at a time. Yet, we have
 no key to unlock this energy.

    The present story brings this home more
 vividly, and all we can say is that we hope
 that the liberation of energy never comes
 about in the manner described in this story^

418
TEN DAYS TO LIVE

419

Four silver knobs, very like radio valves in appearance, protruded from the top of it. A circular framework of wires stood out from the top of
these knobs, and the middle of this framework was a silvered concave plate, In general appearance and form like an ordinary glass mirror.
420

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

and no servant was ever allowed to pass its portals.
Eden alone had the key to the door, and this he in-
serted in the lock and admitted us to a black cavity
which yawned into space. On coming closer to the
door, I saw that a flight of stone steps gaped before
us, leading down and seeming to beckon into the
darkness of a cellar beneath. Eden loosened himself
from my arm.

  "I am going before you to turn on the lights,” he
said.

  We could hear his echoing footsteps descending into
the void below. Presently there came the click of
an electric switch, and the place became flooded with
light.

  “You go first, Villiers,” I whispered to my com-
panion, partly because I had a nasty presentiment of
something unusual about to happen. “I’ll shut the
door after me.”

  At the bottom of the steps we found ourselves in
a stone passageway illuminated by a single powerful
electric bulb. Eden led the way up to another door,
and, flinging this open, bade us enter.

  A vast cave within stretched before us. Rock
walls rose on all sides and towered to the ceiling.
The floor was a natural bed of sand. The ceiling
rose over us like a dome, and at the top there was
a vent about six feet square through which the morn-
ing sun poured its blinding rays. It was evident
that the cave had once been under water, for the
floor was littered with small sea shells. The open-
ing in the ceiling was a hole in the solid wall of
cliff, which from the sea shore seemed to rise un-
broken from the beach. I could glimpse a little
panorama of sky through the vent.

  But it was neither the room, nor yet the rays of
the sun, nor yet the panorama of sky which rivetted
our attention. For in the centre of the sandy floor
stood a small, box-like machine, and it was upon this
contraption that our keenest interest was bent.

  Four silver knobs, very like radio valves in appear-
ance, protruded from the top of it. A circular frame-
work of wires stood out from the top of these knobs,
and in the middle of this framework was a silvered
concave plate, in general appearance and form like
an ordinary glass mirror.

  Eden approached the machine eagerly. He watched
our faces with frenzied eyes, as if he would gouge
out our very thoughts. Then he spoke.

  “This, my friends,” he whispered, and his whisper
was sibilant with suppressed eagerness,” this little
machine is the result of all my years of investigation.
I have accomplished in this little machine what men
have been seeking to discover since the dawn of time.
This knob here,” he touched a small handle at the
side of the apparatus, "will set this circular wire
framework in motion. As soon as it begins to re-
volve, this large silver bar begins to disintegrate
and in so doing a stupendous power will be projected
towards the sun.”

  He paused. We both stared at him instinctively,
wondering what he was going to disclose.

  “But what will the thing do?” Villiers interjected
in his deliberate way.

  “What will it do?” repeated Eden. “It will gen-
erate heat. You both know that this earth is of spheri-
cal shape, and that it revolves around the sun in
about three hundred and sixty-five days and six hours
—what we call a year. At the same time that we
revolve around the sun, we also turn on our own axis
—once in every twenty-four hours. The only reason
which prevents us from whirling aimlessly through
space is the gravitational or pulling-power of the sun.

The earth is constantly trying to pull away from the
sun, but the same pulling-power of the sun will not
allow us to get any further from the radius of our
orbit than a certain number of miles. We reckon
this distance at about ninety millions of miles.”

  Villiers and I both nodded. We were absorbed.
This was Eden in his most enchanting vein, disclos-
ing the mysteries of science to us. Eden had dropped
his voice mysteriously, as if his next words were to
be of vast import, as indeed they were.

  “What would happen, do you think, if that dis-
tance between the sun and ourselves were decreased?”

  He glared at us madly. The silence of that cave
was tangible. I felt like shouting, crying—anything
to break that awful silence. Villiers was the first to
grasp the significance of Eden's words.

  “My God, do you mean—” he gasped hoarsely, "do
you mean to swing the earth off its orbit?”

  "Ah, thank God you have grasped it!” said Eden,
and even as I gazed at him in horror, I realized that
research had turned his brain, and that we were in
the presence of a madman. “Yes, I shall swing the
earth off its orbit. By means of my indirected beam—
disintegration waves, and of a process embodied in
this little machine, by which it can send waves con-
stantly towards the sun even after it has set, just as
radio waves are hurled through the ether, I intend to
bring this earth several million miles nearer the
sun.

  "As soon as I set this framework in motion our
atmosphere will at once begin to become warmer. Our
climate will become more bracing, more rarefied. A
luxurious vegetation will grow up everywhere. The
evolution of every man, woman and child in the world
will be affected. It will alter the ways of what we have
come to know as nature. It may even change the
length of our days and nights. It will certainly
shorten our years. We shall feel yeai-s younger. Our
frames will become electrified in the buoyancy of a
new atmosphere.”

VILLIERS and I gazed at each other fearfully.
Eden, for all his madness, was not a man to make
statements at random. Although we could not credit
what he had just told us, it was quite probable that
the machine might produce some extraordinary at-
mospheric change over the earth, and it was our
duty, as sane men, to discover the power of the
mechanism, and how dangerous it was.

  “Of course it may take people several years to be-
come accustomed to the atmospheric changes,” went
on Eden, “But afterwards—afterwards mankind will
realize what a great boon I shall have conferred upon
humanity.”

  “But what are you going to do?” I gasped in
amazement, “How are you going to accomplish this
thing?”

  He held up his hand for silence. He might have
been addressing a mass-multitude of the nations of
the earth, so impressive was his mein.

  “Gaspard and Villiers, my friends,” he said solemnly,
"when I turn this lever with this key, the frame-
work will begin to revolve. From that moment on
there is danger. If this machine is not controlled,
it might mean that our proximity to the sun would
decrease to such an alarming extent that we should
be absorbed in an all-pervading conflagration. I can
only conjecture as to .the proper moment when the
machine must be stopped. Once we are swung off our
orbit, gravity may do anything to us. We scientists
must take risks—and I am willing to take this risk
which I believe is negligible. But, my friends,” and
TEN DAYS TO LIVE

421

here he dropped his voice to the merest whisper, “this
is where I am going to put my trust in you."

  He stared at us both wildly, as if challenging us to
contradict the plausibility of his statements. But we
were both silent, and I think that even sardonic Vil-
liers was awed by the magnitude of the conception.

  “This man Greely, Gaspard, whom you mentioned
just now,” he dropped his voice again, and looked
about him carefully, as if he expected to find lurking
figures in the shadows of the cave, “he is a common
working-man. He is a madman and a degenerate.
He has tried to attack me several times while I was
working here. He has a delusion that I am planning
to kill him. Absurd—if you wish, but it is his
delusion. And it is in my defence, my dear friends,
that I wish you both to take a part. In case anything
happens to me, I wish you to smash this machine
before it is too late.”

  "But what do you mean by ‘before it is too late?’”
Villiers inquired. And I could tell by the steely glint
in his usually lustreless eyes, that he was impressed.

  "After five days it will be dangerous to let the
machine run,” Eden explained. “By that time I an-
ticipate that we shall be near enough to the sun to
feel some palpable atmospheric change.”

  Villiers and I glanced at each other again. It was
quite clear that our dear friend Eden’s mind had
completely gone. He was advancing upon us now
with book in hand.

  "Swear before me in God’s name that you will destroy
this machine if I am not here to look after it myself,”
he commanded.

  For a moment we hesitated, but then, perceiving
that no harm, at any rate, could come from taking
such a meaningless oath, we each swore solemnly.

  After this little ceremony was over, Eden stooped
quickly over the machine and touched the small handle
at the side. In a flash the framework began to re-
volve. Faster and faster it went, and as it re-
volved, a soft humming sound, like the droning of a
giant bee, could be heard. After he had demonstrated
to us how easily the machine could be started, he
switched it off, and beckoned us back out of the
laboratory and into the house above.

  No sooner had we emerged from the cellar, into
the hallway again, than we were startled by the
sound of a frantic scream coming from the direction
of the dining-room. Instinctively we rushed forward,
for the voice had been Phillipa’s and from the sound
of it we could all tell that she was terribly frightened.

CHAPTER II

VILLIERS was the first to enter the room, and I
heard him swear under his breath. When Eden
and I followed close behind him, a peculiar spec-
tacle met our gaze.

  Phillipa was cringing back against the wall, whilst
facing her, apparently engaged only in making the
most fearsome grimaces at her, stood the most re-
pulsive man I had ever seen. I recognized him at
once as Greely, from the descriptions given me by
Villiers.

  Greely was a degenerate who frequented the vil-
lage inns, and slunk about the beach near the shore.
It was while on one of these aimless excursions that
he found the hole in the cliff leading to Eden’s labora-
tory. Eden had found him down there, examining the
machine with great curiosity, about ten days before
our visit. Fortunately the man was in a half-crazed
condition, or he would undoubtedly have attacked
Eden, who was no match for him in strength.

Greely had evidently entered the dining-room by

way of the French windows, for one of these was
wide open, and the carpet and floor directly beneath
it were soiled by the passage of someone’s rough and
filthy boots. The man himself was a huge broad-
shouldered giant, with an evil and bestial countenance.
His face was hairy and pock-marked, and the vile,
narrow eyes he turned on us as we entered the room
were full of base animal passion.

  Villiers, whose features became literally distorted
with cruelty when he was angry, stepped up to the
man. I saw the passion die out of Greely’s wicked
eyes, and a coward’s fear replace it. He cringed away
from Villiers, and yelped like a whipped cur.

  “I ain’t done no harm, mister,” he said in a whin-
ing tone." I only just come in to see if the lady
could spare a bite to eat. I ain’t had a bite for three
days now.”

  “You lie,” said Villiers quietly, and his voice was
like steel. “Get out of here—and never let me see
you again.”

  The man shrank back as if he had been struck.
Villiers’ anger was terrible to witness.

  “I’ll go, mister,” he whined. “I ain’t done no harm,
but I’ll go.” And he began shuffling his way back-
wards towards the window.

  “If I ever catch you in here again—I’ll kill you,”
hissed Villiers.

  I watched Greely as he lumbered away across the
lawn towards the shrubbery bordering the edge of
the cliff. He turned before disappearing down the
cliff side, and shook his fist at us. His face was
malignant with fiendish passion.

  Villiers turned towards where Phillipa stood, her
hand on her heart.

  “I hope that he didn’t frighten you, Miss Eden,”
he said courteously.

  She smiled at him nervously.

  “He came in so suddenly, I--I hadn’t time to

think,” she replied, but I suspected that she was
more frightened of Villiers than she had been of
Greely.

  We all went out on the lawn after that, and Phil-
lipa gave me her hand as I stood back for her to
pass safely through the French window. Her fingers
were trembling, but they clung to mine in confidence
and I retained their pressure. Somehow I was glad
then that I was not capable of the cold ferocity Vil-
liers had shown in his treatment of the man.

  That night I tossed and turned in my bed, troubled
by vague disquieting thoughts and premonitions. The
darkness seemed to quiver with a sort of restlessness,
and I mused over the events of the day with some
misgiving. Could Eden really accomplish this stu-
pendous thing of which he boasted? What would be
the effect of bringing the earth nearer the sun? What
would happen, if, through some miscalculation on his
part, we were all precipitated for all eternity through
space? And then drowsily, I thought of Phillipa,
dearest of all women. And next, with a thrill of
horror, I remembered the hairy, pock-marked face of
Greely, and the evil, hungry eyes he had cast upon
Phillipa. With such thoughts racing through my
mind I fell into an uneasy slumber.

  I was awakened, it seemed after an incredibly short
space of time, by the sensation of someone shaking
me fiercely' by the shoulders. I sat up in bed, and
gazed into the frantic eyes of Phillipa.

  Her face was deathly pale, and her hair disordered.

  "Come— come quickly,” she cried. “There is some-
one else in the house. My— my brother heard, and
he got up and went downstairs — and they’re fight-
422

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

ing. I heard him cry out. Please come— you must
come!”

  “My God,” I ejaculated, and half flinging on a bath-
robe, I ran down the dark corridor towards the room
in which Eden slept.

  But someone was already there before me. When
I gripped the handle of the door and flung it open, it
was to find a dark figure crouched over an inanimate
form on the floor. The figure turned in a flash at
my entrance, and I saw that it was Villiers. His face
was white and strained, and when he saw Phillipa, he
held out his hands on either side of him as if to
shield us from the sight of the lifeless thing on the
floor.

  "Take her away, Gaspard," he said hoarsely, “There’s
something foul being done here.”

  Before I could prevent her, Phillipa had rushed for-
ward, and the next instant was kneeling beside the
body of her brother on the floor.

EDEN was quite dead. Of that there could be no
doubt. His face was horribly distorted, and his
neck was swollen from the pressure of powerful hands.
His eyes were nearly starting out of his head, and
the whole position of the body was indescribably hor-
rible. It was evident, however, that he had put up
a good fight against the intruder, for the room was
littered with clothes, and the dressing-table cloth had
been swept on the floor, carrying with it the mass of
bottles, brushes, and other personal paraphernalia.

  Some minutes later I took Phillipa gently by the
arm, and led her away quite passively to her room.
The shock had been so great that I do not think she
realized what was happening.

  “Go to bed, Miss Eden,” I tried to comfort her
as best I could, “He’s beyond anything we can do
for him now. You must leave it to Villiers and me
to bring this murderer to justice.”

  I went back to Villiers and the room of death. He
was gazing out of the window, and down at the sheer
sides of the ivy-covered walls.

  “Did you see him?” I inquired.

  "Yes, it was Greely,” he replied, without looking
round. “I burst open the door just as he was getting
out of the window. I was too late to get him, but
you can see from the ivy that he didn’t waste any
time getting away.”

  We were both silent for a minute, and I believe
we were both thinking of Phillipa.

  "Was any — money or anything taken?” I ven-
tured.

  "No,” he replied shortly, “You know that he didn’t
come for that.”

  We were silent again, and then Villiers spoke.

  “Do you know, I was just thinking, this leaves
us in a deuce of a fix.”

  “In what way? Do you mean Phillipa?”

  “Well — no,” he answered thoughtfully, “I wasn’t
thinking of her particularly, although, of course, we
shall see that everything is all right for her. Poor
old Eden,” he mused, “I wonder if he was right about
that machine?”

  I stared at him blankly for a minute, until the
full purport of his words became clear. And then,
in a flash, I realized what he meant.

 “You mean — you mean —” I gasped, but he
stopped me short.

  “The machine,” he said.

  Instantly we must have thought of the same con-
tingency, for I saw Villiers glance across the floor
at me, and he must have seen the answering stare
of fear in my own eyes.

  “I’ll go,” I said, sensing his thought.

  “Wait,” he cried, and before I could make a move-
ment, he bent and covered the still form of our mutual
friend, Eden, with a sheet. “I will go with you.
There is nothing more we can do here.”

  We hurried together through the spacious hallway.
With feverish fingers we unlocked the door admitting
us to the stone steps. With beating hearts we ran
along the corridor leading to the cave where we had
been shown the infernal machine only the night be-
fore. Hardly daring to think of what we should dis-
cover, we flung open the door.

  Except for the chemical apparatus, Bunsen burners
and test tubes, weird-shaped oblong bottles and basins,
and a mass of electrical material, the place was empty.
The machine had gone.

  The full consequence of what the theft of the ma-
chine might mean did not at once occur to me. I stood
and gaped at Villiers stupidly. The ticking of the
watch on my wrist came to my ears quite audibly,
and far away in the night I could hear the thunder-
ous rumble of some freight train. Then somehow or
other I managed to pull myself together, and managed
to force a laugh.

  “Come,” I remarked,” we must look at this thing
in a common-sense way. I, for one, don’t believe
that Eden could do what he claimed to be able to
do. We both know that he was partially unbalanced,
and anyway, the odds are that Greely will not know
how to start the machine. God wouldn’t allow such
a thing to come to pass.

  I saw a grim, ironical smile hover for a moment
over Villiers’ mirthless features.

  “It would be interesting to see in just what a way
the world would take the news,” he mused half aloud.
“Just ten days to live, eh? You know, Gaspard, there
is a prophecy in that good Book of yours which
you’re so fond of quoting, to the effect that although
the world shall never again be destroyed by flood,
yet there might be a possibility of its destruction
by fire.”

  “I have more faith than that in the goodness of a
Deity,” I replied somewhat stiffly, for theology was
the basis of much disagreement between Villiers and
myself. “Anyway, to return to the immediate present,
what are we to do now?”

  “I suggest that we go to bed,” my companion pro-
posed imperturbably. “We can do nothing more to-
night. And in the morning we can notify the police,
and have a look through the village for Greely. If
he has turned on the machine, and we are not able
to find it, and if what Eden said about it was true—
then in less than ten days, the world is doomed. How-
ever, let’s hope that Greely has not been indiscreet
enough to hide it where we cannot find it.”

  And with this grim jest on his lips, Villiers turned
and we made our way out of that chilly cave, and up
the cellar steps to the hall again. I lay awake most
of the night wondering what the morrow would bring
forth, and imagining that little, whirling machine re-
volving steadily, almost noiselessly, and of the mad-
man Greely watching it ’ in fascination whilst the
earth hurtled madly through space, drawing nearer
hour by hour to that great fiery inferno that keeps
us all alive and moving.

CHAPTER III

VILLIERS was up before me in the morning. He
knocked at my door at a very early hour, fully
dressed, and with his sour, sardonic features
kindled with a sort of weird animation.

  “I’ve been thinking out our position during the
TEN DAYS TO LIVE

423

night,” he confided to me. “I’m going out into the
grounds to see if I can catch a glimpse of our friend
Greely. If I want your help, I’ll call out.”

  “And what do you think I’m going to do?” I ob-
jected, “just hang about?”

  “By no means,” he replied, as if he had thought
out the whole scheme beforehand, “I want you to look
after Miss Eden. “I’m sure you are capable of doing
that, my dear Gaspard, far more thoroughy than I
am," he added with a smirk.

  Well, I did not deny it. I was as much in love
with Phillipa as I would ever be with anyone. To
me she would always be the dearest woman in the
world, and the thought that she might come to some
harm through negligence on our part, filled me with
righteous anxiety.

  "Don’t worry— I shall guard her with my life,”
I assured him, and he went away from me still
smirking.

  I did not see Phillipa until later in the day. There
were dark rings around her eyes, and I knew that she
had been mourning for her brother. Nevertheless I
was determined to speak to her of my feelings for her
at the earliest possible moment, and to offer her both
my love and protection if she would marry me.

  In her presence I forgot all about the possibility of
that sinister little machine, which might be revolving
noiselessly in some secret nook in the village. It was
not until evening that my visions received a some-
what rude jolt.

  We were in the middle of May at that time, and
it was usual for the sun to set some time between
six and seven o’clock in the evening. That day had
been a beautiful spring day, with summer’s promise
in the air until late in the afternoon. I was sitting
with Phillipa in the grounds when suddenly a wind
sprang up, which in half an hour reached the propor-
tions of a gale.

  It moaned and tore over the cliffs, tossing the sea
into a thousand white-crested billows, beating with
ferocity against the walls of Eden’s old house, and
even uprooting a tree in the garden.

  Phillipa and I ran for shelter to the house, and
stood side by side gazing out of the window at the
signs of chaos. While we were standing there, Vil-
liers came up silently from behind, and remained there
for a minute without speaking. And as we three
stood there, a more than usually fierce gust of wind
struck the house, shaking its old foundations, and
giving us the illusion perhaps, that the house rocked
and that the earth trembled beneath our feet.

  Illusion or no illusion, I know that the sensation
was so real that I turned round to Villiers and found
him ashen-faced, staring out of the window at the
terrible landscape.

  “My God!” he gasped. “Did you ever know such
a storm in May? It looks like the end of the world,
doesn’t it?”

  From the sea below the cliffs, came the mighty roar
of breakers crashing vainly against the chalk barriers.
Black clouds scurried across the sky, and quite sud-
denly—in less than five minutes—the darkness of
night closed down on us. I glanced at my watch at
this juncture, and found that the time was only 4:45
in the afternoon. The sun had set two hours before
its appointed time.

  I know that my knees were trembling to such an
extent that I could hardly present a semblance of
normality to Phillipa. Fortunately she had left us
shortly after the darkness came upon us. To her this
was nothing more than an unusually ferocious storm.

But Villiers and I knew different. It was the con-
firmation of our worst fears.

  We sat still in the semi-darkness for some minutes
after she had gone. A single oil lamp flickered from a
rusty hook in the hall. I heard the hiss of Villiers’
breath through his teeth . . . Finally I could
stand the silence no longer.

  “Well,” I whispered, “what do you make of it?”

  His voice came to me weirdly out of the gloom.

  “Make of it! Doesn’t it prove that friend Eden
was right for once?” he gasped hoarsely. “Greely, in
his ignorance of the true functions of the machine,
has set the thing going. Our only hope is to find
him and discover where he has hidden it.”

  “Good God!” I groaned. “The thing seems impos-
sible. Perhaps it was only some sort of a cyclone.
Such storms have visited the coast here before, you
know.”

  “Is there any storm in the world which would cause
the sun to set a couple of hours ahead of time, Gas-
pard?” he observed sarcastically.

  There was little sleep for us that night. In the
stilly darkness we searched all over the grounds and
along the beach for some sign of Greely. The orchard
was explored from top to bottom. The Italian rock
garden was searched from end to end. We peeped
into holes in the cliffside. The cave-like laboratory
in which Eden worked gave us no clues, for the floor,
although sandy in spots, was for the most part rocky
enough to leave no trace of footprints.

IT was long past midnight when we gave up the
search. We were in the vicinity of the cave at the
moment, and I remember that Villiers led the way in,
and we both sat down on some sort of a packing-case
and gazed at each other blankly. Through the vent
in the ceiling we could survey the sky. I could see
the twinkling of several stars, and the tops of two
trees in the garden. There was a pigeon-house built
on one of these trees, and I fancied I could hear the
low cooing of one of the birds to its mate.

  Then I thought of Phillipa, and I think I realized
then what an awful catastrophe this thing might
bring about. Here we were in this twentieth cen-
tury, with science making such rapid strides that it
was hard for the layman to keep abreast of its dis-
coveries, cornered by a little machine, which was gen-
erating a tremendous power against which all the
incantations and prayers of men were useless. I could
just see the whiteness of Villiers’ face through the
darkness, and it looked as though he were smiling.

  “Well, Gaspard old friend,” his voice came to me
weirdly out of the gloom, “we’ve done our best for
tonight. It looks as though it may be up to this
Deity of yours to save the world after all. I wonder
how people will take it.”

  I turned on him sharply, for he was getting on my
nerves.

  “God will be merciful,” I said. “Villiers, this
catastrophe will fetch more people back to religion
than all the preaching that has ever been done.”

  "Superstitious fear, eh?” he mocked. “I think that
I, at any rate, shall die with a stiff upper lip.”

  And I was such a coward myself that I did not
doubt him. Afterwards I had cause to ponder his
words.

  The stars were still twinkling in the Heavens when
we parted—some of them' seemed to laugh at our help-
lessness.

  The next morning I was aroused by the full force
of the sun pouring through my open window. Feel-
ing drowsy, but thinking, because of the high posi-
424

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

tion of the sun in the sky, that it must be getting
late, I raised myself lazily on one arm and looked
at my watch. It registered five o’clock.

  Abruptly the awful realization of what it meant
came to me, and an overwhelming fear clutched at
my heart. Eden had been right, madman though he
was, and he had succeeded beyond his fondest dreams.
But it might be, also, that he had inevitably con-
demned the world. There could no longer be any
doubt about the possibility that his machine could
affect the earth’s orbit. The short twilight and early
sunset of the night before, and now this early sun-
rise and the sun’s late position in the firmament, con-
firmed my fears. The world was surely and unavoid-
ably being drawn towards the sun.

  1 know that the first realization that the unbe-
lievable was actually occurring, prostrated me with
fear. I sat up in bed and gazed like a madman at
the ball of fire glowing so rosily in the sky. Then
a sort of frenzied reaction came over me, and I
leaped out of bed and threw on my clothes.

  Villiers slept at the back of the house, and the
sun had not yet disturbed him. I knocked at his
door, and receiving no reply, entered the room. He
was asleep, and I had to shake him by the shoulders
to arouse him.

  “Do you know what time it is?” I asked excitedly.

  He blinked at me for a moment, and then looked
out of his windows at the shadow of the trees on the
lawn. Their silhouette was very short, and it was
obvious that the sun was nearly overhead.

  "Good Lord,” he grinned, "why didn’t you wake me?
I must have slept the clock round.”

  “It is now half past five in the morning,” I said
meaningly, and going to the window I pulled aside
the curtain so that he might see more clearly.

  "Half past five?” he repeated in a puzzled tone.
And then realization came to him, just as it had
come to me. “Good God!” he said. Then, “The sun!
Look where it is.”

  “Exactly,” I observed, and we were silent.

NOW neither of us, as a matter of fact, could actu-
ally see the sun. Villiers’ room was at the back
of the house, as I have said, and my room, which
faced the cliffs, was in the front. But we could both
realize from the shadows on the lawn that the sun
must be very nearly overhead. And even as we
watched, a new beam of light cut across the grass
like a needle point, and I saw Villiers’ face go pale.

  “Let’s get down and see what the papers have to
say,” he remarked grimly. And suiting the action to
the word, he commenced to dress rapidly.

  We had to wait for an hour downstairs before the
paper boy arrived. He was only a lad, and when he
saw us both waiting for him on the doorstep, he
glanced up at us fearfully as if expecting to receive
our verdict on this extraordinary state of affairs. His
young face was pale, and there were frightened lines
around his mouth.

  "What’s it mean, mister?” he queried. “It ain’t
natural—this here daylight. It’s got ’em scared—even
up in the city.”

  “Never mind what it means,” said Villiers gruffly.
"Give us the paper. And here’s something for your-
self,” and he handed the boy some silver.

  The paper was full of the peculiar storm which had
ravaged the entire country the night before. Most of
the papers would have gone to press too early to have
any mention of that morning’s early sunrise. But all
sorts of weird opinions were advanced to account for

the previous evening’s disturbances, and even the
astronomers were scared out of their usual calm.

SUN CHANGES ITS SPOTS.

Storm of Unparalleled Fury Wrecks Country.
Accompanied by Terrifying Darkness.

      London:—A ninety-mile-an-hour gale accom-
    panied by a moaning sound and a heavy downpour
    of rain swept over the entire country last night,
    uprooting trees, lifting the roofs off farm-houses,
    and doing untold damages to the early crops.

       From several centres come stories of near es-
     capes from death, and in many places people are
     homeless as a result of one of the worst storms
     ever experienced in England. The curious part
     of the storm, however, was the swift darkness
     which descended in its wake. The whole country
     lay in pitch darkness before five o’clock, and the
     storm had died away just as quickly as it had
     come.

       Various explanations are forthcoming from as-
     tronomers on last night’s cyclonic display. One
     of the most feasible explanations comes from Sir
     Philip Sims, who is well known as the famous
     discoverer of Sims’ Comet.

       “Curious outbursts of flame on the sun’s sur-
     face, usually known as sun spots, are known to
     have a direct bearing on atmospheric conditions on
     the earth,” says Sir Philip. “It is probable that
     the position of one of these vast bodies of molten
     material has changed on the sun’s surface, and
     that last night’s severe storm was caused by at-
     mospheric disturbances which could be attributed
     to this change.”

  "Sounds all right, doesn’t it?” Villiers said sar-
donically, as we read this short account together.
There was a lot more about the storm, and more
theories were advanced, bringing in shadows and
clouds, and other things to account for the sudden
darkness. After that morning’s extraordinary sun-
rise, there was little doubt that the entire press of
the world would be making comments on the phe-
nomena by the evening.

  Villiers and I had a long talk that morning, and we
decided that it was our bounden duty to the world to
make the fact of Eden’s experiments known to the
world. We decided that we would wait until the
morrow to see if anything further transpired, and if
by that time we had not found the machine, and the
atmospheric conditions still showed signs of reacting
to Eden's machine, we would go together to the Prime
Minister and demand that he publish the facts for
the benefit of the world at large, or deal with it in
whatever manner he thought fit.

  “According to Eden," Villiers calculated grimly,
“we still have seven or eight days in which to enjoy
the carnal luxuries of this life. And the world was
made in seven days, friend Gaspard, Eh?”

  He went up to London that morning, while I spent
the day with Phillipa. That day I broke the news
to her very gently. She was worried, poor child, but
I do not think that she fully realized what I meant.
The police had been around the grounds on the look-
out for Greely. They had been in the house, also,
asking her questions about poor Eden’s life and habits.
I assured them, as well as I could, that so far as I
was aware, he hadn’t an enemy in the world. I fur-
nished them also with a vivid description of Greely.
But of course we had told them nothing of the ma-
chine, or of the effect it was exerting on the earth,
even at that very moment. We intended to keep this
a secret as long as it was humanly possible to do so.
TEN DAYS TO LIVE

425

  That day was the first day of the great heat. By
eight o’clock, when normally the sun should just be
comfortably launched on its daily round, the heat was
sweltering. The policemen took ofE their coats, and
the fat inspector was visibly perturbed.

  It was dark at three o'clock, and a great hush
had settled over the countryside. It was as if the
whole of nature was aware of the approach of some
unknown, but all-powerful cataclysm. The voices of
the birds were silent, and the wind dropped, and only
a faint, lazy lapping murmur came from the sea be-
yond the cliffs. But as I passed the two trees in the
garden above the cave, I heard the persistent coo-
cooing of the pigeons from the pigeon hatch, and I
wondered why they were not frightened like the
rest of nature.

VILLIERS had not returned from the Metropolis
before the evening papers were out. I had an
opportunity, therefore, to glance through these before
he brought back more precise news from the city.

  The papers, as I had predicted, commented fully on
the early sunrise and sunset. Frantic headlines in
enormous black type featured the news on the front
pages of many of the more sensational journals, and
even the columns of the conservative dailies were
alive with wild and improbable conjectures. The di-
versity of opinion as to the cause of the different
phenomena was astounding. One paper advanced the
theory that the excessive radio-activity of the at-
mosphere was responsible for some of the signs wit-
nessed. It might be possible, as this paper pointed out,
that the millions of radio waves which were daily
hurled through the air had in some way or other
split up the component parts of the atmosphere, thus
preventing the earth from turning on its axis at the
proper speed and so defying the gravity of the whole
solar system. This theory was followed up by other
papers, which advocated the seizure of all transmit-
ting stations.

  The theory of sun spots, at first advanced by Sir
Philip Sims, was also referred to impressively, espe-
cially by the more conservative papers.

  The New York Wire, in an edito.rial on the subject
written by an astronomer of note, sounded a note of
cheerful optimism:

      New York:—The present atmospheric disturb-
    ances can, and in all probability will be attributed
    to gigantic derangements on the solar surface.
    Rifts in the sun’s envelope, popularly known as
    sun spots, are known to produce climatic changes
    on the earth.

  Some of the more irrational theories advanced were
manifestly absurd, and not worthy of serious con-
sideration. Someone advanced the idea that the sun
was being screened from the earth by the nebulous
tail of a comet. It was clear that every part of the
earth’s surface must be affected in a sense identically
by the changes. From all over Europe, America, Asia,
and from South Africa came reports of early dark-
ness and an astonishingly short day. From the north-
ernmost point of Norway came an interesting bit of
nows. In that Arctic region, where the sun brooded
over a frozen landscape for three months at a time,
an unprecedented thaw had set in. Everywhere the
ice was cracking, and in some cases immense bergs
had split into many pieces, making the sea very dan-
gerous for ships in the vicinity.

  Villiers returned from London about seven o’clock
that evening. His usually mocking expression had

vanished, and his features showed signs of weariness
and strain. Quite clearly he was alarmed.

  “Any luck?” was his first query, almost as soon as
he saw me. And as I shook my head, I saw his face
fall.

  “We’ve looked everywhere, and the village has been
thoroughly searched,” I reported, “Phillipa and I went
over every room in the house. We ransacked Eden's
study, but we found no information of any value to
us. Evidently Eden was determined that his secret
should die with him. If you had told me a week ago
that we would be in this position, I should have
laughed in your face.”

  Villiers’ old mirthless grin returned, penetrating the
immobility of his features, like a ray of light in a
dark place.

  "It seems then, that we’re stumped,” he remarked
nonchalantly, throwing himself into a chair. "That
is one of the unfortunate things about science—it is
absolutely ruthless to those who make mistakes or
take liberties with it. I have never seen the city in
such a state of commotion, Gaspard. Business is prac-
tically at a standstill. And so soon in our little pro-
gram! Just imagine what it will be like in a few days’
time, when people begin to realize that the end of
the world has really come!”

  "My God!” I gasped, “It’s the truth.”

  “We may as well face it,” he went on. "Nothing
can save us now unless we discover either Greely or
the machine. As a matter of fact, Greely is bound to
come out some time in the near future, no matter
where he may be hiding. The heat will compel him
to show himself. But I don’t believe he will identify
the machine as the cause of all this disturbance. He
is just as likely to let that run on until the end
comes.”

<*TT7hat else is happening in the city?” I asked,
  VV to change the subject.

  “Many of the stores are closed. Everywhere people
are trying to account for the early darkness. Groups
of men stand on every street corner. But they’re all
scared, Gaspard, they’re all scared out of their wits.
They’re even forgetting about making money.”

  He chuckled grimly to himself.

  “There was an old Greek doing a great business—
selling smoked glass to have a peep at the sun. Rather
ironical—what? Buying smoked glass to have a look
at the sun! Eh?” And he laughed aloud this time.

  “Stop laughing, for goodness sake!” I cried sharp-
ly. I was surprised that he got on my nerves so
easily. “We’ve got to act now, and act quickly. We
shall all go up to London tomorrow, and make this
thing known to the Premier. We shall at least have
shared our sense of responsibility then.”

  “Do you think that he’ll believe you?” asked Vil-
liers sardonically.

  “He’ll believe anything by tomorrow,” I declared
boldly, and did not underestimate the truth of my
words.

  Imagine the universal dismay and horror of a pop-
ulace witnessing the dawn of another day, at what
should have been one o’clock in the morning. All
over the world people started up from their beds to
find the brilliant rays of the sun flooding their bed-
rooms with light, when normally everything should
have been in darkness and hushed in sleep.

  Villiers and I were up as soon as the light came;
we witnessed one of the most awe-inspiring sunrises
it has ever been my lot to see. In less than five
minutes, the huge molten face of the sun climbed
426

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

above the horizon. If one watched steadily one could
see it moving.

  It had been decided that we should take Phillipa
with us to the Metropolis for safety’s sake, and that
we should all visit the Premier together. Accord-
ingly the three of us packed ourselves into Eden’s
car, and in half an hour we were rushing through
the suburbs of London.

  Here we saw the first signs of the universal panic
which was to follow later as more effects of the
catastrophe continued to make themselves felt. Most
of the shops and stores were closed. In one place
we saw an enormous line of people jostling each other
in their efforts to get into a bank.

  “Turning to religion, eh?" Villiers smirked back at
me from his seat at the front of the car. “Don’t
you believe it, old man. A short life and a merry one
for all of us now.”

  “I don’t apprehend for a moment that we have any-
thing really to fear,” I replied, and Phillipa by my
side pressed my hand.

  I smiled down at her, and as I met the trusting
gaze of her eyes, I prayed that I should be able to
act out my part in this affair like a man.

  It was quite evident, as we approached the con-
gested traffic centres of the city, that a spirited effort
was being made to keep things going in as normal
a manner as possible. I even found a sort of grim
satisfaction in watching the unhurried antics of a
traffic policeman, directing the mass of automobiles
at one particularly massed section. I envied this man
his sang-froid, and wondered morbidly what he would
be doing seven days later.

  The heat was now almost unbearable, and it be-
came clear to me that, . although Eden had not
specified directly in what manner the danger would lie
if we approached the sun too closely, in four or five
days we should have reached a stage where an all-con-
suming conflagration would be inevitable. I shuddered.

THERE seemed to be some sort of disorderly crowd
hanging round the railing of the Premier’s resi-
dence. We parked our car around the corner under
the shadow of the Cenbtaph to the Unknown Soldier.
Had they all died in vairi?

  We had almost to fight our way through this mass
of people before we came face to face with two burly
and perspiring policemen guarding the entrance to
the Premier’s door. I clung to Phillipa, who was white
to the lips and evidently greatly frightened, whilst
Villiers went ahead. I heard his arresting voice ring
out even above the babel of shouting about us.

  “We’ve got to see the Premier,” I heard him cry.
“It is on vitally important business.”

  "That’s what they all say, mister,” grinned back one
of the policemen. “I guess your business is no more
important than Sir Philip Sims’, who’s in with the
Premier now.”

  “The great astronomer?” queried Villiers.

  “That’s him,” assented the officer, “And, by golly,
-we certainly need to have the weather cleared up!”
“Well, that’s what I’m here to do,” announced Vil-
liers confidently, and he pushed the astonished officer
to one side. “If you resist me, it will be at your
own personal risk.”

' The two guardians of the peace exchanged glances.
Apparently they both decided that Villiers was bluffing.
They closed up together, prepared to contest his en-
trance. But the solution of the problem was in other
hands than their own. The mob, upon hearing Vil-
liers’ words, surged forward. Phillipa and I found
purselves on the crest of an irresistible wave of hu-

manity. I saw the figures of the two policemen melt
away in the rush. The door of the residence burst
open suddenly, and I had a hurried glimpse of the^
terrified face of a man-servant. Then someone seized
my arm in a grip of iron, and I found myself, with
Phillipa still clinging to me, in a dark hallway. The
door banged somehow behind us, and the faint tumultu-
ous murmur of the surging mob came faintly to our
ears from the outside.

  I noticed then that Villiers was arguing with a
scared-looking menial in the passage ahead of us.
After a moment or two, he turned round to us and
beckoned.

  “The Premier will'see us right away,” he whispered.
“And Sir Philip Sims will be there as well. We shall
get an expert opinion on our declaration.”

  I am not able to analyze my feelings clearly at the
fateful moment when the door ahead of us opened,
admitting us to the presence of the man who guided
the nation’s destinies. I recognized him immediately.
He was short of stature, but well-built. He had a
bald head and a very wrinkled face. His eyes were
grey and kindly, but very keen.

  At the particular moment we entered, he looked
worried. There were ominous wrinkles on his fore-
head. Seated opposite him was a small, fat man with
a hooked nose. This man wore a pince-nez, and I
knew him immediately to be Sir Philip Sims, who had
recently gained much publicity, on account of his dis-
covery of the celebrated Sims’ Comet.

  The great astronomer glanced at us somewhat super-
ciliously as we faced him. I suppose he was wonder-
ing by what right ignorant laymen like ourselves were
admitted to a conference of such vital importance.
But we were soon to startle him out of his shell of
reserve.

  The Premier rose to his feet as he caught sight of
Phillipa, and motioned us all to take a seat.

  “I am informed, gentlemen,” he began in a soft
voice, “that you wish to see me on important business
relevant to the present inexplicable atmospheric dis-
turbance?”

  Villiers rose to his feet, and whatever his short-
comings may have been, he certainly always had that
indescribable knack for facing any crisis in a calm and
collected manner.

  “My friends and I have information, sir, which is
of the utmost importance to the whole world,” he said
solemnly. “As you are aware, a great change has
come over the earth. During the last couple of days
the length of our days and of our nights have been
shortened. As Sir Philip Sims must have conjec-
tured, this might be due to a sudden unprecedented
reduction in the earth’s orbit around the sun. Our
very periodicity 'is changing every minute in rela-
tion to the universe around us.”

  He paused dramatically, and I can still see the un-
comprehending expression on the face of the Premier
and of the great astronomer.

  “My friends here—may I introduce Mr. Gaspard
and Miss Eden—and I have authoritative information
as to what may be causing this unexampled condition
at this very moment.

  “Three days ago Edward Eden, one of my best
friends and a remarkable scientist, whose works on
electro-magnetic activity you must have read, sir,
showed us a machine he had perfected, by means of
which he hoped to be able to modify the climatic
conditions of the earth. This machine was designed
to bring the earth nearer to the sun—in other words
to shorten the earth’s orbit round the sun. He was
himself in a precarious state of health, and he con-
TEN DAYS TO LIVE

427

fided this secret to us, therefore, that we might, in
case of his sudden demise, be able to control the
machine.”

  I saw a little sceptical smile hovering over Sir
Philip Sims’ face. Villiers continued.

  “Three days ago, on the night he revealed this
machine to us, Mr. Eden was brutally murdered by a
half-crazed tramp. Eden had kept the machine in his
laboratory, which he had had fitted up in a natural
cave carved out by the sea’s action on the chalk cliffs
centuries before. He told us that this tramp knew
the whereabouts of the machine, and that if anything
happened to him, we were to guard the machine—
with our lives. When we visited the cave as soon as
we discovered our friend had been killed, we found
that the machine had disappeared. The day before
yesterday, as you must undoubtedly be aware, the in-
fluence of this machine began to be felt. This is the
third day, sir, and as Sir Philip will be able to in-
form you, we shall probably approach the solar body
more rapidly as time goes on until we reach a point
when we shall be drawn very suddenly, within its
influence."

VILLIERS sat down rather abruptly, and I saw that
Sir Philip Sims was impressed in spite of him-
self. The Premier sat with hunched shoulders, his
head sunk on his chest. Such a catastrophe as this
threatened to be, was entirely outside the province of
statesmanship.

  “What is to be done, Sir Philip?" he asked finally.

  “If what Mr. Villiers tells us is true, there is
nothing to do but to find the machine,” replied Sir
Philip.

  The Premier raised his head. From without, the
roar of a great crowd shouting could be heard faintly.

  "How long do you think we have, Sir Philip, be-
fore—before the end?”

  “Eden calculated that within seven days we should
be subjected to unbearable heat, sir,” said Villiers.

  “But then there is no sure way of calculating, Mr.
Villiers,” spoke up Sir Philip, "because the earth no
longer conforms to any fixed standards. We may be
drawn off our orbit and hurled into the sun's influ-
ence at any minute.”

  “Can no trace of the machine be found?” asked the
Premier.

  “We have searched every part of the grounds, sir,”
said Villiers, “and the police are searching everywhere
every minute of the day. And soon it will be too hot
to remain above the ground.”

  There was a long silence after this remark, and
that faint ominous growling sound outside became
more noticeable. The Premier stood up, and there
were little beads of perspiration on his forehead.

  "We are bound to tell the people something,” he
declared. “The House shall meet tonight. We shall
have to determine what policy to pursue in this uni-
versal crisis. If we must announce to the world that
there will be only seven days more to live, then the
papers shall have the story tomorrow. On the other
hand, such a frank disclosure of the facts will lead
to outbreaks of lawlessness.”

  He stood still in the middle of the room, his brows
contracted in thought.

  “Gentlemen, it is a case of knowing human nature,”
he announced at last, and glanced at each of us with
an appraising eye. “What should we ourselves do
if we were suddenly informed, without any warning,
that we had only ten days, at most, to live? It is
said that human nature is the same all the world
over.

  “I am going to ask each one of you what you
would do—or perhaps I should say what you intend
to do—with the seven days left at your disposal? The
last seven days of your life?”

  We were all very silent. You could have heard a
pin drop in the room. The ticking of a grandfather
clock was distinctly audible.

  “Come, Sir Philip,” urged the Premier, “you tell
us first. What would you do?”

  “If I had only ten days more in which to live,”
echoed the great astronomer with a subtle smile, “I
think I should go to my observatory and watch this
catastrophe approaching. I should take notes as long
as I could in the hope that, should the end miracu-
lously be averted, there would be some sort of au-
thentic record to remind people that the spirit of
science is unconquerable.”

  Brave words, I thought to myself, and I wondered
if he really believed that he might have to live up to
them within the next few days.

  “And you, Mr. Villiers?” asked the Premier.

  I saw the old sardonic smile creep over Villiers’
features.

  “I think I should endeavor to die as I live,” he
said after a minute's reflection. “To me, the most
interesting study in the world is the observation of
people. I should like to watch their reactions to this
news, and get the results down on paper as a record,
even as Sir Philip says—for our successors.”

  “I think that your reactions would both be ab-
normal, gentlemen,” said the Premier. “Might I be
permitted to ask this lady her opinion?” he added,
bowing to Phillipa.

  The poor girl went as white as a sheet, and my
heart went out to her. But she kept her hands folded
on her lap, and when she spoke her voice was quite
firm.

  “If what we all dread is really going to happen, I
think I want to go to a secluded place somewhere—to
a place where I could pray for all the unhappy souls
my brother’s folly has condemned. If it were possible
for me to offer myself as some sort of sacrifice, I
would do—be—”

  Her voice broke, and she buried her face in her
hands. We all stirred uneasily.

  “Come, come. Miss Eden, we need not anticipate the
worst yet,” spoke up the Premier. "You were noth-
ing but an innocent onlooker—”

  Somehow, at that moment, the absurdity of the
whole argument struck me. Here we were, four men
and one girl, bickering over trifles of no importance,
whilst the most stupendous danger that ever threatened
the earth was rushing upon us.

  “Let us tell the people at once,” I said, “It is only
fair to them. It is up to every one of us now to get
the best out of life before it is too late.”

PERHAPS my words carried the requisite weight
to move them to action, for my suggestion was no
sooner uttered than it was adopted. The Premier rose
briskly to his feet.

  “You are right,” he declared. “It shall be an-
nounced at once. In the meanwhile, gentlemen, the
search for the machine must be continued unremit-
tingly.”

  Our audience was at an end, and we left the mansion
by a rear door. Our car was still standing in the
shadow of the Cenotaph, and it was at this spot that
Villiers and I bade each other farewell. Before we
parted, we each made a solemn promise to meet in
Eden’s cave once again before the end.

  "In three days’ time or less, the heat will have
428

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

driven all people underground,” I prophesied morbid-
ly. "I want you to promise us that you will be at
the cave at the last. We may need you.”

  “But what are you two going to do?” he asked,
with an amused twinkle back of his sour, old eyes.

  "We’re going to get married,” I cried audaciously,
and I was glad that I had spoken up when I saw the
lovely flush my words brought to Phillipa’s face.

  “Get married?” he echoed after me, staring like a
madman. And then, his sardonic smile breaking out
all over his face, he extended his hand and gripped
mine. “I wish you the best of luck, old man.”

  And then he was gone, and Phillipa and I were
alone. I took the wheel of the car and sped out of
the vast Metropolis, with its myriads of living dead,
and out into the comparative freshness of the country.
But even here a hot breeze fanned our faces as we
left the City behind us, and presently I brought the
car to a standstill. I turned to the girl, so still and
silent by my side.

  “Darling,” I whispered, “will you marry me, now?”
I saw my answer in her eyes, and put my arms
around her and held her very close to me. And even
while we sat there, a chill rustling, like the gaunt
herald of death, swept through the trees and grass.
The sun sank suddenly, without warning, behind the
horizon.

  But I knew that in a few brief hours it would
rise again, and with awful majesty, grip the whole
earth in its fiery mantle.

CHAPTER IV

NOW that I try to record the events subsequent
to the forecasting of the calamity by the press
of the world, I find myself strangely bewildered
as to what actually did transpire.

  Phillipa and I were married the next day by a
perspiring and very much frightened minister, who
thought us quite mad.

  We had five and a half hours of darkness before
the sun rose again, and this time, although the evil
was not yet upon us, its actuality could no longer be
doubted. When the truth was broadcast in the papers,
all the ordinary affairs of men were discarded. Every-
one joined in a growing discussion as to the possi-
bility of the oncoming catastrophe. The ordinary hu-
man intelligence still refused to credit the truth of
such impending danger.

  Whilst a large majority were sceptical, there were
some who from the start became panic-stricken. Some
tried to sell their businesses. All the big factories
shut down. Heat made it impossible to continue their
operation. A riotous spending of money was appar-
ent everywhere.

  The first signs of universal lamentation, horror, and
panic came on the morrow, with the first sense of
pain. Evidently we had already come within the
sun’s influence, although the mass of the earth must
still have been tending to draw away from the solar
gravitatio lal pull, for some component in the air dis-
appeared, Inaking the atmosphere dry and unpleasant,
and causing an irritation in the throat and breast
whenever one took a breath. A wild fury came over
all men. All that was bestial, all that was cowardly
and craven, and conversely, all that was pure and fine,
made itself manifest.

  On the morning of that eventful day I was awakened
by the rays of the sun pouring in at my window. I
was conscious at once of an unpleasant closeness in
the air. My skin was dry and my head ached. I
could hear the racing blood pulsing through my sys-
tem, and I realized that my blood pressure must be

abnormally high. I was very thirsty and jumped out
of bed to get a drink.

  It was at that moment that the increasing magni-
tude of the sun was brought home to me. It faced
us now like a vast sea of flame, stretching like the
curve of a rainbow from end to end of the horizon.
With unspeakable horror clutching at my breast I saw
that a huge flickering, giving the illusion of clouds of
smoke passing in front of a bright light, obscured its
face partly from us. A wild terror possessed me, and
I ran, like the coward I was, back into my bedroom.

  I gazed frantically down at the sleeping figure of
Phillipa, my wife. I ground my teeth in helpless
fury, as I noted the quick unhealthy rise and fall of
her bosom, the flushed look on her face, and the dry-
ness of her skin. For the first time in many years I
fell on my knees, as millions of others were doing at
the same time, and besought God to avert this calamity.

  In a couple of hours the heat became unbearable in
our room. I carried all the available food and water
I could find, down into Eden’s cave, the place where
Eden had first show Villiers and me the infernal
machine which was now causing all the trouble. It
was cooler there than anywhere else, the only out-
let being through the opening in the roof, through
which we could just see the tops of the two trees in'
the garden.

  One thing I had noted on my way past the windows
of the dining-room overlooking the lawn and garden.
This was the wild luxuriance of foliage which had
burst out upon every growing thing. The leaves were
fully out upon every tree. The grass was partially
withered. Small growing weeds made their appearance
on the walls, on flower pots, and even through crevices
in the stone walls and courtyard. Also the air was
filled with flies of all sorts, and lice and insects in-
fested every room on the ground floor.

  We spent the greater part of the day in the cave,
while the earth cracked and yawned above us. I ven-
tured out after sunset, as the sun had finished its now
almost headlong descent below the horizon. I was
nearly prostrated by the high temperature. A vast
billowy cloud of smoke hung over the fields about a
mile to our left, and a sudden premonition warned me
of the proximity of fire.

  I recollected, however, that if there was any fear
of fire, Phillipa and I were in the safest possible place,
for the smoke and flames would pass over us.

  During the night, a long line of automobiles, with
their lamps twinkling like speckled eyes through the
veil of smoke and darkness, roared along the highway
near the house. They carried people from the Metrop-
olis, who were fleeing to the country, where they
imagined they would find some sort of shelter from
the heat.

  The next day witnessed our first sight of death.
The carcasses of small birds lay on the withered
ground. Unmentionable orgies took place on the streets
and in the country meadows. We heard later that
there was rioting in the Metropolis. Streets were
set on fire. The looting of food shops and grocery
stores was universal. Crime and iniquity held their
grim sway over all. The Churches also were filled
to capacity.

THROUGHOUT that awful time Phillipa and I sat
side by side in Eden’s cave; There was both
faith and confidence in the quietness of her eyes, and
I found much solace in her presence.

  “I don’t believe God will allow such a thing to
happen, dear,” she remarked quietly that afternoon.
TEN DAYS TO LIVE

429

"There is too much goodness in the world for Him
to wish to destroy it.”

  While I was near her, I felt reassured. But when
I was alone for a moment I had a dire foreboding. I
thought of Villiers’ ironical face, and I could not for-
get the day we were out together on one of our nu-
merous explorations through the slums, when he had
quoted rather aptly, pointing out the terrible living
conditions of some of the people—“If God loved us
all, He wouldn’t have made so many of us.”

  On the morning of the fourth day, I knew that the
end could not be far off. The magnitude and glory of
the sun was chimerical. From one end of the Heavens
to the other, it stretched, a molten hell of blinding
flame. During the night, Phillipa and I had crawled
out of our cave for a minute to gape, amazed, at the
marvelous spectacle of Venus and Mercury, the former
flaming with an intense white light in the Heavens,
as large as our own Moon usually appeared to us.
The latter lay well down on the horizon, and was
made invisible to us as the sun rose, on account of its
proximity to the solar body.

  In the very early morning (if it can be called morn-
ing) of the fourth day, an indistinct roaring sound,
like the “voice of many waters” became audible. The
leaves were withered off the trees, and all animal life
seemed to be extinct. Not a sound could be heard
from the ground above us. Only from the pigeon
house came a persistent cooing sound, which, had I
been mentally alert, I would have recognized at once
for what it really was. But my senses were half
dazed, and I had long ago given up any hope of locat-
ing the machine.

  Some tivo hours after the sun rose on that day, I
heard a muffled sound from the stone stairway lead-
ing down the passage into our retreat. Hastily re-
assuring Phillipa, I advanced cautiously towards the
wooden door admitting us to the passage.

  It was Villiers.' He had kept his promise. But at
what a cost.

  I did not recognize him immediately, for in three
days, his hair had turned entirely white. He seemed
thin and emaciated to the point of dissolution. His
eyes glowed with the wild fear of a soul in mortal
terror of the Unknown. His clothes were torn and
smeared with blood. He gave a feeble cackle when he
saw me, and then collapsed like a sack of bones on
the sandy floor of the cave.

  "Quick, dear, water,” I gasped to Phillipa, and she
took a cup and filled it from our precious store. Sup-
porting his head upon her lap, she dipped her hand-
kerchief into the fluid and squeezed it between his
lips.

  He sucked at it like a madman, and half way through
it I saw him stop, and catch hold of her hand.

  “God bless you,” he mumbled, and I saw Phillipa
turn away. It was the first time I had ever heard
Villiers use the name of the Deity to express the best
which was within him.

  Later on he told us of what was happening in the
Metropolis. On the first day, as has been mentioned,
all business ceased. On the second day looting and
rioting broke out, and all thoughts of law and order
were flung to the winds.

  "Gaspard,” he said, clinging to my arm, “I have
seen people do things, which I pictured as possible
only in my wildest dreams. The downright goodness
of some people—there were people dying every moment
to save others pain and misery. I would never have
believed that human nature was so sound fundamen-
tally. And the Churches—they’re full all the time.”

  He smiled grimly to himself.

  “You were right, Gaspard old friend,” he choked,
gripping my hand, “you were right after all.”

THE sun sank in a blaze of glory. Two hours after-
wards, we crawled out into the open. Even then
the ground was so scorched that we could scarcely
bear the heat through our shoes. Tremendous clouds
of smoke obscured the view of everything around us.
The roaring sound had grown in volume, so that it
became a persistent and terrifying drone. From end
to end of the horizon there blazed an ominous flicker-
ing of red.

  “Tonight will be the last night,” Villiers remarked,
and I realized that moment that never in this world
would he lose his ironical sense of humor. “It seems
funny to think that we’ll all be dead by this time
tomorrow, doesn’t it?”

  “Do you think that the end will be sudden?” I in-
quired, much in the same tone that I would have
asked him to pass the sugar two weeks ago.

  “I think,” he replied, after a minute’s cogitation,
“that unless we collide with something before tomor-
row morning, there will be a universal conflagration
. . . My God, won’t the heat be awful?”

  We looked round and became silent as Phillipa ap-
proached. She came up to us both and laid a soft
hand on our shoulders. Overnight Phillipa, the young
girl, had become Phillipa, the woman.

  “Dear men,” she said, “you have both been very
good to me.”

  We talked for a little while then, and afterwards
descended below to make our peace with the Almighty
before the dawn came. It was while we were descend-
ing the stairs from the hallway to the corridor lead-
ing to the cave that Villiers slipped, and fractured a
bone in his leg.

  We made him as comfortable as we could, but he
was in great pain, and groaned for much of the night.
After a while he went off into a feverish doze.

  The minutes dragged by, and the dawn must have
been very near. I think Phillipa and I realized this,
for we drew closer together, and I put my arms round
her. Presently she dozed, too, but I remained nervous-
ly alert, and found myself staring insanely at the
cleft through the dome of the ceiling, watching . . .
watching for the first signs of sunrise.

  As I gazed I think that my mind must have wan-
dered, for extraordinary thoughts and even visions,
such as they say come to a man in the throes of
drowning, assailed me. I thought of the antiquity of
this old world of ours, and of the immense time—
scientists say that it is ten million years—which went
into its evolution. Even of the solar system, I knew
the earth to be a minor member. Compared with the
stellar universe we were only an ulta-microscopic
speck. The composition of our lithosphere told a story
of unremitting change. We were always changing and
it might even be possible that this would be the last
great change of all—that we were to become in some
mysterious way, affiliated with the sun—to become
literally Sun-Gods. For since the very beginning of
our being, the sun had been with us, working on our
surface. In the misty dimness of the pre-cambrian era,
the sun had shone down upon the sea-plants, sponges,
and worms which formed the sole inhabitants of the
earth at that time. And so through the palaeozoic era,
when the humble crustacea, first land plants and in-
sects appeared; when during the Silurian era fishes
and amphibia made their appearance; when reptiles,
provided with rocks by the carboniferous era, com-
menced to crawl; when birds and flowering plants were
able to exist through the Jurassic and Cretaceous
430

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

periods; and when Mammalia commenced to multiply
. . . through all these eras, through many millions
of years, the sun had done its faithful duty.

  For, by the light of the sun, those changes were ac-
complished which enabled life to evolute. And there
could be no doubt that the first man, primitive crea-
ture though he must have been, sunned himself in the
gentle solar heat, and afterwards worshipped the
source of much life and light.

PERHAPS, as all these thoughts flashed through my
mind, I realized that we were not meant to be
snuffed out of existence like this. The sun’s job was
not yet finished. Science, working hand in hand with
truth, had many more things to accomplish . . .
And even while I was dreaming thus, a pale, fiery tint
shot across the sky. It was the last of the day.

  At that moment also my eyes became rivetted in
amazement on the Heavens above me.

  As I said before, I could see the tops of two trees
from my recumbent position in the cave. One of
these trees, the one on which the pigeon cote was
built, seemed to be swaying dangerously. It was as
if something or somebody were attempting to climb
up the trunk, but had not the strength to do so.
While I was staring at this, I became suddenly aware
that I could still hear the faint persistent cooing of
the pigeons within. It was not exactly a cooing, but
now as I listened more closely, it began to resemble
a low humming sound, a low drone, like the buzzing
of a giant bee.

 In a flash ... I knew! It was the humming
. . . it was the buzzing—for I knew that no crea-
ture could live in that terrific heat—it was the dron-
ing of machinery. In that cote, up that tree was
hidden the machine, the machine that could save the
world.

  I gripped Phillipa in a clasp of iron. She opened
her eyes in terror, and shrank away from such ve-
hemence.

  “God give me strength, Phillipa,” I gasped, for it
had become suddenly very hot. “Fve got to climb
that tree.”

  I saw the frantic look of incredulity on her face
change to something else. She thought I was a mad-
man.

  "Dear heart,” I whispered, for my breath was wheez-
ing from me in my excitement, “I’m not mad. You’ve
got to help me climb that tree. The machine is in
that tree."

  I saw scepticism wrestling with conviction in her
eyes. And then I saw that conviction had won. She
rose to her feet and we rushed giddily together to-
wards the stairs leading up to the hallway. And
then we both stopped together, petrified, frozen to the
spot with terror. For facing us from the doorway,
leering at us diabolically with bloodshot eyes, was
Greely—Greely the madman, murderer of Eden.

  Phillipa shrank back with a scream of horror. I
stood, with beating heart, and faced the madman. I
knew that he would have a maniac’s strength, and that
my feeble efforts against his would be useless. I had
never been robust at the best of times, and this man’s
strength would now be equal to two men. My only
hope lay in Villiers’ steely wiriness. And Villiers lay
with a broken leg—helpless.

  Phillipa’s scream had aroused him, and he had raised
himself on one arm, and was trying to scare Greely
with his terrible eyes. But the man was too demented
now to be frightened by anything less than brute
force.

  “I've got you- now—all of you,” he shrieked in de-

The

moniacal fury. "You thought you had me—but I’ve
got the lot of you now.”

   “Villiers, old man,” I said in as natural a tone as
I could muster. “I have discovered that the machine
is in the pigeon house up the tree. Phillipa will help
you climb while I head him off from the doorway. Try
and slip through when I engage him, and I will keep
him down here if I can.”

   I saw Phillipa, out of the corner of my eye, for I
never stopped watching Greely, cross over to Villiers,
and he groaned as she helped him to his feet. Then
I sprang blindly at Greely and felt for his throat.

  As soon as we closed, I knew that his maniac’s
strength would be too much for me. To and fro we
swayed. He forced me back on the floor, and his
great fetid hands tore at my throat. But I saw Vil-
liers and Phillipa slip through the doorway.

   I had Greely’s shaggy hair in both hands now, and
I held on to it with all my might. I felt it rip and
tear as it came out in handfuls. But still I held on
with all my strength, for upon my grip depended the
fate of the entire world ... I held on until my
sight grew dim, and until little sparks of light danced
before my eyes, and a vast humming filled my ears
. . . preceding oblivion.

SUBCONSCIOUSLY I knew that the sun had risen,
and that the hand of the Almighty was upon us!
Across the sky from horizon to horizon, for the first
time in the history of the world, the vast aura of
gaseous flame which girdles the sun, could be seen.
But still, for some marvelous reason, the earth con-
tinued to pull away from the sun, so that if the power
of the machine was throttled, there was a chance that
we should swing very rapidly back into our orbit.

  An unbearable heat burst upon us. ' Perspiration
burst out upon me. My body grew limp, and so did
that of my adversary. A furious delirium possessed
me' as I heard the sound of the beating of my own
heart. I caught a glimpse through a red mist of a
black figure swaying backwards and forwards on the
top of the tree outside the cave.

  . . . Suddenly Greely was thrown violently from
me. Like a catapult he was precipitated against the
rocky walls of the cave, and I heard his skull crack
like a nut. A cataclysmic convulsion shook the earth.
•The ground beneath my feet trembled, and I heard a
great moaning like the rush of a mighty wind.

   Sick and giddy, I turned my eyes towards the ceil-
ing. I saw that the pigeon cote had been battered
in, and that a torn and shapeless thing, oddly like the
figure of a man, hung from the tangled tatter of glit-
tering bulbs and globes suspended from the tree . . .
Villiers had fulfilled his last great trust faithfully
. . . And I knew also that we were saved . . .
saved! And I fainted away.

   When I came to, I was still lying on the floor of
the cave. A great quiet surrounded me, but above,
through the vent in the dome of the ceiling, I could
hear a rushing, dripping sound. It was raining out-
side, and it continued to rain for three whole days.

  Somehow I managed to stagger up those steps and
fetch Phillipa’s inert body into the dryness of the
cave. We remained there until the rain stopped—
three days later. Then we emerged to gaze on a
curiously quiet and brown-looking world. Not a ves-
tige of verdure remained.

   It seems impossible now, all that I have told, when
I sit in the cool glory of sunlight in our garden. But

I	am never sceptical nowadays of what scientists tell
me. For theirs is a great mission—a mission never
to be fulfilled until Heaven and earth pass away.

End.
The Menace

431

By DAVID H. KELLER, M. D.

(.Concluded from page 417)

 on to say that these men were taken to the edge of
 the city in an automobile and started out on their ex-
 ploration. They had a wireless with them so they
 could report their observations as they went along.

   “Then came the most astonishing thing!

   “There was not anything to report!

   “There were no insane people!

   “But here and there, all over the city, and in the
 rooms and halls of the houses were little piles of dust,
 with now and then a gold tooth or a filling. That is
 what made them understand. See what had hap-
 pened. The gold filling amid the little piles of dust.
 Then scientists were sent in, trained observers and
 chemists. They studied the entire problem from every
 joint and they finally arrived at one conclusion:

    "They reported that during all these years, the sleep-
 ers had been slowly using up their store of vitality, or
 energy, or whatever it was that kept them alive. Then,
 when the drug was changed, they became awake and
 started in to walk and talk and probably fight. This
 required a great amount of energy. In a short time
 they expended all they had. They simply dried up and
 died. There must have been something else, however,
 as there was not a trace of clothing or bone left and
 the scientists felt that there had been a spontaneous
 combustion of some kind. They could not explain it,
 but the dried bodies must have burned because around
 every little pile of white ash there was a trace of
 carbon, especially noticed on the streets.

   “The Government is making an elaborate report on
 the matter for distribution, but I have not received a
 copy. What I have told you is just a preliminary
 statement Washington has sent out by radio to the
 newspapers.”

   “Then nothing happened? The sane people were not
 harmed?”

   “No. Of course they might have been if the awak-
 ened insane had lived longer in that excited state, but
 they died too soon to do any damage.”

  “But what will the Government do to the new cases
of insanity?”

  “That is the interesting thing. They believe that
there are going to be no more new cases. For nearly
forty years every person that was criminal, alcoholic,
syphilitic or with psychosis was put to sleep. They had
no children. Only the superior adults, perfectly clean
in soul and body, were allowed to marry. The special-
ists say there will be no more mental diseases in the
United States because there will be nothing to pro-
duce them. We live in the open, avoid the use of
glass, bathe in sunlight and live clean.”

  Taine scratched his head in deep thought. Finally
he said:

  "We shall not have to even take care of the sleepers
any more?”

  “No. There are no more sleepers and there will be
no more!”

  Taine laughed at that:

  “It seems often that there really is a controlling
destiny. Every time these criminals started to harm
our country it ended in good. It makes me more of
a Presbyterian than ever.”

  “Have you been able to find out anything about
them?”

  “Yes,” Taine replied, seriously. “I know that they
will never bother us any more. Still, I am sorry about
that, in a way. I always felt so well when I was after
them. Seemed somehow that it kept me young. Per-
haps, though, I can find something else to keep me
busy, even if the United States is one hundred per
cent perfect. Can you tell me when the next steamer
sails.for California? I am anxious to see my children,
and grandchildren and most of all, my wife.”

  In the years that followed, Ebony Kate delighted in
telling the little Taines how their grandfather and she
had fought those white-black-boogers. Whenever they
asked him for the truth of the stories, he always said
that old Mammy knew as much about it all as he did.

The End.

Your Viewpoint

EQUILIBRIUM AND FLOATATION IN THE “NEW ATLANTIS.’*

Editor, Amazing Stones Quarterly,	air pumps and sea cock! on the bottles, the	A. Hyatt Verrill, Fitz-James O’Brien. Mr.

  I have been an enthusiastic reader of your 'sligM«t weight, even a small airplane, will dis-	Gcmsback’s "Baron Miinchhauscn" contains excel,

magazine, both Monthly and Quarterly, since the !url> |I'IS equilibrium, and will sink the structure	lent science and logic.

‘irst issues. 1 am wholly in favor of your present	in ? short time unless a very attentive engineer	The Green Splotches" was the best story pub-

method of publication, and I consider the stories "Ram establishes balance, 1 here is no reserve	Iished in the Monthly, in my opinion, but had

to be first rate in their line	buoyancy in a steel pontoon which just displaces	a rather weak ending.

  But-now conics the dirt—I have been grinding °«"	!„a1?ci!,a ,,?,ddJi!onal wei*h.1	. ‘ ll0Pc th“l ,his 1fllcr is "°> <«. long or too

my teeth at a few stories you have published,	"ably sink it. I would be very much	dull to merit spaco in your Reader’s department

'S tfbe1' that,°th'c	^

entire principle of the seaport which the author	Again, the author says that onc*third of the	' : nyarauucs and theory of floatation of the

describes, is absolutely impractical. The prin-	bottles will float the structure; yet all are in	2 absolutely correct. The standards which

ciple of floating bodies is the displacement of use. Back to the old principle. An object dis-	submerged pontoons are what Jake

their own weight of water; that is, a body will	placing more than its own weight of water will	°! , • ^ll>; weights of airplanes; the ob-

float if it displaces its own, or more than its	float. Hence the bottles will come to the surface	,hc Pontoons immersed to a great

own weight of water, and will sink if it displaces	)“5> “ as Archimcdcs, and I wouldn't envy	lc|'' I”,1*® “* l5'and very great part

6	Mr. Hodge his position on board his topheavy	d"'c effects of, the ocean waves.

 Now Mr. Hodge has a number of steel bottle.	X*Kife^W''SSftSSSS?:

which are hollow and equipped with seacocks and	Mr. Hodge can write, though, I must say, and	closely to that of the floating whistling buoy Its

air pumps. These displace more than their weight	aside from Ins poor physics the story is very well	principle would be carried out in a wav' bv

of water, and consequently are buoyant On	written. I hope to see more of his work.	whistling buoys floated upside down. The large

these is balanced a heavy structure which forces	The editor is to lie commended for his selec-	submerged pontoons steady it- the tubas •iiinnnft

them down until they arc forty feet below the	tion of material for the magazine. Some of the	ing the upper structure by rising or subsiding take

surface. Their buoyancy delicately balances the	authors I like particularly are: H. G. Wells, a	care of the airplanes. A rather large model’acru-

hcavy superstructure. Even granting that this	top-notch fiction writer, but a poor historian;	ally built by its inventor, Mr Arm.!™, .ii.

nice balance could be obtained by the use of tho	julcs Verne, Edgar Allan Toe, Garrett P. Serviss,	stantiatcs this theory fully.—EDITOR
432

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

There's the Man Who's
Holding You Down

  Yes, sir! There's the man. You
  ace him every time you look in the
  mirror. His name isn't Brown or
  Smith or Jones but Y-O-U. He’s
  your real boss. He's the man who
  decides whether your salary will
  be $35 a week or $100 or $150.

Ip vou want, to get ahead there’s just one sure way
to do it—tram yourself to do the day’s work better
than any other man in the office. Ability is bound

cpondencc Schools will prepare YOU for the position
you want in the work you like best. All it takes is an
nour n day of the spare time that now goes to waste.

   At least find out how by marking and mailing the
 coupon that has meant the difference between Failure
 end Succcss to so many other men. It doesn’t obli-
 gate you in any way to fill in this coupon, yet it may bo
 tiio means of changing your entiro life. Do—it—now!

  ___Wr ito^forjF ree^Bo ohlct____

  INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

“The Universal Vnlttriltv”

Box 7144-C. Scranton, Pcnna.

Without cost or obligation, pleaso send mo a copy of
your booklet, "Who Wins nnd Why," and full particulars
about tho subject be/ore which 1 have marked X:
BUSINESS TRAINING COURSES
(English

 iduslness Correspondence
 Show Card and Sign
 Lettering
 Stenography and Typing
 Civil Service
 Hallway Mall Clerk
 Common School Subjects
 High .School Subjects
 Illustrating
 Cartooning

Industrial Management
Personnel Management
Traffic Management
Accounting and C. P. A.

  Coaching
Cost Accounting
liookkeeplng
Salesmanship
Secretarial Work
Spanish □ French
Advertising

TECHNICAL AND INDUSTRIAL C0URSE8

                            Architect

                            Architects* Blueprints
                            Contractor and Builder

   Electrical Engineer
   Electric Lighting
   Mechanical Engineer
   Mechanical Draftsman
   Machine Shop Practice
   Railroad Positions
   Ga* Engine Operating
   Civil Engineer
   SurvcylnK ar.d Mapping
   Metallurgy □ Mining
   Steam Engineering □ Badlo

 Architectural Draftsman
 Concrete Builder
 Structural Engineer
 Chemistry Drharmacy
 Automobile Work
 Airplane Engines
 Agriculture and Poultry
 Mathematics

Name..................................................................................-

Street Address.....................................................................-

City.............................................Stato..................................

 7/ vou reside in Canada, send this coupon to tho Interna-
 tional Correspondence Schools Canadian, Limited, Montreal

Friendly Criticisms of Our Stories

Editor, Amazing Stories Quarterly,

  Have just finished reading the second edition
of the Amazing Stories Quarterly, which I re-
ceived yesterday, and it is in every way 100 per
cent better than the first. Keep it up. I note
it is not quite as far behind time as the first,
so I believe you will soon catch up, and get all
editions of it out on time.

  Following is in discussion of the contents of
the first (Winter) edition:

  The best story, to my young mind was “The
Moon of Doom”; it certainly was an aid to my
vocabulary, and there was not a dry moment
in its reading. Best of luck to Mr. Bell. The
story had just about the right length for a tale
of its kind, I think. The science in its was excel-
lent, especially the treatment of the atmospheric
cone between the moon and earth. But how would
the moon's approach to the earth cause the latter
to speed up on its axis? I think the increased
tidal drag would cause the opposite effect.

  “When the Sleeper Wakes” came, in a closo
second; Mr. Wells was at his best in it. The idea
of the Moving Ways must certainly be very good,
since a number of your other authors have fol-
lowed it.

  •'The Atomic Riddle” was a great help in my
chemistry. (I'm taking it at the Senior High,
now, and it brushed up my knowledge of atomic
characteristics and structure.)

  "The Golden Vapor" was a little drawn out
for the action, but it seemed to _ fit in anyway.
While the purpose of the hero is the same ps
in “Radio Mates,” the treatment is entirely dif-
ferent.

  "The Puzzle Duel” and "The Terrors of the
Upper Air” were btfh intensely interesting.

  And now, ye second edition falls under the
hatchet.

  The best story in it, and the best story I have
read since “The Moon Pool” is “The Second
Swarm” of Mr. Schlossel. It is a distinct de-
parture from the ordinary stories of that kind.
For this reason it seems much more plausible
than the other stories I have read of the same
type. The bringing in of music made it entirely
beautiful, for I sense a close connection between
music and the thoughts. The last two motifs
from the overture to ‘‘William Tell” seem to fit
in particularly well here, especially the second
from the last. You have heard these, I am cer-
tain, and a little listening on the phonograph w«H
bear out what I mean. Again I wish to commend
the author. Long live Mr. Schlossel I

  "A Modern Atlantis” was a close runner-up. It
seemed to be the most likely story of all of them.
The idea of releasing protons for the purpose
has not been ventured upon by any other author
to my knowledge.

  “The Vibrntor of Death” came next as an ab-
sorbing short story. The paragraph on the effect
of rapid vibration on the heart was tho best fea-
ture of the story in my estimation.

  And now, “The Nth Man” of Mr. Flint. It is
an entirely original piece, although I expected
it to be somewhat like Mr. Wertenbaker’s ‘‘The
Man From the Atom,” but it was entirely dif-
ferent. Hero arc a few questions on certain fea-
tures of Mr. Flint’s story:

  When Mr. Pendleton £"The Nth Man”) reached
a weight of a few hundred tons, how was he
able, to obtain his supply of chemicals for sus-
taining the glandular stimulus causing his pro-
digious growth? A probable answer might be
that these chemicals were cheap and common. Also,
when he becamc a few miles in height, wouldn’t
his voice bccomo proportionately low in pitch so
that it would sound not like ordinary speaking as
heard through an amplifier, but like a scries of
terrific bursts of thunder, with no intelligible
words? But enough of that. It is sufficient to
say that the story beats any I have read for a
long time, and it is due for many more readings.

  Mr. Vcrrill’s “The King of the Monkey Men”
was better than many of his stories, even though
it resembled "Through the Crater’s Rim” some-
what. (I’m sure I’ll disqualify myself dragging
Amazing Stories into this letter.)

  Now I’ll use the rest of the space in "Your
Viewpoint” to other aspiring correspondents like

me (If this ever lands in it). It probably won't,
because this letter contains nearly all favorable
criticism, which I know you have become tired of.
Best of luck to the Quarterly.

                         Francis D. Ufllcman,
                         Camden, N. J.

Travel on
“Uncle Sam's” Payroll
RAILWAY POSTAL CLERKS
MAIL CARRIERS

$1700 to $3300 Year

         Many U. S, Government Jobs obtainable
 MEN-WOMEN, 17 Up	s H 0U|mDmeoiATELYUP°"

Steady Work Ato Layoffs Paid Vacations

  ... j- 
         
COUPON->*>—* ,'franklin institute

 S Dept. GI95. Rochciter N.Y.
 Sirs: Hush to mo WITHOUT
 4F CIIAROE FREE 32-pago book
 with list of U. S. Government posl-
 tions open to men and women and full
 particulars tolling how to get them.

      * Namo .
      Address---

  (This letter speaks for itself and we are almost
afraid to publish it because it is so complimen-
tary. We certainly arc delighted to have elicited
such a letter from one who is evidently a think-
ing reader and it is to this class of reader that
our stones arc particularly addressed. It is a
little curious that “The Nth Man," which has
been criticized unfavorably by some of our read-
ers, pleases you in spite of the discrepancies
which you find in it. It certainly is not easy to
combine imagination with mathematical exactness
and we candidly think that our authors produce
a very good blend of these qualities, opposite as
they are in nature.

  With reference to the question of speed of ro-
tation of the earth, whiph you ask about, we
quote from the astronomy text book “The Splen-
dor of the Heavens”:

  “The sun and moon pull all portions of the
earth towards them, but they pull most strongly
those, portions that arc nearest to them. Th'c re-
sult is a certain distortion of the earth’s surface:
v Ia.k.f p,acc cvcn *n the solid ground, but
tho mobile water of tho ocean yields more readily,
and so shows more tidal motion. These tides act
to a very small degree as a brake 011 the earth’s
rotation, which is becoming slightly slower; as a
result the moon is very slowly increasing its dis-
tance from the earth.”

  This implies that if the moon were brought
nearer to the earth, the earth would have to ro-
™.,VLStCr	ou! '1" 'aw expressed in the

S-EDITOR)'"'" ‘5 aCCCP":d by a" aS,r01,<"

Good Variety in Amazing Stories

Editor, Amazing Stories Quarterly,

  I have been a reader of Amazing Stories
since the first issue. I have never missed a copy
yet, and I must say it is a great deal improved.
I always thought original material is much bet-
ter in a current magazine, because most follow-
JSr 1. „8ae?t,Sff,on ..have already read most of
‘Wells and ‘Verne” stories. I don’t think we
get enough of the magazine. I think it should
QuAterues!^Monthly”; it’s a long time between

        t&,vyfcty ^Akazjng Stories—a little
, «»ch—;and I certainly do enjoy the humorous
stones. I don t think there’s anything more en-
tertaining than a humorous Scientifiction story. I
think the greatest story you ever printed was “The
second Deluge.”

Francis Vaillancourt,

                   91 Fisher Avenue,

.... . , White Plains. N. Y.

  (We received many opposed opinions on the
frequency of publication of Amazing Stories,
some wanting it every month, and others twice
a month. We thought we made a happy com-
promise in publishing an enlarged Quarterly.
cutting the Gordian knot, by striking a rough
average and giving sixteen issues ©very year.
The Quarterly and Monthly arc kept separate,
being really two distinct publications. The
specific object of the Quarterly is to take care of
longer stories and to give them complete in each
issue.—EDITOR)

GET THIS MODEL

airplane BOOK!

Explains tho principles of flying;
gives plans and instructions for
building Gliders and Racers: full
information on easiest way to build
and fly Models of Famous Planes;
also contains most complot© cata-
log of parts, materials, supplies
for Model builders. G4 pages;
maned anywhero r*
for---------- 5C.

Ideal Aeroplane & Supply Co., Inc.

                   24-28 W. 19th St.. New York City

How to Obtain

A Perfect Looking Face

  My latest improved Model 25 corrects now ill-
shaped noses quickly, painlessly, permanently
and comfortably at home. It is the only nose-
shaping appliance of prccise adjustment and a
safe and guaranteed patent
device that will actually
givc# you a perfect
looking nose. _ Write for
free booklet which tells you
how to obtain a perfect
looking nose. M. Trilcty,
Pioneer Noseshaping Spe-
cialist,

Dept. 31 JO Binghamton,
They Laughed When I Sat Down

At the Piano
But When I Started to Play U

  ARTHUR had just played "The Rosary.”
The room rang with applause. I dc-
jL jL cided that this would be a dramatic
moment for me to make my debut. To the
amazement of all my friends, I strode con-
fidently over to the piano and sat down.

   “Jack is up to his iild tricks," somebody
chuckled. The crowd laughed. They were
all certain that I couldn't play a single note.

  "Can he really play?” I heard a girl
whisper to Arthur.

  "Heavens,-no! " Arthur exclaimed. "He

never played a note in all his life____But

just you watch him. This is going to be
good."

  I decided to make the most of the situ-
ation. With mock dignity 1 drew out a silk
handkerchief and lightly dusted off the
keys. Then I rose and gave the re-
volving piano stool a quarter of a turn, just
as 1 had seen an imitator of Paderewski do
in a vaudeville sketch.

  "What do you think of his execution?"
called a voice from the rear.

  "We're in favor of it!" came back the
answer and the crowd rocked with laughter.

Then I Started to Play

   Instantly a tense silence fell on the guests.
The laughter died on their lips as if by
magic. I played through the first few bars
of Liszt's immortal Licbcstraume. 1 heard
gasps of amazement. My friends sat
breathless-spellbound I

  I played on and as I played I forgot the
people around me. I forgot the hour, the
place, the breathless listeners. The little
world I lived in seemed to fade—seemed to
grow dim—unreal. Only the music was real.
Only the music and the visions it brought
me. Visions as beautiful and as changing as
the wind-blown clouds and drifting moon-
light that long ago inspired the master com-
poser. It seemed as if the master musician
himself were speaking to me—speaking
through the medium of music—not in words
but in chords. Not in sentences but in
exquisite melodics!

A Complete Triumph!

  As the last notes of the Licbcstraume
died away, the room resounded with a
sudden roar of applause. 1 found myself
surrounded by excited faces. How my
friends carried on! Men shook my hand—
wildly congratulated me—pounded me on
the back in their enthusiasm! Everybody
was exclaiming with delight—
plying me with rapid ques-
tions. . ."Jack! Why didn't
you tell us you could play like
that?” . . . Where did you
learn? — “How long have
you studied?" — "Who was
your teacher?”

  "I have never even seen
my teacher." I replied. "And
just a short while ago I
couldn’t play a note."

  "Quit your kidding,”
laughed Arthur, himself an
accomplished pianist. “You've
been studying for years. I
can tell.”

  "I have been studying only a short
while," I insisted. "I decided to keep it a
secret so that I could surprise all you folks.”

  Then 1 told them the whole story.

  "Have you ever heard of the U. S. School
of Music?” I asked.

  A few of my friends nodded. "That's a
correspondence school isn't it?” they
exclaimed.

  "Exactly," I replied. “They have a new
simplified method that can teach you to
play any instrument by note in just a few
months.”

How 1 Learned to Play Without a
Teacher

  And then I explained how for years I had
longed to play the piano.

  "It seems just a short while ago," I con-
tinued, "that I saw an interesting ad of the
U. S. School of Music mentioning a new
method of learning to play which only aver-
aged a few cents a day! The ad told how a
woman had learned to play the piano in her
spare time at home—and without a teacher!
Best of all the wonderful new method she
used, required no laborious scales—no heart-
less exercises—no tiresome practising. It
sounded so convincing that I filled out the
coupon requesting the Free Demonstration
Lesson.

  "The free book arrived promptly and I
started in that very night to study the
Demonstration Lesson. I was amazed to
sec how easy it was to play this new way.

Then I sent for the course.
"When the lessons started I
found it was just as the ad
said—as easy as A.R.C! And.
as the lessons continued they
got easier and easier. Before I
knew it I was playing all the
pieces I like best. I soon will
lie able to play ballads or clas-
sical numbers or jazz, all with
equal case! And I never did
have any spccial talent for
music I”

  Play Any Instrument

You, too can now teach your-
self to be an accomplished
musician—right at home—in

half the time. You can’t go wrong with this
simple new method which has already shown
almost half a million people how to play
their favorite instruments by note. Forget
that old-fashioned idea that you need special
"talent." Just read the list of instruments in
the panel, decide which one you want to play
and the U. S. School will do the rest. And
bear in mind no matter which instrument
you choose, the cost in each case will be the
same—averaging just a few cents a day. No
matter whether you are a mere beginner or
already a good performer, you will be inter-
ested in learning about this new and wonder-
ful method.

Send for Our Free Booklet and
Demonstration Lesson

  Thousands of successful students never
dreamed they possessed musical ability until
it was revealed to them by a remarkable
"Musical Ability Test" which we send en-
tirely without cost with our interesting free
booklet.

  If you are in earnest about wanting to
play your favorite instrument—if you really
want to gain happiness and increase your
popularity—send at once for the free book-
let and Demonstration Lesson. No cost—no
obligation. Sign and send the convenient
coupon now. Instruments supplied when
needed, cash or credil.

U. S. School of Music, 2588 Brunswick
Bldg., New York City.

U. S. School of Music,

2588 Brunswick Bldg., New York City.

Please send me your free book "Music lissom in
Your Own Home." with introduction hv Dr. Frank
Crane. Demonstration Lesson and particulars of
your easy payment plan. ! am interested in the
following course:

Have you above instrument ...............

Name................................

(Please write plainly)

Address ................................

City ......... .....State .........

Pick Your
Instrument

 Piano	vitlln

 Oroan	Clarinet

 Ukulele	Flute

 Cornet	Saioohone

 Trombone	Haro

 Plceolo	Mandolin

 Guitar	'Cello

Hawaiian Stool Gullnr
Si aht Slnolna
Piano Accordion
Vrire and Speech Culture
Hnrmnnv and Cemooilllon
Drums and Trnoi
Automatic Finaer Control
Banjo (Plectrum. 5-Strlno
of Tenor)
fRADIOl

[NEEDS

[TRAINED.

[men ri

Mail This FREE COUPON Today

 Find out quick k
 about this 1(1
 practical way /wr>:
 to big pay Jri'

In tho .™lh:	iiomuie,	>■ T |fy

west. I am nvoraglns	*1 V	'

   ,,SV,’.K. T"!™.. Washington. D. C. 'WNMmfe'

   522 GubiIiIudo St..	J 1 ,	/f

      San Anielo, T«M. J

Employment Service to all Graduates

*”*“ Train You
at Home to Fill
a Big-Pay
lioJob

*375 in 0n« Month's
Soaro Tima

  "Recently 1 made 137 «
  in unr month in my
  marc tlxn** lintalllnc.
  servicing. selling Radio
  ! In vo carnM
  ••ntiuch In nnc week t*j
  pay for my coursc.”
  Karlc Cummings.

IS WVIuter St..
Havorhlll. Man.

SSOO a Month

 "When I enrolled I
 w*< n imitoriiian on a
 trolley car. Now I
 i 'ivi <\ fine. fast grow-
 Int Radio htndnrat of
 my own. I liavo 12.800
 l'i the i»mk mill about
 MOO worth of Rad In
 stork. I made It all
 ilnre gradual Inc less
 than six month* ago”
 Rl hard Riitler.

Ills No l?»h St .

Philadrlohu. Pa.

$450 a Month

 "I am ocMrnlfnjC
 KOFI. In addition I
 work In the larsnt and
 heat equipped Radio
 shoo In tlii* south-
 west. I arn averaging
 11.10 u«*r month.'*
 Krank M. June*.
 022 Ouadalune St..
 San Angelo. Texas.

 Radiojol

    I f you arc earning a penny less than $50 a week,
 send for my book of information on the opportuni-
 ties ill Radio. It’s FREE. Clip the coupon NOW.
 A flood of gold is pouring into Radio creating hun-
 dreds of big pay jobs. Why go along at §25. $30
 or $45 a week when tlte good jobs in Radio pay
 $50, $75 and up to $250 a week? "Rich Rewards
 in Radio" gives full information on these big jobs
 and explains how you can quickly learn Radio
 through my easy, practical home-study training.

    Salaries of $50 to $250 a Week
 Not Unusual
 The amazing growth of Radio has astounded the
 world. In a few short years three hundred thou-
 sand jobs have been created. And the biggest
 growth is still to come. That's why salaries of
 $50 to $250 a week arc not unusual. Radio simply
 hasn't got nearly the number of thoroughly trained
 men it needs.

     You Can Learn Quickly and Easily
 in Spare Time
 Hundreds of X. R. I. (rained men arc today making big
 money—holding down big jobs—in the Radio field. You,
 too. should get into Radio. You can stay home, hold vour
 job, and learn in your spare time. Lack of high school
 education or Radio experience are no drawbacks.

Many Earn $15, $20, $30 Weekly on the
Side While Learning
I tcacb you to begin making money shortly after yon
enroll. My new practical method makes this possible.

I give yo	. ...... .......

  von to build practically every type of receiving set known.
  M. E. Sullivan, 412 73rd St.. Brooklyn. X. Y.. writes,
  "I made $720 while studying." O. w. Page. 1S07 21st
  Avc,. S. Nashville. Term. “I picked up S93S in my
  spare time while studying."

       Your Money Back If Not Satisfied
 My course fits you for all lines—mnmifaclruiug. selling,
 servicing sets, in business for yourself, operating on board
 ship or in 3 broadcasting station—and many others. I
 hack up my training with a signed agreement to refund
 every iiennv ot your money if after completion you arc
 not satisfied with the lessons and instructions I give you.

      Act NOW—64-Page Book is FREE
 Send for this big hook of Radio information. It has
 put hundreds of fellows on the road to bigger pay ami
 success. Get it. Sec what Radio offers you. and how
 my Km ploy men t Department helps you Ret into Radio
 after you graduate. Clip or tear out the coupon and
 mail it RIGHT NOW.

 YT; M . I«ii

J. E SMITH Pres.,

Dept. 7Q4,

 National Radio
 Institute,

Washington, D. C;

 You can build
 lOO circuits with
 the six big outf its
 of Radio parts

|I give you

 3 of the lOOyou
 can build

  J. E. Smith. President.

 Dept. 7Q4, National Radio Institute.
 Washington, D. C.	...

 Dear Mr. SmithSemi me vour KREE
 book * Rich Rewards in Radio," giving informa-
 tion on the big> mmicy opportunities in Radio
 ami your practical method of teaching with
 six Radio Outfits. I understand t|jis places me
 under no obligation.

Name .......................... Ajtc......

Address ...................,................

City ...................... State.......