TWO NEW SERIALS ',EC,N,N

THIS ISSUE

THE

ARGOSY

FOR AUGUST

DON’T FAIL TO READ IT

  “The
   Fugitive”

             A story to make the heart beat with
             emotion; a tale of love and adventure
             and mystery told with vigor and snap

 IT BEGINS IN THIS NUMBER

I hi: frank a munsev company, flatiron building, fifth avenue, new yokk.
PEARS'

  FAMILY ■SOA P

Any baby will
be happy after
a bath with Pears1
Soap. It is because Pears’
is a healing balm to all scalds and chafing
which make baby uncomfortable and peevish.

    By the continued use of Pears’ Soap the tender skin
of the infant becomes as smooth and soft as velvet and
aglow with health and beauty.

    The reason is that Pears’ Soap is pure. It contains
no poisonous or irritating ingredients. It would be
impossible for Pears’ Soap to be other than healthful.

Of All Scented Soaps Pears’ Otto of Rose is the best.

 All rights secured.
The Argosy for August

One Complete Novel

THE ELEVENTH RIDER. A story in fourteen chapters of war-time in
    Mexico and the mystery arising out of an inn-keeper’s vow of
    vengeance...........................................................f. k. scribner 1

Six Serial Stories

THE FUGITIVE. Part I. A modern romance in the Holy Land, in-
volving the mystery of an American who seems to be a villain, and

culminating in the massacre at Damascus......ALBERT payson terhune 70

MAROONED IN 1492. Part I. A plan to serve the Past with the ad-
vantages of the Present, and the harrowing experiences that fell out

to the participants......................................william WALLACE COOK 90

THE HOODOO RANCH. Part II. An inheritance that was unex-
pectedly come by, miraculously reached, and which staggered its

possessor when finally viewed...........................SEWARD w. HOPKINS 112

DOWNING THE KING-PIN. Part III. A conspiracy against a Wall
Street manipulator which found itself astray and wrought fear and

frenzy aboard an ocean liner.............................MARCUS D. RICHTER 128

WHO AND W'HY ? Part III. A story of college life with a tragic start

and an atmosphere of solution-defying mystery........BERTRAM lebhar 151

THE BLACK SMUDGE. Part IV. Russia in the present, and the thrilling

experiences of an American in a ducal conspiracy......j. AUBREY TYSON 168

Nine Short Stories

THE SPACE BETWEEN................................. ALICE GARLAND STEELE   62  
A SPECULATION IN SHIRTS..........................  L. H. BICKFORD........ 84  
THE MURDER OF EBEN CANNIFF.................        .W. BERT FOSTER......  107 
DIXON'S VENETIAN DODGE.........................    MATTHEW WHITE. JR...   125 
THE RUN ON THE HERDSMAN’S...................       .EDGAk FRANKLIN......  142 
PROFESSOR JONKIN’S CANNIBAL PLANT.....             HOWARD R. GARIS......  164 
THE TALE OF THE TRUTHFUL UNFORTUNATE.earleashleywalcott                   180 
HOW BLEVINS MADE GOOD........................      .CHARLES CAREY........ 185 
A PLURALITY OF BURGLARS........................    .EDWARD A. MOREE....   189 
A GREAT RAILROAD SERIAL will start in the SEPTEMBER ARGOSY.

It is called

“BLOCK TOWER SEVEN”

and is written by Jared L. Fuller, whose “Flight of the Red Arrow” was
so popular with our readers. All who ride on railroads, everybody who is
employed on railroads, and all those who admire a story of action, mystery
and force, will be mightily pleased with “ Bl.OCK TOWER SEVEN.”

ISSUED MONTHLY by THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY. Flatiron Building, Fifth Avenue. New York.

ENTERED AT THE NEW YORK POST-OFFICE AS SECOND-CLASS MAIL MATTER.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

 fcmnss nsnusc w***8
 DlSTlliEJ^ ,

Hayneb

YOU ARE SURE

IT IS PURE

 When you buy HAYNER WHISKEY, it goes direct to you from
 our own distillery, one of the most modern and best equipped in the
 world, where we make an average of 9,580 gallons of Pure Whiskey
 a day. It doesn't pass through the hands of any dealer or middleman
 to adulterate, so you are sure it is pure and at the same time you save
 all dealers'profits. That’s why HAYNER WHISKEY is so good and
 pure, and yet so cheap. That’s why doctors recommend it and hos-
 pitals use it. That’s why we have over half a million satisfied
 customers, including U. S. Senators, Foreign Ambassadors, Bankers,
 Business and Professional Men in every section of this country, the
 very people who want the best regardless of price. That's why YOU
 should try it. Your money back if you are not satisfied.

  HAYNER

 WHISKEY

4 FULL $£.20 EXPRESS
    QUARTS O PREPAID

OUR OFFER will senrl you in a plain sealed ease, with no marks to show
contents, FOUR FULL QUARTS of HAYNER WHISKEY for
$120,ana we will pay the express charges. Take it home and sample it, have
your doctor test it every bottle if you wish. Then, if you don’t And it just as
we say and perfectly satisfactory, Bhip it hack to us AT OPR EXPENSE and
your ?:i.20 will be promptly refunded. How could any offer be fairer? You
don’t risk a cent. Write our nearest office and do it NOW.

      K/AnZ.K Cta1"- C°r*' *rlahn' Mont., Nev., N. Mex., Ore., Utah, Wash., or
                                      »4.« *	P«p«ur MQuirts

      THE HAYNER DISTILLING COMPANY,

 DAYTON, OHIO. ST. LOUIS, MO. ST. PAUL, MINN. ATLANTA, GA.

    DISTILLERY, TROY, OHIO. ESTABLISHED ISflrt.

 h' antWer‘"^ tHu advcrtiscmtnt it „ ,UstrabU tha, you	Tl|R Argo5v
TIIE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention The ArGQSY-

Beer is a food product and •

agree that

 Pabst

Blue Ribbon

               The Beer of Quality
represents the choicest and most palatable infusion of
hops and malt which the science of modern brewing has
produced. The Pahst malting process takes twice as
long as the old method, hut it produces a rick and
mellow hrew of exquisite flavor and absolute purity.

Boftled only at the Brewery in Milwaukee.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTIONS.

 f Vacation Mon ey?%

      You will want a great many things that you won’t be able to get
      without money—a canoe, a sailing boat, or perhaps a camping outfit with the
      necessary expense money. C But whatever it is you want, it will cost money, and
      we show*you howto earn it—easily. Cl Thousands of boys no smarter than you
      are making from $2 to $15 a week, selling

  The Saturday Evening Post

      Friday afternoons and Saturday mornings. Even if you made only a few dollars
      each week, think of the number of things you could buy with it, or how quickly
      you could save a large sum of money. It won’t cost you anything to start — we
      send you ten copies FREE which you sell for 5c a copy. This will give you a
      working capital of 50c with which you can buy a further supply at the whole-
      sale price, then the profit is yours. It will surprise you how easy it is to
      earn money for yourself in this way. C Sit right down now and write
      for the full outfit, including the free copies and our great little book,

    Boys Who Make Money.” C As an extra inducement we offer

                    til CA IN EXTRA CASH PHIZES EACH MONTH
                            TO BOYS WHO DO GOOD WORK

    THE CURTIS PUBLISHING COMPANY
    2933 Arch St., Philadelphia

TO PROVE that Daus’ “Tip Top" is
•I'e best and simples! device for making
100 copies from pen-written and 50
k copies from typewritten original, we
will ship complete duplicator, cap
i V. SJ“’ without deposit m ten (10)
gjjX days' trial.

[OB, discount of or $5 net

Duplicator Co.

NEVER-LOSE KEY TAG

tJiiujtuaJly novel and practical. Only key tut; wht'li makert It w>‘ fur the
fiirlrr to leturii |l)nt k*;yfl without coat or
Iniruiivrnu-m'r. Two |im:h btnceil to-
EiftfoT- Name, adiSrVM nml poatntre on
InnlUi! Plmler "Imply reveraca nml drop*
In ueareat mull box Avolila maMlI,
of offering rrwaril fur return, (•■■rnuin
Mltrr, h&ndaomely fnadc. 24 rt«- Mwt-
paid. A rrnU wanted.

C. E. LOCKE MFQ. CO.. 5S Spruce St., KENSETT, IOWA

In answering any aavertiument on this page it ,s dt sir able that you mention Tub Argosy.
TIIE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

DON’T SHOUT!

  “The Morley ”

makes low sounds atid whispers
plainly heard. A miniature Telephone
for the Ear—invisible, easily adjusted,
and entirely comfortable. Over fifty
thousand sold, giving: instant relief
from deafness and head noises.
THERE ARE BUT FEW CASES OF DEAFNESS
THAT CANNOT BE BENEFITED.

      Write for booklet and testimonials.

THE MORLEY CO., Dept. 70,

34 South 16th St., Philadelphia

BE A NURSE

1 o the earnest. sympathetic, womanly woman who wants to be independent
and accomplish something. 110 vocation oilers so congenial and profitable a
neld as that of the Trained Nurse. Our courses specially prepared for home
study and containing all the most modern ideas, qualify you. without loss
of time, tor this work. Our graduates arc earning from $15 to $30 per week.
Ours is the oldest school teaching nursing by mail, anil the only one having
a physician in chargc anti attending to all correspondence. Book describ-
ing five courses sent free ai your request,

Ghicaco Correspondence School of Nursinc, 832 46 Van Buren St.Chicaco

STUDY

LAW

  AT

HOME

 The original school. Instruction by mail adapted
 to every one. Iteeognized by courts and educators.
 Experienced and competent instructors. Takes
 spare time only. Three courses—Preparatory,
 Business, College. Prepares
 for practice. Will letter your
 condiUon and prospects in
 business. Students and grad-
 uates everywhere. Full par-
 ticulars anil special offer free.

 The Sprague

 Correspondence School
 of Lair,

 <14 Itajrstlc Bldg, Detroit, Hlieh,

HORT STORIES

  bring blfrh prices. Thousands of good stories
  defective in some particular, which might
  easily be remedied, make up the great mass of
  I' rejected manuscripts.” Our School of .Jour-
  nalism, in charge of successful authors,
  short-story writers, magazine contributors,
  criticises, corrects and revises, as well as
  teaches how to write. Write for booklet
  .NATIONAL COKItKSrONDKNCK INSTITUTE,
  23-51 Soeond National Hank Bldg., Washington, P. ('.

UST

 tan uv jvii,iu it 0111:11

POSITIONS

PAYt

  The I'. S. Government has thousands of steady
  positions paying good salaries, for those who
  can pass the Civil Service examinations. We
  can lit yon, at a small cost, to pass these
  “	- examination sand

                      qualify you for a
    good place. It is ne-
    - - — - - — cessary only Uiat you
    b< an American and over 18 years of age.
    Write at. once for free Civil Service Booklet.
    International Correspondence Schools,
    Box 800 C, Scranton, 1*0.

 TALENT

 rso, you owe It to your-
 self to develop it. Nearly every
 lagazine in the country is calling for
 'original material. Wecau makeyotia Jour-
 'nalist by mail. W rite at once for free particulars.
 Spruffue Corrcupondence School of JournBlUm,

 3 50 Mnjcotle ltalldlng, Detroit, Mich.

 Illinois, Chicago,.t>28 Fisher Building.

What School ? WE CAN HELP YOU DECIDE.

 Catalogues and reliable information concerning: all schools and
 colleges furnished without charge.

_Amkhicax Schooi & Cmia.t; A<.encv. •

     New Yokk, New York, Box IF, 19 Union Sq.

Our Free Booklet on Music Learning

 at Home for Piano. Organ, Violin, Guitar, Banjo, Comet and
 Mandolin. Tells how you can learn to play any instrument at small
 expense and without leaving vour home. It is free and will interest
 you. Send your name to U. .S. School ok Mush ._

     Pennsylvania, Lebanon.

     Growing demand for opera-
 paying positions guaranteed grad-
 es. Illustrated catalogue FREE.

     Eastern Schooi. op Tvijigkaphv. Box 24, Lebanon, Pa.

Telegraphy

Money in Advertising

  The greatest, most profitable, most enjoyable
vocation for young men and women of the right
calibre is advertising. Never before has there
been such a demand for the skilful advertiser.

 Consider that some 30,000 publications
receive about a billion dollars annually for
advertising; that hundreds of new houses
depending 011 advertising are constantly swel-
ling the business ranks; that more millions
are expended for booklets and other advertis-
ing literature ; that countless new fortunes
are being piled up through a scientific use of
printer’s ink ; that even staid old institutions
from banks to law are joining in this great
advertising race for more profit, and a faint
idea will he gained as to the splendid oppor-
tunities awaiting the skilled ad writer.

  In the great work of fitting ambitious people to
eain double and quadruple ordinary salaries, the
Powell System of Correspondence Instruction
stands alone. My graduates are everywhere,
filling the best positions, and showing what is in
store for others. It is the onlv System heartily
endorsed by America’s advertising authorities and
by the greatest advertising journal in the world.

 My two free books, "Net Results" and
Prospectus, explain the situation and tell ibout
the achievements of my graduates. They also
indicate how business men can swell their profits.
For free copies address me,

George H. Powell,1530 Temple Court, New York

TAUGHT TO BEAT EXPERTS

  Naturally it takes quite an
extended stretch ol imagination
to believe that one is able in
one year to take up the study
of advertising, take part in an
advertising contest, and win out
in competition with noted men
in the business, conduct Iwo
successful advertising cam-
paigns and become advertising
manager of a daily paper.

  These are the actual accom-
plishments in my case, and due
entirely to the Powell System.

It is my belief that any person
who makes up his mind to study
advertising, and who " hustles
while he waits," can do as I
have. Sincerely yours,

WH.StTTKI.BEIlG.Wiuliington.I'a.

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The Argosy.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION._

 ■f JAKE this the best summer of your life.
 Spend your spare hours in the delightful
 work of gettingup advertisements—it’s
 positiveH' fascinating—and as the days pass
 you will be gradually learning a business that
 can put you in the class of men earning from
 $5,000.00 to $10,000.00 a year and more.

 You can do this work by correspondence, and
 never miss an hour from your regular business.

   There is just one way to learn advertisement-
 writing and that is to study with the " Original
 School ”—the one that graduated Frank R.
 Fuller, the well-known advertising man of New
 York ; Ed. C. Barroll, the independentad-writer
 of Southern Missouri ; J. B. VVestover, the
 chemist, of Houston,
 Texas; A. E. Wildgoose,
 the Dye-Works advertis-
 ing manager of Philadel-
 phia ; Mr. S. Ford Eaton,
 of Tacoma, Washington ;
 M. Seelig, of Pittsburg,
 Pa.; W. S. Brown, of San
 Francisco ; S. B. Fahne-
 stock, Secretary & Treas-
 urer of McPherson Col-
 lege—these and hundreds
 of other men, scattered
 from coast to coast, some
 in high positions when
 they enrolled, and others who rose through our
 training from the most ordinary positions to
 posts of responsibility with correspondingly
 large salaries. The sc hool that has made men

        J. W. FISK
Advertising manager for
K K rick son, veneral mer-
chandise, of (.scan aba, Midi.
Hewn* a window trimimi in
Deadwood, S. I) , when he
begat. the study ot adyeitis-
ing with (lie Page-Davis Co.

Earn from $25.22 tc
$100.22 a weel

                successful,or increased the success <
                those already at the top in their v»
                ; j rious lines, is the school to teach ybi
                j Follow successful men—not fai

                -/ ures.

           You have as much time at your di
           ~~~ posal as a street car conductor had, we
           was working 12 hours a day but found time 1
           study advertising with us and is now gettir
           $3000.00 a year as advertising manager.

              You can spare the money as easily as a yout
            man did who received only $8 a week, $6
            which he used to support his mother; but 1
            joined our school and his income is no
            $4000.00 a year.

              You have as much natural ability as a bund
            wrapper we educated for this business who
            now advertising manager of a large conce
            on $1200.00 a year.

             You are as well educated as a newsboy ^
           taught to write advertisements who is now
           the head of a $250,000.00 corporation.

             You have as much practical business expe
           ence as a physician we enrolled who is nc
           making over $5000.00 a year as advertisii
           manager.

              This is not a machine-
           like institution where all
           are put through identi-
           cally the same course of
           study. Each student's
           qualifications, education
           and past experience are
           taken into account, and
           lie is given the training
           lie individually needs to
           make him a success in
           this business.

              For those who are weak
           011 English, we have a
           special course they must first go through,
           all the things you think are drazobacks a
           will hud easily overcome.

Some can learn it more quickly than otht

 Advertising manager
the Jno. Tea. Delah.iy C(
pariy, of New Ore.ins,
When he enrolled lo
course of study with
I’age-Davis Company he
a clerk in a tea stoie.

In anruttritig ,hn a„v<rtnfme„t it U d*,irab!< that yOU Mention Thk Akgosy.
TIIE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

  This is a photo-
  graphic repro-
  duction oi a list
  of our successful
  students, which
  we issue each
  month. It proves
  beyond all ques-
  tion the practica-
  bility of Page-
  Davis instruc-
  tion. It shows
  how Page-Davis
  students secure
  positions. W e
  will send you on
  request the orig-
  inal of this list of
  names and sup-
  ply you with new
  names each
  month.

bjrt time is not the impor-
tant thing. We want our
Students to become quali-
fied whether it takes a
lktjcr or short time. What
difference does it make to
vpu in ten years from to-
day whether it took a
month or two months
onger if the result is sat-
sfactorv. You are given
ill the time you require to
uake you proficient.

If you are at the bottom
limb up. Don't stay
vhere you are—you can
lo better and we will help
•ou.

If you have reached the
op in your own line, you have the ability
:> reach the top in advertising, and when
ou do your income will be far greater
Uan it now is

 If you are in business for 3'ourself, you
hould by all means study advertisement-
•riting with us in order to push }-our
usiness rapidly ahead.

 When business gets slack at this time
f the year, every other employe knows he
lay be let out. but the advertising man
as no such fear—his services are always
needed. Often he be-
comes so A-aluable
to the firm that he is
taken into partner-
ship. This has oc-
curred with a num-
ber of our students
—among them, C.

M. Thurmond, part-
ner and director in a firm
incorporated for $75,-
000.00 at National Stock
Yards, 111.; M. B. Martin,
partner and director in a
firm incorporated f o r
1.500.000.00 at St. Louis, Mo.; E. C. Smith,
r., given a fifth interest in one of the largest
epartmeut stores in S. E. Missouri—and mail}'
tliers scattered here and there over the length
nd breadth of the United States.

 This practical education will not only fit you
)T the best business in the w'orld, but it will
lake you see w'ays of promoting your own

KDW1N HAKKIS

Advertising manager for
fS. Simmon-, seed iner-
>»ji( and grower, of Toronto.
1 uiada He was in the flour
i id feed business before he
K'tpared for advertisement
r-ritinjr in the Page - Davis
atool.

business or making your services of
greater value in the position you are now
in. It instils business jiidgment ami
understanding of conditions which pre-
vail to-day. Many business men advanced
in 3'ears take this course for a thorough
brushing up in modern methods. If you
are to keep to the front, you must have
this necessary equipment.

        AsZangwill, the noted English author,
     said, ou examining our course of instruc-
     tion : “The Page-Davis School grew be-
     cause it was founded on the best princi-
     ples, and because it was fitting people to
     fill positions that were waiting occupants
     —because it was creating a supplj' to
     meet the demand.”

        You will be further
      interested to read sim-
      ilar opinions concern-
      ing our school ex-
      pressed by the world’s
      leading men—bank-
      ers, business men,
      authors.high officials,
      and representatives of
      all the foremost publi-
      cations of America—

      3’ou will find them all
      in our literature.

       Enroll now for the
     summer class and get
     the $15 Advertising
     Enc}-clopedia, in four volumes, cloth
     bound, absolutely free of cost. Write us
     for description of this set of books.

       Our new book on Advertising, 12x12
—48 pages, containing more general ad-
vertising information than any similar
work ever published, will be sent you
absolutely free of cost. Also a recent
list of emploj'ed students tarning from
$25.00 to >100.00 a week. If you are in-
terested, just enter your name on this
coupon and address

Page-Davis Co.

Address either office:

90 Wabash Ave.. CHICAGO
150 Nassau St., NEW YORK

   M. ANNIE l'OAGB
Advertising manager for
the Daily Independent,
Ashland. Ky.. was report-
er on a newspaper before
she prepared for adver-
tisement writing with the
Page-Davis Company.

NOTICE TO EMPLOYERS.
Cimrpi'na desirous of cni/nging
competent advertisement wri-
ters at a salary Of (25 to SUM)
per week are requested to
communicate with us.

Th is sert'ice is gratis. J Name

         ■‘ail'-
         ll:) » i*

".T Company

     Ch learn or
     Sew Turk

Send me without
cost your prospectus
r- and all other informa-
tion setting forth a most
profitable profession for a
man or woman to enter.

Address

 State.

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention Thb Argosy.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

■'Wto
THE ARGOSY.

Vol. XLIX.	AUGUST, 1905.	No. 1

THE ELEVENTH RIDER.

BY F. K. SCRIBNER.

A story of war-time in Mexico and the mystery arising out of an innkeeper’s vow of vengeance.

{Complete in This Issue.)

          CHAPTER I.

THE COURIERS FROM THE NORTH.

THE sun behind the Sierra Madre
was hanging a red ball in the west.
Before the door of the gray stone inn
Senor Perote stood shading his eyes
with his hand, for the white, dusty road
slanted toward the west, and from that
direction came the sounds which had
brought the innkeeper to the door.

   The rays of the sun fell full upon his
face and dazzled his eyes ; he was unable
to discern plainly what might be ap-
proaching over the main highway, but
then his ears were keen.

  Horses were nearing the tavern, and
Perote, of the fifth generation of
thrifty innkeepers, knew the approach
of horses might mean a lodger, perhaps
several, for the night.

  Of late the senor had witnessed on
many occasions a full house, but with
each inroad of guests he had grown
poorer. T^or several weeks scarcely a
day passed but a shouting, swearing
gang of cavalrymen or a company of
mounted infantry put up at the gray
stone inn, cleaned the larder, consumed
his fodder, and departed northwestward,
bidding him thank God such oppor-
tunity was given to serve the state.

  Senor Perote accepted the honor
thrust upon him with a wry face, and
thanked God—that they were gone,
leaving a roof and four stout walls be-
hind them.

      1 A

  The republic boasted no more zealous
citizen than lie, yet he wished the high-
way which joined the capital with the
main road leading to the north had run
anywhere in all Mexico except past his
dwelling.

  But, facing the west, with back to the
capital, Perote breathed easier. No
news had come of a great battle, a battle
which was to scatter the Americans to
the four winds; therefore no consider-
able force of troops could be return-
ing—probably it was either a courier or
a civilian who was approaching. If the
former, he would not tarry for long, and
the latter could be made to pay. Then
Perote, being a zealous Mexican, wanted
to hear ucavs from the front. Why
should he not be interested when he had
helped to feed half the cavalrymen who
were going to drive the Yankees back
across the Rio Grande?

  The cloud of dust, arising like a puff
of smoke from the highway, grew
larger; from this cloud came into view
two horsemen the red and green of
whose uniform proclaimed them soldiers
of Santa Anna, members of that peer-
less body of Mexican cavalry upon which
the president depended to rout the in-
vaders.

  Senor Perote passed his ljand across
his chin — a sign that he was disap-
pointed. The cavalrymen drew up
their horses before the door.

  “ God speed you, senor,” said one
soberly; “we are glad to be here.
2

THE ARGOSY.

Nothing has passed our lips since morn-
ing”

  “Yon ride trorn the north, senors;
can it be possible the invaders are
already vanquished ? suggested Perote.

  u Curses, no! " growled the elder of
the horsemen. a On the contrary,
three of our battalions have been cut in
pieces; we are hastening to summon out
the third reserve/’

  Perote crossed himself. It seemed
incredible, what he heard.

  The cavalrymen had dismounted and
were stamping about, with an accompa-
niment of jingling spur and saber, to
ease their cramped limbs.

  “ Then you are going to the capital ? ”
asked Perote.

  “ No; to Chaleo. There we will meet
a courier who will carry the order the
remaining distance. Oh, Santa Anna
has thought of everything. He whom
we are to meet will have a fresh horse,
while ours are scarcely able to stand on
four legs. We deliver the order, obtain
a night’s rest and return to the army.
In the mean time the other is riding like
the devil to the capital, and to-morrow
the reserve will be on their 'way.”

  “It is wonderful! ” cried Perote.
“ In Santa Anna the republic has found
another Napoleon. He is but biding his
time to cut the Americans to pieces.”
One of the riders shrugged his shoul-
ders. He had seen a regiment of the
despised Americans put to rout five
times its number of Mexicans, and
behind this meager advance guard of
eight hundred men was General Taylor
and a horde of the invaders.

  “ It is three hours’ ride to Chaleo,
and we cannot tarrv here all night,”
broke in the second cavalryman, pausing
in the act of rolling a cigarette.

  Perote took the hint.

  “ I will hasten, senors, to put before
you such as I have, but—there is no one
here to look to the horses. My boys
have run away to join the army.”
The cavalryman with the cigarette
lighted it, calmly blew a puff of smoke
toward the setting sun and began to
unbuckle his saddle girth.

  “ Go inside, my friend; wo will attend
to the horses,” said he lightly, and, re-
moving the heavy ornamented saddle,
threw it on the ground.

  Senor Perote entered the gray stone
building, passed through one room and
opened the door of another. A man who
had apparently been sleeping upon a
long bench started up, blinking through
the semi-gloom.

  Perote' closed the door softly.

  “ There are without two cavalrymen,
couriers from the north,” said he
shortly.

  The man sat upright and pushed back
the matted hair from his forehead.

  “ They are going to the capital ? " lie
asked.

  “To Chaleo; but there is to be a
courier from the capital awaiting them.
He will carry forward an order to sum-
mon the third reserve.”

  “And why the third reserve? Has
there been a battle ? ”

  Senor Perote spread out his hands.

  “ So it would seem, and three bat-
talions cut in pieces! Mother of God ! ”

  The man rose from the bench, crossed
the room, and looked out between the
slats which covered the lower part of the
window. He was swarthy, small, agile,
and moved with the softness of a cat;
his eyes were set close together, and his
hair was straight like that of an Indian.

  Looking between the slats, he studied
the two soldiers outside until Perote
became impatient.

  “ As you see, some one has come,
Senor—Senor—IJrrea. Havel not fol-
lowed instructions and done your bid-
ding? Two cavalrymen have ridden in
from the north, and—I have awakened
you.”

  “ So you have said: two couriers rid-
ing to summon the third reserve,”
answered Senor Urrea without turning
his head. Then he added: “ And they
will depart when they are satisfied.” *

  Perote grumbled and shifted from
one leg to the other. His companion
turned from the window.

  “ Perhaps it were well that these fine
cavalrymen, sent to call out the third
reserve from the capital, are not easily
satisfied. Perhaps it were better they
remain here until morning,” he said
calmly.

  1 erote stopped, one hand upon the
latch of the door.

  “ But do they not carry an order from
Santa Anna himself? Are not the men
THE ELEVENTH RIDER.

3

of the third reserve needed to supply
the place of the battalions which were
cut in pieces? ” he muttered.

  “That is as you understand It. To
ride to the capital from this inn requires
eight hours; from here to the headquar-
ters of the general is the same, or more;
to ride, then, for sixteen hours, and with
horses that are weary.

  “ Now, if they should break down on
the .way, what then ? It is better, my
good Senor Perote, that these cavalry-
men wait until morning, when both men
and horses can travel to better advan-
tage.”

  “ But they ride only to Chaleo—
three hours—where a courier from the
capital awaits them," expostulated
Perote.

  “ And you believe that ? Last night
I passed through Chaleo. It was before
midnight, yet no one was in the street,
no lights shone from the windows. It
was dark and silent there because—be-
cause Chaleo is deserted. The men
have gone northward to the frontier;
the women close their doors and crouch
hidden in the shadows, after dusk,
because—they fear to hear the tramping
feet of the American invaders.”

  “In Chaleo? Mother ' of God!”
Perote made the sign of the cross.

  ►Senor IJrrea continued calmly: “It
is more than possible, and it is evident
you do not understand this people from
the north; but I, who have been many
times among them, am not fooled so
easily”

  Perote’s mouth was hanging open;
he moistened his dry lips, swallowing as
he did so. His companion continued
with awful calmness:

  “You may well fear, for, listen, my
friend: 1 can tell you what others do
not know. Men say the horde of the
invaders is in the north and Santa Anna
lies between it and the capital, but there
are some who have penetrated into
Mexico. It is not safe for one man or
even a small number to ride forth at
night.”

  Pfrote stared in blank terror at the
speaker.

  If it should happen he awake some
night to find the house surrounded by a
band of hostile horsemen! He shud-
dered.

  The face of Senor Urrea was impas-
sive, but when he spoke he seemed
dreadfully in earnest.

  “ Listen,” said he. “ I rode from
Chaleo last night on business for the
government; scarcely an hour on my
journey and I perceived I was being
followed. At the end of every rod I
halted and looked back, for something
seemed to be rustling the bushes. Each
rock, a bunch of grass, a tree seemed to
be the hiding-place of an unseen animal,
of wolves, or the crouching figure of a
man. Finally I slipped into a narrow
path and waited. The night was dark
and I saw no one, but voices came to me
out of the blackness—voices whispering
in the tongue of the invader.”

  Perote began to cross himself rapidly,
completely terror-stricken at the other’s
sinister recital.

  “ You are a friend to the republic?”
asked his companion suddenly—;so sud-
denly that Perote started violently and
clutched at the haft of the knife hidden
in the breast of his jacket.

  “Who does not know that?” he
answered, and thought of the soldiers
he had quartered without exacting pay-
ment.

  “Then,” said Senor Urrea quietly,
“it is plainly your duty to detain these
cavalrymen until morning. If they are
set upon and cut down, how about the
third reserve which is to take the place
of the battalions cut to pieces ? ”

  He stepped close to the trembling
innkeeper and laid- his hand upon his
shoulder.

  “And,” said he impressively, “what
might not happen if the third reserve
failed to join Santa Anna? I will tell
you. The Americans might cut through
our lines and push on toward the capital
bv this road. And—your house is a good
landmark, my friend.”

  Already Perote saw his inn in flames,
his few remaining cattle driven off,
himself a prisoner doomed to execution
or a fugitive wandering among the
mountains.

  “ Is it, then, as bad as that? Surely
the good saints will protect us,” he
murmured in a weak voice.

  “ When it comes to cold steel and
bullets the saints have business else-
where,” Senor Urrea replied calmly.
4

THE ARGOSY.

“I was saying what might happen were
those sent by Santa Anna taken en route
to Chaleo/’

  “But to-morrow; if they travel by
daylight?” inquired Perote anxiously.

  “ That is another matter. In open
day those who lurk in the bushes will
not venture upon the high road."

  “ They must remain until morning/’
muttered Perote; then, facing his com-
panion: “But it will he no great dif-
ficulty for you to persuade them—you
who are first among the secret agents
of the government and close to Santa
Anna himself.”

  Senor Trrea shook his head.

  “ If they are soldiers, persuasion will
not stay them, nor is it likely I shall an-
nounce-myself to those of whom I know
nothing. As I have told you in confi-
dence, 1 am accounted by Santa Anna
as a man of some value to the republic;
if I am known as such by every one, J
lose that value. I cannot move in
1 his matter, but it is given you to do a
great work to-night—perhaps to save
Mexico.”

  “In God’s name, how?” demanded
Perote excitedly.

  “ By detaining ‘the two cavalrymen
here until morning.”

  “ But you say they will not be per-
suaded.”

  “ There are two ways to everything.”
  Perote rubbed his nose in perplexity.
  “ If you will tell me,” he began.

  “ If it should happen,” quoth Senor
Trrea, “that they fall into such sound
slumber that they do not awaken for
some hours, it would be morning before
they would sit again in the saddle.”

  “ Ah! ” said Perote excitedly, “ you

were saying-”

  “ That you will provide for them a

Lottie of wine, and--”

  “ A dish of beans and a Joaf of black
bread; it is all J have.”

  “ What else you please, so long as
you provide the wine, but first bring the
latter to me." said Senor Urrea, and
with great deliberation he began to roll
a cigarette.

  Filled with the thought that to save
Mexico from the invader the two cav-
alrymen must bo detained sit any cost,
Perote hastened to prepare the refresh-
ment.

  The soldiers meantime were walking
back and forth before the house, im-
patient to be on their way—the more
so because they knew they should not
have stopped at the inn, but pushed on
straight to Chaleo.

  Having prepared the beans over a
charcoal fire and set the dish with a loaf
of bread upon the table, Perote, not
without some misgiving, carried the
bottle of wine* to Seiior Urrea. The
latter received it gravely, measured the
quantity with liis eye, and took a small
glass vial from an inner pocket.

  With great deliberateness he un-
corked the vial and allowed a given
number of drops to pass from it into the
mouth of the wine bottle, after which
he handed the latter to the troubled
innkeeper.

  “ It is neither too little nor too much.
What are you staring at? ” he demanded
sharply.

  “It frequently happens that a man
dies easily; if one or both of the cav-
alrymen should have a weak heart,”
stammered Perote.

  “\ou are a fool!” ejaculated the
other. “ Do you imagine, being what I
am, I would do injury to the cause of the
republic ? ”

    It is not that; but sometimes one
may make a mistake.”

  Seiior Urrea made an impatient ges-
ture, and at that moment the voice of
one of the cavalrymen was heard, asking
why he was kept waiting.

  Perote smelled at the mouth of the
wine bottle, hesitated, and left the
room muttering under his breath.

  Being, as he was, an agent of the
Mexican government and in the confi-
dence of Santa Anna himself, why
should Senor I rrea desire to harm sol-
diers of the republic?

  He had measured the drops verv
carefully, and there was in the wine onlv
a sulhcent quantity of the drug to throw
the drinkers into a profound sleep for
some hours and being asleep in the inn
theie oil I d be 110 danger of their fall-

of^the hated Amer^nt	^

  This mental argument removed such
scruples as Perote harbored in his mind.
Sating the wine upon the table beside
I he bread and beans, he summoned the
TIIE ELEVENTH RIDER.

5

impatient cavalrymen to partake of the
meager repast.

  The soldiers attacked the food raven-
ously, out having- eaten the more solid
portion, seemed in no hurry to depart.
The wine was extremely good, and, that
thev might the more fully enjoy it, each
rolled himself a cigarette and amused
himself between regular sips of the
liquor by blowing rings of smoke toward
the ceiling.

  At the end of half an hour, Perote,
who had remained without in a torment
of doubt, ventured to glance into the
room. It was very quiet except for the
regular and heavy and clearly audible
breathing.

  The two cavalrymen, their red-and-
green jackets open at the neck, were
leaning forward upon the table, their
heads resting upon their arms. The
innkeeper felt the pressure of a hand
upon his shoulder.

  “ Go out and lead the horses into a
shed where they can safely remain until
morning,” said the soft voice of Senor
Urrea.

  When Perote had left the room and
a noise without proved he was following
instructions, the man who was in the
confidence of Santa Anna approached
the sleeping cavalrymen, felt rapidly
through the clothing of each, and,
taking a knife from the table, slit with
a quick stroke the lining of one of the
red-and-green jackets.

  In another second he had transferred
from the cut to a pocket of his own coat
a carefully folded paper.

  When Perote returned from caring
for the horses he found the house
deserted except for the two soundly
sleeping soldiers. Senor Urrea had
vanished.

  Had the perplexed innkeeper re-
turned at that moment to the shed
within which he had fastened the horses,
he might have been the greatly sur-
prised eye-witness of a somewhat start-
ling and unusual procedure.

  Senor Urrea was carefully placing a
saddle on the back of one of the horses.
Having fastened the girth, he next pro-
duced a knife, bent down and deliber-
ately hamstrung the remaining steed.
The horse kicked and whinnied with
pain.

  Senor Urrea passed out of a rear door
of the shed, leading by the bridle the
animal he had saddled.

CHAPTER II.

  THE MARTYRDOM OF SENOR PEROTE.

  It was well past midnight when the
first of tlx? Mexican cavalrymen awoke
from the stupor caused bv the drugged
wine. For several moments he stared
stupidly around him, at a loss to com-
prehend where he was or the meaning
of the heavy feeling in his head. He
put out his hand and touched the empty
bean-pot; a second later he knocked the
wine bottle off the table, and the crash
served to bring him more thoroughly to
his senses.

  Getting upon his feet, he began to
swear lustily and call loudly for a light,
and Perote, warned by the crash of the
fallen bottle that he might expect
something from his guests, appeared in
the doorway holding a sputtering can-
dle.

  “In God’s name!” cried he. “I
thought you would sleep forever.”

  The soldier blinked stupidly: then,
suddenly realizing something of what
had taken place, the volume of his oaths
redoubled.

  Snatching a huge silver watch from
his pocket, he consulted the dial by the
flickering candle light. The hands
marked a quarter to oue o’clock.

  “ May the devil fly away with you and
all that is yours!” he cried. “ You
have permitted us to sleep for six hours;
we should have been in Chaleo three
hours ago.*’

  He seized his companion by the shoul-
der and shook him violently. The
second cavalryman opened his eyes and
stretched himself slowlv, whereupon the
other, shook him the harder.

  “Get up, Yaleno!” cried he fiercely.
“ It is long past midnight. Do you for-
get the courier waiting at Chaleo?”

Yaleno gave, a tremendous yawn.

  “What courier?” he muttered, then
checked himself suddenly and stared at
Perote.

  “Ah,” cried he, “now I remember;
we were going to Chaleo with an order
from Santa Anna.”
THE ARGOSY.

  “ To summon the third reserve,” ven-
tured the landlord.

  “ That was it. And why, then, are we
here? ” demanded the cavalryman.

  Before Perote could reply a startled
cry escaped the first soldier. He was
examining the lining of his jacket, in
which appeared a rent a foot long. He
turned fiercely upon the amazed Perote.

  “So it was you? Now 3 begin to
understand—why we have been asleep.
You are a spy in the pay of the Ameri-
cans.”

  He stooped and picked up the wine
bottle, at the mouth -of which he smelled
carefully.

  “A thousand devils!” he cried, and
yanked his short saber from its scab-
hard.

  .Senor Perote retreated toward the
open door. The man whose jacket had
been cut open would surely have at-
tacked him with the saber had not the
second cavalryman interfered.

  “ Wail! ” cried he. “ If be lias hid-
den the-paper and you kill him, we may
not be able to find it.”

  Then, drawing a pistol, he covered the
trembling landlord.

  “ The paper, senor.” he said coldly.

  Perote crossed himself so rapidly that
he almost dropped the candle.

  “ I know nothing of a paper. God is
my witness, seiiors, this, is not mv doing,”
he stammered.

  “ Do you deny we have been drugged
in this accursed hole of an inn ? ”

  The click of the pistol hammer so in-
creased Perote’s fright that he began to
shake as one stricken by palsy.

  “I am a patriot,” was all he could
murmur.

  “ So it seems,” said the man holding
the revolver; “and, being a friend to
Mexico, you took the opportunity to
drug our wine and steal a government
document. If you do not return the
paper, we will kill you here. If you do
return the paper, you shall have the
benefit of a trial before judges at the
capital. It is all one to us which you
choose.”

  The landlord fell upon his knees.

  “ It was only to save you from being
taken and killed by the Amerieans I
permitted Senor Urrea to drug the
wine.” he sobbed.

   The cavalrymen exchanged glances.

   “ Senor Urrea? ” they repeated in a
breath.

   “ Jt was Senor Urrea who told me of
the danger you would run did you pro-
ceed to Chaleo after nightfall. There
are bands of Americans lurking beside
the highway.”

  “But who the devil is this Senor
Urrea? Was it he, then, who took the
paper?” demanded the cavalrymen.

  The muzzle of the pistol no longer
threatened Perote, so he became calmer.

   “ Senor Urrea is in the confidence of
General Santa Anna, t hough under ordi-
nary circumstances 1 would not mention
it. Many times he has passed through
the lines of the invader as water passes
through a sieve. If he has taken a paper
from you, I know nothing of it; God is
my witness that I speak the truth. It
was Senor Urrea himself who warned
me that you would be seized on the road
to Chaleo, and in that case the third re-
serve would not receive the order to
hasten to Santa Anna’s assistance.”

  The trembling landlord jerked out
the words piecemeal.

  “And where is this Urrea?” de-
manded the cavalrymen.

   “ God alone knows. Tie has vanished
completely,” replied the landlord
weakly.

   The elder of the two soldiers turned
to his companion.

   "It is plain this fellow is cither a
fool or is lying wonderfully/’ said he
coldly. c- In any case, it is through him
we find ourselves ruined.”

   Then, with a terrible oath:

   “For the contents of that paper the
Americans would willingly give your
weight in silver. If it "falls into' the
hands of General Taylor, Santa Anna
and our army will be cut in a thousand
pieces.”

  “And we will be Hogged to death in
the public square at the capital,” added
his companion fiercely.

   Perote’s eyes rolled so that onlv the
whites were visible.

   But it. was to summon the third re-
serve you ride to Chaleo; vou yourself
so told me, senor. Had you but said
vou carried a paper of such value to the
republic I would have defended you.
even with my life” he cried.
THE ELEVENTH RIDER.

7

   “ That is likely, and as you are going
to die, I do not mind telling you, though
you doubtless know it already. The
paper which has been taken from us
gave the strength and future movements
of the army of the republic—each com-
pany, each regiment, each battalion.

  “ What is more, if the Americans ob-
tain ' they will know of the expedition
sent inCo the hills which was to fall upon
them unawares. Oh, Santa Anna will
be pleased to learn what has been lost—
if he is not attacked and cut in pieces
before the news reaches him! Did he
not caution us to die rather than let that
paper leave our possession? Were we
not honored above all men in the army
that he sent us to the capital with so
important a message?”

  The soldier struck his hands together
in despair and rage, but the last of the
sentence was lost upon the terror-
stricken innkeeper.

  “ In the name of God, senors, of all
this I know nothing; even of Senor

Urrea-”

  “ You are either a fool or worse, and
in either case to kill you will benefit the
republic,” retorted one of the cavalry-
men savagely. “ If you took the paper
yourself or permitted another to rob
Mexican officers in your house, it is all
the same.”

  Perote began to beg piteously. Sud-
denly oue of the cavalrymen struck the
table a blow with his fist.

  “ There is one thing can be done, and
every moment is precious. It is clear
the paper is gone, but if word can be
got to Santa Anna before the Americans
make use of the knowledge it gives
them, something may be saved. Watch
this fellow. 1 will saddle my horse and
ride north like the devil. To reach
headquarters by daybreak is no great
matter.”

  “ And what will you tell Santa Anna?
That we have permitted the paper to be
stolen while we slept?” asked the other
dryly.

   “ 1 have not thought what T shall tell
him, but he must know what has fallen
into the enemy’s hands.”

  He rushed from the room. Perote
began to pluck up hope, but the sudden
return of the cavalryman threw him
into deeper terror and despair. The

face of the Mexican was white with T-age
and for a moment he could only glare
at the unfortunate innkeeper.

  “ What is it?” asked his companion
in quick alarm.

  “ One of the horses is gone, and

the other-” The .cavalryman was

almost choking with rage. u The other
has been hamstrung and is utterly use-
less,” he concluded.

  To a Mexican a good horse is one of
the first things in the world, and this
one had found his mount cruelly slashed
with a knife. He turned upon the
quaking landlord and asked in a terrible
voice:

  “And was it this Senor Urrea who
did that? I will answer ‘yes,’ for you
and Urrea are one and the same. You
shall give us the paper and afterward
you shall suffer for what I saw out
there.”

  “ But one of the horses is gone. It
was Sen or Urrea who-*'

  A violent blow on the mouth checked
the words. The next moment he was
lying on his back with one of the caval-
rymen kneeling on his chest.

  “ Go to the stable and fetch a rope,”
said the latter to his companion. “ We
will see whether this fellow will remem-
ber where he has hidden the paper.”

  When the rope was brought Perote
was bound so securely that he could
move only his head and the ends of his
fingers.

  “Where is the paper?” demanded
the elder of his captors.

  The unfortunate landlord, almost un-
conscious from terror, uttered an in-
articulate reply.

  “ As I passed the door of the kitchen
I saw a brazier of burning charcoal; get
it,” said the officer who had found his
horse hamstrung.

  His companion left the room to re-
turn with the glowing brazier, which he
set upon the floor within plain sight of
the hapless innkeeper.

  Perote watched the burning charcoal
as though the red glow fascinated him,
and he could not close his eyes. He saw
one of the cavalrymen thrust the end of
the short ramrod of his pistol into the
center of the glowing mass. Several
minutes passed in silence; the end of the
ramrod as_sumed a rosy color. The cav-
8

THE ARGOSY.

alryman gave it a turn, then stood up	pain" In°the WteheS

and said in a passionle^ voice.	cane ^ ^	which he had

“1 will ask you again—where nave
you hidden the paper ? ”

Perote uttered a cry, and, being de-
prived of speech, shook his head vio-

lently.

  “We shall see,” said the Mexican
coldly, and, with the table-cloth as a
guard to protect his hand from the heat
of the metal, he removed the ramrod
from the-bed of charcoal. The next in-
stant Perote uttered a piercing shriek,
for the red hot point of the iron was
thrust in contact with his flesh.

  “ The paper! ” demanded the cavalry-
man.

  Suddenly the feeling of terror left
Perote's body. The pain of the burn
filled him only with rage, lie closed
his lips tightly, but his eyes continued
to glare at his captors.

  The cavalrymen looked at each other.

  “ If you will not tell! ” cried one
fiercely, and lifted the iron the second
time.

  Perote gritted his teeth together, but
after a time all sense of pain seemed to
be leaving him; his head swam violently,
then he lost consciousness.

  When he opened his eyes daylight was
streaming through the window into the
room. Things remained much as he
remembered them, except the charcoal
in the brazier no longer gave out a red
glow.

  For a time he could only move his
head from side to side, for his body
seemed to be seared with lines of fire and
he remembered they had bound him se-
curely.

  Then he became aware that he could
move one of his hands. The hot end
of the ramrod had come in contact with
the cord which held his right wrist and
the hemp was severed.

  Slowly Perote loosed, one after an-
other. the bonds which held him. Care-
fully getting upon his feet, he leaned
heavily against the table, his brain
dizzy and every inch of his body smart-
ing.

  Then mechanically he began to count
the burns which he had received at the
hands of Santa Anna’s officers. Three
were upon his hands, but to these he

hung a small mirror which he had
grudgingly taken in payment for a
night’s lodging. Now he blessed the
dav when it had been forced upon him

lie passed slowly from the room and
approached the glass, dreading to look
into it, but urged by an uncontrollable
impulse. A Mexican is proud of his
good looks, and Perote was still a young

man.	.

  That which stared out at him irom
the dingv glass brought a groan to his
white lips. The face, once passing
comely, was frightfully disfigured by
two deep burns extending from the
middle of the chin upward to a point
below each ear. These burns formed
the letter X. It was as though the man
was gazing out upon the worid through
two crossed bars.

   In the first moment the luckless land-
lord gave way to a feeling of despair; it
would have been more merciful had
they killed him while his mind was
blank.

   Then the devilish cruelty of the thing
came home to him. The smarting of
the burns would cease, but the livid bars
must always rest across his face. In all
Mexico there was not a man so plainly
marked for ridicule—and pity.

  Perote remembered how a certain girl
in the far-off capital had once clung to
him when a beggar marked with the
smallpox had brushed against her in the
street.

  Suddenly the hopes he had cherished,
the goal toward which he had labored,
crumpled to ashes before his mental vis-
ion; the victim of the dread disease was
less disfigured than he.

  For a few moments he leaned against
the wall, his hands clenched until the
nails bit into the palms, despair master-
ing him completely. Then a sudden
transformation was apparent. In a
single moment Perote, the timid land-
lord oi the wayside inn, gave place to a
-man whose heart held only bitter
hatred. From being a moral coward,
fearful of suffering, he became imbued
with a spirit which would stop at no
danger or fear of God or man.

  l or some, time the Mexican stood
be! ore the little mirror and the face that
THE ELEVENTH RIDER.

looked out at him wore a dreadful smile;
then deliberately he set about uursing
his wounds with a preparation which he
knew would lessen the pain and cause
the burns to heal quickly. Having
made himself more comfortable, he pre-
pared his usual morning meal, ate it
slowly, and sallied forth to make an ex-
amination of the premises.

  As he expectcd, the body of a horse
lay in the stable; the Mexican officer had
shot his useless beast through the head,
he and his companion departing on foot,
but whether northward or toward the
capital Perote did not trouble himself
to decide just then.

  It remained for him to bury the dead
animal and set his house in order; there
would doubtless be soldiers from the
north or south passing over the high-
way, and they would stop at the inn.

  But during that day and the next it
seemed as though no other living soul
was in Mexico, for not even a rancher
called. But on the third day, near
evening, Perote, leaning against the
horse-post before the house, tossed
away his cigarette, and, going to the
little mirror, arranged the bandages
which concealed his burns.

  A party of horsemen were approach-
ing from the north, riding so leisurely
that the innkeeper knew they would not
push on to Chaleo and the capital, but
would pass the night under his roof.

CHAPTER III.

THE FTRST OF THE INVADERS.

  The new'comers proved to he a de-
tachment from the army of Santa
Anna. As they pulled up before the
door Senor Perote counted nine horse-
men, commanded by a captain of cav-
alry.

  But what riveted his attention was
the eleventh rider—a man whose hands
were bound behind his back and who
was securely fastened to the saddle by
a rope passing around his waist. The
ten Mexicans were escorting a prisoner
southward, and this prisoner was one
of the horde of invaders who had
crossed the Rio Grande to lay waste the
land.

The captive gazed down upon Senor

Perote out of a pair of cold blue eye.4,
and Perote returned the gaze- with
curious interest. The soldiers dis-
mounted, and the officer clattered
across the uneven strip of ground to
the door of the hostelry.

  He looked at Seiior Perote in a puz-
zled manner.

  “The good Senor Perote?” said he.

  Perote had housed and fed this same
Mexican not two weeks before, when he
rode northward with a hundred swearing
gucrrilleros at his back. It was evident,
however, the officer did not fully recog-
nize to whom he was speaking.

  The innkeeper smiled grimly.

  “ I am Senor Perote/’ said he quietly.

  The officer began to roll a cigarette.

  “You did not wear those decorations
a week ago, my friend,” said he.

  Perote shook his head and touched
the bandages.

  “ Surely you have not been with the
army?” ventured the captain.

  “No,” Perote answered impassion-
ately.

  “ Then it was an accident and not a
saber cut.”

  “It was not an accident, senor/5 an-
swered the innkeeper.

  “ Then what, in God’s name-? ”

  “ It was the Americans; it was lucky
I escaped with mv life.” replied Perote
calrrilv.

  The officer looked incredulous.

  “ Within eight hours of the capital.
Surely you do not mean it, seiior.”

  The prisoner, tied to his saddle, was
leaning forward, listening.

  Suddenly Perote’s face assumed an
expression of dreadful anger. The
next instant he had drawn a knife and
sprang straight at the defenseless Amer-
ican.

  One of the soldiers threw himself in
the way, another seized the uplifted arm
and a third took possession of the knife.
The officer shrugged his shoulders.

  “ Ah/’ said he, “ I can believe it was
the Americans! So they have spoiled
your beauty, my friend. But surely it
was not that one? ”

  “No,” muttered Perote; “but he is
an American. It is sufficient reason
whv I should kill him.”

  “ In time,” growled the officer; “ only
it happens he is wanted in the capital—
10

THE ARGOSY.

where are those who ask questions. If
it were not for that I would not have
put myself to the trouble of guarding
him so carefully across the country.’’

  “ Is he then a spy ? ” asked Perote,
with sudden interest.

  “ That is as you will, but in any case
he is to die; it is enough that he was
caught on this side of the Rio Grande.
The General Santa Anna is resolved to
deal sternly with certain of these north-
erners.”

  The prisoner nodded gravely and ad-
dressed Perote in excellent Spanish.

  “ You perceive, senor, what is to be
done with me—to-morrow or the next
day. But in the mean time one desires
to be as comfortable as possible. I have
eaten nothing for twenty hours and
judge that you keep an inn.”

  The officer laughed.

  “ He is a bold one, evidently not fear-
ing death; it is because of that we have
bound him so carefully. I do not mind
telling you that the poor devil has been
traveling on an empty stomach. You
see, we were short of rations.”

  Perote scowled darkly and looked up
at the prisoner.

  “ It may chance I can spare half a
loaf, but, not being a friend of the re-
public, payment will be required,”
growled he.

   Which you doubtless know I cannot
make, since your friends have relieved
me of the little money I possessed,” re-
plied the American.

  “ Then you must go to bed hungry.
Already 1 have given away more than I
can afford," said Perote coldly.

  “ And there are ten mouths to fill. I
warrant we will clean the larder for you,
my friend,’’ interposed the officer dryly.

  The inn, over which five generations
of Perotes had held sway, boasted of two
stories; it was in a small room under the
roof that the Mexicans elected to confine
their prisoner for the night. That all
possibility of escape might be obliter-
ated, care was taken to rebind his hands
securely to his sides and his, legs were
fastened firmly at the ankles.

  He was then thrown upon the rude
bed and a third rope passed across his
body and around the crude piece of
furniture.

  Perote also took the precaution to

nail a board over the window; the key
of the door was in possession of the
officer. Bound as he was, the American
could have been left in the yard with no
fear but that he would be there in the
morning.

  The Mexicans sat long at table, de-
manding much, and cursing among
themselves that more variety was not
forthcoming. As for Perote, he found
his hands full until a late hour, for after
the riders had been fed the horses must
be attended to.

  Thrice he stole up the ladder which
led to the second story and listened at
the door of the prisoner’s room. Each
time he heard nothing; the little room
was still as death.

  It was not without interest that he
watched the preparations of the sol-
diers to retire. The man who was
selected to guard the prisoner spread
his blanket upon the floor outside the
door with his feet against the panels.

  The captive could not leave the
apartment by way of the window; the
opening of the door would arouse the
Mexican; and to try his skill on either
door or window the American must first
untie the knots which it had required a
quarter of an hour to secure.

  The captain was the last to retire.
Before doing so he accosted Senor
Perote as the latter was bolting the
front door.

  “ We must be away at sunrise. It
might be wise, my friend, to give the
American a cup of coffee in the morn-
ing; we cannot have him tumbling from
the saddle through weakness.”

  Perote growled an inarticulate reply,
put out the lights and retired into the
kitchen, where, the house being full, he
had spread his bed.

  He shut the door carefully, placed a
candle close to the little mirror and be-
gan to dress the half-healed burns.
Having finished, he blew out the light
and threw himself fully dressed upon
the couch.

  For a long time he lay gazing up into
the blackness, but, after what might
have been two hours, he rose, crossed
the room noiselessly, opened the door
leading into the larger part of the build-
ing, and listened intently.

  The heavy breathing of exhausted
THE ELEVENTH RIDER.

11

sleepers came from behind the parti-
tions. Perote passed silently across the
main room and paused at the foot of the
ladder leading to the upper story.

  For several moments he remained mo-
tionless, then the faint creaking of the
ladder marked his cautious ascent. He
had now merely to thrust his head
through the opening to hear everything
that was occurring in the narrow hall
which ran the length of the building,
where the soldier guarding the prison-
er's door was sleeping.

  After a time the listener appeared to
be satisfied, for he withdrew his head
frcin the opening and crept down the
ladder.

  Having reached the lower floor, he
passed into the kitchen, took a bundle
from the table, and, unbolting and open-
ing the door leading into the yard,
passed out into the night.

  It was dark except for the light of
countless stars. Perote crossed the
yard to the stable, threw off the latch
which fastened the door, and moving
cautiously along in the rear of the
horses, carefully counted the animals.

  Fpon reaching the sixth, he stopped,
spoke soothingly to the beast, and un-
tied the rope which passed through a
ring in the wall above the manger. It
was the animal which had been ridden
by the Mexican cavalry officer that was
thus separated from its fellows.

  Having loosed the horse, Perote took
from a peg a heavy saddle, laid it upon,
the beast’s back and adjusted the girth
firmly. Having done this, he picked up
the bundle he had taken from the table
in the kitchen and fastened it behind
the saddle.

  This task being completed, he led the
horse to the door of the stable, attached
the bridle to a ring in the wall, and,
closing the door softly, stepped once
more into the night.

  TJpon the ground in the rear of the
inn lay a ladder, the same by which
Perote had mounted when he nailed the
board across the window of the room
occupied by the prisoner.

  Moving rapidly and silently in the
darkness, he now raised this ladder, car-
ried it around the house and placed it
against the side of the building under
the same window.

  At the end of another minute a faint,
rasping sound was heard. The nails
which had been driven into the board
were dropped one by one to the ground,
and Perote, descending the ladder, laid
the piece of plank upon the grass.

  Then, with the noiselessness of a
cat, he crept again upon the rounds,
listened for a moment at tlie aperture,
and stepped into the black void of the
little room.

  It required but a few steps to cross
it, and Perote stood beside the bed on
which lay the American. Had there
been light, one might have seen the
Mexican draw a knife from his belt,
bend down and feel with his free hand
for the body of the prisoner.

  The American stirred and strained at
his bonds'. Perhaps he felt the presence
of the knife in the man’s hand.

  Perote uttered a sharp, low sentence.
“In the name of God, lie quiet,
senor, and—listen!”

  The strain upon the cords ceased; the
prisoner, stretched upon his back, his
eyes wide open, was vainly striving to
pierce the blackness.

  “ Give heed, senor, for the time is
short,” whispered Perote. “You are
of those who have come into the re-
public from across the Rio Grande, and
they are taking you to the capital, that
certain ones may ask questions and
afterward kill you. Is it not so?”
“It would seem that you are cor-
rectly informed; but first they would
starve me, as perhaps also you have
observed,” replied the prisoner shortly.
Then, in a burst of subdued passion:
" What they may do to me afterward
falls through the fortune of war; but
the last—kill that miserable wretch who
denied me even a crust of black bread,
and I will die satisfied.”

  The fingers which grasped the hilt
of the knife tightened, but after a mo-
ment Perote answered calmly:

  “ I am that one—who denied you
brfore the door. Now I have come,
senor, to give you more than bread. Yet.
first, you will listen to what I have to
say.”

  The prisoner lav perfectly still, cither
from astonishment or because he did not
know what to answer.

  “ 1 desire, first of all, to know your
12

THE ARGOSY.

■same and how you were taken,” con-
tinued Perote quietly.

  ‘•'Ah!” muttered the prisoner. “It
was while on a .scout, beyond San Rafael,
and I am a Virginian—Haddon, of
Harney’s H orse.”

  “ You are perhaps an officer in the
army of the Americans? ”

  “ Yes ; a lieutenant. But I can’t see
what that has to do with the present
situation."

  “ Perhaps because it is very dark,
senor, but outside it is a little lighter.
It has come about that I desire in the
army of the Americans to possess a
friend—one, if it should so happen I
appear before your General Taylor, who
will vouch for my honesty. If it is per-
mitted you to return to the ranks of the
invaders, will it be as I desire, Senor
Haddon ? ”

  “ Fll see to it that you dine with the
President in Washington and be pre-
sented with a Congressional Medal, as a
life-saver/’ answered the American lieu-
tenant so heartily that Perote glanced,
anxiously toward the door.

  “ And you will know me by-” he

began, then checked himself and drew
his breath sharply.

  “ Yes, I’ll know you/5 broke in the
lieutenant; “but for God’s sake get me
out of here. We can do the talking
afterward.”

  Perote bent down, felt for the cords,
and with three deft strokes of the knife
severed them each in turn.

  The American tried to rise, then fell
back, cursing softly.

  “ It is the weakness/’ muttered
Perote. “Drink, senor; it will
strengthen you.”

  He held the mouth of a flask to the
other's lips, and Lieutenant Haddon
swallowed a few gulps of a fiery liquor.
It burned like molten metal and set his
head reeling, but, as though by magic,
renewed strength returned into his
muscles.

  ne raised himself, caught Perote’s
arm for support, and got unsteadily
upon his feet.

  “ Gently, senor/’ whispered the Mexi-
can; “ there is one sleeping outside the
door. We must descend the ladder; a
false step may awaken those who will
form obstacles.”

  Just how he managed to cross the
room, climb through the window, and
descend the twelve feet of ladder to the
ground, Haddon to liis dying day could
not explain.

  llis head was ringing like a kettle-
drum, his arms and legs were stilf and
cramped for want of circulation, and
the liquor, taken on an empty stomach,
was playing sad havoc with his senses.

  He felt the firm ground under his
feet and was aware that his companion
was supporting him. Then things be-
came clearer, and he found himself
standing beside the stable, the door of
which Perote held open.

  From out of the darkness came the
smell of horses and the sound of their
restless movements.

  “You are about to mount the horse
of senor, the captain; it is a strong
beast, and will carry you many miles
without a halt,” said Perote quietly.

  Haddon drew in long breaths of the
invigorating night air. It cleared his
head, and he began to realize more
keenly the situation.

  Yet this situation puzzled him.
From being a helpless prisoner, tied to
an uncomfortable bed of straw, he had
been transported, almost in an instant,
to the side of a horse which was to carry
him to freedom.

  He began a question, but his strange
companion interrupted almost rudely.

  “There is strapped behind the saddle
sufficient food for two meals, and a
flask of liquor. It were better, however,
to dine upon the way, senor. At any
moment some one within may awaken.”

  “ Thank you, my friend; I shall not
forget to-night, ’ said Hadden heartily.
I hen, suddenly: “But why have you
done this, knowing me to be an Ameri-
can i Have you not said it was certain
of the Americans who gave you cause
to wear those bandages? ”

   “ I lied, senor lieutenant. It was not
the Americans who tortured me/5 re-
plied Perote briefly.

  Haddon was in no humor to seek to
gratify his curiosity further; what he"
most desired was to put as much space
as possible between himself and the ten
-Mexicans asleep in the inn.

  i erote had led the horse into the
open.
THE ELEVENTH RIDER.

13

  - The senor will ride straight toward
the north. Not until he reaches the
vicinity of San Antonio will there be
danger of meeting bands of guerrilleros/’
said he.

  “ Which 1 shall take care to avoid as
1 would the devil,” answered Haddon
with conviction.

  “ But if it should happen any oue
should desire to stop the senor, and to
ask unpleasant questions, it would be
well i<> know how to answer,” continued
Perote grimly.

  He took from his belt the knife and
a pistol and handed them to the Amer-
ican.

  “ Thanks, my friend,” said Haddon.

  He put one foot -in the stirrup and
swung himself into the saddle. As he
was in the act of gathering up the reins,
Perote laid his hand upon his knee.

  “ A moment, senor; yen have forgot-
ten something which should not be neg-
lected,” said he quietly.

  Haddon checked the impulse to urge
the horse forward.

  “It is the sign by which you may
know me afterward; there are other
Perotes in Mexico, so a name signifies
nothing. But a moment longer, senor,”
concluded the innkeeper grimly.

  And at the same instant a light flared
up between his fingers.

  The young officer looked down in
mute surprise. With a quick movement
Perote slipped off the bandages, and
held the light so that it shone full upon
his face.

  Haddon uttered a sharp exclamation.
Across the man’s countenance the dis-
figuring X showed hideously livid,
framing his face, as it were, between
two unsightly bars stamped upon the
flesh.

  At that instant the light went out.

CHAPTER IV.

SENOR PEROTE LOSES SOJIE PROPERTY.

  Senor Perote stood several minutes
in the gloom, listening to the rapidly
receding sound of hoof beats upon the
hard roadway. Then, as one who had
carefully planned out all beforehand, he
set about putting into action a deliber-
ate move.

  His first care was to take away the
ladder and return it to its place behind
the house. Having done so, he returned
to the stable, reentered it, and opened
the rear door; he then passed along the
line of horses, untied the halter of each
one, and drove the animals into the
open air.

  Returning for the fourth time that
night into the shed, he gathered to-
gether a heap of straw, struck a light,
and, bending down, deliberately applied
the ilame to the combustible material.

  Having set the spark which would
destroy a portion of his own property,
Perote hastened back to the inn, bolted
the rear door behind him, and, making
certain by glancing out of the window
that the blaze from the burning straw
had communicated with the woodwork
of the stable, he threw off his jacket.

  Then, ruffling his hair, he rushed with
loud cries into the main portion of the
tavern, calling upon the sleeping cav-
alrymen to bestir themselves.

  Aroused suddenly by so great a com-
motion, the Mexicans appeared, intense
alarm written upon their faces. The
captain seized Perote by the shoulder.

  “ In Cod’s name, senor, have they
then returned ? ” he shouted to the ex-
cited landlord.

  Senor Perote shook himself free.

  “ llow can I tell ? But it is more than
possible, for the barn is on fire,” he
cried.

  At the same moment he threw open
the front door.

  The Mexican officer was as quick to
throwr himself upon the swinging
portal and close it hastily.

  “What would you do? If the house
is surrounded by the Americans they
will rush in and take us where we
stand,” cried he.

  “Out!” shouted Perote, “and fall
upon them. Do you not perceive your
horses will be roasted alive?”

  ’. captain seized himself by the
hair.

  “ Mother of God! Yet we will be shot
one by one as we rush forth; it is as
light as day out there.”

  “ And my barn, with a quantity of
fodder and half a season’s cutting of
oats, is being destroyed,” cried Perote
excitedly.
14

THE ARGOSY.

  Then, in a terrible voice:

  “Alone I will defend ray property;
one had rather die than to stare ruin in
the face,”

  The officer, assisted by one of the
soldiers, threw himself upon the appar-
ently frenzied man. Perote struggled,
bit, tore with his nails, and bellowed
like a bull.

  At the end of several minutes the
others succeeded in subduing him, but
only at the cost of much skin and
clothing. Perote, panting, glared sav-
agely from one to the other.

  “ Cowards! ” cried he. “ The invaders
quietly surround the house, set fire to
the stable, and you remain safely be-
hind bolted doors. You will not even
allow me to sally forth and drive them
away.*’

  The officer began to calm him, at the
same time wiping the blood from his
own face, where the other’s nails had
left their marks.

  M You are crazy, my friend. What can
one man do against a company of the
Americans? ” he panted.

  “ But there are eleven of us,” mut-
tered Perote savagely.

  “ Behind these walls we may be able

to do something, but out there-”

The Mexican shrugged his shoulders.

  Perote fell upon a chair, then sprang
up suddenly.

  “ They will rescue the prisoner up-
stairs; at least, allow me to put my knife
between his ribs,” cried he fiercely.

  At that very instant the ladder
creaked loudly, and the cavalryman who
had been asleep before the door of the
prisoner’s room appeared before them.

  The American is gone! ” cried he.

  The captain seized him by the arm.

  “ It is not possible. Ten horses could
not break those bonds,” he began, but
Perote interrupted.

  “ Do you not understand?” cried he.
“ The Americans have followed you for
the purpose of rescuing the prisoner;
some have crawled quietly through the
window and untied him while you slept.
Oh. should Santa Anna hear of this! ”

  The Mexican officer turned pale.

  “ But that is not likely,” continued
Perote with awful calmness, “ for no
one will leave this place alive to tell of
it. It was an evil hour when you

stopped at the inn, else had I now been
sleeping peacefully in my bed instead of
waiting to be shot or hanged to one of
yonder trees.”

  For several moments silence reigned
in the room. Then, as no bullets came
through the windows, the Mexicans be-
gan to pluck up courage.

  “ They are afraid,” muttered one,
“ and dare not attack the house, for they
know who is inside.”

  The captain rattled the scabbard of
his saber.

  “ It will not be well for them to do
so, for they would be cut in ten thou-
sand pieces,” said he fiercely. “ Let but

one of the dogs show his face and-”

  There came a tramping of hoofs with-
out, and several dark forms passed be-
tween the window and the roaring
flames bursting from the stable.

  A cavalryman raised his carbine and
fired through the window. The tramp-
ing grew louder, then ceased suddenly.

  For a time those within the house
waited in breathless silence; finally
Perote muttered:

  “ Is it possible that one shot has
driven them away?”

  “ That shows what you know of fight-
ing; they liave only withdrawn out of
gunshot,” replied the officer knowingly.

  “ Just the same,” returned Perote,
“ I will venture out and see if they are
there. There is a rear door; I will open
it softly and creep around the house.
You can close it after me.”

  The captain thought deeply for
several moments; finally he said:

   1	ou are indeed a brave man and
should leave this tavern business, in
order that you may join the army and
use your valor to advantage. 1 will per-
mit you to go if you will be careful.

  “ It is my purpose to join the army,
]>i ovided I can obtain something in re-
turn; my father was a great fitrhter,”
answered Perote modestly.

  He passed through the building, fol-
lowed by the captain, and unbolted the
rear door. He was scarcely outside when
the bolt, was shot again in placfe.

  Perote walked a dozen rods, sat down
upon the ground with his back against a
tree, and waited for half au hour. Then
lie arose crept around the building, and
scratched on the front door.
THE ELEVENTH RIDER.

15

  After a little a voice from within de-
manded who was there.

  Perote made himself known, and bad©
them unbolt the door. After some con-
siderable delay this was done.

  “ I have been all about the place, and
there is nothing to be seen, except a
dead horse lying between here and the
ruins of the stable,” said Perote calmly.

  “ Then the Americans have lost one
of their horses, while we remain intact,”
answered the captain exultingly.

  “ Except that your horses were in the
barn,” suggested Perote.

  “Oh, the devil!” muttered the cap-
tain. “ I had not thought of that.”

  “ And the prisoner is gone,” added
Perote.

  The captain began to swear.

  “ To say nothing of my stable and a
great mass of valuable fodder,” Perote
concluded sorrowfully.

  The captain struck his hands to-
gether.

  “ Listen, my friend,” said he soberly.
“ We have all lost something to-night,
but the case with us is most serious. It
is well if this affair does not reach the
ears of Santa Anna, for he is a terrible
man when his anger is aroused.

  “ You have lost part of your property,
and keeping an inn is unsafe at such a
time any way. You will go with us to
the quarters of Santa Anna. 1 shall tell
the general that you are the bravest
man in Mexico, and the wounds on your
face will back up the statement. In re-
turn you will also do us a favor.” .

  “And what is that?” asked Perote.

  “ Hold your tongue about what has
occurred here to-night, or, more prop-
erly, agree to what I shall say.”

  “ Trial is easy enough, provided I am
not compromised,” Perote answered.

  “ How can you be? And I shall stick
partly to the truth. It will be carried
to Santa Anna’s ears that, stopping for
the night at this place, we were set upon
by a force of the Americans, and de-
fended the house valiantly.

  “It happened, however, that certain
shots from without entered the building,
and one, striking the prisoner in the
head, killed him. We can thus account
for noL taking him to the capital, for
a dead man would be of no use to those
who ask questions.”

  “ But none of your men are wounded;
if there was such a combat, how can that
be accounted for?” asked Perote.

  “ The walls protected us, and it has
been known where those engaged in
battle escaped with their lives. Do you
agree to assist us in this matter? In
return I will obtain for you an audience
with Santa Anna, which is not so easy
a matter, you may be assured.”

  Seiior Perote thought for several
moments, then agreed to what the cap-
tain had requested. After that the ten
Mexicans breathed easier, especially as
they began to suspect that no great
force of the enemy had approached the
tavern.

  It was probable that only a handful
had been in the neighborhood; these
had assisted the prisoner to escape, fired
the stable, and made oil. fearing capture
by the inmates of the house.

  During the remainder of the night no
one slept, except Perote, and the officer
awakened him at the first signs of day-
light. The Mexicans had discovered
that the dead horse in the yard was one
of their own.

  The other animals had also been
found at no great distance from the inn ;
only the captain’s horse was missing,
having either wandered away or been
carried off.

  There appeared more reason than
ever to carry a falsehood to head-
quarters, for, if Santa Anna knew the
true state of affairs his anger would be
terrible to witness.

  Perote prepared the morning meal
and set about closing the inn. This he
accomplished bv nailing boards across
the doors and windows.

  During the first hour of the journey
northward, which was necessarily slow,
for two of the horses were burdened
with a pair of riders, the cavalcade rode
in silence. Later in the morning, how-
ever, stopping to water the animals.
Perote approached the captain.

  “ I would ask you, senor. if you hap-
pen to have heard of one called Yalena
among the soldiers of the republic?” he
asked.

  “There is a Valeno at headquarters;
he happens to be related to Santa Anna
himself, but 1 do not know him person-
ally,” the captain answered.
16

THE ARGOSY.

  “ He is then something in the army
of the republic?”

  “ That is as you will; he is frequently
intrusted with important messages.

  “ I think,” said Perote carelessly,
“ that he has honored my house on more
than one occasion. The last time he
traveled southward with a companion.”
“ Oh, that must have been Captain
Amador, who also enjoys the general’s
confidence,” replied the officer, and went
on to describe the elder of the two men
who had put Perote to the torture.

  Perote rejoined the group of cavalry-
men with a curious expression on his
face; his lips moved frequently, repeat-
ing the words “ Valeno ” and “ Am-
ador,” “Amador” and “Valeno.”

  Once he pressed his fingers lightly
over the bandages which crossed his
face.

  Having watered the horses, the caval-
cade proceeded upon the journey., riding
northward toward the Rio Grande. It
was well past the noon hour when it
drew up near a small village, where the
captain had expressed his determination
to dine.

  But as they approached the miser-
able tavern, the presence of a dozen
horses in front of the door gave warning
that others were before them. And that
these were members of Santa Anna’s
army was evident, for the men who
guarded the horses were in uniform.
The captain pulled in his mount.

  “ A thousand curses! ” growled he.
“ There is to be found in such places
scarcely sufficient food for three hungry
men, and 6ee who are before us. We
shall get nothing here, that is certain.”
Still he urged forward his horse, and,
followed by his men and Perote, rode up
to the door of the tavern.

  “Where are you going?" he de-
manded of one of the men who were
guarding the horses.

  “ To the capital, senor,” replied the
soldier. “ Have you come from there? ”
“ Only part way. Are you acting as
an escort, or what?”

  “ Yes and no; but we are hunting for
certain ones, and one in particular, who
is dangerous to the welfare of the re-
public.”

  “ Of whom are you speaking—an
American ? ”

  “ Who can tell that, senor, for
scarcely any one has seen him. It is re-
ported’that he is more than half wolt,

and avoids people easily. It is said that
a certain innkeeper, between here and
Chaleo, has seen and talked with him.

  “ But surely you know something of
the man for whom you are looking, else
how will you tell when you come across
him ? ”

  “ That may be known to our captain,
but nothing'has been explained to us,
only that we are looking for a spy who
is sharper than the devil himself.”

  “ And who is your captain ? ”

  “ It is Senor Amador, who is at this
moment dining within.”

  The cavalryman behind whom Perote
was seated felt, a sudden sharp move-
ment. The ex-tavern keeper was slip-
ping from the back of the horse to the
ground.

  The captain was speaking.

  “I will join Senor Amador; we once
served in the same regiment,” said he,
and, dismounting, bade his men await
his return.

  “ This means an empty stomach until
the next village is reached; he will eat,
but we are allowed to go hungry,”
growled one of the troopers, making a
wry -face.

  Then catching sight of Perote moving
cautiously toward the rear of the tavern,
he called:

  “It is fortunate, my friend, that you
are not yet a soldier, for you can go
where you please. If you find anything,
save half a loaf for me; I will not forget
the favor.”

  But Perote did not seem to hear. He
was thinking only of who was in the
house, and that, did Captain Amador
appear suddenly, it would be better were
he not visible. The time to come face
to face with the man who had tortured
him had not yet arrived.

  In the rear of the tavern was a win-
dow, and, as Perote approached this,
voices fell upon his car. A conversation
was being carried on between the officer
he had accompanied and Captain Ama-
dor.

  “ So you are going northward? Well,
it wore better that you accompany me,
lor 1 am commissioned to pick up any
small command I. chance to meet 011 the
THE ELEVENTH RIDER.

n\

road. This is the more necessary as no
one knows the number of those for
whom I am looking.'’

  The speaker was Captain Amador.

  “There are then more than one?”
his companion inquired.

  “ God knows! But report has it that
a dangerous band of the enemy has
managed to get past our lines and is
hovering between here and the capital;
no one knows how this has happened,
but it is so to a certainty. It is my busi-
ness to overtake this pack of northern
wolves and kill or make them prisoners.

  “It is also my purpose to go to the
capital, where I hear a prisoner has been
lately taken. I desire to question him,
for through him I hope to catch the
others.”

  “ But it is commonly reported that
these Americans are not given to over-
much talking.”

  Captain Amador uttered a short
laugh.

  “ Never fear; I can find a way to open
the lips of this one. In such matters
I have had some experience.”

  The fumes of cigarette smoke floated
through the window.

  “ It is only once I failed, and then it
was because the fellow died too quickly,”
continued the other coolly.

  Perote smiled horribly.

  “ We shall see,” lie muttered.

  “Well, what do you decide?” de-
manded Captain Amador.

  “ I shall go' with you, of course,
though I am short of horses,” replied
the other.

  “ I can get you an extra horse or two.
And by the way, having come from the
south, did you see or hear anything of
the party that was conducting the pris-
oner to the capital ? ”

  “ Nothing; I must have come by an-
other way.”

  Perote breathed more easily. Tie had
feared the officer would make known his
presence with the detachment, but it
was plainly his intention to avoid all
mention of having stopped at an inn en
route.

  “ We will push forward rapidly and
pass the night at Chaleo. There is an
inn between here and there, but I wish
to avoid such places after nightfall,”
said Captain Amador.

       2	A

  His companion was thinking he would
have done better had he avoided a cer-
tain inn, and replied:

  “ Chaleo will suit me as well as any
place. When will you start? ” he asked.

  “ As soon as possible; your men need
not tarry here to dine, for there is
nothing to eat in the house; I have as-
sured myself of that.”

  Ten minutes later the two squads of
Mexican cavalry were in the saddle. The
officer whom Perote had accompanied
looked about him.

  “ Where is our innkeeper? ” he asked.

  “ I think he has gone, senor captain,
for I saw him making for yonder clump
of trees,” answered the cavalryman.

  The officer shrugged his shoulders.

  “ Perhaps he has changed his mind
about entering the army, and I have
no business to delay the journey in
hunting for him. After all, it were bet-
ter he did not accompany us. Captain
Amador has a way of asking questions/’
said he.

  It was late in the afternoon, or more
properly early in the evening, when the
cavalcade rode into Chaleo. Senor
Urrea had told Perote that the place
was deserted after nightfall; it was not
quite that, but nearly so.

  But half a score of persons were met
by the horsemen, and these skulked
past as though their only thought was
to seek a friendly shelter. But few of
the houses Avere lighted; even the bark-
ing of dogs, so common to a Mexican
town, was lacking.

  The cavalrymen drew up finally be-
fore a house somewhat larger than the
rest. It was one of the three public inns
which Chaleo boasted.

  The landlord opened the door gin-
gerly, made a wry face at sight of the
score of troopers, and then advanced to
take the bridles of the officers’ horses.

  Captain Amador gave a few sharp
orders, and, accompanied by his com-
panion in arms, entered the tavern. The
troopers dismounted, led their horses to
the sheds in the rear of the main dwell-
ing, and entered the house by a side
door.

  After a time one appeared with two
plates containing food, which he handed
to the men guarding the horses, after
which he returned to the inn.
18

THE ARGOSY.

  An hour or more passed. A watery
moon began to climb the heavens, and
a weird silence brooded over the town.
The soldiers guarding the horses swore
softly and looked at the somber out-
lines of the silent tavern and beyond to
the darker line of lofty mountains.

  They could imagine their comrades
sleeping soundly, while they must cool
their heels under the stars.

  Several hours passed. The guards,
grown drowsy, leaned against the wall
of the stable. At the farther side of
the inn, beyond their range ot‘ vision,
a window on the ground floor had been
left open to admit the night air.

  Suddenly from out of this window
issued a cry, which not only aroused the
sentinels, but half the sleeping inhabi-
tants of the town of Chaleo. This cry
was repeated; so piercing was it that,
many who heard it began to cross them-
selves. A great commotion in the
tavern arose, and several lights flashed
out.

  The officer whom Perote had accom-
panied a half day’s journey northward
ran against the landlord in the hallway.

  “ In God's name, what was that? ” he
asked in a trembling voice.

  “ It is only God who knows, senor,”
answered the landlord in a frightened
tone. " But it came from the room oc-
cupied by the senor who accompanied
you.”

  Without waiting to ask further ques-
tions, the Mexican cavalry officer rushed
to the door of Captain Amador’s room.

  It was locked, but groans sounded be-
hind the panels. The officer waited a
second, then put his knee against the
door and burst it open.

  While such things were occurring in
the house, the figure of a man dropped
lightly from the sill of the open window
to the ground and glided away in the
darkness.

  Having gone a safe distance, the man
stopped and began deliberately to clean
a knife by thrusting the blade repeat-
edly into the ground.

  When tliis was accomplished to his
satisfaction and he had returned the
weapon to his belt, he looked up, so the
faint light of the moon fell upon his
fai-e. The face was crossed and re-
crossed by white bandages, and below

the bandages the man’s lips were smiling
horri bly.

  It was Senor Perote.

CHAPTER V.

THE MAN WITH THE DOUBLE SCAR.

  The general pushed aside the map he
was studying, and, turning upon his
camp-stool, nodded to the young officer
behind whom the tent flap had just
fallen.

  What he saw was six feet of brawn
and muscle, a pair of broad shoulders,
surmounted by a sober, clean-cut face
bronzed almost to the coppery hue of an
Indian.

  “ A splendid type of the Virginian
gentleman,” commented the general
mentally; then:

  “ I have called you, Lieutenant Ilad-
don, on a case of identification: the
identification of a Mexican who claims
to possess your friendship.”

  A look of perplexity flashed across the
young officer's face.

  “ I have had occasion to meet a good
many Mexicans since coming south, sir,
but as for friendship with any of them,
that is another question,” said he
quietly.

  “ However, the man insists,” an-
swered the general, K and there was
nothing to do but to confront him with
you. A short time ago he walked de-
liberately into the lines, and when
stopped by the guard demanded to be
taken to Lieutenant Haddon, of Har-
ney's Horse. A most unprepossessing
rogue, I can assure you, sir, but the re-
quest being an unusual one, I have
ordered him held in readiness to meet
you here.”

  He struck sharply upon the table, and
an orderly appeared in the tent opening,
to whom the commander gave the order
that the prisoner be brought again be-
fore him.

  During the moments which followed,
and during which he waited for the ap-
pearance of the man who had given his
name to the guard, a clearer inkling of
the matter came to the Virginian, the
remembrance of that wild night’s ride
irorn the little Mexican inn on the high-
road to Chaleo.
THE ELEVENTH RIDER.

19

  He was not therefore surprised when
he saw before him a face so horribly dis-
figured by two livid scars that he in-
voluntarily shuddered.

  The newcomer advanced boldly into
the tent, hesitated for a moment,
glanced from the elder officer at the
table to the younger, and the light of
recognition flashed into his deep-set
eyes.

  “ It is the senor lieutenant. You have
not forgotten ? ” said he rapidly in
Spanish.

  “No,” answered Haddon. “I re-
member the—the-”

  “ The scars,” the Mexican filled out
the sentence. “ The senor remembers
what he saw that night in the light of
the burning taper? I am Perote, who
kept the inn on the Chaleo road.”

  Lieutenant Haddon turned to Gen-
eral Taylor.

  “ This man is indeed known to me,
for it was by his aid [ escaped from the
squad of Mexican cavalry by whom 1
was taken six weeks ago.”

  And he explained rapidly just what
had occurred on the night when Senor
Perote had assisted him down a ladder,
and afterward set fire to his own prop-
erty.

  When he had concluded, the general
nodded gravely.

  “ I see,” said he. “ And now the man
has come to claim your promise. If he
can explain satisfactorily his presence
in our lines, and for what purpose he
came hither, he will no longer be held
as a prisoner.”

  Haddon turned to the ex-innkeeper.

  “ The general wishes to know what
has brought you here, senor; for what
purpose you have entered our lines? ” he
asked.

  A cold smile crossed the firm lips of
the Mexican.

  “ It would take many words to ex-
plain all, senor, and it touches not the
matter, but my purpose in coming here
is to befriend the American invader. Is
not that sufficient for your general?”
said he quietly.

  “ And in what manner? You are a
Mexican, and most Mexicans are loyal,”
replied the Virginian.

  The smile which distorted Senor
Perote’s face was not a pleasant one.

  “ Let the senor rather say I was a
Mexican, and none more loyal to the
republic than I; but now—the seiiors
can see what Mexico has done for me.
It cannot be hidden.”

  The lieutenant glanced at the two
livid scars forming the bars of a cross
upon the man's visage, lie turned once
more to the American commander.

  “It is plain, sir, that his disfigure-
ment—not many weeks old, for the
wounds were fresh when I saw them
at the inn—has been given him by his
own countrymen. It is hatred and
desire for revenge which has brought
him here.”

  “ Two powerful motives, when pos-
sessed by a determined man. Tell him
to speak out,” Taylor replied.

  Senor Perote came closer to the table,
and his eyes rested upon the map of
Mexico.

  " It has pleased the seiior general to
push into many parts of my country,
even as a spider throws out his web from
a common center. Two days ago a force
of two hundred mounted men were de-
spatched to the pass of El Yidio. Un-
less rescued, their doom is certain.
Three thousand of Santa Anna's sol-
diers are marching to surround them.
It will be another Alamo.”

  Haddon translated rapidly; a look of
alarm crossed the general’s face.

  “Major Smith and his party; they
were to hold the pass until it was de-
cided whether we should push forward
that way or by a more direct route
southward.

  “It is fifty miles from the pass to
Santa Anna’s main line, and he is send-
ing three thousand men a march of fifty
miles across the mountains to capture
two hundred? If such a force fall upon
the detachment unawares it will indeed
be the Alamo repeated.”

  He paused for a moment, then con-
tinued sharply:

  “ Ask him, lieutenant, why, if lie de-
sires to save the detachment from the
Mexicans, he did not ride straight to the
pass and warn them instead of coming
here.”

  Senor Perote passed one hand softly
across his chin.

  “ To cross the mountains, the shortest
route to El Vidio, one must go on foot,
20

THE ARGOSY.

and I am not over fond of walking,
senor.

    Then there is another reason. The
Americans at the pass would not run
from their position at the word of a
Mexican. They would remain and
fortify themselves, and the result would
be the same, for Santa Anna is de-
termined, and will send two small can-
non.”

  “ Then the soldiers have not yet
started?” asked Hadden quickly.

  “ It was to be to-morrow morning,
and they will travel slowly. You see,
Santa Anna understands the method of
the Americans; such ones are com-
manded to hold the pass; he can take a
reasonable time. They will be there
when his men arrive.”

  A grim smile crossed the general’s
lips.

  “ It is God’s truth,” said he. “ Smith
will not budge short of an order direct
from headquarters. I fancied the guer-
rilleros might trouble him considerably,
but a force of three thousand men—he
must vacate the pass, lieutenant.”
Then, drawing the open map before
him:

  “ Ask him how long will be required
for the Mexicans to reach El Vidio, and
the shorted direct route across the
mountains from here thither.”

  “ It will take the soldiers two days,
perhaps a little more; in thirty-two
hours one might Beach the pass from
this place—if he knew the wav over the
mountains," answered Perote.

  The Virginian’s eyes were dancing,
but he .spoke very quietly.

  “ Might I request to 'be detailed to
carry your order to Major Smith, and
perhaps this man will act as a guide
across the mountains ? ”

  General Taylor seemed to hesitate.
-Under ordinary conditions 1 would
grant your request most willingly, but
—I have already outlined another duty,
an imperative errand, for you. lieuten-
ant. Rut if this fellow wiil consent to
guide a courier to the pass, tell him he
v. ill be amply rewarded.”

  “It was my purpose to ask you to
p.•-•company me across the mountains to
El Vidio, senor, but other duties will
hold me here. Would tou, however,
guide one who goes to warn my country-

men?” asked Haddon, turning to the
Mexican.

  Perote nodded grimly.

  “Else I did so, my time has been
wasted, for if any one went by the
longer and known way he would arrive
at El Vidio behind Santa Anna’s sol-
diers.”

  “ The fellow is terribly in earnest to
injure Santa Anna, and we can do no

  3g than trust him. See that he is pro-
vided for, and return in half an hour,
lieutenant,” said General Taylor when
Haddon had translated the ex-
innkeeper’s answer.

  The Virginian led Perote to his own
quarters.

'“You will eat and rest here until
General Taylor demands your presence,
senor. If there is anything you want,
tell me,” said he.

  Perote rolled a cigarette.

  “ Nothing but a little sleep, for I
have not closed my eyes for forty-eight
hours; the scuor has but to touch me
and I will be read}'.” The man spoke
quietly.

  Twenty minutes later, stretched upon
Haddon’s cot, his scarred face hidden
by his arm, he was sleeping soundly.

  At the end of half an hour the lieu-
tenant presented himself, for the sec-
ond time that afternoon, at head-
quarters. General Taylor greeted him
gravely.

  “ Lieutenant,” said he, “ I am in-
formed by Colonel Harney that you are
familiar with the country to the south,
and I know you converse freely in the
Spanish language. It has also come
under my personal observation that you
<iie a man of tried coolness and courage
in the face of danger; this has been con-
firmed by your immediate superiors.”

  Haddon’s face reddened under its
coating of tan. The commander con-
tinued quietly.

    1 have not, however, called you here
to pass compliments, but for n more se-
rious purpose. A vital movement is in
contemplation and—we do not care to
take a step in the dark.

  “It is imperative that a man of
known coolness and bravery be selected
to dispel this darkness. Will you under-
take to penetrate into the enemy’s
country m the character of a spy?”
THE ELEVENTH RIDER.

21

  Haddon fully comprehended the se-
riousness of the task he was asked to
undertake. That the danger was in a
degree lessened by his perfect familiar-
ity with the language „of the enemy
only increased the chance of a safe re-
turn to the American lines.

  At the best, this chance was oue
which few men would care to undertake,
for the territory into which he must go
was alive with keen-eyed Mexicans,
rendered desperate and doubly blood-
thirsty by the reverses of the past
weeks.

  Between the general’s question and
the answer, however, scarcely a second
elapsed. The reply brought a nod of
approval from the commander of the
American forces of the Rio Grande.

  He pointed to a stool on the opposite
side of the table, and smoothed out the
surface of the map before him.

  For a number of minutes Lieutenant
Haddon followed the faint tracings
which marked the territory he was
expected to explore; the blanks it was
desired he should fill in with detailed in-
formation; the exact lay of the land,each
valley and hill, the roads, bridges, old-
fashioned stone forts and more modern
earth-works, behind which the Mexicans
might hope to oppose the advance upon
their capital.

  So much he had expected to accom-
plish, but General Taylor, folding the
map, turned suddenly to him with an
unexpected question.

  “That will be your first duty, but
there is a second, and one no less im-
perative. You have heard of the
guerrilla, Mazatlan, lieutenant?”

  Who in the American lines, or in all
Mexico for that matter, had*not? The
most cold-blooded of the Mexican free
lances, a human fiend, renowned for his
cruelty, recklessness, and diabolical cun-
ning.

  General Taylor leaned forward across
the table.

  “ We have reason to believe, lieuten-
ant,” said he gravely, “ that this man
does not confine himself to leading his
followers against our forces. It has
been reported that time and time again
he has penetrated our lines, gathered
information, and returned unmolested.
By some it is believed that he is an

American in the service of Mexico, and
has thus been enabled to move freely
among us; I, however, believe him to be
a native Mexican.

  “The name Mazatlan tells us noth-
ing, for it is that of a town lying be-
tween us and the capital, and has doubt-
less been assumed for campaign pur-
poses. What this man is like, whether
American or Mexican, is what we desire
to know. If his identity can be estab-
lished, the chance of detection when in
our lines is highly favorable.

  “ At present such detection is prac-
tically impossible, because no one
among us has knowingly met the man
face to face. Those of our countrymen
who have had this opportunity, through
falling into- his hands, have been
hanged or shot within the hour. Ma-
zatlan takas' no prisoners! "

  The general paused, and the lines
upon his homely face grew stern.

  “ I want you to discover the identity
of this man, Lieutenant Haddon. If
possible, lure him away from his own
lines, or follow him into ours. The
method he employs is not warfare, but
murder, pure and simple. I desire his
capture,not only as a dangerous spy,but
as the assassin of those of our country-
men wlio have been unfortunate enough
to fall into his hands.”

  Haddon remained silent. General
Taylor continued.

  “The task which I would impose
upon you is no easy one, possibly far
more dangerous than the other: bring-
ing in information of the enemy's
forces. I want you to understand
clearly that it will not appear as a de-
sire to shirk danger if you do not volun-
teer to undertake the discovery of Ma-
zatlan. But, above all, I want you to
understand that if you do attempt to
unearth this man, you will walk with a
noose about your neck.”

  He paused. Haddon's face was grave,
and his steel-blue eyes fixed upon the
map spread out. on the table. Suddenly
he raised his head.

  “ I understand clearly, sir, and ac-
cept the service,” said he quietly.

  “ Very good! ” answered the general
heartily. “ You will start shortly after
dark to-night, and 1 desire that you
select one man to accompany you. I
22

THE ARGOSY.

leave this selection to yon., though I
should recommend a Texan. When you
have reached a decision send the man to
me.”

  When the flap of the tent dropped be-
hind him, Haddon walked slowly to his
own quarters, his mind busy with the
first details of the task before him.

  On two occasions he had entered the
Me'dean lines, but only a short distance,
and the last attempt had resulted in his
capture and subsequent rescue by Senor
Perote.

  lie did not try to disguise from him-
self the desperate nature of the under-
taking which now lay before him; not
only was he called upon to enter the
enemy’s lines., but to go, if necessary,
into the very capital of Mexico itself.

  And to carry out the identification of
the guerriUero, Mazatlan, he must min-
gle on familiar terms with the Mexicans
themselves.

  His safeguards lay in three things:
his personal appearance, which resem-
bled that of certain mountain inhabi-
tants of the southern republic; his fa-
miliarity with the Spanish language;
and his utter freedom from nerves when
placed iu a difficult position.

  For several minutes after entering
his tent he stood still, running over in
his mind the men from whom he must
choose one to act as his companion.
This companion must share with him
the requisites he himself possessed for
the task in hand, and there were several
such among the American forces.

  He would have preferred to go alone,
but the commander’s expressed desire
that he take a companion was tanta-
mount to a command.

  Doubtless the task of cornering Ma-
zatlan would become easier with two de-
termined men working together.

  Suddenly his meditations were inter-
rupted by the appearance of an orderly
in the tent opening. The soldier bore a
message from General Tavior that
Senor Perote’s presence was required at
headquarters.

  Haddon crossed over to the cot and
touched the Mexican lightly on the
shoulder. The ex-innkeeper started
violently, his hand went to his bolt
then he sat upright and got upon his
feet.

  “ The senor lieutenant has awakened

mo?” said he quietly.

  Haddon explained the general’s

order.

  Perote smoothed down his matted
hair and tightened the sash about his
waist.

  “I am ready, but it is a sorrow that
another beside the senor is to follow
me through the mountains. Perhaps it
is because I know the senor to be a
brave man,” said he.

  Haddon shrugged his shoulders.

  “ I remember when the cavalrymen
rode up to the inn on the Chaleo road,
a detail of ten men. and another—the
eleventh rider—weak from lack of food
and with his hands bound behind his
back. It was then I saw an opportunity
to strike the first blow against those who
have injured me.”

  “ And this is to be the second—the
journey to El Yidio? ” replied Haddon,
feeling he should say something.

  “ Not the second, for the opportunity
‘came to me to settle the account with
the worst of my enemies, and—I did not
fail,” replied Perote grimly.

  The thought flashed through the lieu-
tenant's mind that he should not like to
have this man, with his terrible face and
piercing eyes, for a bitter enemy. Senor
Perote looked capable of drinking the
cup of revenge to the very dregs.

  The Mexican joined the orderly, wait-
ing outside the tent.

   “ Adi,os, senor,’' said he quietly, and
disappeared.

  Five minutes later Haddon called to a
soldier who was passing.

  “Vou belong to the Third Texas?”
lie asked.

   The soldier replied in the affirmative.
" Ask Sergeant Bradley to come here
at once; official business,” said Haddon
shortly.

CHAPTER VI.

THE SHADOW OF A CHANCE.

  0* the summit of a hill which over-
looked the Acapulco road one of a pair
ot .lust-begrimed horsemen straight-
ened m his saddle and peered through

at his feet enshrouded the valley
The faint glimmer of a thousand little
THE ELEVENTH RIDER.

23

tires twinkled in the distance. The
horseman turned to his companion.

  " Yonder are the Mexicans—in front
—and the Lord knows how many are in
our rear,” said he grimly.

  Then, pointing to the south:

  “ If it were lighter you could see the
range behind which lies Casa Mata and
the line of forts stretching to Chapulte-
pec itself. On otir right, just down in
the valley there, lies Chaleo, the old
Chaleo, and you see the Mexicans are
there straight enough. We are in the
middle of a first-class hornet’s nest/’
The speaker peered through the
gloom out of a pair.of steel-blue eyes.

  Save for their color, denoting Saxon
origin, he might well have been taken
for a descendant of the old race of the
Montezumas, in whose veins flowed a
tinge of Spanish blood.

  His companion,a small.dark-featured
man, with eyes of piercing blackness,
shifted his posture in the saddle.

  “ I reckon it would be a hornet’s nest,
if they knew we were up here,” said he
dryly; “but now that we are here, what
are we going to do next? If Chaleo is
filled with Mexican regulars and cut-
throat guerrilleros, I can’t see-”

  “ We're going down into Chaleo—
first; that’s what we came for. The
man we want won’t come up here, that’s
certain,” answered Haddon calmly.

  Sergeant Bradley, of the Third
Texas, wiped the dust from the pommel
of his saddle.

  “ All right,” said he grimly. “ It’s
Chaleo, or El Molino and Chapultepec
itself, if you say so. The general warned
me what to expect if I came with you
into this God-forsaken country; but I
confess I didn’t figure on riding pell
mell into a town filled with Mexicans.”
Lieutenant Haddon smiled faintly.
He knew that if he gave the word the
little man at his side would spur his
horse madly through the main street of
Chaleo itself, trusting to luck and pure
dare-deviltry to come out safely on the
farther side.

  He gathered up the reins.

  “ We’re from up there, near the
American lines, scouting, you know,”
said he.

  “ I guess I’ve learned my lesson,” an-
swered his companion lightly. “ After

a good ten days in this infernal country,
cut loose from one’s base of supplies
and with a noose hanging ready from
every tree, I’m not apt to be rash; not
by a long sight, lieutenant.”

  “ There! ” said Haddon sharply.
“ Can’t you remember, man, it isn’t
4 lieutenant ’ this side of the outposts?
Such a break might cause us the devil
of a row.

  “ These Mexicans are quick when it
comes to suspecting every newcomer.
They march slow, God knows, and take
their time when it comes to fighting, else
we wouldn’t have so easy a time of it;
but let them suspect that something is
wrong, and they’re on edge in a minute.
Don’t make that break when we get
down there; we haven't come here to
fight.”

  He touched his horse lightly with the
spur and began the descent of the hill.
For a quarter of an hour the two men
rode in silence, for each minute was
weighted with grave consequence. Sud-
denly-Sergeant Bradley uttered a sharp
exclamation.

  “ Look there, lieu—-senor, over to the
left and coming this way!”

  Haddon pulled up his horse with a
jerk.

  “ A detachment: ten to our one—
probably a scouting party,” he mut-
tered.

  “ Looks like it, and coming straight
for this road,” replied Bradley. Then,
glancing toward the bushes on the
right:

  “ Shall we cut for it; there’s time—

 “No,” said Haddon decidedly;
“ we’ll meet them half-way.”

  He touched his horse sharply and
rode straight toward the advancing
horsemen, who, being on lower ground,
had not; as yet discovered the presence
of the two riders in the narrow road.

  Each party advancing at a gentle gal-
lop narrowed the distance between them
rapidly.

  Suddenly the leaders of the Mexicans
pulled up sharply.

 Haddon threw a comprehensive
glance at his companion.

  “ Put that up! ” he whispered sharply.
“ Those devils can see like bats after
dusk, and there would be a dozen ear-
bines covering us in another second.
Drop your hand and stop scowling your
head off.”

  Bradley uttered a surly grunt, but the
hand which grasped the pistol butt tell
to his side. Allowing their mounts free
rein, the two rode straight toward the
waiting Mexicans.

  It was not until scarcely a hundred
feet, separated them that Haddon drew
rein.

  “ Good-evening, sehors; the night
promises finely," said he pleasantly.

  The Mexicans scowled from under
their heavily braided sombreros.

  “Whence come you, senor?" asked
one sharply.

  “From the direction of the Rio
Grande,'’ answered Haddon carelessly.

  “You will ride closer. We have
orders to arrest all those who are
riding alone after nightfall and cannot
satisfactorily explain their business,'’
said the Mexican tersely.

  “ Things were not so bad two weeks
ago; at that time one might ride freely
within the lines,” ventured Haddon.

  “ But this is not two weeks ago. I
demand to know who you are.”

  “ We are of General Valencia’s com-
mand. on special duty/’ replied Haddon
promptly.

  “Have you any papers? Last night
a man, stopped two miles nearer Chaleo,
claimed to be straight from the Senor
Colonel Moliero. He is now a prisoner
and will die at sunrise.”

  During this short and sinister speech
naddon was fumbling in the breast of
his loose Mexican jacket. After a few
seconds he produced a folded paper and
extended his hand.

  The Mexican advanced a few paces
and took the document, holding it close
to his eyes in the fading light.

  After a time he looked up.

  “ This seems regular. I see you are
special scouts, senor. You are going to
Chaleo?”

  He spoke in a changed tone.

  “ For to-night only, after which we
mn-t push on to the capital. In truth,
we need some rest, having ridden for
twenty hours.”

  “Then you must have been close to
tbi- enemy’s lines. Did you learn any-
thing?”	J

ARGOSY.

   “Among other things, that the
 Americans arc undecided. I hey would
 push forward, but are uncertain as to
 which road to take.”

    Haddon began to roll idly a cigarette.
  Then he added carelessly:

    “ They are sending out scouting par-
  ties. We narrowly escaped capture by

  one of them.”

   “ So ? ” said the Mexican dryly.
 “ Well, such ones will be gobbled up
 before they have ridden far this way.
 Mazatlan will see to that.

   “Then Mazatlan is in the north?”
 Haddon asked the question with well-
 assumed carelessness.

    “ He was five miles south of Chaleo
  this morning, but while the Americans
  are riding one mile he will go five and
  strike quickly. You can depend on
  Mazatlan, senor; those scouting par-
  ties will be eaten, one by one.”

    “ Let us trust so, for the Americans
  are dreadfully in earnest. Perhaps we
  shall even meet Mazatlan as he rides
  northward ? ”

   The Mexican officer shrugged his
 shoulders.

    “ Who ran tell ? ” said he. “ But if
  you do, best stick that paper on a lance
  with Valencia’s name uppermost.
  Mazatlan kills first and examines into
  things afterward. Now, if he had taken
  the in.iii of whom I spoke, we should not
  have the pleasure of seeing him die at
  sunrise at the edge of a half-circle.”
  Haddon hesitated for the briefest sec-
  ond, then asked:.

   “ The man of whom you were speak-
 ing—I had quite forgotten about him;
 is he, then, a spy ? ”

    The Mexican was tightening his rein.
  “ It would appear so, though he can-
  not be made to open his mouth. It is
  sufficient he was taken riding through
  our army, and—a little scrubbing made
  bis face whiter. Those who stain their
  skin do so for a purpose, senor.”

    “We will tarry at Chaleo until after
  sunrise, for such a sight is worth seeing.
  The follow is confined securely?” ven-
  tured Haddon.

  “ Have no fear of that The old stone
  house in the center of the town is strong
  enough to make a good fortress.”
  Haddon saluted gravely and pulled
  Ins horse to one side. The Mexican
THE ELEVENTH RIDER.

25

touchod his own upon the flank and,
with a jingling of spurs and sabers, the
detachment of a score of men resumed
their course northward.

  They were well out of earshot when
Haddon turned and looked at his com-
panion.

  “ A close shave,” said lie tersely.

  Sergeant Bradley shifted his posi-
tion.

  •* So close I have been fingering the
trigger for the past ten minutes.
When we knocked that yellow-belly on
the head last night and relieved him of
his papers, 1 didn’t figure just how and
when we were going to use them ; and—
and—by God, sir, you’ve got nerve.”

  A faint smile touched the lieuten-
ant’s lips; then they suddenly set in a
hard line.

  “ The possession of the paper was
triply fortunate,” said he gravely.

  “ In getting us out of the devil of a

scrape, and-” His companion

paused.

  “ In locating Mazatlan, and—in fur-
nishing us with the information that a
spy from our lines is confined in Chaleo
and is to die to-morrow morning,” fin-
ished Haddon.

  A bitter look crossed his companion’s
face.

  “ I have been thinking of that. God
grant there were more of us, or the
Mexicans were fewer. If it were possi-
ble-”

  “ All things are possible/’ interrupted
Haddon soberly. “ One cannot tell
until he tries.”

  Hi's companion looked at him sharply.

  “ Surely you do not mean — in the
midst of twenty thousand Mexicans—
you arc not thinking of-” he de-
manded in amazement.

  “Of saving that man from death?
Yes; it is of just that I am thinking.
You have been in tight places, Bradley.
You wore in the Alamo, and—-you are
here,” answered Haddon soberly.

  The veteran soldier shook his head.

  “ Yes,” said he fiercely. “ I was with
those who defended the Alamo against
Santa Anna and his cut-throats. I was
there when Crockett and every mother’s
son fell fighting—when the Mexicans
wiped us out with a rain of bullets.

  “ But this is different. Desperately

wounded, 1 tumbled to the bottom of a
dry well, and if they saw me there they
thought me dead and left me to rot in
an open grave. That was one thing;
but to take a man from the hands of
twenty thousand Mexican soldiers ? ”

  Lieutenant Haddon louked sharply
into the swarthy face near his own.

   “ I have never known you to hesitate

—you who hate the Mexicans-” he

began.

   Sergeant Bradley flushed hotly.

   “ Nor do I now, sir. If there was the
shadow of a chance I would ride straight
into that town, through those howling
devils, and get that man or die with him.
But it’s the chance I can’t see. Show me
the chance and I’ll ride into hell behind
you and take him out.”

  Haddon laid his hand upon the
speaker’s shoulder.

   “ So I thought,” said he calmly: and
I'm going to find that chance. It is our
duty to obey General Taylor's orders
and obtain the information he desires,
but our first duty is to attempt the
rescue of our countryman who i^ to be
shot at sunrise. If we fail, so much the
worse, but—we're going to trv. Brad-
ley.”

  A flash of admiration crossed the
Texan’s face.

   “ Very good, sir.” said he curtly, and,
following Haddon’s example, drew taut
the reins.

   The way into Chaleo lav over one of
the many broad roads which traversed
Mexico in that section of the country.
Except for meeting bands of wandering
horsemen such as they had just parted
from, there was little or no danger of
the two Americans being held up and
examined.

   So far had they penetrated into Mex-
ican territory and into the midst of the
army of Santa Anna.

   The lines of this armv stretched for
miles east and west; a goodlv number
lay farther to the north, and had been
safely passed. The larger body was en-
camped farther south, covering the
strong forts at El Molino, Chapultepee
and the massive stone entrenchments
of Casa Mata.

   General Santa Anna had arranged his
forces in three parallels. It was the
second which Haddon and his compan-
26

THE ARGOSY.

ion were approaching in order to enter
Chaleo, the pivot of the second par-
allel.

  Presently they passed a group of
campfires around which a brawling
company of infantry were eating supper.
No one paid the slightest atten-
tion to them. Horsemen were con-
stantly passing over the road, and the
soldiers had become used to the sound
of hoof-beats.

  As the town grew nearer these
groups of campfires increased—some
quite close to the road, but the majority
a little distance back in the fields. Once
there was a clatter of hoofs to the
right, and the Americans’ hearts beat
more rapidly, for they expected nothing
less than to be surrounded by another
detachment of cavalry.

  It was only, however, a bunch of rider-
less horses being driven to water at a
creek on the farther side of the road.
The half-dozen soldiers who were ful-
filling this duty were smoking and
laughing boisterously. One swore
roundly as the first of the horses shied
at the two riders, but nothing more
serious happened.

  Perhaps two miles from Chaleo the
highroad swept in a great curve between
two ranges of low hills. This part of
the wav, for three hundred yards or so,
was quite deserted, and, moreover,
gloomy by reason of the failing light.

  Not a sound except the noise made
by the horses’ feet upon the roadbed,
and such tumult as came from the dis-
tant campfires, broke the silence of the
early night.

  Haddon aroused himself from the
lethargy into which he had fallen since
his last words with his companion. All
his mental energies had been concen-
trated in seeking for some plan which
promised even a chance of success in
liberating the condemned prisoner.

  “ If I am not. mistaken, we shall reach
the town presently, and from this point
on the groups of fires and soldiers will
become more numerous.”

  As he was speaking something gaunt
and black loomed up suddenly beside the
highway. It was a gigantic cross, such
as are frequently found along the public
roads in Catholic countries.

  Haddon pulled up his horse so sud-

denly that the animal almost rose upon
its haunches. At the foot of the cross
a dark shape was stretched upon the
ground.

  The Virginian bent down and exam-
ined more closely what this thing might
be. When he straightened himself in
the saddle he made a quick and compre-
hensive gesture to his companion.

  The silent form upon the ground at
the base of the cross Avas the body of a
Mexican priest, clad in the loose brown
robe of his order.

CHAPTER VII.

TO DIE AT SUNRISE.

  For several moments Lieutenant
Iladdon and the Texan gazed down upon
the man at the foot of the cross. Then
the former slid gently from his saddle.

  Approaching noiselessly the figure
of the priest, he bent over him, re-
mained motionless for several seconds,
then returned quietly to his companion.

  “ The man is not dead, but sleeping
soundly,” said he in a whisper.

  The Texan nodded. He was waiting
for Haddon to resume the saddle.

  Dismount quietly,” whispered the
lieutenant.

  Sergeant Bradley obeyed without
hesitation, though it was plain lie felt
surprise.

  Haddon led him a little way across
the road.

   “Fortune is certainly kind to us to-
night, but we must work carefully and
take no risks. I think I can see a waj',”
said he gravely.

  “ To rescue the prisoner ? ” asked
Bradley bluntly.

   “ ^ es; it is a desperate chance at the
best, but one must take desperate
chances under such conditions. Our
first care must be to prevent the priest
from making an outcry when he
awakes.”

  The priest ? Are you going to
question him ? ”

   Xo ; but through him it may be pos-
sible to rescue the prisoner, or at least to
effect his escape from the stone house
m Chaleo.

   It is an old trick, but frequently old
tricks arc the best,” explained Haddon.
THE ELEVENTH RIDER.

27

“ If we hope to assist the man impris-
oned over yonder, the first essential is to
gain access to him. He must under-
stand that friends are at work in
Chaleo.”

  “ You propose to send the priest in

to him with a message- But the

fellow is a Mexican.”

  “ The priest over there will not enter
Chaleo to-night, yet he may be the
means of furthering our purpose. We
are going to borrow that brown cassock
for a few hours, Bradley.”

  A look of comprehension filled the
Texan’s face. He understood what his
companion proposed doing: to enter the
stone house in Chaleo in the guise of a
priest and thus obtain an interview writh
the condemned prisoner. It was indeed
an old trick, and a risky one. Haddon
continued quietly:

  “ It will be necessary to bind the man
and leave him hidden among the hills;
there is no time to be lost, for he may
awake at any moment.”

  Sergeant Bradley nodded silently and
turned toward the cross. As he re-
erossed the road he removed from about
his neck the big Mexican handkerchief
which formed a part of his costume.

  “Watch the horses,sir; they may take
fright easily,” he said briefly.

  Haddon, standing at the steeds'
heads, saw' him approach the cross cau-
tiously. lie had folded the handker-
chief into the form of a bandage, the
ends of which he held in either hand.
For a moment he stood above the form
of the sleeping man, then his slight
figure, silhouetted against the leaden
sky, disappeared.

  Perhaps ten seconds passed. Then
the voice of the Texan came from the
ground at the foot of the cross.

  “ I’ve closed his mouth, sir, and he’s
waking up.”

  Haddon crossed quickly over to the
&pot where Bradley, kneeling on the
ground, was holding down the robed
figure which was struggling desperately
to rise.

  Over the man’s mouth was drawn
tightly the handkerchief, effectively
gagging him, but it was only too evident
he still retained the free use of his arms
and legs.

  The Texan, with his hands pressed

tightly against the captive’s chest,
looked up.

  “ Thrashing like a windmill, sir, but
be can t make a noise worth speaking of.
Shall I strip him?”

  He spoke in Spanish, and the priest
understood. His struggles increased.
Bradley muttered a short oath and
pressed him harder against the ground.

  “ I might choke him into-” he

jerked out.

  “No,” said Haddon; “a little argu-
ment may do as well.”

  He addressed the priest in Spanish.

  “ Keep quiet and no harm will hap-
pen to you. In any case, you see it is
useless to struggle.”

  The captive made a final effort, then
a string of incoherent words forced
themselves from under the tightly
bound handkerchief.

  “ We will let you up, but don't at-
tempt to run away, you understand,”
said Haddon sternly.

  The Texan released his hold of the
priest, and the latter clambered slowly
to his feet. He was a small man, with
a lean, hungry face and piercing eyes.

  For a moment, standing with his back
to the cross, he looked from one to the
other of his captors, but except for their
general appearance he could discern
little.

  The darkness had increased, and the
Americans had taken the precaution to
pull their wide-brimmed hats well over
their eyes. It was plain, however, the
man wras trying to examine their fea-
tures.

  “ You would ask who we are, and
why we have shown you, a priest, vio-
lence,” said Haddon gruffly. “ To the
first I might answer that we are gner-
rilleros, as you doubtless surmise. Sec-
ondly, we desire to borrow something
from you.”

  The man made an expressive gesture
denoting that he carried nothing of
value upon his person.

  “You will remove your cassock,” or-
dered Haddon sternly.

  The priest stood motionless.

  The Virginian plunged his hands into
the folds of his sash and drew out a
short-bladed knife. The priest looked
at the keen weapon and shivered. Then
by a sudden quick motion he divested
23

THE ARGOSY.

himself of the brown robe and permit-
ted it to fall upon the ground at his
feet.

  Haddon controlled an emotion of sur-
prise.

  Under the brown cassock the man
wore about his waist a sash, and from
the latter protruded the handle of a
pistol. He glanced at the Texan.

  “ Even the priests go armed." said he.

 Bradley shrugged his shoulder,
reached forward and took the pistol
from the sash.

  “ What now, sir ? ” he asked.

  “ It is necessary we bind him, else he
would make straight for Chaleo,” an-
swered Haddon. He was thinking:
“ This man may prove more dangerous
than we had reason to suppose; a war-
like churchman is worse than an ordi-
nary soldier.’’

  It was evident that the priest was be-
ginning to become more frightened as
each moment passed. He looked wildly
to the right and left.

  “ Give me the pistol, then remove the
sash and bind his hands,” said Haddon
to the Texan.

 The latter obeyed quickly. His
movements resembled nothing so much
as those of a cat as he worked rapidly
and silently. Before one could count
thirty the captive’s hands were firmly
secured behind his back.

  Having tied the knots to his satisfac-
tion, the Texan did not wait for further
orders, but went quickly to one of the
horses and removed a stout rope which
dangled from the pommel of the saddle.
This rope he cut into two pieces and
returned to the already helpless pris-
oner.

  With every appearance of the keen-
est satisfaction, he secured the priest’s
ankles with one of the sections of
rope; the other he wound about his
body, beginning at the knees and ending
around the man’s neck.

  It seemed an impossibility that the
prisoner could struggle even a little, but
should he be able to do so, each move-
ment would so tighten the second rope
that he would be in danger of strangling
himself.

  Having completed his task, Sergeant
Bradley arose with a grunt of satisfac-
tion and glanced sharply about him.

  The gloom which had settled over the
surrounding hills rendered all objects
indistinct, but presently he seemed sat-
isfied with his observation.

  “ Yonder, some sixty paces from
where we stand, there is a hollow be-
tween two ridges of ground. lie will
be safe there for some hours, sir,” said

he briefly.

  The priest, who could now use only
his eves with freedom, tried desperately
to speak. The Texan stepped closer and
peered into his face.

  “Listen,” said he gravely. “It so
happens that I was with those who per-
ished in the Alamo. It was there I saw
several priests who did not hesitate to
fire on the handful of defenders. It was
then I made a resolve:

  “ First, to kill' Santa Anna, if ever the
opportunity was afforded me; and, sec-
ondly, that a Mexican should die—a
Mexican for every hour I passed at the
bottom of the well into which I had
fallen.

  “ If, when we return in the morning,
you have not stirred from the spot
where we shall leave you, you may be
spared, but if you have moved so much
as a yard I will stick this knife between
your ribs.”

  For a moment it seemed as if the man,
standing bound and gagged at the foot
of the cross, would faint. He closed
his eyes and swayed so perceptibly that
Haddon made a movement to catch him
in his arms.

  Then the eyes opened slowly and
fixed themselves upon the face of the
scowling Texan, or, rather, on so much
of his face as was visible. There was
that in these eyes which bordered on
fear, unbelief, and hatred.

  The Texan shrugged his shoulders.

  “ Let us put him where he may lie
safely until morning, for it is time we
were gone, sir,” said he quietly. For
the moment he had taken the leadership
into his hands. With this brief speech
he surrendered it again to the Virgin-
ian.

  live minutes later the Americans
stood once more beside their horses;
the space at the foot of the cross was
vacant, and the brown cassock was hid-
den beneath Haddon’s saddle.

  Sergeant Bradley swung himself upon
THE ELEVENTH RIDER.

29

the buck of his horse. As Haddon re-
sumed his own mount he touched him
upon the arm.

  “ The cassock which we have taken
has ijoi covered the body of a priest to-
night, for—(hat man is not a priest,
though he would pretend to be one. At
some time or place I have seen his face
before, though when or how I cannot
recall. For the present it is enough to
know that he lay beneath that cross for
a purpose—feigning sleep,'’ said he
soberly.

  “ In speaking of the Alamo you told
him what you are,” answered Haddou
so mewhat impaturn t ly.

  The Texan shrugged his shoulders.

  “Is it not time we ride into Chaleo,
sir?” said he shortly.

  As they had reason to hope, no one
interposed an objection to their prog-
ress during the remainder of the jour-
ney to the environs of the town. Hav-
ing passed the outlying buildings, the
Americans found themselves sur-
rounded by a motley collection com-
posed of foot soldiers and cavalry, non-
combatants, women, children, and dogs.

  The latter snapped viciously at the
hoofs of the horses, but by all others
they were apparently unnoticed. Hav-
ing taken possession of the town, the
army of Santa Anna moved hither and
thither without discipline. Certain
guards were posted, it is true, but these
guards used their authority in brow-
beating the citizens to obtain food and
drink and even money. Any one who
wore even the semblance of a uniform
was free to go and come as he pleased.

  Having ridden half the length of one
of the streets, Haddon pulled up his
horse. A citizen, bareheaded and
walking slowly, was approaching. When
he was abreast of the horses the Virgin-
ian turned in the saddle.

  “ My friend,” said he, “ we have just-
ridden in from the north. Can you
direct us to an inn where we may fodder
our horses and obtain lodging?”

  The Mexican raised his hands.

  “Mother of God, and you ask that!
Five days ago T was the keeper of an inn,
one of the best in Chaleo; now I am
looking for a place to sleep. My rooms
have been seized, rny goods taken, and
when I protested I received a buffet in

payment. The invaders could do no
worse, unless they hanged me, and iu
that case I should be*put out of misery,”
said he dully.

  “ Is it so bad as that? We would be
willing to pay for what we received. Not
much, it is true, but something.”

  The Mexican brightened wonderfully
and came closer to the horses.

  “ While I have been robbed, my
brother has been more fortunate. They
have left him a corner of the cellar—
doubtless because the rats refuse to give
up possession.”

  “And where may your brother be
found? Is it far from here?”

  “ Scarcely a thousand paces, and the
place has its advantages. From it one
can almost look into the window of the
room in which is confined the prisoner
who will die at sunrise.

  “For a commission, my brother has
even been permitted to place a box
against a wall of the prison, and for a
few coppers any one who chooses to pay
may mount the box and look at the con-
demned spy.”

  “ So the prisoner is on exhibition dur-
ing the night at the end of which he is
to die?” Haddon spoke bitterly.

  “ And why not ? " retorted the Mex-
ican. “ Has he not, among other
things, refused the hoiy offices of a
priest? For such a one death is too
easy a punishment.”

  “ You are speaking wisely. 1 should
like to look at such a fellow/' said Ilad-
don heartily.

  “ Oh, that is easy enough. There are
many around the stone house, each
waiting a turn to mount the box. A
word in my brother’s ear will, however,
give you a preference, provided I am
paid something.”

  The Virginian took a dozen coppers
from his pocket and dropped them into
the man’s eager palm.

  “ Lead the way,” said he.

  For a hundred rods, then down a nar-
row, ill-smelling lane, and again into a
broader thoroughfare the Americans
followed their guide.

  Looking some distance ahead, they
perceived that the wav was blocked by
a varied crowd whose faces were turned
toward a low two-storied building of
massive gray stone.
30

THE ARGOSY.

  On the outskirts of this crowd the
Mexican halted.

   ” Wait,” said he, “ I will first find my
brother, after which I will return and
hold your horses—for a few extra cop-
pers.”

  He pushed his way through the crowd,
but after the lapse of five minutes re-
turned, accompanied by a small man
who was even dirtier than he. The new-
comer regarded the horsemen critically.

  “ These are the senors who are willing
to pay something,” explained the first
Mexican.

  “It is a difficult matter, but-’

The other hesitated.

  Haddon produced a silver piece.

  “ Perhaps this will make it easier, my
friend/' he said.

  The Mexican clutched the money, bit
it. and dropped it into his sash. Then,
bv a gesture, he denoted that the horse-
men should dismount and follow him.

  Haddon and his companion reached
the ground at the same moment. The
former turned to the first Mexican, who
had laid hold of the bridles.

  “ We will go one at a time,” said he
gruffly, and followed the man who had
taken the silver piece, leaving the Texan
to guard the horses.

  Had he not done so, every inch of the
saddles and what was concealed beneath
one of them would have been examined
as soon as his back was turned.

  That part of the street which ran
past the side of the old stone building
was somewhat brilliantly illuminated
by a number of torches. Following his
guide through the crowd, Haddon
finally arrived opposite the house aud
within a dozen feet of it.

  Then he saw that a large box had
been placed directly beneath one of the
windows, An opening was cut through
the thick stone wall about eight feet
from the ground, across which were
stretched numerous rusty bars, the
ends firmly embedded in the masonry.

  The Mexican whom he had followed
darted forward and seized by the coat
a man who, from the top of the box, was
peering between the window guards.

  “ Come,” said he Sharply, “ you have
already exceeded the limit, and others
are waiting.”

  lie pulled the fellow roughly from

his perch and motioned to Haddon to
climb upon the box The Virginian
mounted and peeped between the bars.

  What he saw was a.room ot consider-
able size, the four sides of which were of
stone. Against the wall opposite the
window a bench had been placed, and
upon this bench was seated a solitary
figure—the prisoner who was to die at

sunrise.	•

  Why the wretched man faced the
opening, through which so many curious
and mocking ones were constantly
gazing, was explained at a single glance.
An iron ring, which passed around his
neck, was riveted into the wall behind,
and so tight was this metal band that
the wearer must face constantly in one
direction.

  That the guards were concerned in
the public exhibition of their prisoner
was evinced by a pair of candles set in
sockets in the wall so the light would
fall directly upon the face of the con-
demned.

  A spasm of rage flashed through the
body of the Virginian, and his hand
which grasped one of the iron bars
tightened until particles of rust were
ground into the palm.

  Though he did not recognize the pris-
oner, it was plain to see he was an
American—a mere youth, it appeared,
who had trusted himself among a pack
of bloodthirsty wolves.

  For several moments Haddon gazed
silently upon the white face and closed
eyes of the man before him. Behind,
the tumult made by the impatient crowd
drowned all other noise.

  The Virginian pressed his face closer
against the bars.

  “ Count to yourself five thousand. At
the end of that time tell the guard that
you desire to see a native priest.”

  The words, uttered in a hoarse whis-
per, and in English, drifted across the
cell and reached the ears of the prisoner,
lie opened his eyes slowly and a slight
convulsion crossed his face. It was
evident lie imagined himself to be
dreaming, though he knew he had not
been asleep.

  Haddon made a slight movement with
his hand across the space between the
bars, and repeated the words he had
before uttered. This time the man
THE ELEVENTH RIDER.

31

before him comprehended, for his eyes
opened to their full extent and he nod-
ded ever so little.

  “Five thousand! " repeated the Vir-
ginian for the third time.

  It was necessary that time be given
in which to make his preparations, and
except bv counting the prisoner had no
means of reckoning time. Five min-
utes would seem to him an hour. Did
he ask too soon that a priest be sent to
him, Haddon would not be at the stone
house to respond, and the only oppor-
tunity would have been thrown away.

  The impatient voice of the Mexican
sounded behind the Virginian.

  “ Come, senor, others are waiting.”
Haddon stepped to the ground,
pushed those nearest roughly aside, and
elbowed his way through the crowd. On
its outskirts Sergeant Bradley and the
horses were waiting. Beside the lat,tex-
tile first Mexican was standing.

  “ The senor is satisfied ? ” he asked.
“Yes/’ answered Haddon coldly; “I
have seen sufficient.”

  “ And the senors desire to occupy my
brother's cellar? ”

  “ Begone, you fool! " said Haddon an-
grily. “ Do you then imagine Mexican
officers desire to sleep in a cellar?”

  He made a significant gesture. The
citizen of Chaleo cast a frightened
glance at the frowning face above him,
turned and disappeared.

  “ We have got rid of that fellow ; now
it is time to act,” said Haddon sharply,
and turned his horse's head away from
the direction of the stone house.

CHAPTER VIII.

THE IRON COLLAR.

  The old stone house near the center
of Chaleo, the old Chaleo, was divided
into two sections by a narrow hall which
ran completely through the building.
On either side of this passageway
opened the rooms on the lower floor of
the building. For generations the place
had been used as a prison, or something
worse, and the condition of the rooms
left much to be desired.

  When Santa Anna’s army moved
down and occupied Chaleo, certain of
the officers examined the stone building

with the idea of turning it into a habi-
tation.

  The examination made them decide
otherwise. It was one thing to fight
the hated invaders from across the Rio
Grande, but quite another to begin hos-
tilities with the rats and vermin which
held the ancient prison with a strong
hand.

  So it happened that, except for a few
slovenly recruits, the house was un-
inhabited. These recruits spent their
time wandering about the town, rob-
bing and browbeating the citizens.
Only the guard and the man who was
condemned to die at sunrise* occupied
the gray stone building. The former
passed his time lolling on the door-
step, consuming innumerable cigarettes.
There was no fear the pri oner would
walk out and make off ; the iron ring in
the wall had done its office too long to
yield to the struggles of one miserable
American.

  Sufficient it was that, once each hour,
the Mexican soldier opened the door of
the prisoner’s room and looked in. The
man inside was always in the same
position—his back to the wall, his e\es
closed, his white, strained face turned
toward the barred window.

  It was during one of these hourly
visits to his charge that the guard found
the man looking toward the door.
Heretofore, for hours, he had failed to
exhibit any signs of life or interest. TLe
soldier stood upon the threshold and
stared. He removed the cigarette from
between his lips and blew a cloud of
smoke into the ill-smelling room.

  “ Perhaps the—the senor desires some
water ? ”

  The soldier was from the south, be-
yond the city of Mexico. He was moun-
tain bred, and there was in his heart a
spark of pity. Yet he spoke almost in
a whisper, for it. would not do for the
leering crowd outside to know he had
offered the prisoner anything.

  The American motioned the man to
come nearer.

  “ I desire only that a priest be sent to
me,” said he in a faint voice and in
broken Spanish.

  The Mexican stared in amazement.

  “Mother of God!” muttered he.
“ And 1 have sent four away already.
32

THE ARGOSY.

because this same heretic refused con-
solation of the church.”

  He produced another cigarette and
lighted it.

  “You desire a priest?” said he
doubtfully.

  “ It is so; in a few hours the sun will
rise/5 answered the prisoner.

  The soldier backed out of the cham-
ber. closing the door behind him.

  “ The devil! ” he muttered. “ And
can such a one be found in the neigh-
borhood at this hour, especially as I
have made it clearly understood the
fellow in there has refused to make his
peace with Heaven? It would be only
just that he die Avith his sins upon his
soul.”

  Y'et he resolved to find a priest, even
if he had to send one of those without
in search of one. Coming to the door,
he was about to call to a passing citizen
when his eyes fell upon a brown cassock
approaching slowly the foot of the steps.

  The churchman's cowl was drawn Avell
over his eyes and he seemed to be in
deen meditation, but upon reaching the
steps he stopped and looked up. It was
no other than Lieutenant Haddon, who,
for perhaps a quarter of an hour, had
been hovering in the vicinity Ol the
stone house.

  The guard removed the cigarette from
his mouth.

  “ Holy father,” said he, “ a miracle
has happened. The man who is con-
fined within and who is to die at sunrise
requests spiritual consolation. Hitherto
he has refused to open his lips.”

  Haddon bent his head gravely.

  “ Even at the eleventh hour. I will
go to him, my son/’ said he quietly, and
mounted the steps until he stood beside
the soldier.

  The latter lost no time in leading him
through the hall to the door of the pris-
oner’s chamber. When it was opened
and the supposed priest stepped across
the threshold, his eyes fell upon the
open window, directly opposite the man
fastened to the wall.

  “ It is not fitting that vulgar eyes
gaze upon the confession of a dying
man. Pin a cloth across the opening,”
said he sternly.

  The guard hurried away and returned
with a ragged blanket, which he fast-

ened over the window. Haddon walked
across the room and deliberately blew
out one of the candles. The place was
plunged in semi-darkness.

  The Mexican slipped quietly out of
the chamber, closing the door behind
him. Haddon waited for a few mo-
ments, and having satisfied himself that
the man was not listening, approached
the prisoner.

  “ What is to be done must be accom-
plished quickly. Arc you in any way
crippled?” he asked in a low voice.

  A strange noise escaped the lips of
the man fastened to the wall—a sound
between a laugh and a groan.

  “ Except that I fear my neck is
broken, I have escaped injury,” answered
he in a hard voice.

  “ Then you will he able to leave this
hole ? ” answered Haddon.

  “ If you are strong enough to tear
this cursed ring from the wall.” The
prisoner’s voice expressed anything but
hope of liberation.

  Haddon bent down and examined the
iron collar. A glance showed him it
would be impossible for even the strong-
est man to break it.

  “ I have not neglected to provide
myself with what is needed/’ said he
quietly, and from under the brown cas-
sock he produced a file.

  “ It so happened that, after leaving
the window, I ran across the shop of a
blacksmith. Hold your head quiet and
press to the left; I am going to cut
through this iron,” he explained.

  He tested the ring carefully and an
expression of satisfaction crossed his
face. The iron was old and rusty, and
might, with patience, be severed. Had
it been of steel, the task would have
presented more difficulties.

  Suddenly the sound of a low voice,
chanting solemnly, filled the chamber.
1 hose without who heard knew it was
the priest repeating the prayers for a
man about to die.

^ lo Haddon and the prisoner the
cnant had another meaning: to drown
tin- noise made by the rasping of a tile.

  The Virginian worked desperately,
Act carefully. The blacksmith from
Whose shop he had stolen the file pos-
sessed excellent implements; the iron
yielded beyond expectation.
THE ELEVENTH RIDER.

33

  After a time Haddon stopped, re-
placed the tile under his cassock, and
seized the collar in both hands. A sharp
snap, accompanied by a stifled groan,
sounded in the room.

  The prisoner raised his hand quickly
to his neck, and when he withdrew it
his fingers were stained with blood, but
the iron collar was broken.

  Haddon placed his hand under his
companion’s arm, but the prisoner arose
without much effort. He swayed
slightly and his head remained rigid,
but there seemed to be no cause to fear
he would collapse.

  “ God knows, my friend-” he be-
gan, but Haddon checked him.

  “ Words are unnecessary. I do not
even ask how you came here. It is
enough for the present that you tell me
your name. I am Iladdon, of Harney's
Horse.”

  “ And I am Anderson, of Duncan’s
Battery. They caught me within four
miles of-”

 “ I know,” interrupted Haddon
sharply. “ On the Acapulco road. We
will talk this thing over when we get out
of this hornet’s nest. The thing now
is to get out.”

  He stepped to the door and listened,
then returned to his companion.

  “The guard is standing outside the
entrance. When I knock he will let me
into the passage. Listen to what I have
to say carefully.

  “ This building is situated at the
angle of two streets. The one on which
your window opens is lighted and filled
with people, but the other is much nar-
rower, dark, and practically deserted.
When you leave this room, turn to the
right and pass straight through the hall.
It will bring you to the door opening
into the narrow street. It should be an
easy matter for you to slip out and lose
yourself in the darkness, for these
Mexicans are under wretched discipline
and the streets are not patrolled. We
will not leave the house together, for I
shall pass out by the front door; neither
will it bo wise for us to see each other
anywhere in Chaleo. Having left this
place, you must shift for yourself and
escape from this town as quickly as
possible.”

  “Then when shall I see you again?

       3 A

You purely do not intend to remain
for long in Chaleo? They may do to
you as they have done to me, and my
disguise was well-nigh perfect.”

  Haddon thought for a moment.

  “ The country between here and our
lines is alive with Mexicans, and to pass
through them may be difficult unless
you understand the roads. There is,
some four hours’ ride from here, a de-
serted inn on the Acapulco road; you
may know the place by three gigantic
boulders which rise to the height of
twenty feet or more on the opposite side
of the road.

  “ As I have said, this inn is deserted.
Make your way thither, and if you so
choose, remain there for forty-eight
hours. If by that time I do not appear,
it will be impossible for me to come by
that road, and you can continue on
alone.”

  “ I know the inn, for I slept between
the boulders one night,” answered An-
derson.

  “ Then you need no further direc-
tions. 1 am going to knock on the door.
Stand a little behind me, and when I
leave the room, follow quickly and turn
to the right,” said Haddon briefly.

  He laid in his companion's hand a pis-
tol and short-bladed knife. Then he
turned and walked to the door.

  Several moments elapsed between the
tapping upon the panel and the sound
of approaching footsteps in the hall
without. Then the noise of a bolt being
drawn was heard and the door swung
open.

  The guard peered into the darkened
chamber.

  “ Well, father,” said he, “ are you
ready to depart ? ”

  Iladdon advanced across the thresh-
old ; it was only a step—sufficient to
permit him to gaze up and down the
hall.

  “ A word, my son,” said he softly.

  The Mexican stepped through the
open door. Suddenly he saw something
behind the supposed priest—the figure
of a man whose face was in the .shadow.

  A startled exclamation sprang to his
lips, but before it found utterance a
grip which seemed to be that of steel
closed upon his throat. So sudden it
was that the breath was driven into his
34

THE ARGOSY.

body. He raised his hands to loosen the
dreadful pressure upon his windpipe,
when a stunning blow on the temple
almost deprived him of consciousness.

  He struggled feebly ; the blow was re-
peated, a quiver passed through his
body, and, freed from the grasp upon
his throat, he sank limply to the floor.

  Haddon stepped carefully over the
bodv and stopped in the dimlv lighted
hall.

  “ To the right,” he whispered, and the
artilleryman obeyed silently.

  The Virginian turned, closed the d*oor
and bolted it. Then, drawing the cowl
well down over his face, he walked to the
front door and passed through it. The
greater portion of the crowd in the
srreet had disappeared, for, the window
of the prisoner’s chamber having been
covered, no further interest attached to
the neighborhood.

  Haddon passed down the steps and
walked slowly away from the few who
remained gathered under the window.
When he had gone some distance his
steps quickened. He turned into another
street, traversed it rapidly, almost ran
through a short alley, and came once
more into a broader and dimly lighted
thoroughfare.

  He no longer wore the brown cassock,
but appeared to be a guerrillero wander-
ing aimlessly about the town.

  For a thousand paces or more he
sauntered over the uneven stones,
looking straight into the faces of those
he met, and once littering a round
Spanish oath as a citizen jostled him.
After a time he came opposite a building
from the door and windows of which
lights were shining.

  This place he entered without cere-
mony and glanced about the low-
ceilinged room. This room contained a
number of tables, at several of which
men were seated.

  Haddon crossed over to one of the
tables and sat down opposite the man
who occupied it. This man was Ser-
geant Bradley, who was passing his time
in blowing rings of tobacco smoke to-
ward the ceiling.

  The Texan looked keenly into his
companion’s face. What he read there

told him the plan had been successful_

that the prisoner no longer sat facing

the barred window in the stone house of
Chaleo.

  In the mean time Haddon was exam-
ining the other occupants of the room.
Only one was a soldier, already more
than half drunk; the others were
swarthy-skinned civilians, each intent
upon his own business.

  The Virginian turned to his com-
panion.

  “ Well,” said he, “ has anything oc-
curred ? ”

  “ Only that I have nearly fallen
asleep,”'answered the Texan wearily.

  “ And the horses? ”

  “ Oh, they are in a shed yonder,
where we may sleep if we desire.”

  “Perhaps later, but now there is
something to do.”

  “ I was beginning to fear I should
take root here,” responded the Texan
dryly. “ Even that soldier over there is
too drunk to enter into an argument.”

  Haddon arose and was turning toward
the door when there was the clatter of
hoofs without, the rattle of a saber, and
a Mexican cavalryman almost hurled
himself through the doorway. He
glanced quickly about the room, saw
what it contained, and addressed Had-
don.

  “I am seeking Captain Valeno,
senor; have you seen him to-night?” he
demanded.

  “ No, senor,” replied Haddon; “ if he
is here, I have not-”

  The Mexican cavalryman uttered an
oath.

  “ I have searched for him in twenty
places, for his presence is imperative.

I here is the devil to pay at head-
quarters.”

  And how is that?” Haddon ven-
tured.

  The Mexican shrugged his shoul-
ders.

  And you ask me? If you had been
there you would understand well
enough. It was only half an hour ago
a detachment returned to the town and
iii its midst was his excellency, the
General Santa Anna.

   “ As God is my witness, it is rumored
they found him bound with ropes and
lying helpless near the Acapulco road.
As to that I do not know clearly, but
the commander is in a dreadful passion.
THE ELEVENTH RIDER.

35

  “ He has summoned Mazatlan before
him, and it is rumored that those who
did the thing were guerrilleros of his
command.”

  “And Captain Valeno?” Iladdon
could think of nothing else to say.

  “ Oh, he is wanted, too. You know
what the general thinks of him. If he
should come in here, tell him what I
have told you.”

  In another moment he was through
the door and in the saddle. Every one
in the room except the drunken soldier
was upon his feet.

  Haddon turned to his companion, but
paused at the expression upon the
Texan’s face.

  “You heard him?” whispered Ser-
geant Bradley hoarsely. “ There can be
no mistake?”

  “ You heard what he said,” answered
Haddon, making a gesture of caution.
“ Come, we must get out of here to
headquarters.”

  He was thinking that Mazatlan would
be there.

  Sergeant Bradley followed him across
the room and through the door.

  “What ails you, man?” asked Had-
don sharply. “It appears that it was
Santa Anna whom we relieved of his
disguise on the road out yonder, but
what of that? He answered as well as
another.”

  The Texan seemed -struggling to
speak.

  “You ask me that? ” he finally
blurted out. “It was Santa Anna
himself I held under the point of my
knife, and—1 did not stick it between
his ribs. Mother of God!”

  Haddon began to quiet him.

  “ We are not murderers,” said he,
“ and to kill a defenseless man except
for an imperative reason is murder.”
“But it is not murder to kill a rep-
tile. You were not at the Alamo,”
groaned the Texan bitterly.

  Haddon laid his hand on his arm.

   “ Come,” said lie, “ it is too late to crv
over such matter*; our business is at
headquarters. It is Mazatlan we are
after, not Santa Anna.”

  “ Pardon, sir/’ said the other quietly;
“ hut I was thinking—well, you see, my
father and two brothers were at the
Alamo. Let us do as you sav, and go to

headquarters to get a look at this Ma-
zatlan.”

CHAPTER IX.

  THE MAN IN THE BRAIDED JACKET.

  To find the headquarters of General
Santa Anna was not difficult. The
house in which the dictator of Mexico
had established himself stood on the
southern outskirts of Chaleo in the
middle of a small plaza.

  The building was of stone, two-
storied, and was surroiinded on all sides
by a wide veranda. Any one walking
along this veranda could look into a
number of narrow windows opening into
the chambers on the first floor.

  Iladdon and his companion reached
the outskirts of the plaza without being
stopped or questioned. In fact, they
were but a part of a considerable crowd
of soldiers and civilians who, attracted
by the rumor that something unusual
had occurred, desired to be as near head-
quarters as possible.

  Most of the curious ones stopped at
the edge of the plaza, content to gaze
across the open space at the lighted win-
dows, but the two Americans had no in-
tention of watching from a distance the
forms of the numerous persons who con-
stantly appeared and disappeared be-
tween the lights and the inner fringe of
the crowd.

  The question was to be solved, how-
ever, of how they could safely get nearer
the house. The plaza was guarded ; any
one attempting to cross it must give a
good reason for so doing before being
permitted to proceed.

  The solution of this riddle proved to
he not so difficult as at first appeared.

  Couriers had been despatched
throughout the town to summon to
headquarters certain officers of the
Mexican army. From time to time
one or another of these officers appeared
and in most cases was accompanied by
several aides or followers.

  These groups pushed their way
through the crowd of curious ones, and
the guards, recognizing the officers, per-
mitted them to pass. The course
adopted bv Haddon and Sergeant Brad-
ley was extremely simple. The plaza
was plunged in semi-darkness, lighted
36

THE ARGOSY.

onlv "by the myriad stars which shone in
the heavens.

  Watching their opportunity, they
waited until an officer appeared accom-
panied by a considerable following, and
when these passed through the crowd
and out on the plaza the two Ameri-
cans simply made themselves a part of
the escort.

  As such the guards permitted them
to pass. This lack of discipline was to
be found throughout the entire Mexican
army.

  A startling example was given to the
world by an act of General Valencia
himself. Against the explicit orders of
Santa Anna, he had attacked the Ameri-
can forces at the outset of a great battle,
and through this piece of disobedience
the battle had been lost to the Mexicans
forthwith.

  Having passed the soldiers who
guarded the plaza, to approach the
house was an easy matter. The senti-
nels. who were supposed to patrol the
veranda on all sides of the building,
contented themselves with pacing up
and down the front and around the
side corners, while the rear was innocent
of scrutiny.

  In fact, some curious soldiers, anxious
to see what was ocetirring inside, were
looking through the windows. After a
careful survey of prevailing conditions
Haddon and the Texan lost no time in
mounting the veranda and placing
themselves at a vacant opening. There,
unmolested, they were enabled to get an
excellent view of what was going on
within the headquarters of the com-
manding general.

  The room into which they looked was
a spacious chamber, lighted by a dozen
candles, which revealed the figures of
two men—the one standing with his
back toward the windows, the other
pacing restlessly to and fro.

  This second man was of small stature
and limped as he walked. It was General
Santa Anna, dictator of Mexico, and the
Americans had no difficulty in recogniz-
ing in him the supposed priest they had
robbed of his cassock at the foot of the
cross on the Acapulco road.

  Santa Anna’s dark face was convulsed
with passion. His words, snapped out
with a peculiar hissing noise, were

plainly audible to the watchers at the
window.

  “ And for what reason do you tell ine

it was none of .your precious gang of
cut-throats who did thai thing? .Do
vou pretend to sa}' that you keep track
of the movements of each alter night-
fall ? ”

  He put the question to Ins companion
in a voice in which a sneer was predomi-
nant.

  The other, who stood in a strained
attitude, with one hand resting upon the
hilt of his sheathed saber, shook his
head emphatically.

  “ I have not said it was impossible,
your excellency, but I maintain the
thing is improbable. My men are de-
voted to the cause and to the person of
your excellency. Why should they do
violence to-? ”

  “ Have I not told you I was disguised;
that I wore the garb of a monk? You
know I frequently find it necessary to
adopt such a method, for in that manner
certain things are discovered which
would not otherwise come to my ears.

  “ To-night it happened that I thought
it necessary to visit an outpost on the
Acapulco road—because I suspected cer-
tain things in connection with the offi-
cer who commanded it. It Avas while
I Avas returning that I was set upon,
gagged, bound, and threatened.

  “Do you understand? My life
threatened by tAvo Mexican guerrilleros”

  Santa Anna’s face was white with pas-
sion.

  The man whose back was toward the
window moved uneasily.

  c* But if you saw them plainly, surely

it is possible again to recognize-’’lie

began.

  The general broke in savagely.

    Have I not told you I could not dis-
tinguish their faces? The fools were
too smart for that. Had I done so,
every soldier in this army should pass
before me one at a time, and when I

came to those two- Mother of God!

All Mexico should see what would hap-
pen ! ”

  “ to discover them may be quite
possible. ^ ou tell me one was large,
the other small. Perhaps you might
even recognize 1 heir voices did vou again
hear them.”
TIIE ELEVENTH RIDER.

37

  “ it is hardly possible, but-”

Santa Anna stopped and ground his heel
into the matting which covered the floor
and then continued in a terrible voice:
“ 1 might even let the thing pass, in
order that it did not become public, but
—I was found by some of my own sol-
diers—T, their general, was found bound
and gagged, lying like a log of wood on
the bare ground! Ten thousand devils!
The whole army will know it by morn-

ing!” ,

  He seemed to breathe with difficulty.

The Texan pressed Haddon’s hand.

  “ Something at least was accom-
plished,” he whispered in a voice of the
keenest satisfaction. “ There is not a
prouder man in all Mexico than Santa
Anna. You see how lie takes it.”

  The Mexican commander began to
roll a cigarette, then tore it to pieces
and threw the pieces upon the floor.

  “ You do not say anything,” cried he
sharply.

  “What can I say, your excellency?

If there is anything-”

  “Mother of God! And you are ac-
counted the smartest officer in all my
army. Even those dogs of Americanos
tremble when your name is mentioned.
I tell you, those devils were guerrilleros,
and you are the leader of my guerrilleros.
When you return to your men, listen;
listen day and night; creep upon them
at ail hours. These two will talk to-
gether—some time—then you can strike,
as you strike against the Americanos
from beyond the Rio Grande.”

  What the officer thought of this
proposition was a problem, but he re-
plied quietly.

  “ I will follow your excellency’s in-
structions. If any among my men were
guilty of that thing, I will do my best

to find them. I will-” .

  There came a sudden interruption
from the other side of the room. A low
knock sounded upon the panel of the
door leading into the hall. Santa Anna
turned sharply, walked to the door and
opened it.

  The figure of an orderly appeared in
the aperture.

  “Well?” cried the general angrily.
“ Why are we interrupted?”

  “ 1 have been commanded to report
lo your excellency without losing a mo-

ment—to report to your excellency that
the prisoner confined in the stone house has
made his escape! ”

  A momentary silence filled the room.
Santa Anna glared at the messenger
like a wild beast of prey.

  “Were my orders not obeyed?” he
asked in a voice of awful calmness.

  “ That the prisoner be fastened by
the neck to the ring in the wall? It was
done, your excellency,” answered the
orderly.

  “ Then it is impossible that he should

have escaped, unless-” Santa Anna

paused and glared at the officer.

  “ The ring was filed quite through,
and broke,” said the latter in a trem-
bling voice.

  “You would tell me that this miser-
able prisoner has filed through a band of
iron so easily? Who has been admitted
to his cell—since sundown?”

  “ None save a priest who desired to
administer consolation to a man con-
demned,” explained the orderly.

  “ A priest? Who admitted him? ”

  “ The guard over the prisoner. It
was not commanded a priest should not
visit the chamber.”

 “ And this priest—what was he
like ? ”

  The general's face was now impassive
as a mask.

  “ I do not know, your excellency. The

guard is-”

  “ There are several orders of church-
men in Chaleo, but even in the dark each
may be known by his habit. How was
this one dressed?” demanded Santa
Anna fiercely.

  The orderly hesitated.

  “ The guard has but just recovered
consciousness, but he murmured some-
thing about a brown cassock." he re-
plied.

  Santa Anna stood as though rooted
to the floor. A look of comprehension
sprang into his face.

  “ Mother of God! " he cried with sud-
den fierceness. “ And the cassock which
they took was brown. I am surrounded
by traitors even in Chaleo! ”

  The officer who had been standing
with his back to the window, and who
had listened silently to the conversation
between the commander and the or-
derly, spoke for the first time.
38

THE ARGOSY.

  “ It may be possible that your excel-
lency is mistaken. It may be possible
that this spy had companions who came
with liiru to Chaleo. Would they not
attempt to rescue their countryman,
your excellency ? "

  A silence followed this startling sug-
gestion. An expression of rage and
fear overspread the face of the dictator
of Mexico.

  It seemed as though he preferred to
think there were traitors in his own
army rather than that certain daring
Americans had penetrated his lines and
were at large in Chaleo. With a power-
ful effort he calmed himself.

  “ That we will discover. I place the
matter in your hands, Senor Mazatlan.
Despatch couriers to even' outpost with-
in ten miles of the town. Search every
house and cellar in Chaleo.”

  The famous guerrilla leader straight-
ened himself and began to hook up his
saber. Santa Anna turned to the wait
ing orderly.

  “ And the guard who permitted the
liberation of the prisoner—where is
he ? ” he asked in a hard voice.

“ In the care of the surgeons. His
head was nearly broken when he opened
the door of the chamber to allow the
priest to depart/' answered the Mexican.
“ But he is conscious ? ”

  “ Yes, your excellency/’

  “ Then/’ said Santa Anna in a cold
voice, 44 do not countermand the orders
to the firing squad which is to be at the
public plaza at sunrise.”

  He crossed over to the table, sat
down, and wrote an order hurriedly.

  “Take this and give it to the officer
who was to have seen to the execution
of the spy in the morning,” said lie,
handing the paper to the orderly. “ The
guard who allowed the prisoner to be
taken from his cell shall be executed in
that prisoner’s place at sunrise/’

  Haddon and the Texan looked at each
other.

  “And you think it would be murder
to kill such a reptile?” muttered the
latter.

  Suddenly the Virginian smothered an
exclamation of startled surprise, and
his companion saw him lean eagerly
forward. The Texan turned his eyes
again to the window quickly.

  The oIlicer who was in the room with
Santa Anna and who wore the richly
braided jacket of a Mexican cavalryman
had turned so his face could be seen by
those on the veranda.

  The Texan drew a sharp breath at
sight of this face, for it presented a hor-
rible appearance. It was the face of
what had once been a handsome man,
but all former comeliness had been de-
stroyed forever.

  Two livid scars, beginning at the mid-
dle of the chin and extending upward
almost to the bottom of the man’s ears,
framed his countenance as behind two
unsightly red bars.

 “God in heaven! It is Senor
Perote! ” muttered Haddon hoarsely.

  But the Texan did not understand.

  He saw in' the man before him only
Mazatlan, the famous leader of Santa
Anna’s guerrilleros.

CHAPTER X.

AN UNEXPECTED INTERVIEW.

  The shock of discovering that the
man whom General Santa Anna called
Mazatlan, the man he had entered
Chaleo to see, was none otfier than, the
ex-innkeeper, Senor Perote, drove from
Haddon’s mind for the moment all
thought of the peril in which he and his
companion stood.

  It is true the guerrilla leader had
turned his face toward the window for
but a few seconds, but this brief interval
had been sufficient to reveal the unusual
scars which disfigured it.

  It was Perote, the man who had vol-
untarily entered the American lines for
the purpose of thwarting Santa Anna’s
plans, who was the famous leader
wanted by General Taylor.

  A dozen conflicting emotions filled
the Virginian’s mind. A riddle pre-
sented itself the solving of which was
doubly difficult. Wrho was the man
before him ?

  A Mexican whose heart and soul wore
given to the cause of Mexico, whose zeal
for the welfare of the southern repub-
lic- led him ruthlessly to slay the in-
vaders from beyond the Rio’Grande;
or the Mexican who, smarting under the
injuries inllicted upon him by certain
THE ELEVENTH RIDER.

39

of his countrymen, elected to betray his
country into the hands of a victorious
enemy ?

  Was Mazatlan, as Perote, acting the
spy in the American lines; or Perote,
as Mazatlan, following the same role in
the army of Santa Anna ? This was
the question which Iladdon felt himself
called upon to decide, for upon the true
solution hung the course he must pur-
sue.

  He felt a pressure upon his arm. It
was the Texan recalling him from his
reverie.

  “ You have heard all that was said in
there, sir. Chaleo is to be searched from
top to bottom. We must act with ex-
treme caution.”

  The words aroused Iladdon to a sense
of the danger which threatened. To
walk freely about the streets, trusting
that the general confusion would pre-
vent detection, was becoming altogether
too risky.

  Santa Anna suspected there were
Americans in Chaleo, and he would
verify this suspicion if possible.

  “ We have seen Mazatlan, and I
fancy it will not be difficult to describe
him,” continued Sergeant Bradley
dryly. “ Ilis entering our lines without
detection is simply impossible.”

  Haddon was thinking how he had en-
tered the lines and in what manner he
had succeeded in walking out again.

  Then a horrible fear seized him.

  Had this Mexican, the man who had
freed him from the upper chamber in
the inn, led General Taylor’s messenger
safely across the mountains by the
shortest route to El Vidio pass? Had
he done this, and saved the handful of
Americans from making a. hopeless re-
sistance, or had he murdered the mes-
senger cn route and let the defenders of
the pass meet their fate?

  An impulse seized him to learn from
this man himself whether he served
Mexico or the enemies of the republic—
an impulse which he put away from him
as too reckless for serious contempla-
tion.

  If Mazatlan was Perote, there would
be no danger ; but if Perote was Mazat-
lan—to meet him face to face, to be
recognized—would mean certain death.

  Sergeant Bradley, troubled by none

of these perplexing questions, saw only
immediate need of action in the face of
grave danger. To him Mazatlan was
the merciless Mexican guerrillero or-
dered by Santa Anna to search Chaleo
for suspected spies.

  No doubt as to his course of action
perplexed him. He would avoid this
guerrilla chief as he would the devil, but
if necessity compelled a meetiug he
would not hesitate to kill the man with
as little compunction as he would ex-
hibit in grinding under his heel the head
of a rattlesnake.

  “ We have seen Mazatlan, and now,
sir ? ” he asked in a low voice.

  “ First, to get away from the vicinity
of this place, in which Mazatlan will not
remain. Secondly, to follow him,” an-
swered Haddon quietly.

  “In order that it may become possible
to meet him alone?” There was a sin-
ister note in the Texan's question.

  “ We shall see,” Haddon replied.
“ Come, there is no time to be lost, for
he,may leave headquarters at any mo-
ment.”

  They were indeed not a moment too
soon, for, reaching a point where a view
of the front of the house could be ob-
tained, the figure of the guerrilla leader
was the first object which met their
eyes.

  Mazatlan, standing in the flood of
light which issued from the open door,
was giving certain directions to a Mexi-
can sub-officer who stood at attention
on the veranda.

  Having apparently concluded these
directions, the guerrilla descended the
steps and without pausing for an instant
walked rapidly across the plaza toward
the crowd which lined the side of the
square nearest the town.

  It was the signal for the Americans
to follow.

  The crowd parted to permit the
dreaded Mazatlan to pass, and it had
scarcely closed again before Haddon and
the Texan began to elbow their way
through the fringe of spectators. The
man whom Santa Anna had ordered to
institute a search into every house and
corner of Chaleo proceeded by the
shortest route toward the center of the
town.

  After a time his objective point be-
40

THE ARGOSY.

came plain to the Americans. He pro-
posed to visit the old stone prison.

  The streets about the old building
were practically deserted. A soldier
stood guard upon the steps of the prison,
for the order written by Santa Anna
had been delivered by the orderly, and
the luckless Mexican who had admitted
the supposed priest to the prisoner’s
chamber lay in one of the rooms. Ma-
zatlan spoke sharply to this guard and
passed into the building. Haddon and
the Texan stationed themselves in the
shadow of a house on the opposite side
of the street.

  They proposed to be on hand when
the guerrilla leader concluded his visit
of inspection.

  A quarter of an hour passed. It was
well past midnight, and the effect of
their day’s ride and the strenuous hours
in Chaleo were beginning to tell upon
the Americans. A few hours’ sleep
would have refreshed them wonderfully,
but sleep was out of the question even
for a moment.

  Suddenly an interruption to their in-
activity came from an unexpected quar-
ter. The quiet of the gloomy street
was broken by the sound of approaching
horses.

  From the direction of General Santa
Anna's headquarters appeared the
forms of several riders who,approaching
the stone house at a slow trot, pulled up
before the door. The first, evidently
an officer, addressed the guard sharply.

  “Is Senor Mazatlan in there?” he
demanded.

  The soldier answered in the affirma-
tive. The Mexican officer dismounted
and entered the building hurriedly. In
a few minutes he reappeared, accompa-
nied by the guerrilla leader. The lat-
ter glanced at the horsemen sitting
motionless in their saddles.

  “ We might ride to my quarters,
where we should be in private, but that
would take time, and you say the mes-
sage is important. There is no one on
the farther side of the street; let us go
there/’ said he sharply.

  It was too late for the Americans to
leave their hiding-place without being
seen distinctly by the two Mexicans and
the mounted soldiers. If they endeav-
ored to escape in either direction, the

movement would be followed by a com-
mand to halt, and serious consequences
might ensue.

  If, on the other hand, they remained
where they were, Mazatlan and his com-
panion would see them crouching in the
shadow.

  It was just here that the quick wit and
coolness of Lieutenant Haddon came to
the rescue. Within a few feet of the
spot where he and the Texan were
standing was a depression in the wall.
This depression extended a couple of
feet below the surface of the street, aud
would afford a possible hiding-place for
a person of small stature. The Virgin-
ian knew that to attempt to conceal
himself in this place would be out of
the question, but Sergeant Bradley was
a small man.

  To meet Mazatlan face to face was
what he least desired, but to meet him
alone was preferable to having the
Mexicans come suddenly upon two men
hiding in the shadow.

  He remembered Santa Anna had told
the guerrilla that one of the men who
had waylaid him upon the Acapulco road
was tall, while his companion was much
smaller. Coming suddenly upon such a
combination, and under such circum-
stances, the guerrilla leader’s conclusion
would be obvious.

  Mazatlan and his companion were
already descending the steps of the old
stone house, and what was to be done
must be accomplished quickly. Haddon
seized the Texan by the arm and
pointed to the depression in the wall.
Sergeant Bradley understood and
obeyed without a moment’s hesitation.
He dropped below the surface of the
street into the shallow hollow, wrhere,
lying flat upon his back, lie was
effectually hidden by the darkness.

  Could any one have pierced this dark-
ness, it would have been observed that
the occupant of this shallow grave held
ft cocked pistol in his hand.

  Mazatlan and the Mexican officer
were half-way across the street, when
there appeared suddenly before them a
man who stretched himself vigorously,
rubbed his eyes, and yawned. It was
evident that this fellow had been sleep-
ing on the doorstep of the darkened
building opposite.
THE ELEVENTH RIDER.

41

  The officer who accompanied Mazat-
lan uttered an exclamation, but the
guerrilla chief expressed no surprise,
lie fixed bis eyes searehinglv upon the
figure which had so unexpectedly arisen
before him.

  Iladdon advanced a step toward the
men who might the next moment be-
come his captors.

  “ Pardon, senors/’ said he in a stupid
voice. “ I fear I have been sleeping.”

  “ So it would appear, but now that
you are awake it may be possible for you
to answer a few questions/’ answered
Mazatlan coldly.

  He turned and called sharply to the
guard standing on the steps of the
stone house. The soldier disappeared
into the building and returned carrying
a lighted candle in his hand. Mazatlan
took the taper and held it so the light
fell full upon Iiaddon's face.

  The American’s heart was beating
rapidly. To any one in Chaleo he would
pass for a Mexican, or to any one who
had not seen him closely under other
circumstances.

  But the man who held the candle—
the man he recognized by the disfig-
uring scars—had seen him under other
circumstances, a prisoner in the hands
of Mexican cavalrymen and as an officer
in the tent of General Taylor.

  While one might count a score the
guerrilla leader held the candle on a
level with the Virginian's face. His
own was in shadow and Haddon could
not read its expression.

  Mazatlan lowered the light and re-
turned it to the waiting guard. Haddon
braced himself to hear the words which
might solve the riddle over which he had
pondered on the veranda of Santa
Anna’s headquarters.

  If the order was given for his arrest,
the man whom he had known as Seiior
Perote would prove his true character
beyond peradventure.

  Only—and even in that desperate
moment the thought flashed through
the lieutenant’s mind—he would not be
able to warn General Taylor that the
Mexican for whom he had vouched was
a cunning spy:

  Mazatlan look no prisoners!

  The guerrilla leader turned to his
companion.

  “ Have you ever seen this fine fellow
before''” he asked calmly.

  The Mexican officer shook his head.

  “ A company, enlisted from the
mountain district south of the capital,
reached Chaleo this morning, and he is
evidently a mountaineer," he ventured.

  “What are you doing here?5’ de-
manded Mazatlan sharply.

  It was evident he accepted his com-
panion’s suggestion.

  “ 1 was wandering about the town.
Our quarters are in a deserted stable,
which is overcrowded. One place is as
good to sleep in as another, senor,” an-
swered Iladdon.

  Mazatlan shrugged his shoulders.

  “ And that is the discipline we find
throughout the army, Valeno. This
fellow should receive a dozen lashes as
a reminder that he belongs with his
company, not here in the street/’ he
said harshly.

  Then, turning upon Haddon:

  “ Go back to your stable. The next
time you may not get off so easily. T)o
you hear me ? 3>

  The Virginian did not wait to hear
the order repeated. But having disap-
peared around the nearest corner, he
halted abruptly in the shadow of a wall,
at which point he could await the de-
parture of the Mexicans, when Sergeant
Bradley might rejoin him.

  That to follow the movements of Ma-
zatlan was necessary he no longer be-
lieved. Never doubting for an instant
that he had been recognized, the subse-
quent action of the guerrilla leader
seemed conclusive proof of his true sen-
timents.

  The man was friendly to the Ameri-
cans, else why had he liberated an
American prisoner from the inn. visited
the headquarters of General Taylor, and
permitted one whom he knew to be a spy
to roam at large through the army of
Santa Anna?

  Haddon was, however, still puzzled.
Conclusive proof, so it seemed to him,
had been given that Senor Perote was
disloyal to Mexico; but, on the other
hand, this same Perote. as the guerrilla
Mazatlan, had established a reputation
which would scarcely fit his sentiments
of friendliness toward the northern in-
vaders.
42

THE ARGOSY.

  As Perote he betrayed the cause of
Mexico; as Mazatlan he waged relent-
less war against the enemies of Mexico.
This mystery was still unsolved. Try as
he might, Haddon could arrive at no
satisfactory conclusion. One thing only
was certain: he had met this strange
man face to face, and the Mexican had
not betrayed by word or look his recog-
nition.

   While the Virginian was puzzling his
brain over the affair, the Texan was
huseing the bottom of the shallow de-
pression not five hundred paces away.

  He had heard the conversation be-
tween Haddon and the Mexican, and
understood that the former had been
permitted to wralk out of the trap. In
his own case, however, there was much
to be desired. Lying upon his back in
the uncertain hiding-place, no more
than a dozen feet separated him from
the two men standing in the street. The
least movement might betray his pres-
ence.

   He could shoot one of the Mexicans,
but the other and the half-dozen men on
horseback would be upon him before the
echo of the shot had died away. His
only hope of safety was to lie perfectly
still, trusting that the enemy would de-
part without having discovered him.

  A minute passed after Haddon had
left, then Mazatlan opened the conver-
sation abruptly.

   “ We are wasting time. Why have you
ridden so hurriedly from headquarters
to find me ? ”

  “ I was so ordered by Santa Anna.
There is business for you in the north,”
replied his companion.

  “ And the order I received not an
hour ago—to look for these American
spies ? ”

   “ Oh, you know Santa Anna is fond of
changing orders. We have seen that
before. But in this case it is really
something better than digging around
Chaleo, hunting for one or two mis-
erable spies. You may take a dozen or
even twenty of the Americans”

   “ Is it so? But I fancied being the
means of having these spies meet death
on the public plaza. Still, there is, as
you say, something in killing twenty
instead of two. It is a raid toward the
Rio Grande?”

  “ Perhaps not so far, but it may lead
you there,” answered Mazatlan s com-
panion. “ You remember that there is
an inn on the Acapulco road ? ”

  A protracted silence followed.

  When Mazatlan answered it was in a

hard voice.	.

  “ There arc several inns such as you

mention. But what of that?

  “ you know this particular one well

enough.”

  There was another pause, broken only
bv the rattle of a saber. Then Mazat-
lan asked in an impatient voice:

  “ Tell me what you have to say. I
am to take my men northward. What
has that inn to do with it? 3

  “ I was coming to that. A messen-
ger has just reached headquarters and
reported that certain of the Americans
may be found in the vicinity of this inn.

A detachment-”

  “ But our lines extend much farther
northward, and you would tell me the
Americans have ventured within a few
hours’ ride of Chaleo ? Those are dar-
ing fellows, but they cannot do every-
thing.” Mazatlan spoke in a sneering
tone.

  His companion uttered a low oath.

  “ It would seem,” he answered, “ that
it is possible for these northern devils
to ride where and when they will. It is
true many of our men are between this
inn and the American outposts, but to
avoid them seems not over difficult.

  “ That, however, is the business of
Santa Anna. He has sent me to com-
mand you to return at once to head-
quarters, w'hen he will himself tell }7ou
what is to be done. I shall accompany
you northward.”

  Mazatlan laughed harshly.

  “ In that case I may be able to show
you something, for not one of those
Americans will return. It has been a
week since my men tasted blood, and
you will see how they conduct them-
selves when we have the enemy sur-
rounded.

  “ I can tell you one thing: Santa
Anna is afraid; his temper grows worse
each day, and his whims arc without
number. You heard what happened to
him on the Acapulco road?”

    Who in Chaleo has not? And, to
tell the truth, f am not sorrv.”
THE ELEVENTH RIDER.

43

  •' That is because you hate him, and
you are related.”

  The Mexican officer shrugged his
shoulders so violently that his saber
rattled.

  “ You know what he is and what, in a
moment of passion, he is liable to do.
To-night he calls upon you to rid him
of these troublesome Americans; to-
morrow or the next day he may order
that you be thrust into prison. You
hate him as much as I do, and for the
same reason.”

  “ That will be seen at the proper-
time,” answered Mazatlan; “but at
present it is our business to fight these
Americans. When I strike a blow I
think of Mexico, not Santa Anna.
Come, we must go to headquarters im-
mediately, for I propose to be in the
saddle by sunrise. It is three hours of
hard riding to the place of which you
speak.”

  “ Then you will attack them if you
find them there ? ” asked his companion.

  “ It may be possible, or I may permit
them to walk into a trap. We shall
see.”

  The voices ceased, and Sergeant Brad-
ley heard receding footsteps. He
raised his head cautiously above the
edge of the shallow depression. One of
the cavalrymen who had accompanied
the Mexican officer was dismounting.
Mazatlan vaulted into the empty saddle.

  In another moment the little detach-
ment trotted slowly down the street, the
soldier who had given up his horse fol-
lowing leisurely. Only the guard 011 the
steps of the stone house remained.

  The Texan crawled cautiously out of
the hole and looked up and down the
deserted street. Then, keeping close
to the wall, lie followed the direction
which Haddon had taken and which
would bring him to the inn where he
had left the horses.

  He had scarcely turned the nearest
corner when he felt a pressure on his
arm. It was the Virginian, who had
stepped out from his hiding-place.

  “Well,” asked he, “what has hap-
pened ? ”

  “ I could have shot this Mazatlan
and did not do so,” answered the Texan
dryly. “ But I shall, to-morrow or the
next day.”

  Haddon saw the man had something
to tell him, but, knowing the Texan’s
peculiarities, waited.

  “ The prisoner you liberated from the
stone house will await us at the deserted
inn on the Acapulco road—was not that
the understanding?” asked Sergeant
Bradley.

  “ For forty-eight hours,” Haddon an-
swered.

  “ Then,” said the Texan quietly, “ no
time is to be lost if we would save him
and perhaps a scouting partv from fall-
ing into the hands of this Mazatlan.’’

  As briefly as possible he repeated the
conversation which had taken place be-
tween the two Mexicans.

  When he had finished, a look of de-
termination was visible on Haddon’s
face.

  “ Come,” said he grimly; “if we start
at once we will reach the; inn several
hours in advance of these Mexicans.”

  Tile tow'n of Chaleo had become
quiet, for it was long past midnight and
nearly every one had retired. In cer-
tain streets might be found sleepy
guards, but except near the headquar-
ters of the dictator they manifested
little vigilance.

  Haddon and the Texan reached the
inn where they had quartered their
horses without being molested. The
shed in which the animals stood was on
the opposite side of the street from the
hostelry. Without troubling them-
selves to arouse the landlord, the
Americans unfastened the door of the
shed and led out the horses. Even had
the landlord been awake, he would prob-
ably not have dared to question the
actions of two members of Santa Anna’s
army.

  Near the outskirts of the town a sol-
dier stepped into the middle of the road,
barring the way, and demanded in a
sleepy voice who rode forth at such an
hour.

  “And you ask such a question?”
answered Haddon sternly. “ Senor
Mazatlan is a little way behind. You
know how he deals with those who bar
his progress.”

  The Mexican sentinel growled some-
thing under his breath and moved sul-
lenly out of the path. It was plain he
did not desire to incur the anger of the
44

THE ARGOSY.

dreaded guerrilla leader by interfering
with what he believed to be his advance
guard.

  A quarter of an hour later Haddon
and the Texan were clear of Chaleo and
making toward the north. On each side
of the highway were the smoldering
campfires and silent forms of hundreds
of Santa Anna’s soldiers.

  Those who stood guard over their
sleeping comrades heard the sound of
horses’ hoofs upon the road, but such
noises, by night and day, were common
in the neighborhood of Chaleo.

CHAPTER XI.

  THE CONQUERING OF A DICTATOR.

  Almost at the very moment when the
two Americans, riding northward over
the Acapulco road, were passing the last
group of campfires, a startling incident
was taking place some miles in their
rear.

  Could Lieutenant Haddon have wit-
nessed what was occurring in a certain
room of a house- on the outskirts of
Chaleo, the problem with which he was
struggling would have seemed more
intricate and difficult of satisfactory
solution.

  In the opinion of the guard sta-
tioned at the door opening between the
veranda and the building itself in which
General Santa Anna had taken up his
residence an unusual thing had .taken
place.

   This was the third visit within half a
dozen hours of the same officer. It was
well understood throughout the army
that between certain officers and Santa
Anna no love was wasted, and one of
these officers was the guerrilla leader,
Mazatlan.

   It had even been rumored that these
two cordially hated each other, but that
the general, understanding the value of
the daring cavalryman in annoying the
Americans, hesitated to deprive himself
of so important an assistant. Except
upon a direct order, however, Mazatlan
was never seen at headquarters, and on
such occasions his visits were as brief
as possible.

   The guard detailed to watch the en-
trance which led into Santa Anna’s

presence knew that Mazatlan had been
summoned after the general s return
from his trying experience on the Ata-

^ It was also known lliat he had again
visited headquarters in company with
Captain Valeno an hour later What
was the Mexican’s surprise, therefore,
when some time after midnight he was
confronted by the disfigured face ol the

guerrilla ?	, . _ _ . ,

" He felt sure that a third order had
not summoned Mazatlan to an inter-
view, yet for the third time he passed
through the door which would admit
him into Santa Anna’s private apart-
ment.

   Having passed the sentinel, the vis-
itor walked straight to the foot of the
stairs which led up to the second story
of the building and mounted there
quietly.

  The sleeping chamber of Santa Anna
was on the second story, and after his
second interview with Mazatlan the
general had retired to his room. He
was already partially undressed when a
low knocking upon the door brought
an impatient expression to his lips.
Judging the person without to be an
orderly come with a message of impor-
tance, he gave the sharp command to
enter.

   The door opened to admit the form of
the unwelcome visitor. By the dim
light of the single candle which burned
in the chamber Santa Anna caught a
glimpse of the scarred face of the in-
truder, and a look of surprise crossed
his countenance.

   This surprise gave place to blank as-
tonishment and something more when,
having entered the room, his visitor
closed the door softly, and, coolly turn-
ing the key in the lock, dropped it into
the folds of his sash.

   Then for the first time he turned and
looked full in the face of the dictator of
Mexico.

  Santa Anna started and took a step
toward the table upon which lay his pis-
tols, but a stern command uttered in a
cold voice by the man who confronted
him checked the movement abruptly.

    Stand where you are. I have come
to ask a few questions. Do not lay
your hand upon those firearms."
THE ELEVENTH IilDER.

45

  The dictator of Mexico was naturally
a coward at heart, and there was some-
thing in the expression written on the
disfigured face before him which para-
lyzed all volition. His visitor under-
stood, and a horrible smile distorted
his Ups.

  " You will be seated, for I would not
keep you standing during our inter-
view,” said he quietly.

  Santa Anna partially recovered him-
self.

  “ How dare you ? ” he began in a fierce
voice. te What is the meaning of this
outrage, sir? I have but to raise my
voice, and-”

  The words died in his throat and he
shuddered, for he found himself gazing
into the muzzle of a pistol.

  “ You can cry out, but you will not
do so, for those who might answer that
call would find only your dead body,”
said the other in a cold voice. With
his left hand he motioned tovard an
empty chair.

  Santa Anna sank into it. His legs
were trembling and a cold perspiration
covered his forehead.

  “ Would you murder me—the savior
of Mexico?” he stammered in a fright-
ened voice.

  The other laughed. The appearance
of his face as he did so, marked as it
was by the two terrible red scars, was
horrible to look upon.

  “ That depends upon yourself. Do
you know why I am here? ” he asked in
a hard voice.

  Santa Anna felt himself grow hot
and cold by turns, but when the pistol
was lowered he regained a little courage.

  “ You have said it was to ask cer-
tain questions. If I consent to an-
swer-”

  “ Which you will. I)o you know who
T am? ” interrupted the other in a calm
voice.

  Santa Anna hesitated.

  “ At first 1 thought—for the light is

poor—I thought- In the name of

all the saints in paradise, what-?”

  The other interrupted coldly.

  “ It is evident that you are becoming
bewildered. It is also possible you
may have forgotten certain things no
longer of moment to the man who is
being driven back upon the capital by

the American invaders. One of these
things was only a little incident—to
you, senor—but—it gave me this.”

  He touched with the tips of his fin-
gers the two scars which, beginning
near the center of his chin, extended
upward to the bottom of his ears.

  A look of bewilderment came into
Santa Anna’s face.

  “In the name of God! And what
had I to do with such a thing? Do

you think that I-?”

  “ Gave me the wounds which pro-
duced these scars? We are coming to
that presently. It is evident the little
incident has escaped your memory.

  “ Perhaps you have even forgotten a
certain Perote who kept an inn on the
Acapulco road. Well, senor, I am that
Perote, and—I have sworn upon the
cross to kill three men.”

  A look of terror came into Santa
Anna’s face and a visible quiver passed
through his body.

  “ The inn on the Acapulco road ? As
God is my witness, I do not understand
what you are saying,” he stammered.

  Senor Perote’s lips twitched ner-
vously. It seemed as though a terrific
struggle was going on in his breast.

  “ Do not lie to me again, senor, as
you did on that day, else I may forget
that the man I have sworn to kill—the
man who called himself Senor Urrea
and tricked me into serving drugged
wine to two cavalrymen—is the General
Santa Anna, dictator of Mexico,” said
he in an awful voice.

  Santa Anna opened his mouth to
reply, but his tongue seemed paralyzed.
Senor Perote mastered himself by a
powerful effort.

  " You remember,” said he coldly.
“ It was an easy matter to deceive a
simple innkeeper whose heart was loyal
to Mexico. I permitted you to drug the
wine so the cavalrymen slept for hours,
but when they awoke they demanded of
me the papers which you had stolen, and
they gave me this—because you had dis-
appeared.”

  The dictator of Mexico passed his
tongue over his parched lips.

  “ As God is my witness, I knew noth-
ing of that, senor! Why should you
blame me because they tortured you?”
he cried hoarsely.
THE ARGOSY.

  “ Had you not lied to me and thus
found opportunity to rob them of cer-
tain papers they would have departed as
they came. I found myself lying on the
iloor, where they left me for dead. Do
you know what happened then, senor
when I discovered what had been done
to me? I swore to have revenge on
the man who called himself Senor Urrea,
on the fiends Amador and Valeno who
pressed the burning iron into my flesh.

  “ That oath I have in part fulfilled—
perhaps you know how; but something
yet remains.”

  As he uttered these words the face of
Senor Perote became livid.

  Santa Anna caught the sides of the
chair for support. His eyes were fixed
upon the pistol which this dreadful man
held in his hand. He moistened his Ups
repeatedly, then murmured in a faint
voice:

  “ Surely, senor, you have not come
here-to kill me—I, who am leading the
soldiers of Mexico to victory?”

  Senor Perote laughed harshly.

  “ Even you do not believe that, for
the Americans are advancing upon the
capital. But”—he paused for a mo-
ment—“ when I swore to kill the man
who called himself Senor Urrea 1 did
not know what position he held in Mex-
ico. It may he possible, senor, that a
way can be found to spare the person of
General Santa Anna.’'’

  The dictator swallowed nervously.

  “It is in my power to reward you
richly. Every man has his price. Tell
me yours, Senor Perote."

  The ex-innkeeper shrugged his shoul-
ders.

  “You would promise much to-night
ar.d forget to-morrow. You will per-
mit me to leave your presence because
you can not do otherwise. But at the
first opportunity you would have me
tortured. Still, being what you are, I
may allow you to live.”

  A little of the ghastly color left the
dictator’s face, but he still trembled vio-
lently.

  “ I would ask you why it was you lied
to me. For what purpose did Santa
Anna, ruler of Mexico, drug and rob two
of his officers?” asked Perote coldly.

  Santa Anna pressed his lips close to-
gether.

 « why do you demand to know
that? Perhaps it was a personal
matter,” he answered harshly.

  Believing he should be spared, some-
thing of his self-assurance was return-
ing.

  “ I am awaiting an answer,” said
Perote quietly.

  Santa Anna glanced at the stern set
face above him, and he saw something
there which warned him the danger
was not yet passed. Perote’s lips were
trembling and his deep-set eyes gleamed
fiercely.

  He resembled some terrible monster
from the mountain fastness more than
a human being.

  “ You would ask me why 1 desired the
papers? How can that knowledge
benefit you?” asked the dictator in a
hesitating voice.

  “ 1 am waiting,” replied Senor Perote
once more.

  “ Why I took the papers from Amador
and Valeno?”

  “ From Amador and Valeno, who tor-
tured me.”

  “ It was because I wished to have
them in my power—to force them to
serve me faithfully,” answered Santa
Anna in a hoarse voice.

  Senor Perote smiled grimly.

  “ And you took that way? It is easy
to see what occurred. An officer en-
trusted with important despatches mer-
its death if he,permits those despatches
to be taken from him. You stole the
papers from these men while they slept,
therefore they merited death, having
lost the papers.

  “It lay with you, their superior, and
you spared them—so long as they agreed
to serve you in all tilings. It was for
that I was tortured in the inn on the
Acapulco road. Because General Santa
Anna desired to rule through fear those
who would not otherwise do his bid-
ding.”

  Several minutes of silence followed.
To the man cringing in the chair they
seemed an hour. Finally Perote spoke,
in a voice filled with bitterness.

   It was something to become a
marked man—an object of loathing and
pitv to every one in the world. That is
what has happened to me; but there is
something more. I will tell you in
THE ELEVENTH RIDER.

47

order that vou may better understand
the bitterness which consumes me. '
lie drew his hand across his forehead,
on which large drops of perspiration had
gathered, then continued in a dull tone:
4i It so happened that a certain one
dwelling in the capital had promised to
marry me. There was no one in all
Mexico to compare with her. After this
thing happened I went southward and
appeared before her.

  “ You should be able to judge what
took place. A woman loves manly
beauty, and she is a woman. I have
lost more than life itself. I desire only
to die—after 1 have drained the cup of
revenge.”

  Santa Anna made no reply. For the
first time he understood how terrible
might be the vengeance of the man
before him,

  Senor Perote replaced the pistol in
his sash.

  “ I fear neither your anger nor the
hate of any man/’ said he fiercely. “ I
was a Mexican, but you see what Mexico
has done for me. 1 am resolved to
drink the cup of revenge to the very
dregs, and in doing so it is necessary
that Mexico suffer.

  “The soldiers sent to capture the
handful of Americans in the pass of El
Yidio returned with the news that their
victims had flown. It was I who
warned General Taylor and conducted
his messenger across the mountains. It
is believed by many that I am loyal to
Mexico, but from this hour you urill
know otherwise; and vet this knowledge
will profit you nothing.”

  His eves while he was speaking wan-
dered around the room and rested upon
a crucifix hanging above a small table
between the windows. He looked down
at the man cowering in the chair. Santa
Anna’s lips moved spasmodically. The
heavy lids of his black eves were half
closed, but under them shone a gleam
of cunning.

  He glanced up at the avenging figure
towering above him.

  “ You will kill Captain Valeno, per-
haps—as you did the other? ” he asked
in a strained voice.

  “At the proper lime. Opportunity
has been given me, but 1 choose my
own methods,” answered Perote coldly.

  The dictator of Mexico shuddered.

  “ Some things are worse than death,”
he muttered.

  Seiior Perote pointed to the crucifix.

  “ Remove it from the wall. Do you
hear me, seiior? ” said lie sternly.

  Santa Anna hesitated, then arose
from the chair, crossed the room and
took down the crucifix. An expression
of fear and perplexity was upon his
face.

  “ 1 know that to you a promise is
nothing, for your whole life is made up
of acts of treachery,” continued Perote
quietly.

  He pointed to the crucifix.

  “ Any man who accepts your word is
more than a fool, but an oath taken
upon the bleeding body of Christ is not
so easily broken. Swear to me, upon
that sacred emblem, that neither to-
night nor at any time will you seek to
destroy me; that, having departed from
this room, you will not seek to follow
or have me followed. Swear it, senor! ”

  A look of baffled rage crossed the dic-
tator’s face. He remained silent.

  “Swear!” ordered Perote; “swear,
seiior, or bv that sacred token I
will-?>

  He drew from his sash a long-bladed
knife and poised it in his right hand.

  The fingers which clasped the cruci-
fix trembled. A ghastly smile distorted
the lips of the ruler of Mexico. At the
last moment he was to be cheated of his
revenge.

  The face of Perote was something ter-
rible to look upon. The livid outlines
of the double scar seemed to deepen as
each second passed. He ran his fingers
gently along the keen edges of the knife
and took a step forward.

  It appeared as though the knees of
Santa Anna would give way under him.

  “ I swear it; on the cross I swear it! ”
he murmured in a hoarse voice.

  Senor Perote replaced the knife in
his sash.

  “ I will bid you adios, seiior,” said he
coldly, and deliberately turning his back
upon the man who hated him but whose
fangs he had drawn, he unlocked the
door, passed through it, and closed the
portal softly.

For a moment Santa Anna stood as
though rooted to the floor. His face was
48

THE ARGOSY.

white with passion and a thin froth
appeared upon his lips. It seemed as
though he would rush to the door and
call loudly to the guard below. His fin-
gers clutched convulsively upon the
ivory image in his hand. They re-
laxed and the crucifix dropped to the
floor.

  With a hoarse cry—the cry of a sav-
age beast cheated of its prey—the dicta-
tor of Mexico threw himself upon the
bed and tore the sheets into ribbons.

  Even he respected an oath taken on
the cross.

  Senor Perote descended the stairs and
walked out upon the veranda. The guard
saluted stiffly.

  “ The senor captain’s command have
but just passed. 1 wish, the senor suc-
cess at the inn on the Acapulco road/’
said he in a deferential voice.

  “ I thank you, senor,” answered
Perote coldly. “ I am generally suc-
cessful in what I undertake.”

  He descended the steps leading to the
ground and walked toward the town.

  The guard shrugged his shoulders and
muttered under his breath: “It is as
he says. Truly this Mazatlan is a terri-
ble man. I would rather meet the
devil than encounter him in anger.”

CHAPTER XII.

A GAP IN THE CIRCLE.

  The inn over which Senor Perote had
once officiated presented a gloomy and
forbidding appearance. The windows
were boarded over, the door loose upon
its hinges, and a heap of half-burned
embers and ashes marked the spot where
had once stood a likely stable.

  Some little distance back of this de-
serted hostelry was a low hill, the
summit of which was covered with
bushes and rank vegetation. At the
base of the hill, on "the side farthest
from the inn, a deep depression ex-
tended for perhaps half a mile toward
the north.

  At certain seasons of the year the
bottom of this ditch was covered with
water, but in the summer time was
dry, affording a comfortable shelter
lor any one desirous of concealing him-

  Late in the afternoon of tne aay
which had witnessed their departure
from Chaleo two men occupied this nat-
ural hiding-place. They were Lieuten-
ant Haddon and the Texan. The latter,
who had been examining the landscape
from the summit of the hill, had just
returned to his companion.

  “ Either he has gone astray or has
decided not to follow your suggestion,
for I take it for granted he has not
fallen again into the hands of the Mex-
icans,”’said he.

  “ Any of the three is possible, for had
he come straight from Chaleo he could
have reached this place shortly after
daybreak,” answered* the Virginian in
an anxious voice.

  “ As matters now stand, it would be
better that he avoid this neighborhood
as he would the devil’s hunting-ground.
There he would meet only one fiend of
hell, while somewhere out yonder are
twoscore or more, led by that wolf
Mazatlan.”

  Sergeant Bradley uttered this blunt
speech with an embellishment of choice
Texan oaths. JSIo less anxious than his
companion, he had a different way of
showing his disquietude.

  The Americans had grave cause for
apprehension. Anderson, the artillery-
man whom Haddon had liberated from
the stone house in Chaleo, had not ap-
peared at the rendezvous.

  Had he decided to push straight for
the American lines without waiting for
the Virginian to join him, as had been
agreed upon, all might be well, but if
he had lost his way or been forced to
make a wide detour to avoid the
Mexicans scattered over the country,
his delayed arrival at the inn might
prove his destruction.

  Somewhere behind the hills which
dotted the landscape lay Mazatlan and
Ins guerritlcros. To appear, pushing
forward in fancied security, would be to
walk into a trap which meant a speedy,
perhaps painful, death.

  Concerning the rumored approach of
a detachment of American cavalry, ITad-
don and his companion felt less coucern.

  Mazatlan’s plan was to permit the
northerners to ride farther into the
country where they would be ambuscad-
ed, or if they elected to take possession of
THE ELEVENTH RIDER.

49

the deserted tavern for a night, to sur-
round the place and fall upon them in
the darkness.

  Either of these plans could be frus-
trated by a timely warning.

  That Mazatlan should lead an expedi-
tion whose object was to wipe out the
expected party of Americans was an-
other mystery added to those with
which the Virginian was grappling, lie
had, however, come to a conclusion,
though one far from satisfactory. The
Mexican was conducting his method of
vengeancc in his own peculiar way;
secretly he aided the cause of the in-
vaders of his country, but openly before
the eyes of his followers he was proving
a stern foe to the Americans.

  In reaching this perplexing conclu-
sion Haddon had come to a definite de-
cision. It was his duty to capture this
guerrilla leader and put an end to his
depredations.

  As Mazatlan he would meet a merited
punishment at the hands of the Ameri-
cans, but as Perote, who had twice saved
him from death as a spy, the man's life
might be spared, though he would be
held a prisoner.

  Another phase of the mystery Had-
don had considered carefully, and the
true answer baffled him. Might it not
be possible that the Mexican was at
heart an enemy, but by professing
friendship and in twice saving him,
Haddon, he had hit upon a cunning plan
whereby he could obtain admittance to
the very headquarters of General Tay-
lor himself.

  As Perote he could learn the plans of
the hostile forces; as Mazatlan he could
convey these plans to Santa Anna. Such
was the uncertainty under which nad-
don labored. The only true solution of
the difficulty was to capture Mazatlan.

  For the twentieth time within an hour
the American crawled to the summit of
the hill. . The Texan, who by lifelong
practice possessed the keener vision
under such conditions, shaded his eyes
with his hand. Suddenly he turned
sharply and caught Haddon by the
shoulder.

  “ Look there, sir,” said he with con-
siderable excitement; “over there,
where the highway dips behind the hills.
It is a horseman.”

  Haddon followed the direction of the
outstretched finger. Far away a dark
blot on the landscape, a moving object,
was discernible. It was, as the Texan
had stated, a horseman, and he was
riding toward the deserted inn.

  The minutes dragged slowly. The
sun, approaching the summit of the
western hills, threw a yellow glare over
the uneven landscape. To the Ameri-
cans, waiting impatiently, it seemed that
never before had a traveler ridden so
leisurely.

  Each was thinking of the same thing.
Was the distant horseman a Mexican or
the man who had been saved from death
in Chaleo ?

  Regardless of all attempt at conceal-
ment, the Texan climbed to the top of a
rock and stood motionless, his eyes
focused on the moving figure. Ten
minutes passed, a quarter of an hour,
a half, then the Texan made an excited
movement.

  Some distance beyond the straight
stretch of road which ran past the front
of the inn the highway disappeared in a
hollow of the plain. Sergeant Bradley
had watched the horseman ride into this
depression. For perhaps three minutes
he was lost to view, and then something
happened.

  The Tider had entered the hollow
leisurely; when he reappeared on the
side nearest the inn his horse was gal-
loping furiously. A cloud of dust, aris-
ing like a puff of yellow smoke, sur-
rounded him.

  The Texan and Haddon could see that
the man was urging the horse forward
bv even,' means in his power. At inter-
vals he turned and looked behind him.

  A dozen, fifty, a hundred rods nearer,
and the reason for the metamorphosis
became apparent. Behind, from out
the hollow, a second and a third horse-
man issued, striving to overtake the
first. The pursuing riders were Mexi-
can guerrilleros.

  Sergeant Bradley dropped from the.
rock into the shelter of the bushes be-
side Haddon.

  “ It is the man we have been waiting
for. He has obtained a horse some-
where, but he cannot outride those
devils who are chasing him,” he burst
out excitedly.

4	A
50

THE ARGOSY.

  Haddon did not answer. His atten-
tion was riveted upon the race toward
the deserted inn.

   To reach this goal of temporary safety
was the object of the fugitive; to over-
take him on the highway the purpose of
the Mexicans.

   Suddenly a puff of smoke arose above
the neck of the first of the pursuing
horsemen; the dull crack of a carbine
shot echoed among the hills.

   Sergeant Bradley made a fierce ges-
ture.

  “ My God, sir. he has no chance! ”
cried he bitterly.

  But it appeared the Mexican's aim
had been bad, for the first horseman
dashed on with unabated speed,
lashing his mount madly with his
clenched hands.

   A fourth, a fifth, a dozen horsemen
arose as though by magic from the hol-
low, stringing out along the highway in
the rear of the first two Mexicans.
There was a second puff of smoke and a
second report. A sharp exclamation
simultaneously escaped the two Ameri-
cans.

  The horse Tidden by the fugitive
wavered, swayed unsteadily, yet kept on,
but with speed visibly lessened. A
hoarse shout, a crv of triumph, arose
from the pursuing guerriUeros. The
flash of a drawn saber glittered in the
yellow sunlight.

  Sergeant Bradley was trembling in
every limb.

   “ God, sir! ” he cried. “ And we lie
here while they butcher him before our
eyes! ”

   He was upon his feet, his pistol in his
right hand. The reckless bravery of
the man was asserting itself, and he
saw only the wounded horse and its
luckless rider. That the pursuing Mexi-
cans numbered a dozen was of secondary
consideration.

  Haddon seized him by the arm.

   “ What are you going to do? ” he de-
•manded sharply.

   The Texan jerked himself loose, took
a step forward, and then stopped sud-
denly.

  •Look,” he cried; “look at that,
sir!"

   A wonderful thing had happened. It.
seemed as if the angel of fate had inter-

posed an invisible barrier between the
victim and the bloodthirsty devils who
pursued him.

  The wounded horse had come to a
dead stop in the center of the highway.
At that moment the desperate artillery-
man leaped from the saddle and dashed
on foot toward the door of the inn, not
twenty rods away.

  Scarcely had' his feet touched the
ground when the stricken horse col-
lapsed, tumbling in a shapeless heap in
the middle of the road. The foremost
gucrrillero, golloping madly forward,
could not check his mount in time.“The
knees of his own beast struck the pros-
trate body of the dying horse. It was
as though a thunderbolt had descended
from heaven and palsied the hand which
was preparing to wield the fatal saber.

  The shock of the contact hurled the
Mexican from his saddle; he shot for-
ward through space, turned a half-
somersault in midair, and struck the
ground with terrific force twenty feet
from the spot where his horse had
fallen.

  A shout of rage arose from the other
gucrrilleros; the second pursuer checked
his horse just in time to avoid the fate
of his companion. In the middle of the
road lay the Mexican, his neck broken,
and t wo struggling animals.

  It is probable that the man who so
narrowly escaped a saber stroke did not
realize what had occurred, for without
looking back he ran at top speed over
the distance which separated him
lrom the inn, dashed through the
door, and slammed the latter "behind
him.

  From their point of observation
Iladdon and his companion saw the-
Mexicans ride up one l»y one and dis-
mount beside the dead 'gnerrillero and
stiffening horses.

  They were too far away to permit of
their words being audible, but gestures
aie frequently as potent as words, and
it was evident that a fate even worse
than death would overtake the man in
the inn should he fall into the power of
such captors.

  1 lie first body of Mexicans numbered
ten or a dozen, but now others appeared
ridmg out of the hollow. Two rode
side by side in advance.
THE ELEVENTH RIDER.

51

  A dark look settled over the face of
the Texan. •

  “If I am not mistaken, yonder is
Mazatlan and the fellow he called
Valeno. Those Greasers will not re-
main for long staring stupidly at a dead
man,” said he.

  The surmise was correct. Upon the
approach of the two horsemen the
Mexicans standing in the road drew
back.

  One of the. riders rode close to the
dead guerrillcro, appeared to put a ques-
tion, then turned with a sharp gesture.

  At the same moment the horsemen
who had dismounted climbed hastily
into their saddles.

  “ Mazatlan is giving orders,” mut-
tered the Texan; “now we shall see
what will happen.”

  “ They are going to attack the inn,”
answered Iladdon.

  The Texan uttered a sharp oath.

   “ If they go about it in the right way,
it is all up with that daring fellow in-
side; he can’t hold out five minutes,”
muttered he.

  “ Wait,” said the Virginian; £C they
will not rush the house, as we might do.
It is not the Mexican guerrillero’s
method of fighting. They know the
man inside is an American and that an
American can shoot straight when
necessary. They do not propose to risk
losing a man or two when they can ac-
complish their purpose in another way.”

  The Texan gave vent to a fiery oath,
which seemed to partially relieve his
feelings.

   “If it were possible to get down there,
who knows what would happen? With
three of us behind the walls, this Mazat-
lan might receive a lesson he would not
forget in a hurry.”

  Haddon shook his head.

  “It would be useless, and we should
only walk into a trap. Even if we could
hold the house for a few hours, it would
end the same way, for our ammunition
would soon be exhausted and we should
be overpowered or roasted alive,” said
lie soberly.

  Sergeant Bradley made an impatient
gesture.

   “ That is excellent reasoning, sir, but
I will agree to kill half a dozen of those
fellows before they take me. Mazatlan

will be the first to get a bullet through
the head. That is something.”

  Iladdon smiled faintly. The little
man at his side was terribly in earnest,
and the contempt which he felt for the
Mexicans was visible in ever)7 word and
action.

  Left alone, he would have dashed
down the hill into the inn and died
fighting like a demon. The paramount
desire of a Texan ranger was to kill as
man}' Mexicans as possible. The Vir-
ginian remained silent for several mo-
ments, then-nodded in the direction of
the western hills.

  “ Daylight is passing, and the moon
does not rise till close on midnight,”
said he. “ What these Mexicans intend
to do will he done after nightfall, but
of one thing we may be assured. They
will not attack the inn directly, for by
doing so a certain number of firearms
will be discharged, and that is just what
Mazatlan wishes to avoid. He did not
come here to capture a single prisoner,
but to ambush the detachment of cav-
alry which he believes may pass through
this neighborhood.

  “ If he attacks the inn and shots are
exchanged, the noise would warn who-
ever was in the vicinity that an enemy
was near. I do not doubt the Mexicans
will try to capture the man who has
taken possession of the house yonder,
but it will not be by a direct attack.

  “ What we must do is to wait until
darkness, and it may then be possible
to take some action. In the mean time,
all that we can do is to remain under
cover and warn our cavalry of the pres-
ence of the guerrilleros under Mazatlan,
provided any of our cavalry are in this
neighborhood.”

  .Sergeant Bradley glanced at the
horsemen on the highway.

  “ It is as you say, sir: Mazatlan will be
careful about making too much noise,
and—see there: they are up to some-
thing/’

  Haddon looked through the bushes.
Several of the Mexicans had again dis-
mounted and were dragging the fallen
horses from the highway. A couple
lifted their dead comrade and laid him
across one of the saddles. Mazatlan
appeared to be giving directions. The
horsemen spread out to the left and
52

THE ARGOSY.

right and a single Mexican turned his
mount and galloped back toward the
hollow.

  £< It is as 1 thought/* said Haddon
quietly. “ It is their purpose to place
guards on every side of the inn, so that
the man in there will have no oppor-
tunity of making his escape. It is plain
that this guerrilla'leader is no bungler."

  Several of the Mexican horsemen
were already crossing the fields on either
side of the inn, their purpose being to
form a circle of men completely around
the building.

  " It appears/’ said the Texan dryly,
“ that we are to be surrounded.'’

  “ Which proves it fortunate that we
left our horses a mile or more from this
spot. Let us see what these fellows are
going to do,” replied the Virginian.

  The Mexicans who had Separated
themselves from the main body were
following the arc of a great circle. At
certain points in this circle a horseman
pulled up and retired to the shelter of a
clump of bushes or behind a rise of
ground.

  The inn was now surrounded on three
sides; a single guerrillero continued on
his course. He was the man detailed to
take his position directly in the rear of
the deserted hostelry.

  The Virginian and his companion
looked at each other and a grim expres-
sion of satisfaction came into the face
of the Texan.

  The lone guerrillero had completed
half of the arc of the circle, and on his
left and right his companions had sta-
tioned themselves, perhaps a quarter of
a mile separating the watchers. The
Mexican pulled up his horse and looked
carefully around him; he had been or-
dered bv Mazatlan to take a position
directly to the north of the inn, and he
wa’s examining the ground to discover
the most likely hiding-place. His eyes
fell upon the low hill crowned by the
thick fringe of bushes and rank vegeta-
tion; it commanded every rod of
ground in the rear of the house anti
afforded an excellent view in all direc-
tions.

  The guerrillero gathered up his reins
and began slowly to approach the base
of the hill. Beaching the ascent, he
led his horse up the incline.

  At the top he halted and again ex-
amined his surroundings; the dry ditch
appealed to him as an excellent hiding-
place for a horse. He descended the
farther side of the hill and entered the
hollow, still leading his steed by the
bridle.

  A soft step sounded behind him. It
might have been the noise made bv a
rabbit scurrying away in fright. The
Mexican turned his head quickly, but
what he saw was only a fleeting vision.

  A hand closed like a steel vise about
his throat, and something flashed in the
fading sunlight.

  A sharp pain darted through the
guerrillerg’s body—a pang of agony
which ceased almost as soon as it began.
The inert body of a man dropped noise-
lessly to the ground and lay without
motion.

  Sergeant Bradley bent down and
wiped the blade of his knife upon the
dead man’s embroidered jacket. Turn-
ing, he faced Haddon.

  “I fancy, sir,” he said grimly, “that
when the time comes Mazatlan will find
a gap in the circle which he has drawn
about the inn down there.”

CHAPTER XIII.

WHAT THE MOON SAW.

  The moon, balancing in a cloudless
sky, bathed the landscape in a light of
weird silver. Somewhere among the dis-
tant hills a lone wolf howled "dismally.
Sergeant Bradley swore softly.

  Since the sun had set, a yellow ball in
the west, be had watched from the sum-
mit of the hill behind tlu* inn of Senor
Perote. It was well toward midnight,
and nothing had happened.

  Looking down upon the roof of the
tavern and beyond across the unculti-
vated fields, he saw only desolation—not
a living object stirring, not a sound ex-
cept. those incident to the night. Yet
he knew that in the silent hostelry the
prisoner who had escaped from the
stone house of Chaleo kept vigilant
guard; that among the hills which bor-
dered on the deserted fields Mazatlan’*
guf’rrilleroft were patiently waiting for
the handful of unsuspecting riders from
the north.
THE ELEVENTH RIDER.

53

  The presence of the dead man lying
in the ditch near by held no terror for

him, but the Texan chafed at inactivity.
A pistol shot, the sound of hoof-beats,
the voices of men riding in the moon-
light would bring twoseore yelling dev-
ils from cover, but none of these things
came.

   Only silence and the play of the weird
shadows upon the hills.

  He knew that Iladdon was some-
where in his rear, watching the highway
from the north. Did they come at all,
that was the road over which the de-
tachment of American scouts would
approach the inn.

  For want of better occupation, he
drew hi? knife and began to hack at the
roots of the bush behind which he lay.

  Suddenly he paused, the blade sus-
pended in the air.

  Somewhere on his right, some dis-
tance off, the sound of approaching feet
broke the stillness of the night. lie sat
upright and listened.

  The sound grew clearer—the crunch,
crunch of feet upon the flinty soil.
Sergeant Bradley transferred the knife
to his left hand and with his right
drew from his sash a pistol. Acute of
hearing, he knew that not more than
one or two persons were approaching.

  Was it Haddon or an enemy?

  The crunching upon the stones drew
nearer, and peeping through the bushes
the Texan could make out the forms of
two men silhouetted in the moonlight.
The grasp of his fingers upon his
weapons tightened. The men were
Mexicans.

  A voice broke the silence with a few
words uttered in Spanish, but they told
Sergeant Bradley what he wished to
know—why the soldiers of Santa Anna
had appeared suddenly before him. It
was an officer with his escort making the
rounds of the guards who formed the
circle enclosing the inn. It was Ma-
zatlan’s desire to see that none of these
guards was sleeping.

  A wild hope found birth in the Tex-
an’s breast, and he leaned eagerly for-
ward. What if the officer should be Ma-
zatlan himself! He had sworn to shoot
Mazatlan.

  The Mexicans were standing motion-
less a dozen rods away—so far that Ser-

geant Bradley could not distinguish
faces. The one who had before spoken
turned toward his companion.

  “ He is stationed somewhere on this
hill. It will be bad for him if we find
him asleep among the bushes,” said he
roughly.

  “ With Senor Valeno’s permission I
will go forward and look for him,'3 an-
swered the second Mexican.

  Sergeant Bradley experienced a pang
of disappointment. It was not, then,
Mazatlan—only a miserable Mexican
officer, the man who had talked with
Mazatlan opposite the stone house in
Chaleo.

   The soldier evidently obtained silent
consent to follow his suggestion, for he
walked across the slope of the hill, pul-
ing some distance to the right of the
crouching American. Captain Valeno
remained alone, leaning carelessly on
his saber.

  Several minutes passed. The silence
became oppressive. Sergeant Bradley,
lurking behind his bush, began to won-
der what had become of the absent
soldier.

  The thought even came to him to
crawl noiselessly upon the waiting offi-
cer and strike before he c-ould cry out.
But he only smiled grimly. It would be
time enough for action if the second
Mexican discovered the guard was miss-
ing or that his body lav at the bottom of
the dry ditch.

  Impatient as he was to throw him-
self upon a hated enemy, the Texan
knew a false move might be fatal to the
instructions Haddon had given him. It
was his duty to watch, not to engage in
a combat on the hilltop, with a dozen of
Mazatlan’s guerrilleros within hearing
distance. He wotdd fight only if it be-
came necessary.

  The time lengthened. Captain Va-
leno moved impatiently and began to
look carefully about him. He advanced
a few yards nearer to the silent Texan,
stopped, and swore fiercely.

  “ Where are you, Sartillo ? Why in
the devil’s name are you loitering: is the
guard not here? ” he called in an angry
voice.

  Sergeant Bradley expected to hear a
reply, but only silence answered the im-
•patient demand. Captain Valeno swore
54

THE ARGOSY.

for the second tune and his saber rat-
tled.

    Sartillo, you devil, where are you ?
Adi 1 to stand here all night? " he de-
manded fiercely.

  Suddenly a figure appeared, advanc-
ing through the moonlight toward the
angry Mexican. Sergeant Bradley
thought ir was the tardy Sartillo come
to report that the guard was nowhere
to be found.

  Captain Valeno heard the footsteps
approaching him and turned sharply, a
torrent of abuse upon his lips. But it
was not forthcoming. The Texan saw
him start violently, peer forward, and a
question took the place of the oaths he
would have uttered.

  “ It is you, Senor—Mazatlan ? I am
waiting for-"

  A look of the keenest satisfaction
leaped into the eyes of the American.
He half-raised the muzzle of his pistol,
his finger toying with the trigger. Then
a strange thing happened.

  The man whom Captain Valeno had
addressed as Mazatlan, whom he had
plainly recognized by the livid double
scar, sprang like a wild beast toward the
throat of his own officer.

  Captain Valeno uttered the single
cry “ Oh, God!” and went down with a
crash which sent the stones rattling
down the hillside.

  Then before the eyes of the aston-
ished Texan a terrific struggle took
place. A shriek of agony echoed
across the hills, the glitter of steel
flashed thrice in the moonlight, and one
of the combatants arose to his feet.

  All thought of using the pistol he held
vanished from the Texan’s mind. He
sat motionless, staring at the figure of
the man standing above his groaning
victim.

  Suddenly this man bent down and
peered into the face of the form upon
the ground. A hoarse laugh reached
the Texan's ears—a laugh which made
him shudder, though lie had faced death
a hundred times. And close upon this
sound, more demoniacal than human,
a voice rang out across the hill.

  “It is thus Perote repays those who
injure him, senor. A hundred times
have I held my hand when opportunity
was given me to strike becau.se I chose to

find you near the inn where you tortured
me. You have ventured near that inn
to-night, Senor Valeno.”

  The Mexican upon the ground strug-
gled to a half-sitting posture. Sergeant
Bradley could not see his face, but he
knew that he was desperately wounded.

  Valeno raised one hand toward the
man who gloated over him.

  “ Mercy, senor! In the name of God,
spare me!” he cried in a trembling
voice.

  “ And you ask that—you who blew
upon the charcoal that the iron might
heat more quickly? Did you spare me
then, Seiior Valeno? ”

  “ In the name of Heaven, as you hope
for forgiveness! It was a mistake. We
believed you had taken the paper, and,
the paper missing, death stared us in the
face. And that Urrea—it was he who
caused it—I can direct you to him, that
you may strike-”

  “ Then you think I do not know.
Perhaps Santa Anna, dictator of Mex-
ico, might tell you differently. It was
in truth that Urrea who lied to me in
order to obtain the paper; he lied, but—
he did not torture,” answered Seiior
Perote coldly.

 The wounded man, overcome by
weakness, fell back upon the ground,
yet he continued to cry out feebly, beg-
ging for mercy. Seiior Perote laughed
for the second time.

  “ You expect that, and I have killed
an innocent, man in order to reach you?
I struck down the soldier who accompa-
nied you to this place, and lie had never
injured me. Do you think, then, I will
spare you—who took the iron from the
fire ? ”

  He uttered the words with awful
calmness, and his disfigured face in the
white light was the pitiless face of a
demon.

  Captain Valeno threw up his arms
and shrieked in terror. Through the
mist of blood which covered his eyes he
could only vaguely distinguish the form
of his enemy.

  In the weird light the form of the ex-
innkeeper seemed to be floating in a
wave of crimson which surged backward
and forward like the surface of the sea.

  Suddenly Perote bent down and said
in n cold voice:
THE ELEVENTH RIDER,

55

  “ Yes, senor, I will grant you mercy—
the mercy you denied me when i lay
bound upon the floor of my own house.
Had you killed me then you would have
been merciful—that mercy I will grant
you, Captain Valeno.”

  lie raised the knife and struck down-
ward. At the first blow the man upou
the ground shrieked wildly. After the.
second he lay perfectly still.

  The spell was broken. Sergeant
Bradley sprang to his feet and raised
)•«is pistol. Its muzzle covered the man
who was wiping the blade of his knife
upon the jacket of the victim. The
Texan’s finger pressed the trigger, hut
no flash or report answered the falling
of the hammer. The weapon refused to
he discharged.

  Sergeant Bradley uttered a sharp
oath and hurled the useless weapon into
the bushes, but if it was his intention to
attack the man before him with his
knife it was too late.

  Senor Perote darted away with the
swiftness of a mountain wildcat and was
at the foot of the hill before the Texan
realized he was gone.

  Leaning forward, he watched the hazy
figure hastening across the level ground
which lay between the elevation and the
silent inn. A slight noise sounded be-
hind him; he .turned quickly, the knife
held ready for defense, but there was no
need to use it.

  Two men were pushing through the
undergrowth, and the first way Lieuten-
ant Haddon.

  “ In God’s name,” demanded the Vir-
ginian breathlessly, “ ,vhat has taken
place? Have you been attacked?”
“No; but I have seen the devil,
dressed like a Mexican. You will find
two dead men lying over there,” an-
swered the Texan dryly.

  lie seized Haddon by the arm.

  “ 1 have seen many strange things
and have gone through some myself, but
to see a Mexican officer murder in cold
blood two of his own followers startles
one a little. That is what has just oc-
curred. Do you know who has been
here? Mazatlan! If it were not for
that corpse yonder I should believe I
had been dreaming.”

  11c glanced curiously at the man who
  was standing behind the Virginian.

  “You have found some one?” said
he.

  “ It is Anderson, and over yonder
the road is black with our own cavalry-,
men,” was Haddon's unexpected an-
swer.

  For a moment Sergeant Bradley re-
mained perfectly quiet, an expression of
bewilderment on his face.

  “ God knows, sir, there has never
been weak-minded ones in my family,
but 1 have seen that over there, and now
I am to believe a miracle has happened.

I	have scarcely taken my eves from that
inn for four hours, and during that time
no one has left it, yet you tell me thin is
the man who barricaded himself behind
its walls.”

  “ Which is the truth. And who do
you think led him so unexpectedly out
of that trap? It was Mazatlan! ’’ re-
plied the Virginian.

  The Texan passed his fingers through
his hair.

  “ Tell me that our army i.s already in
the capital of Mexico. • It only requires
that to convince me that the moonlight
has turned my brain. A moment ago I
saw this guerrilhro leader slay his own
officer, and now you tell me it was he
who took the man he wished to kill out
of that house.”

  “You are not mad, for that is just
what has happened. You know that
this inn was a very old one and that
many of the old houses in Mexico arc
provided with secret entrances and
exits. Anderson was in there watching
the doors and windows when a step
sounded in the room next to the one
he occupied. The next moment a man
appeared in the doorway—a man whose
face was disfigured by dreadful scars.

  “It was Mazatlan?” muttered the
Texan.

  “ Who else? Anderson would have
shot him, when the fellow spoke.

  “ 4 Lower your pistol,senor,for I have
come to take you out of this place. Be-
hind the house are waiting those who
will save you from the gucrritteros. One
is the Senor Haddon?”

  “In God’s name! Mazatlan knows
that we are here?” broke in the Texan.

  “ It would appear so, else he could not
have told Anderson. At any rate, our
countryman decided to trust this
56

THE ARGOSY.

strange creature, determining to shoot
him at the first sign of treachery. But
the Mexican did exactly as he promised.

  “ Going on in front, he led Anderson
to the mouth of a trap door which gave
into a passage running beneath the
ground. Reaching the end of this pas-
sage. our comrade found himself in a
dense covering of bushes. His myste-
rious guide turned and pointed to the
left.

  “ ‘ Go, senor. That way will bring you
to the highroad, beyond the circle of the
guerrillerossaid he quietly, and disap-
peared.”

  “ It is -God's truth,v broke in the ar-
tilleryman ; “ it happened just as Lieu-
tenant Haddon has stated. I followed
the direction and came out upon the
highway. Xot fifty feet away a body
of horsemen were sitting silently in
their saddles, and Lieutenant Haddon
was talking to one of them.”

  “ It was the cavalry we have been ex-
pecting, which the Mexicans proposed
to ambush,” added the Virginian. Then,
with a grim smile: “ But something else
will happen. It is not a single detach-
ment of onr scouts who are waiting back
there, but—the advance guard of our
army. General Taylor has scattered the
Mexicans in the north and is advancing
vpun Chaleo.'’

  “ And Mazatlan ? ” Sergeant Brad-
ley put the question as one who did not
clearly comprehend whether he was
awake or dreaming.

  “ We may learn more of Mazatlan
later,” answered Haddon gravely. He
was wondering what the next few hours
would bring forth—what would happen
when the moment arrived for which the
twoscore guerrilleros from Chaleo were
waiting.

  He left the Texan’s side and walked
across the intervening space which sep-
arated him from the still figure lying on
the ground.

  Captain Valeno lay upon his back, his
faeo turned toward the cloudless sky.
Looking down, Haddon thought to meet
only the stony gaze of one who had died
a violent death, but what lie saw caused
him to turn quicklv away.

  The face of the dead Mexican was
Flashed so horribly as to be unrecogniz-
able even bv his closest friend, and_

these terrible wounds had been inflicted
before the fatal knife thrust pierced his
heart.

CHAPTER XIV.

  THE REVENGE OF SENOR PEROTE.

  The plan which Lieutenant Haddon
and the commander of the regiment of
American cavalry had formulated was
extremely simple, but it gave promise of
bringing about a desired result—that
of drawing an'attack from the Mexican
guerrilleros.

  The force of northern horsemen out-
numbered Maza Han’s followers ten to
one, and from these five hundred odd
troopers a detail of twenty-five were
selected.

  These, under the command of Had-
don and one of their own sub-officers,
separated themselves from the main
body, which had halted two miles to the
north of the inn.

   The horses were put into a gallop and
advanced with considerable noise along
the highway to the door of the hostelry.
The Mexicans, watching from their
hiding-places, saw these apparently un-
suspecting invaders dismount and pre-
pare to bivouac for the remainder of the
night. Some entered the inn, from
whose chimney smoke presently ap-
peared;.others led the horses behind the
building and began to search about for
fodder.

  Not many moments after the Ameri-
cans had begun such preparations a mes-
senger entered the main camp of the
guerrilleros, which was situated in a de-
pression half a mile south of the inn.

  He reported what had taken place—
that within an hour the enemy, whom-
Mazatlan had ridden northward from
Chaleo to crush at a single blow, would
be sleeping the sleep of exhausted men.
Ihen would come the opportunity for
which he waited.

   Mazatlan, his back propped against a
tree, a cigarette between his lips, heard
the report and smiled grimly. Could
Lieutenant Haddon have seen that
smile he might have doubted the sur-
mise at which he had arrived—-that the
guerrilla leader would in .some manner
sacrifice Ins command. The Virginian
had become firmly convinced that Senor
THE ELEVENTH RIDER.

57

Perote was in truth a traitor to Mexico,
and that he had led tlie guerrilieros
northward to give them over to the
Americans.

  llow this would be accomplished re-
mained! a mystery, but in any case,
whether or no his surmise should prove
<o be correct, the result, must be the
same. What chance would forty-odd
Mexicans stand against a regiment of
General Taylor’s picked cavalry?

  Mazatlan tossed aside the cigarette
and gave a few sharp orders. The first
was that the sentinels should be called
in from their stations upon the hills;
the second, that his men should prepare
for combat—a combat in which no quar-
ter should be given.

  A sub-officer, a mere boy from the
district of Cerro Gordo, approached his
commander.

  “ The Senor Valeno is still absent,
senor,” said he; “ it is reported by one
of the sentinels that strange cries were
heard upon the hills. Can it be possi-
ble-?”

  Mazatlan was rolling another cigar-
ette. He paused and looked into the
face of the young guerrillero.

  “ It was the wolves the fool heard,
Molino. Doubtless Senor Valeno is
watching these Americanos. He will
turn up at the right time,” said he, not
u n kindly.

  The lad was the brother of the man
who lay dead upon the hill back of the
inn.

  Mazatlan lighted the cigarette and
blew a puff of smoke toward the waning
moon. A swarthy sergeant stepped
before him and saluted.

  “ Two of the men are still absent,
senor,” he reported.

  “ Bomind me of that afterward—
when we have wiped out these Ameri-
canos. I know how to deal with those
who are absent at such a time,” said he
gru ffly.	. -

  An hour passed. Mazatlan called the
young guerrillero to him.

  “ Order the men into their saddles.
Molino. The fools are sleeping soundly
by this time. And remember—there is
to be no quarter. If one of these
Americanos is alive at sunrise, I shall
know the reason,” said he sharply.

  The expression which settled over the

disfigured face was not pleasing to look
upon. It boded ill for the enemies of
Mexico.

  Molino had seen it frequently before,
and each time luckless American us had
been slaughtered without mercy.

  The Mexican horsemen moved in a
straggling line across the fields toward
the inn, stretching out until they
formed a circle broken only at one
point.

  Mazatlan had drawn his saber, and
the twoscore men on either side of him
unslung their carbines. The trained
cavalry horses broke into a brisk trot as
the circle of evil faces and shining steel
closed in upon a common center.

  The solitary sentinel standing before
the door of the inn looked across the
fields and saw the rapidly approaching
line of horsemen. lie had received his
instructions, and waited coolly—the ap-
proaching riders were not yet within
carbine shot.

  The sound of galloping horses became
distinctly audible. Suddenly the sen-
tinel raised his carbine and fired, turned
quickly, and sprang through the open
door of the inn.

  It was what Mazatlan expected. The
shot would awaken the sleeping Ameri-
cans, but before they could seize their
arms and defend the house his guerril-
ieros would be upon them.

  A fierce Spanish yell echoed across
the fields. A tumult of liorses and
swarthy-faced riders swept like a whirl-
wind upon the inn from three sides, a
dozen carbines flashed, the bullets shat-
tering the boards over the windows.

  The foremost of the guerrilieros
hurled his horse against the door, beat-
ing upon it with his saber.

  Had the men within been suddenly
awakened from sleep, nothing could
have withstood so sudden and un-
expected an attack. As it was, a score
of Mexicans had thrown themselves
from their saddles and were rushing for-
ward, forcing an entrance through the
doorway.

  II	seemed as though those within the
house must be stricken motionless with
terror and surprise. No one opposed
the mad onrush of tl\e yelling guerril-
ieros—not a shot answered the discharge
of the hostile carbines.
58

THE ARGOSY.

  A dozen Mexicans had forced their
way through the doorway with ready
pistols and uplifted saber, but no one
fired and not a single blade descended.

  Because only blackness and utter
silence greeted those who were prepared
to engage in mortal combat. Had the
Mexicans discharged their pistols, had
they struck—the bullets and the saber
blades would have been wasted on the
empty air.

  The interior of the inn contained not
a single American!

  The guerrilleros who had forced their
way through the door stood motionless;
those who pressed behind paused in
amazement.

  A horseman forced his way to the
threshold. It was Mazatlan.

  “ In the fiend’s name," he shouted
fiercely, “ what is this? If they will not
fight, kill them where they kneel.”

  A voice from within the inn answered
hoarsely:

  “ We cannot, senor, for—there is no
one here to kill! ”

  The guerrillero leader threw himself
from his saddle and rushed over the
threshold. .

  “What devil’s trick is this? Where
are the Americanos? ” he shouted.

  The guerrilleros gave way before him;
a number began to cross themselves.
Mazatlan glared into the darkened
room.

  “A light! What are you waiting
for?” He struck the Mexican nearest
him with the hilt of his sword. One of
the men tore off his jacket, rolled it to-
gether and set fire to the cloth. The
flame flared up and showed the room
—empty.

  “ Fire the house! ” shouted Mazatlan;
“ if they are in the cellar-”

  One of the guerrilleros touched him on
the arm.

  “ Pardon, senor, but now I remem-
ber: 1 have heard that upon the Aca-
pulco road was an inn which was pro-
vided with a secret passage. It may be

possible-”

    A thousand devils! Why did you
not think of that before? They have
escaped that way, but we will catch
them in the hills,” shrieked Mazatlan.

  He rushed through the door and out.
into the moonlight. The guerrilleros

who were in the house poured after
him and half had regained their sad-
dles. Mazatlan had gathered up his
reins, when above the tumult of shout-
ing, cursing men arose a sound familiar
to every cavalryman—the regular muf-
fled thunder of innumerable horses’
hoofs, pounding, pounding upon a hard
roadbed. A frenzied yell came from the
guerrilleros on the outskirts of the
crowd which pressed about the door of
the inn. These, looking up the high-
way, saw an avalanche of dark forms
advancing in the moonlight.

  As it approached, the front of this
swiftly moving mass spread out into the
fields on either side of the road. A
sheet of flame burst from the advancing
line, the air was filled with leaden rain
which buzzed like a swarm of angry
bees, and a dozen Mexicans tumbled
from their saddles.

  On the instant Mazatlan compre-
hended what had happened. lie, not
the Americans, had been ambuscaded.
He would have given no mercy, and—he
asked for none.

  Shouting a sharp order, he wheeled
his horse and spurred toward the ad-
vancing horde of northern cavalrymen
with a score of his guerrilleros following
him, and in a moment Mexicans and
Americans were mingled in a strug-
gling melee.

  Haddon, riding in the front rank of
the attacking lines, saw a number of
swarthy, passionate faces confronting
him. lie warded off a saber stroke and
cut down the Mexican who was pushing
his horse against his own.

  As the man fell, another pressed for-
ward from behind him. This second
guerrillero was clad in a gold-embroid-
ered jacket and fought like a d emon;
his face, dark with passion, was dis6g-
ured by two livid scars.

  The press of horsemen before and
behind forced ijiese two so closely to-
gether that they gazed into each other's
eyes, but in those of the Mexican came
no look of recognition.

  For an instant Iladdon saw the wild
ferocity which doubly distorted the hid-
eous features, then his horse swerved to
the right. It was all that saved him
from a fatal saber stroke.

  In the brief instant given him for
THE ELEVENTH RIDER.

59

thought, what he believed io be the true
solution of tins mysterious man's
actions Hashed through his brain. He
had been trying to fathom the motives
of a madman. This Mexican, who one
day betrayed Santa Anna and the next
turned with brutal ferocity against the
Americans, had been rendered insane by
his sufferings.

  Senor Perote, or Mazatlan, as one
chose, was a maniac whose acts were
prompted by the workings of a diseased
brain.

  Now thoroughly upon his guard, the
Virginian parried a second stroke of the
flashing saber, and even though he knew
the Mexican was trying desperately to
cut him down, he resolved if possible to
spare him.

  He struck back fiercely, but each time
twisted his saber so that did his adver-
sary receive the blow upon the head it
would be from the blunt side of the
weapon.

  A thin froth appeared upon the lips
of the Mexican. Angered beyond
measure that he could neither cut down
his enemy nor pass him, he warded a
blow skilfully with his right hand and
at the same instant, with his left,
snatched a pistol from his sash. Had-
don saw the move and jerked his horse^
back upon his haunches. The ball*
from the pistol buried itself in the ani-
mal's shoulder. Mazatlan hurled his
own beast forward and lunged fiercely
with his sword, but the point did not
reach his adversary.

  At the very instant when the steel
was within an inch of Haddon’s breast
and he powerless to parry, a second
-alter struck aside that of the guerrilla
leader. Before Mazatlan could re-
cover himself, this second saber darted
forward and the point caught the Mex-
ican squarely in the throat.

  The horseman who had saved Had-
don from death or a serious wound
turned his head sharply.

  “ It was a close call, sir. When you
fight the devil, do not try to spare
him.”

  Having given utterance to this blunt
speech, Sergeant Bradley turned and
hurh-d himself into the thickest of the
m£l£c.

  So unequal a combat could not last

forever. The Americans, pressing for-
ward at every side, speedily cut the
handful of guerrilieros in pieces.

  At the end of ten minutes half of
MazatIan's followers were dead, a few
wounded and prisoners, while a paltry
dozen lied panic-stricken across the
fields in the direction of Chaleo.

  After a little while lights were gleam-
ing in the inn opposite the triple boul-
ders. TJpon the door of the main room
lay the body of the guerrilla leader,
Mazatlan. The wound he had received
from the Texan’s saber had not killed
him instantly, and under Haddon’s di-
rections he was lifted from the spot
where he had fallen and carried into the
house.

  The surgeon of the cavalry regiment
bent over him and examined the wound.
In the room were gathered Haddon,
Sergeant Bradley and a dozen American
officers. Some of them had seen the man
when, as Senor Perote, he had entered
the lines; others knew of the famous
guerrilla chief onty by reputation.

  The surgeon arose and shook his
head.

  “ The man cannot live a quarter of
an hour. With such a wound it is a
miracle he has lasted so long,” said he
gravely.

  Haddon looked upon the disfigured
fare, and an expression of regret came
into his eyes. He could not forget that
this man had freed him from his bonds
in that very inn; that on three other
occasions he had rendered service to the
flag he served.

  Mazatlan stirred feebly and his eyes
opened. Haddon leaned forward, for
it was possible he wished to say some-
thing. The lips of the Mexican parted,
but 110 sound passed them.

  He was staring straight ahead, past
Haddon—at the door.

  The voice of Sergeant Bradley, hoarse
with amazement, broke the silence.

  “My God, lieutenant, look there!’’

  The Virginian turned quickly.

  Never to his dying day could he for-
get the sensation which passed over
him—a feeling of amazement, unbelief,
and terror.

  In the open doorway stood the figure
of a man. This man was a Mexican,
clad in the uniform of Santa Anna's
60

THE ARGOSY.

cavalry; but it was not that which
had brought the exclamation to the
Texan's lips and stricken Iladclon
dumb.

  The face of the newcomer was turned
toward the light, and that face was
frightfully disfigured by two livid scars,
beginning at a /joint near the center of the
chin and extending upward to the bottom,
of the ears.

  So intense a silence reigned in the
room that the faint breathing of the
dying man upon the floor could be dis-
tinctly heard. Then, with an almost
imperceptible gesture, the figure in the
doorway advanced a few feet within the
threshold.

  His gaze traveled from the face of
the man upon the floor to that of Lieu-
tenant Haddon.

  “ Surely the senor has not forgotten
—I am Perote,” said he quietly.

  Haddon stared mutely at the speaker.
A faint smile touched the disfigured lips
of Seiior Perote.

  “ I see—I understand why the senor
is amazed. Is it not so—the scars?”
said he.

  Iladdon recovered himself, but his
face was wet with perspiration.

  “ You are Perote,” said he, and there
was a hollow ring in his voice. “ Who,
then, is this man?”

  Perote looked down upon the figure
on the floor.

  ‘‘You should know, senor, for you
have been in Chaleo. Who but Mazat-
lan would Santa Anna send to ambush
the Americans? It is Mazatlan, but
before that happened he was Seiior
Amador.”

  Suddenly something of the truth,
dawned upon the Virginian. He re-
membered the face of the man whom
he had seen that night lying dead on
the hill behind the inn. He knew that
more than one must have been con-
cerned in the disfigurement of Senor
Perote, and the face of the man upon
the hill gave him an inkling of the
manner in which Perote had worked out
his revenge.

  Now that the two faces, each with the
livid double scar, were before bis eyes,
he noted that these sears were the result
of different kinds of wounds. Those
upon the face of the real Perote were

broader, as though made by some dull
instrument, but except for this slight
difference each disfige eraent was strik-
ingly similar.

He knew how the guerrilla leader,
Mazatlan, had come by the scars which
made him a marked man, yet he put the
question which hovered on his tongue.
Senor Perote nodded grimly.

  “ It is even so, seiior, for it was in
that manner I might make this man
share my suffering, and some suffering is
worse than death.”

  lie paused, then continued quietly:
“There were two: this Amador, and
the other—Valeno. it so happened
that I permitted a certain paper to be
taken from them. The robber fled and
they accused me of being an enemy to
Mexico.

  “ Had they killed me, nothing more
would have been heard about the mat-
ter, for to kill a man in Mexico is no
great thing. They chose to torture me.
Under my own roof they burned me with
hot irons and laughed at my suffering.

  “From that hour a demon took pos-
session of me. Sleeping or waking, I
desired but one thing—to find these
men and kill them.

  “ It was one night that that one slept
in an inn in Chaleo; I watched his light
go out and waited until the inn was
quiet. I crept through the open window
to the bed and looked down upon him.

  “ It was in my mind to kill him as he
lay, but the demon of revenge showed
me a better way. It was done quickly;
no light was necessary. I cut deeply,
even as he had burned me with the iron.

 “ I knew that when the wounds
healed there would be in Mexico two
who would carry to their graves a livid
cross, a disfigurement which could only
be hidden in the tomb/’

  lie paused and looked from one face
to another, then continued with awful
calmness:

  “ 'i on know what occurred afterwar,1
The demon which possessed me entered
Captain Amador. He became Ma.'.n!-
lan, who slew men for the love of kill-
ing. I bated Mexico—because the of-
ficers of Santa Anna had tortured me. I
resolved to aid the invaders of Mexico,
that Santa Anna might be humbled.
L\en to-night, senors, I have done some-
THE ELEVENTH RIDER.

61

tiling, for it was I who carried to Chaleo
the report which sent Mazatlan north-
ward. And I knew that not a handful
of your cavalrymen, but whole regi-
ments, were pushing toward the cap-
ital.”

  Haddon turned to the others in the
room.

  “It i.-i as he says. Senor Perote has
aided us in many ways. Already Gen-
eral Taylor has trusted him.”

  He turned to the Mexican.

  “ And now, senor, surely you will re-
main with us? To-night's work will
tell Santa Anna what's in your heart.”
Senor Perote smiled grimly.

    I do not fear Santa Anna, senor.
Perhaps I alone of all Mexico do not
fear him. - Your army is marching ou
the capital. It may be permitted that I
serve you further.”

  The man upon the floor had remained
motionless for some minutes, though his
eyes were fixed in a dreadful stare upon
the face of Senor Perote.

  The surgeon bent over him and thrust
his hand beneath the braided jacket,
over the heart. For a moment he re-
mained in this attitude listening.

  “ He is dead,” said be gravely.

  A strange expression crossed the face
of Senor Perote. He advanced a step
and stood gazing down upon the livid
double scar which crossed the features
of the dead guerrilla leader. His lips
quivered; he turned silently and re-
traced his steps to the door. Upon the
threshold he stopped.

   ec Is it not as I said, sefiors? ” said he
in a quiet voice. “ Such scars accom-

THE

 puuy him who bears them even to the
 grave.”

   lie passed out into the moonlight
 and none in the room followed. 11
 seemed almost that the man who had
 been speaking-lay dead upon the floor.

*	* * *

   For many years after the capital had
 fallen and the northern invaders re-
 crossed the Rio Grande strangers who
 visited a certain part of Mexico heard a
 curious tale.

   It was said that in the mountain fast-
 ness, beyond the lonely pass of Cerro
 Gordo, there dwelt in a rude hut hidden
 in the chaparral a terrible old man.
 Tliis strange hermit never came into a
 town or near a place of habitation.

   It was held by some that he was a
 holy man who was working out a pen-
 ance by a life of solitude, and that the
 blessed privilege was permitted him to
 wear upon his person the figure of an in-
 delible cross.

   Others asserted, however, that the
 lone hermit had been guilty of an un-
 pardonable wickedness, and that God
 had punished him by marking him for-
 ever, so that all men might see and
 know.

   These conflicting opinions had doubt-
 less found their source in the report
 brought from the mountains by a
 hunter who had met the man in a
 desolate ravine of Resaca de la Palma.

   He had seen his face—a face horribly
 disfigured by two livid scars, beginning
 near the center of the chin and extend-
 ing upward to a point a little below the
 lobe of each ear.

 END.

                                PANSIES.

                                Soft as silk or satin
                                And lovelier to behold
                                In their blended beauty
                                Of purple and of gold !

                              ’Mid the gentle moonlight
                              With no mortal near,
                              They may be the dresses
                              That the fairies wear !

William H. Hayne.
 THE SPACE BETWEEN.

                  BY ALICE GARLAND STEELE.

How opportunity broke its rule, knocked twice at the same gate, and what came of it

THE room was losing itself in twi-
light: there was a somber touch
of shadow lighted by old gold; a melan-
choly shaft of sun fell in a narrow line
of pale yellow across the hardwood
floor. It was a time for memories and
for dreams.

  Elinor, lying back in the shadowy
recess of an easy-chair, felt it as she
spread open with caressing fingers the
letter in her lap. Her throat was con-
tracting, her eyes were wells ol tears,
the years of her waiting slipped from
her as a garment, and with it she threw
off the cramping, clinging fetters of the
past.

  The thin, foreign paper, with its
closely written lines, spelled only one
sentence to her sharpened fancy: Lloyd
was coming back—free!

  “ Lloyd ”—her lips framed his name
with whimsical tenderness. For the
first time since his marriage she could
call him that without feeling the ghost
of their love rising before her threat-
eningly, to close it with the terrible
dearness of outlawed possession. The
little futile figure of his wife, with all
her immature affection and unreasoning
jealousy, had been swept forever from
the horizon. She was dust!

  For the first time Elinor thought of
her with pity. She seemed to be at the
beginning of things—to see, with eyes
that had hitherto been accustomed only
to darkness, the broad, beautiful way of
a future remade. In the light of it the
past grew less a thing of bitterness. She
could look back upon it as one looks on
a grave grown green.

  And it had all come right after all!
There had been no dim hope to lure her
on; she had never thought of him ex-
cept as of some one irretrievably lost;
she had even kept down the sin of wish-
ing it different, till into the bare lone-
liness of her quiescent life had fallen
this letter.

  It said very little. His wife had died
at Nice in December—it was now April

_and he was coming home to her free.

If she had waited, it might be as if their
parting had never been—-and they could
marry at once, and forget.

  In a sudden passion of joy she crushed
the paper in her fingers, bruising it with
the strength of her remembrance. She
got up, carrying it to the light that she
might read it again with a more com
plete interpretation.

  And between the lines she read his
love—that was to make up for all—all—
all! The whole gray tragedy of her un-
crowned maidenhood was vindicated!

   “ Elinor ? ”

  She turned quickly.

  “ Oh, Martin—is it you? Come in! ”
Her voice held a vibrant note quite
new to him—he was keenly alive to it,
as he was to every change in her. He
came in quietly, as one accustomed to
the threshold, and, laying aside his hat
and cane, seated himself by the win-
dow. The light of it fell in unflattering
clearness across his large-featured face.

  Elinor, glancing at him, smiled to
herself—it was so palpably the face of a
friend—there was so little about him
of the lover. She went over to a
center-table, where a crystal lamp stood.

“ Shall I light it?” she asked. “ Or
will you wait till the tea comes in?”
He watched her white hand playing
with the globe against a background of
shadow.

  “ Don't,” he said. “ This light is per-
fect, and any way I've only a minute to
stay. I just dropped in on my way from
the club to see—well ”—he laughed a
trifle nervously—" to see you, you know
—and all that.”

  She crossed over to the easy-chair,
throwing herself back in it with a low
sigh.

     I wish," she said, K you'd leave out
the ‘ all that,1 Martin.” '
THE SPACE BETWEEN.

63

   lie smiled deprecat ingly.

   ” I can’t, Elinor — honestly. And
why should I ? ”

  She failed to answer him. lie
laughed again—a laugh that lacked as-
surance.

  “My dear,” he said gently, “you
i do- i know what they mean to me—
those daily glimpses of you. Seeing you
n your own home is next to having you
—in mine. Since you won't come to
me, well—Mohammed must go to the
mountain, that’s all!”

   She tapped with one hand on the arm
of her chair and her face was slightly
troubled.

   “ Martin, yon mustn't talk that way—
i any longer.”

   He looked at her quickly.

   “ Why not any longer, Elinor?”

   But she felt the pressure of a con-
strained silence. He rose and went
over to her chair, bending his tall figure
and accentuating the slight stoop of his
shoulders.

   “ Elinor,” he said, . “ let’s have it
 < out!”

   His voice faltered, then he went on
more steadily.

   “ We’ve been years beating about the
bush, you and I—we’ve almost knocked
all the blooms off; we’ve been like chil-
dren playing a game, and after all it
isn’t wise, dear, to play games with
hearts. I’ve tried my best to win out,
but you haven't exactly been square—
you haven’t let me know whether I had
any show. I’m a stupid old chap, but
I've loved you for a long time. Doesn’t
that count for something? ”

   His hand sought hers where it lay on
her lap, but she drew it suddenly away.
“No, no, Martin—not that!”
Instinctively he straightened up,
i folding his arms in pained silence.
With a feeling of compunction she
touched his sleeve.

   “ Martin—oh, Martin—ain't you just
be my friend ? ”

   He shook his head sadly.

   “ I’ve been trying to all my life,” he
 said ; “ since we were children together,
 but. Elinor, it’s hardly fair—to me.”
 She bit her lips.

   “ I know,” she said uncertainly, “ but
 you knew the truth-—yon knew I loved
 somebody once; so that I couldn’t ever

again, in that way. I've tried '—she
raised her head—“ I have, Martin; tried
my best, but 1 can't.”

  Her last word was barely whispered,
but he Hinched as if from a blow.
“Is that final, Elinor?”

  Shemodded. .She could not trust her-
self to speak. He drew a long breath,
then put out his hand.

  “ Will you seal the bond.” he said
slowly, “ of our—friendship? ”

  She put her band in his with the
knowledge that tears were in her voice.

  “Martin,” she said; “good old Mar-
tin ! "

  lie sat down again, crossing his
hands on his knees and .shaking off with
visible effort the burden of his depres-
sion.

  “ Oh,” he said, “ I've grown gray in
the service, Elinor.”

“ And 1 ’ve given you—starvation
wages, Martin. It hasn't paid, has it? ”
She tried to speak lightly, but over
the glow of her joy had crept a shade.
She cared for Martin in a very real way.

  He nodded, smiling his broad, un-
beautiful smile.

  “ Yes, it has—just this moment would
pay, if there had been nothing else! To
be sure of a good woman's friendship—
well, it’s next to the—other thing.”

  A sudden realization of all the gen-
erous years of his self-imposed servitude
came to her, and in the light of it she
felt she could keep no secret hid. She
leaned over, her ‘hand fingering the
letter in her dress.

  “ Martin,” she said slowly', “ Lloyd is
coming home.”
lie started.

  “ Lloyd Derevan ? ”

  “Y^es,” she said: “Lloyd Derevan.”
Something in the way she lingered
over the name made him turn a shade
paler.

  “ And Mrs. Derevan ? ” he asked.
  There was a moment of silenee.-
  “ Mrs. Derevan is dead."

  A strange hush fell* between them.
She was only conscious of her letter, as
he was only conscious of her. His eyes,
searching her face, read enough to
make him steady the expression of his
own.

  “ Will it make—any difference to you,
Elinor?”
THE ARGOSY.

 She smiled, but her lips were trem-
 bling.

 “ All the difference in the world!

 He felt almost as if he had been in
 the confessional. He looked at her a
 moment without speaking, then he rose,
 taking up his hat and cane.

    His eyes were a trifle strained, and
 there were lines about his mouth, but
 he spoke indifferently.

 “ There’s going to be a meet at Med-
 wood Tuesday. Would you care to go ? ’
 She hesitated. Her voice softened.

    Tuesday,” she said, “ Lloyd comes.'
 She went on hurriedly: “The steamer

 gets in at noon, and-” she stopped

 constrainedly.

 He held out his hand.

 “ I know,” he said. “ Don’t trouble
 to explain. I’ll drop in, if I may, to-
 morrow—just to indorse the bond.
 And he smiled.

 She was leaning back against the
 doorway, looking away from him.

 “ Martin/’ she said, “ I want you to
 keep coming, just the same—always.”
 His face flushed.

 “ I’ll come to-morrow,” he said
 evasively; “after that—'the deluge.'”
 He moved out into the hallway, where
 he paused.

 “ Elinor, are you quite sure of—your-
 self?”

 She looked up.

 “ Quite sure.”

 “ And of him—I mean of what he
 is?”

 She smiled.

 “ Big men are only boys grown up,
 Martin; to know Lloyd once would he
 to know him forever. There—don’t
 let’s talk about it any more. I can’t
 ask you to be glad, but I ask you not to
 be sorry about my gladness.”

 lie pressed her hand reassuringly.
 “No,” he said, “I can’t quite be
 ‘ glad,’ can I ? The under dog, you
 know—but if you are, I can be—well,
 let's call it content. There, good-by; I
 must hurry along.’.’

 She turned to him impulsively.

 “ Martin, there’ll be somebody better
 than I, some day.”

 The ghost of a smile curved his lips.
 “Will there?” he said. “ You were
 always hopeful, Elinor. Well, we’ll

 (lOO

  But as he left her she knew that to the
end*'«his home would be desolate unless

she filled it.

  She went back into the empty room.
The darkness had fallen quickly, yet she
lit. the lamp lingeringly—she had dwelt
so long in shadows.

  She drew up a low chair and sat with
her arms across the table, thinking.

  Perhaps not thinking so much as re-
membering. She remembered those
early days of Lloyd’s devotion and the
future that was to be all mist and moon-
shine; and then she had gone abroad
for two years with her invalid mother,
and come back alone to find him bound
to another•

  He had accused her of forgetting, and
told her that because of it he hadn’t
cared much what might happen, and so
he had married a girl from the West.

  That first interview afterward had
been painful—she closed her eyes even
now. She remembered that she had
had the strength to cut short his protes-
tations, to keep her eyes dry, and her
heart in the iron grasp of reason; but
somehow he had left her with the im-
pression that he still cared—desperately
—and that things must go on so till
the end.

  She had felt quite limp and nerveless
afterward—there had been several un-
avoidable meetings, once at a dinner,
once during a week-end visit, and two
simple notes from her, requesting the
return of her letters.

  Then came the blind jealousy of his
wife, and after that a long gap—a blank
of six years—if years could be blank
that were filled with such conscious
suffering of remembrance!

  Through it all, Martin, who knew,
had been the one calming influence. He
had helped her to catch up the broken
threads of her torn existence, but the
warp and woof of her fabric had still
been gray—always gray. A friend
can move mountains, but not dry up a
dead sea!

  And so the years had slipped bv.

  As she counted them now, she felt
a sudden unreasoning fear—had they
changed her too terribly ? Had she lost
the light of her eyes, the color from her
hair? Would she be less dear to him
now that he could claim her?
THE SPACE BETWEEN.

65

  She got up and went with lagging
.steps to a mirror, lighting a bracketed
candle as one who dreads to see and
yet must look.

  The reflection calmed her. She was
still young—the old edition of herself
in a larger reprint; that was all.

  She stepped back with visible relief.
A sound of cab wheels rolling over the
asphalt drew her to the window. Part-
ing the curtains, she looked out. The
night was marshaling its host of stars;
the warm moisture of spring lay on the
pavements.

  The cab had stopped at her door.

  She turned inquiringly as a maid en-
tered bearing a card on a silver tray.
Before she had fully mastered the mean-
ing of the name she heard a man’s quick
step in the corridor.

  As the maid retreated, her expectancy
grew almost to be physical pain. With
straining eyes she watched the doorway.
It was here at last—this meeting of the
bridged-over years.

  The next moment they stood facing
each other.

  “ Lloyd! ”

  “ My dear Elinor! ”

  She felt as Mary did confronted by
Lazarus, the grave-clothes still about
his head; then her voice left her—her
lips, hot and dry, could form no greet-
ing. Only her eyes gave him the wel-
come he craved.

  As his hand found hers, she sank on
a divan, trembling. He explained in
broken sentences.

  “ I took an earlier steamer—it was
beastly over there. I lost at Monte
Carlo—and like a small boy 1 wanted to
get home, away from it - I came straight
to you.”

  She hardly heard what he was saying
—tlie tumult of her jov seemed to be
killing her.

  He leaned over and kissed her on the
lips, passing his fingers across her fore-
head. The caress left her weak—she
was like a sensitive lily alive to the
touch of the first despoiling hand. At
last she sat up, smiling tearfully.

  “ Oh,” fche said, “ I know what
Heaven is—it’s a meeting-plaee for
parted souls! Lloyd! Oh, Lloyd—to
have you back again!”

  He laughed shortly.

      5	A

  “ You always were strong on ~en;i-
mont, Elinor. So you’ve missed me?
That’s pleasant! I think 1 want you
now as 1 never did in those old days.
You are like good wine—age has im-
proved you.”

  She flushed with pleasure. To Vie
weighed in the balances and not found
wanting!

  “ Lloyd,” she whispered; “ Lloyd.”

  “ Oh,” he said lightly, u I was sure of
you, Elinor—that's why 1 wrote. I
heard from the Badgelys you were still
in the same place. 1 met them at Pisa—
after Ethel died 1 roamed around a good
deal, getting used to my freedom. It
was sudden, you know—she always did
things that way. We were at a hole of
a place in Nice when it happened. I
did all I could—I tried to make up at
the end; but it doesn't matter now
whether I did or not—I'm back with
you.”

  She was looking at him intently. He
gave her a sensation of strangeness.
His words she hardly heard—she was
so alive to the tones of his voice—listen-
ing for familiar cadences.

  lie leaned back, watching her.

  “ The Badgelys told me that you had
dropped out of society. That was fool-
ish, Elinor; you owe it to me to be
somebody. They said your long-legged
lawyer friend still looked after you—he
was a clever fellow. It was a wonder
you didn't marry him—I was out of the
way.”

  She looked up at him.

  “Lloyd, it was all 1 could do to be true
in the one way left to me."

  He patted her hand.

  “ What a dear little fool you were.
Of course 1 knew vou were true, even

if I-”

  He stopped abruptly.

  “ Oh,” she said, ‘4 how the years have
cheated us! ”

  He nodded.

  “ In more ways than one. But we’ll
pay them back, Elinor: we'll live the
rest of our lives to the limit, and we’ll
cheat them in another way—by forget-
ting.”

  She stroked his hand.

  “ Dear,” she said, “ can one ever for-
get? It seems as if my life has been
spent in remembering!”
66

THE ARGOSY.

  He laughed.

  “ That's the woman of it. To forget
is a man’s creed—he has to, he lives so
intensely; there are some things it
doesn't do to remember. So he smokes
a cigar or plays a game, and the ghost
is gone. It’s as easy as that, Elinor!
I'll teach you lots of things.”

  She watched his eyes, his lips, as a
mother might watch a son grown up
and come home after many* years.
They were familiar, and yet new. lie
had the same* trick of smiling, the same
nervous gesture of. pushing back the
waves of his hair; but the boyish look
she remembered was gone. His chin had
grown harder, his eyes more restless.

  As he looked back at her lie drew her
suddenly to her feet.

  “ Let me see you from all points/5 he
said. “You’re not pretty any longer,
Elinor—you are beautiful; only your
mouth is too sad. That’s right, smile.
Do you know, I’ve a queer feeling with
you—as if I were giving my recording
angel an account of my sins. Yrou
wouldn’t know if I skipped any, would
you ? ”

  She shook her head.

  “ Oh, you've been good, Lloyd—you
have—I’ve.always -wanted you to be. It
was the one prayer I could pray—I
couldn’t ask to have you back. I could

only-”

  She paused, her eyes moist at the re-
membrance of those nightly vigils, those
tearless petitions coupled with his un-
spoken name.

  His expression, changed slightly; his
eyes looked away from her.

  “ Would it have made any difference,”
he said carelessly, “if I'hadn’t been
good ? ”

  She sent him u startled smile.

  “ Why, Lloyd-” she began.

  Suddenly he faccd her.

    Elinor, if I didn't want you so much
I'd make a clean breast of it all—not
that there is so much to tell; one or two
dark spots, besetting sins and so forth.”
He rose, walking nervously up and
down the room. She sat watching him
with parted lips, her eyes troubled.

  Her silence brought him back to her
side.

  “ You haven’t asked me to dinner ”
he said. " Aren’t you going to ? ”

  The intensity of her gaze softened.

  “ Oh,” she said, “ how careless of
me.” Her voice was a trifle con-
strained. “ We dine at seven—it must
be nearly that now. Father is away;
there’s nobody but me—we can have it
together.”

  It was with a feeling of relief she
led the way into the dining-room. The
hour had been so vital to them both.

  She seated herself opposite him at the
round table.

  Under the light of the chandelier his
face looked older, with darkened lines
under the eyes. In spite of herself, she
felt that she was watching him—watch-
ing for something she missed. There
was an intangible difference that threat-
ened to level their love down to mere
acquaintanceship. One cannot love the
unknown.

  Afterward, when they were back
again in the lamp-lighted room, she
knew. It was the space between, un-
accounted for—a shadow that stretched
over that backward way, covering a
great void.

  Her hands on the cushioned arm of
her chair trembled. He seemed sud-
denly a thing apart, clothed with a ter-
rible strangeness—the strangeness of
change—of subtraction, of multiplica-
tion, of addition.

  W ith a sudden fear she turned grop-
ingly to the past to drag from it some
familiar sign, some bit of common sod
on which their feet could rest together.

  She leaned toward him appealingly.

  “ Lloyd, do you remember that day at
Medwood, years ago, wrhen }rou were
jealous of old Mr. Olliver? He died
last month! ”

  He lit a cigar, casting the burned-out
match carelessly away from him.

   \ou seem mightily concerned,” he
said; “ perhaps I was right in being jeal-
ous. But. 1 shouldn’t be now”

  “ Wouldn’t you?” she asked.

  He laughed.

  “Not a bit! Not after the look of
your eyes when I came to-night. It
made you mine forever—you gave your-
self up! ”

  She drew back.

    One never gives oneself quite up;
one reserves a part for—for friends,”
she finished weakly.
THE SPACE BETWEEN.

67

  A vision of Martin's seriously kind
face confronted her. She fell as if she
were smiting him between the eyes!

  “ No,” she said; “ Lloyd, I make one
reservation—1 owe it to—others who
filled the years yon left empty.”

  There was a silence between them.
He sent blue rings of smoke upward,
his lips curving deliberately. Her eyes
were downcast, but she felt his presence
in the room.

  With a sudden rush of tenderness
she went over to him, leaning oh the
arm of his chair.

  *£ Lloyd,” she said tremulously, “ it
all seems—so strange. I—hardly seem
to know you.”

  He half turned.

  ‘■'Well,” he said, “I’ve changed;
that's all. The trouble is, you haven't,
Elinor. A man goes through a mill—
he comes out different. Over there the
pace is rapid.”

  She felt a weighing sense of depres-
sion. It was as if the yeast had been
left out of the bread of her joy. She
looked wide-eyed at the tantalizing vis-
ion of an imperfect happiness. She put
one hand on his hair.

  “ Lloyd,” she said, “tell me about
those years between.”

  He laughed a trifle harshly.

   “ It wouldn't be pleasant hearing, Eli-
nor. You see, Ethel comes into it—
and a few others. I guess we had
better let it go as a blank.”

  “ But we can't she breathed.
“ There are shapes crowding into it. I
can’t tell you how, but I feel almost as if
some of them were flesh and blood.
They are separating you from me,
Lloyd!”

  He stared into the shadow.

  “You are romantic,” he said, “and
imaginative. To such a woman as you
things would sound even worse. No, no
—we'll let sleeping dogs lie; well forget
it!”

  “It's a man’s creed,” she murmured;
“ never a woman’s.”

  He got up slowly.

  “ Well,” he said lightly, “ 1 advise
you to make it yours, at any rate. There
—kiss me, Elinor! "

   At the touch of liis lips the old love
for him came back. She threw her
arms about his neck.

  “ Lloyd, Lloyd,” she sighed; “ it's the
beginning and end of my dreams!”

  He loosened her clasp.

  “Not the end, Elinor—leave that
out—an ending is a synonym for death,
and I’m afraid of death! "

  His words cast a shadow over her.
She shuddered. He walked across the
room, nervously puffing at his cigar.

  “ When Ethel died,” he said, “ I felt
as if she were only going on ahead to
tell on me—to let them know that I had
cheated her to the last.”

  She sat down weakly.

  “ Cheated her, Lloyd ? ” she asked
faintly.

  He nodded.

  “ I never loved her, exactly, but I pre-
tended I did—you have to with some
women. After she found out she made
me keep it up—the pretense—to the
end; but I knew she was scorning me all
the time.”

  Elinor shivered.

  “Poor little thing!” she whispered.
“Poor little thing!"

  “For pity’s sake,” he cried, “don't
deal in cheap sentiment. You did your
share toward it! ”

  She stood up, her face pale.

  “ I ? ” she said. “ Lloyd, what do you
mean ? ”

  “ Just that,” he answered shortly.
“ You were as guilty as I—you were in
love with me—and I was her husband.’’
Something in Elinor’s throat seemed
to be choking her. It was with an ef-
fort she kept her burning eyes un his
face.

  “ For shame,” she cried; “ Lloyd, for
shame! ”

•	She stopped suddenly, with a revul-
sion of feeling. Could it matter now
what he said or what he thought? She
turned away, her lips trembling.

  He came swiftly to her side.

  “ Elinor, forget it—ali I said. Some-
how it made me feel less in ihe wrong
if it seemed that you were in it, too! ”
He tried to put one arm about her
waist, but she drew away slowly. She
went over to the window, looking out
half-blindly. The dark spaces of the
sky were set with stars, but she did not
see—she was only conscious that, she
had eaten of the tree of knowledge and
that the fruit was bitter!
TIIE ARGOSY.

   She pressed one hand against her fore-
head and closed her eyes, thinking. The
tumuli of her thoughts hurried her on
to one inevitable conclusion. It had
been there from the first, but onl\ now
did she realize it—that there was a pain-
ful way, which she must walk in alone!

  She turned with no haste. Her eyes,
seeking his, held him.

   “ Lloyd/’ she said faintly, “ there is

no bridge.”

  He stood in the center of the room,
looking at her. lie was like a prisoner
at the bar of her judgment, llis face
under the lamp-light took on weaker
lines.

  “I'm afraid I don't understand/' he
said stiffly. “ You deal in riddles, Eli-
nor.”

  She crushed the window curtain in
cue white hand.

  “ There is no bridge/5 she repeated
hurriedly. “ I cannot come to you—
you can never come to me—there must
always be the space between ! ”

  The spell of a pregnant silence held
them both. II is eyes shifted. Then he
looked over at her boldly.

   •• What are you trying to get at? ” he
said sharply. “ Do you mean that you
have ceased to love me ? "

  She shook her head.

   “ I still love you, Lloyd—that part of
you that is dead and buried in a grave.
The part that lives still belongs ’to
Ethel and those others/’

  He laughed harshly.

  “You talk wildly, Elinor. The
dead have no claim. Ethel—God! Am
1 never to be rid of her? ”

  She passed her hand wearily across
her eyes.

  “ Lloyd,” she said shiveringly, “ we
must be plain—we must understand.
As you cheated Ethel you have cheated
me! I have clung all these years to a
wraith, a memory—to something that
had ceased to exist—and to find it out
is the bitterest thing I have ever
known.”

  lie stepped uncertainly toward her.
His mouth had taken on cruel lines.

  “And what of me—what of me?
Must I cross the world to you for noth-
ing? Tell me that!”

  She put out one hand.
  a There is a sea between us still," she

sobbed. “ Oh, Lloyd, can’t you see it i
We are so far apart—so far apart! ”
lie caught her wrist, holding it firmly.
“Are you sending me away?” he
asked. “Do you mean that? Don’t
be afraid—Fm not sure that I even wish
to stay! You send too big a flashlight
over my soul! ”

  She didn’t answer him. Her eyes were
drinking in every detail of the once-
loved face for the last time.

  At length she leaned over.

  “Lloyd” she said very gently, “do
you mind—going now?

  He dropped her hand. In the gesture
was final relinquishment; it was like let-
ting a curtain fall between them. When
he spoke it was from the other side.

   “ Perhaps,” he said, “ it is as well so.
Good-night, Elinor.!—and good-by!”
She stood in the daze of a broken
dream as his footsteps sounded down
the length of the hall.

  When the door closed, she shuddered,
and awoke.

  There were no tears in her eyes. She
felt only a sense of desolation—of lone-
liness—as one feels when the dead have
been taken away. Then with dragging
feet she left the room.

   A little later, as she tossed on a sleep-
less bed, she heard her father come in.
The sound of his key in the latch
brought her the homely comfort of a
familiar thing—she realized at the mo-
ment that (lowers grow on graves. With
the thought she tried to curtain the
painful vision of the evening. As he
passed her door he called to her.

  “ Elinor, are you awake? They kept
me late at the Davisons’. Martin was
there; and 1 heard news—Lloyd Dere-
van is coming back! ”

  “Yes,” she said; “I know. Good-
night ! ”

  She pillowed her head on her arm,
staring into the darkness.

  “Martin,” she sobbed; “Martin will
understand! ”

  The morning found her calm and
heavy-eved. Her grief had worn itself
out, but she felt like a thing left deso-
late by the sweep of some storm—site
must begin all over again—everything!

  It was difficult,. The trivialities of
the household irritated her. The shrill
voices of the maids broke in upon the
THE SPACE BETWEEN.

69

silence of her endurance with rasping
insistency. She turned instinctively to
the end of the day for the opportunity
for rest.

  When at last it came it brought
Martin. She was sitting dully and
listlessly in a window-seat piled high
with languidly luxurious cushions.
The candles had "been lit, and in the
cheerful halo that they cast no ghost
could venture—there was no ghost for
her.

  Lloyd’s image was receding far into
the dark and impenetrable background
—she only felt the soreness of her own
hurt—the consciousness of all that she
had missed.

  As Martin entered she motioned him
to his favorite easy-chair. His face was
slightly graver, his eyes preoccupied. As
lie put away his hat and cane he looked
over.

  “ It’s good-by to-night, Elinor. I'm
going away.”

  “ Going away? " she faltered. “ Why,
Martin—where ? ”

  l ie drew off his gloves, smoothing out
the barely perceptible creases. He was
a methodic man.

  “ Well,” he said, “ I’m not exactly
sure where 1 shall go. It’s partly
business—partly because 1 think it will
be for the best. 1 thought of going out
to Seattle—there are interests there
'somebody else might manage, but it’s
as well to go oneself.”

  She sat in a strained silence, holding
herself in check, not daring to think of
what his absence would mean to her—
for she knew now.

  Suddenly her nerves gave way—she
leaned her head back, weak tears tilling
her eyes. In a moment he was at her
side.

  “ Whv, Elinor—why, my dear—what
is it ? ”

  She caught one of his hands im-
pulsively in both of hers.

  “Martin,” she sobbed; “oh, Martin,
are you failing me, too? ”

  He stood in a torture of absolute
embarrassment, stroking her hand un-
certainly.

  “ You’re' nervous, little woman,” he
said; “but yon mustn’t say that—I’m
too stupid to fail any one, least of all

you. I only know how to be loyal in a
jog-trot way! ”

  She held to him tightly as to a long-
lost hope.

  “ Don’t go,” she said faintly.
“ Don’t go—it’s so terribly sad to be—
alone.”

  He stood over her, his face falling into
shadow.

  “ My dear,” he said gently, “ there
will be—others to fill my place—it's
such an unimportant one! ”

  Something in his voice sank into her
heart. She sat up, looking away from
him.

  “ Martin,” she said brokenly, “'Lloyd
came last night—and I sent him—
away.”

  In the hush that followed their eyes
met.

  “ Sent him away? ” he asked stupidly.
“ I don’t—quite understand, Elinor.”
She stood up, still clinging to his
hand.

  “ 1 don’t myself,” she said wearily.
“ It was all wrong, somehow—he was
different—we both were. There was
that space between—I only realized it
then—that one can never go back; one
must go on forever! ”

  He looked at her steadily.

  “You told him to go?” he asked.
“ Loving him, you told him that he
should go?”

  “ Loving his memory.” she whispered.
“ I wanted to keep it sacred—because
he was dead—that was why.”

  Suddenly he understood. A light
swept over his face. He trembled with
a strange hope.

  “ Thank God,” he said quietly;
“ thank God you found it out—in
time!”

  She eyed him wistfully.

“ And you won’t go, Martin—now? ”
“ Not if you want me to stay, Elinor.”
Her lips crept into a faint smile—she
wore the look of a child who had dried
its tears.

  “ Martin, I think I shall want you—
always.”

  “ Elinor! ”

  “ Yes,” she said slowly, “ I mean just
that.”

  In the silence that followed he bent
down and kissed her.
THE FUGITIVE.

A modern romance in

a '

BY ALBERT PAYSON TERHUNE.

in the Holy Land, involving the mystery of an American who seems to be
a villain, and culminating in the massacre at Damascus.

CHAPTER I.

IN TERTL BY THE JORDAN.

 LONG, tortuous stream—a
 rather than a river—mu d-d

  “ But,” he added under his breath,
«if she does fall in love with either of
them, I hope it won’t be with that young

woman was saving as she eyed the	passed on with scarcely less friendliness

tur-id yellow river with disappoint-	to a stalwart, bronzed youth of medium

ment “ I had pictured it as so differ-	height who stood on May s left hand

ent	and who appeared to have been arguing

“You and most of the rest of us	hotly with her on some topic.

Americans. Mrs. Sharpe, get your ideas	The third member of the trio, a long,

of Holy Land scenes from pictures	lank youth with a perpetual smile,

painted by people who were never	colorless hair, and a nose throe sizes too

nearer Syria than Sandy Hook/’ re-	large for the rest of the small, sallow

joined the florid, stout old gentleman	face, almost justified at first glance the

who sprawled on the grass at her feet,	major’s unkind description, “A human

«it is only a few of us who are lucky	beanpole with a title tiod to it.”

enough to see the real thing,” he went	Yet Sir Arthur Cole, Baronet, was re-

on, “ and even then we are apt to feel	garded by many as a deeidedly desirable

disappointed until we grasp the subtler	parti, and he himself thoroughly con-

side of it all. Personally, I'm glad 1	curred in this opinion. It was evident

came. I enjoy every hour of my stay.”	lie had been an onlooker rather than a

“You aren’t the only member of the	participant in the discussion between

party who is extracting wholesale en-	Mohun and May Farrar, as he looked

joy ment,” replied Mrs. Sharpe, lowering	uncomfortably from one to the other

her voice and nodding significantly to-	and seemed anxious to lead the talk into

ward two men and a girl who were com-	some other channel,

ing up the path from the river bank	“ Uncle Jack,” cried the girl, partly

toward the tents. “Your niece, Miss	in fun, partly in vexation, “ will-you

Farrar, ought to be happy with all the	kindly explain to Mr. Mohun that if I

attention she is receiving. Look at her,	need any advice as to my conduct I can

dividing her favors impartially between	come to you for it without troubling

young Mr. Mohun and Sir Arthur. I	him ? ”

confess to a li\ely interest in that tri-	Mohun reddened under his bronzed

angular love affair.”	skin as the major and Mrs. Sharpe

Love a9air is hardly the word for	looked at him in quizzical inquiry,

it, I hope! " retorted the major testily.	“ If Fve interfered with Miss Farrar’s

“ May has a good, level head on her	wishes,” he began, “ it. was merely for

shoulders, and she’s not foolish enough	her sake. Not'for mv own amusement,

to take too seriously the attentions of	There is an old raft down at the shore

chance traveling acquaintances.

Miss Farrar wants to take my groom,
THE FUGITIVE.

71

Imbarak, and cross to the other side
of the river.”

  “Well, why shouldn't she?’’ asked
the major. “If the raft will hold them
both ? ”

   " That's just what 1 said! ” exclaimed
May.

  “ Because,” replied Mohun gravely,
“ Imbarak tells me the other side is un-
safe; that boars have occasionally been
found in the thickets there; that the
footing is treacherous; and that snakes
are not unheard of in the patches of
marshy ground. But if Miss Farrar
really wants to cross, and if you think
it safe, sir, I shall be glad to cross with
her.”

  “ So shall I,” broke in Sir Arthur.
“ I’d be jolly glad to escort her any-
where. But if there's really danger,
hadn't she better-”

  “ I don’t want the escort of either
of you, thanks!” retorted May with
pretty wilfulness. “ I mean to be the
first of my party to explore the east
bank of the Jordan. Imbarak doesn’t
count. He says he understands rafts,
and he can shoo away any boars. Be-
sides, I’ve got this ”—and she drew a
small revolver from her pocket—“in
case of snakes or-”

  “ If the snakes would only stand be-
hind you they'd fall read}' victims to
your skill as a markswoman,” laughed
the major; “but of course you can go
if you choose to. I’ve no patience with
this talk of peril in the Orient.

  “ Syria is as safe as Jersey City.
Every traveler knows that. Robbers,
dangerous wild animals, and fanatics
were all cleared out years ago. But
Americans who come to the Holy Land
like to pretend they are in an atmos-
phere of peril.

  “ It disgusts me, this continual harp-
ing on danger, danger, danger! Cross
the Jordan if you want to, May; if
you’re sure Imbarak understands hand-
ling a raft. The worst danger you’ll in-
cur will be a spill into the water. And
I think there are enough men here to
rescue you if you do upset.”

  “But,” protested Sir Arthur, “it
would be beastly cold to tumble into the
Jordan in winter. Do be careful, Miss
Farrar.”

  There was a laugh at the baronet’s

serious tone, and a second laugh at the
blank stare of surprise. Then, with a
triumphant glance at Mohun, May
Farrar left the group and beckoned up
a small, wiry man in native garb.

  “ Imbarak,” she called loudly enough
for Mohun to hear, “ get the raft ready
and we will cross now.”

  “ I-o-a, sit ” (Yes, madam), responded
the little brown man with alacrity, - but
Mr. Mohun ? Does he say I can go ? I
am his groom.”

  May turned impatiently toward
Mohun, too proud to ask his leave. But
he saved her the trouble by nodding
curtly at Imbarak and then turning his
back on them both.

  “You spoke a few minutes ago, sir,”
he said to the major. “ about the
absence of danger in Syria. You were
partly right, of course. But in all
Eastern countries, so I have read, noth-
ing is certain except uncertainty. And
Syria is no exception.

  “ Of course the Bedouins no longer
as a ride commit robberies openly in the
more settled districts here, nor do
Moslem fanatics openly kill Christians
just to prove their piety. But Bedouins
are still thieves at heart, and fanatics
only await the chance to kill every
Christian within reach. All that either
Bedouins or fanatics need to make them
as dangerous as of old is a word of en-
couragement from high quarters.”

  “ But that word shall never be

spoken. The Sultan of Turkey is-”

  “ The Sultan is a .solitary, isolated
man, struggling vainly to reform and
build up a nation which ought to be the
richest on earth and which is the
poorest. The pashas grind down the
peasantry and townfolk and send lying
reports to their masters of the country's
condition. The Christians in Syria,
especially in Damascus, where we are
planning to go next week, have pros-
pered under the just laws of the present
Sultan, and the local Mohammedans are
discontented.

  f* There's a fairly well-defined rumor
that the authorities at Damascus are
scared at the growing hatred against
the Christians, and that a clique of
nobles there are almost openly advocat-
ing a massacre and a general looting of
Christians’ property. The nobles have
72

THE ARGOSY.

their eyes on the ‘ Unbelievers’ ’ wealth,
and also want to make themselves pop-
ular with the rabble. The authorities
fear the influence of the nobles with
the Sultan, and therefore they dare not
crush the threateued revolt with an iron
hand. Things are getting serious up
there, I hear. Perhaps it might be
wiser to postpone-”

  “ Postpone our trip there?” cried the
major, who had listened with incredu-
lous impatience. “ My boy, you’re talk-
ing arrant nonsense! We’re living in
the latter half of the nineteenth century
and under the protection of the Ameri-
can flag. Massacre? Rot!”

  “But it’s true that fanatics from all
parts of Islam are flocking to Damascus;
and Bedouins from the Syrian Desert,
and-”

  *• If you’re afraid to risk your life
there, Ralph.” said the major disgust-
edly. “ stay in the safer neighborhood of
Jerusalem. We should be sorry to lose
your society, of course, but we don’t
want you to die of fright.

  “ Why, man alive, do you suppose I’d
take my niece to Damascus if there was
an atom of danger? Or that I'd advise
the rest of our party to go there with us
if it were not perfectly safe? Absurd! ”

  “ I think you know that I don’t fear
for myself,” said Mohun, rising from
the deck chair into which he had thrown
himself, “ but as to safety—well, as Sir
Richard Burton once said, *' There can
be no real security in the lands dark-
ened by the Shadow of the Prophet.’ ”

  He strolled away toward the river
bank, where he stood watching Imbarak
deftly guiding the raft through the
swirl of yellow waters toward a wide
strip of white sand on the opposite
bank.

  " Pui sorry I spoke so harshly to the
boy,” said the major, looking after
him, “ I shouldn’t have pretended to
doubt his courage, for if I’m any judge
of men lie’s as plucky and as square a
cluip as ever I saw/ But his talk of
danger riled me. I trust, madam,” he
went on, turning to Mrs. Sharpe, “ that
you are not alarmed at the prospect of
going to Damascus with us?”

  “ Why. to be frank with you, I am”
replied the old lady. “ I’m a little timid
by nature, 1 suppose, and all this talk

of fanatics and Bedouins and the
‘ Shadow of the Prophet ’ frightens me.
But.” she added brightly, “I’m going
all the same. It will be my only chance,
for I must return to Boston next
month.”

  “So soon? I thought you Avere to
stay on this side of the Atlantic until
summer.”

  “ I was. But my mail, that M. Gelat
sent on from Jerusalem to-day, has
altered my plans.”

  “No bad news, I hope? ”

  “ Very bad, 1 fear. But it’s a longish
story, and I won’t bore you with it.”
“Nothing you tell me, madam, could
possibly bore me,” and there was a note
of reai feeling in the pompous tones
that brought a faint flush to her with-
ered check. “ 1 beg that you will let me
know if I can be of assistance in any
way.”

  “ Thank you, major. I appreciate
your words more than I can say. My
news, in brief, is that the great banking
house of Warren & Co., of Boston, is
in grave danger.”

  “ You don’t say so! I thought it was
one of the most solidly established
houses in America. Mark Warren, the
president of the bank, was a chum of
mine in Yale. I haven’t seen him for
ten years, but up to that time we were-
like brothers. Poor old Mark!”

  “ You are wasting your sympathy on
him if the reports in my letter are true.
It is thought that he or some member
of his firm has squandered in specula-
tion a large sum of money entrusted to
the bank’s keeping. All my little for-
tune is involved, and if the bank fails

I- But don’t let us think of that. I

only mention it to explain why I must
cut short my visit to the East. My letter
was from a lawyer whom I know. It
was delayed three weeks by the cholera
quarantine at Port Said. I should have
received it nearly a month ago. At the
time it was written the story of the de-
falcation was still hushed up. But it is
probably public by now, and the bank
may have gone to pieces for all 1 know.
<>h. i! there were only some means of

getting news! I-”

  A cry from the farther bank, au
answering shout, and the sound of a
plunge iuto the water, brought them
THE FUGITIVE.

73

both to their feet. Sir Arthur Cole,
who had strolled farther up the clearing,
also turned, and all three ran toward
the bank.

  There one glance explained the entire
situation to the major’s eyes, sharpened
as they were by many campaigns and
surprises.

  May Farrar and Imbarak had beached
their raft on the east bank and had
started across the wide strip of white,
moist sand toward the higher ground.
They had not taken a dozen steps when
both had sunk to the knees in the
treacherous footing.

  The groom had at once recognized
the nature of the danger and had tried
to throw himself face downward on the
sand, but his feet were already too
deeply embedded. May, not compre-
hending, had struggled to free herself,
with the inevitable result that she sank
at once to the waist in the white,
shifting sands.

  Iinbarak’s agonized face and his gasp
of “Quicksands!” told her the full
story of her peril, and she cried wildly
for aid.

  Ralph Mohiiii, 011 the opposite bank,
had for the moment turned his eyes
from the newly - landed explorers and
was watching a gnarled tree floating
down-stream, but May’s cry had scarcely
reached his ears when his coat, waist-
coat and shoes were tossed oil and he
had leaped into the icy waters of the
J ordan.

  With long, overhand racing-stroke he
battled his way across the swift stream,
aiming for a point higher up in order to
counterbalance the effect of the current.
Each stroke carried the upper half of his
body out of the muddy torrent.

  Logs, branches and other floating
debris buffeted him cruelly, but he
managed to keep his head clear of any
of these obstacles, and each cleaving
stroke carried his muscular body nearer
the quicksands.

  The major, Sir Arthur and the serv-
ants, meantime, were rushing aimlessly
along the western bank in the vain
search for a boat, and bellowing foolish
advice to the imperiled girl.

  Imbarak had ceased to struggle, and
bin brown face took 011 a stoical, dull
look, the intense fatalism of the East

having laid hold upon his brain and
nerves.

  May, however, her straining eyes fixed
on the alternately rising and sinking
face of the swimmer, continued to
struggle fiercely as she felt the quick-
sands drawing her deeper and deeper
into its grip.

  The Jordan, at no point wide, is
barely two hundred feet from bank to
bank at the spot where tourists usually
camp. It was thus but the work of a
minute for so expert a swimmer as
Ralph Moliun to reach the place where
the raft was beached. Scrambling on it,
he bent his full strength to the task of
ripping off the broad boards that
formed its deck.

  The raft was old, the nails rusty, and
in a moment he had torn four of the
boards free. Throwing them, two by-
two, upon the sands he sprang across
them to where Ma\r, buried almost to
the shoulders, awaited him. The wide
surface of the planks withstood the suc-
tion of the treacherous sand.

  Luckily, in quicksand it is almost as
easy to draw forth an object emi-edded
as it is for that object to sink in.
Therefore a single tremendous pull of
Ralph’s powerful arms sufficed to lift
May from the moist, quaking grave into
which she had so nearly lost her life, and
to place her, trembling and exhausted,
on the planks beside him.

  His arm still encircled her, and for
one brief, pregnant instant rescuer and
rescued looked into each other's eyes.

  In that look a knowledge, a wonder-
ful certainty,- passed from one to the
other.

  Through her exhaustion the girl felt
a wave of color surge to her face. The
man’s eyes glowed and darkened.
Neither spoke.

  A cheer from the little group on the
opposite bank and the spell was broken.
Picking her up lightly in his arms,
Ralph Moliun carried May to the
wreck of the raft, set her down there,
and bounded back to where Imbarak
waited.

  Wresting the luckless Syrian from the
clinging sands less gently than he bail
lifted May from them, Mohun deposited
the limp, nerveless body on the planks.

  “ Come! ” he said sharply. “ Brace
74

THE ARGOSY.

up! Help me move these planks back
to the raft. Step on the next one anrl
then lift this one you're on now. We’ll
need them.”

  Dully the native obeyed. He had
been too near death to realize clearly
his unexpected deliverance.

  Working mechanically under Mohun’s
orders, he"gained the strip of safer sand
where the raft lay and set to work at his
task of repairing the rude vessel.

  Five minutes later the three were 011
the west bank again, May crying
quietly in Mrs. Sharpe’s arms, and
Mohun looking very foolish as he re-
ceived the thanks of the much-flustered
major.

  1,1 You showed pluck, my boy!” the
older man was vociferating, “ and what
is better, you showed presence of mind.

It was a proof that-”

  “ That there may still be a few dan-
gers even in Syria?” queried Ralph
innocently, and the majors mingled re-
sentment and gratitude strangled the
reply in his throat.

  But a diversion occurred to end the
embarrassing situation. Imbarak, the
groom, who had stood stupidly staring
across at the quicksands, suddenW
turned and walked up to the tourists.

  Slowly unwinding his dirty white
turban, the Syrian laid it at Mohun's
feet. Ignorant of Eastern customs,
Ralph did not realize that this is the
world-old oriental form of vowing
eternal allegiance—not until the
groom’s words enlightened him.

  “ Howajisaid Imbarak simply, “ I
am your dog. By the tombs of my
fathers, by the sword of the Prophet, I
lay my life forever at your feet. When
the hand of death was on me, you lifted
me to life again. Another would have
saved the sit and would have forgotten
the servant. My life is yours. I say it—
I, Imbarak Abou-Najib.”

  The quiet simplicity with which he
spoke robbed the words of much of
their melodramatic effect, yet, with the
Anglo-Saxon hatred of demonstrative-
ness, Mohun looked and felt supremely
uncomfortable as he answered lamely.

  “ Oh, that’s all right. Glad to have
been able to do you a good turn. Let
the matter drop there! ”

  He walked away, leaving the native to

pick up and resume his turban and to
mutter guttural prayers of gratitude in
his own dissonant Arabic tongue.

CHAPTER II.

A SURPRISE.

  For two days longer the party re-
mained encamped beside the Jordan,
making little horseback trips to the
near-by ruins of ancient Jericho; to the
salt plains at the northern end of the
Dead Sea; to that weird, uncanny body
of water, the Dead Sea itself ; and to the
sites of the Cities of the Plain.

  The w'hole valley of the Jordan is full
of wonders of nature and of historical
and religious interest. The Americans,
with the exception of two of their party,
enjoyed the experience to the full.

  These two exceptions were Ralph
Mohun and May Farrar. And the
reason for their lack of interest in out-
side environment was easy to under-
stand.

  When Ralph Mohun had chanced to
meet Miss Farrar and the major,
through having a seat at their table at
Shepheard’s Hotel in Cairo a month
before, both uncle and niece had taken
an instant liking to him. On hearing
that he was on his way to the Holy
Land they begged him to join their
party. Hesitatingly he consented.

  A frank friendship of rapid growth
had sprung up between the young fel-
low and May, and had, unconsciously on
both sides, ripened into a deeper feeling
of whose nature and comprehensiveness
both had for the first time become
aware in that one moment of rescue on
the quicksands.

  But since then, to May’s surprise and
chagrin, the man appeared to avoid her.
He seldom addressed her directly, and
evaded all chances of a tete-a-tete.

  At first May fancied this attitude on
his part might be accidental, and she
was secretly grateful for the respite
wherein she might adjust her mind and
heart, to this new and wonderful emo-
tion which, springing into life in one
moment, now filled and swayed her
whole being.

  Rut before the party turned their
laces toward .Jerusalem on the morning
THE FUGITIVE.

75

oi the third day, May Farrar could no
longer doubt that Mohun’a new cold-
ness of manner and actual avoidance
of her were intentional.

  That he was unhappy she could
plainly see. That his disquiet had to do
with her she readily guessed.

  Woman-like, and conscious of free-
dom from oifen.se, she was too proud to
seek an explanation or to try to force
her .society on a man who was obviously
seeking to avoid it.

  Thus it was that with unseeing eyes
the two young people gazed on scenes
fraught with the world’s most marvel-
ous history and most sacred religious
associations.

  It is a day’s journey by fairly easy
stages from the Valley of the Jordan
to Jerusalem. Part of the route lies
over a rough road laid in the days of
Roman rule, and little improved in the
past nineteen centuries, and part lies
over a mere narrow, rock-girt path
where carriages cannot pass and where
horsemen must ride single file.

  The first portion of the journey is
through shaded orchards of olive,
orange and lemon trees laden with
fruit and flower. The latter part is over
a mountainous, barren, desolate tract
where dull-gray rock and duller brown
earth blend into a monochrome of
dreariness.

  u It is like a Land of the Dead,” com-
mented Mrs. Sharpe to the major, who
rode beside her palanquin.

  “ It is a land of the dead,” he an-
swered gravely. “ A land whose glory
is departed. But there are more holy
memories roused by the outlines of
these barren hills and by the very dust
of these roads than by all the beauties
of the rest of the world.

   “ This land is the cradle of our faith.
1 feel that with every step I take I am
treading on holy ground. I only wish,”
he added with a sigh, “ that I could in-
stil a little feeling of the sort into our
young people here.”

  He indicated with his head Sir Arthur
and May, who were riding together a
hundred yards in advance of their
elders, laughing and ehatting gaily.

  ‘“Youth is youth!” responded Mrs.
Sharpe oracularly, “ but evidently the
4 triangular love affair’ is no longer tri-

angular. Where is Mr. Mohun? Have
he and May had a tilT?”

  ■c 1 hope not, ’ said the major, turning
in his saddle to locate the missing
swain, “ for I like the boy. I'd be sorry
if May had trifled with his heart to any
serious extent. He’s too good a chap for
her to torture. There he is now, riding
with Imbarak nearly half a mile behind
us. What ails tho lad? On the journey
from Jerusalem to the Jordan he never
left May’s side.”

  “ I wouldn’t worry. Probably some
silly misunderstanding such a,- young
people enjoy. You seem fond of Mr.
Mohun. Are you prepared to welcomc
him as a nephew-in4aw ? ”

  " Well, I’d hardly say that. You see
I know so little of him. We met him
accidentally in Cairo and liked him and
insisted on his joining us. He is from
Boston, is recently out of Harvard, and
is spending a year in travel before set-
tling down to business. Thai is all he
has told me about himself. He seems to
have plenty of spending money and
plenty of leisure, and from his manner
I can see he is a gentleman by birth and
breeding.

  “ That’s all I really I-now of him. If
he and May come to an understanding it
will of course be my duty as her uncle
and guardian to make strict inquiries
as to his family, finances, antecedents,
etc. But .it has struck me that for the
past day or so he and May don’t seem
as fond of each other’s society as of old
—ever since he helped her out of the
quicksands, in fact. Queer, isn’t it ? But
young Cole is getting his innings on ac-
count of it.”

  “ I’ve lived in and around Boston all
my life,” said Mrs. Sharpe reflectively,
“ and I know, by name or personally,
nearly every family of any account in
the whole city. But I recall no name
such as Mohun. Nor, though I’ve ques-
tioned him once or twice, can I make
him speak of any acquaintances in Bos-
ton. Besides, I’ve noticed that though
we have all been together for more than
a month he has never received any mail.
Not a single letter.

  “ Nor have I ever seen him writing so
much as a postcard in the hotel writing-
rooms on steamer-days. It is none of
my business, and I suppose I am a pry-
THE ARGOSY.

mg, spying old woman, but all this
strikes me as odd. May 1 advise you, in
ease affairs do come to a head,'to make
very strict inquiries before trusting that
dear little girl's life and happiness into
his care ?”

  “ You may count on me/' said the
major stiffly, “but I believe and ear-
nestly hope that you are mistaken—if 1
am any judge of faces. And yet all you
say of his peculiarities strikes me as odd
now that I think it over. Well, let s
hope it will turn out all right. But I'm
sorry to have a doubt of Ralph planted
in my mind. For, as I said, I'm fond of
the boy. Let us talk of something else,
please.”

  Meantime Mohun had some time be-
fore made a pretext of dismounting and
examining his saddle-girth, with Im-
barak’s assistance, and had thus allowed
himself to drop behind the rest of the
little cavalcade.

  “ Well,” he said to the groom as he
remounted, “you asked me to drop
back. What did you want? ”

  “To speak to you in private, howaji.
1 may not get a chance at the hotel.”

  “ if it is any more of that nonsense

about your gratitude-”

  " It is not, howaji,. But it is because
of that gratitude that I speak. May 1
proceed ? ”

  The groom, like many another Mos-
lem in impoverished circumstances, had
as a boy taken advantage of the univer-
sal opportunity which the American
college at Beirut offers to natives to
secure an occidental education. He
therefore spoke English with an almost
imperceptible accent, and while cling-
ing to Moslem faith and Islam condi-
tions had acquired as much occidental
learning as the average American gram-
mar school graduate.

  “ Go on,” assented Mohun. “ What is
it you wanted to tell me?”

  “ What I say I must ask you to regard
as secret, sir. Have 1 your promise?”
Mohun nodded carelessly, his mind
and eyes on a trim, slender figure in
close-fitting riding-habit half a mile
ahead.

  “ I wish to warn you, howaji, not to
go to Damascus, and to beg vou to pre-
vent your friends from going.”

  “ Then you believe this rumor of an

uprising against the Christians.
asked Ralph with new interest.

  “ Believe it ? I know it is true. The
1Jtch-ul-llasoul (Brotherhood of the
Prophet), of which I am a member, has
sent word to Damascenes in every part
of Syria to ‘ come home to the feast.

1 am of Damascus. My mother lives
there in the Street of the Mehdan.”

  “ And you mean to say that this fra-
ternal crew of cut-throats is actually
sending out invitations to its members
to come and cut Christians’ throats? It

is the most-”

  *f Do not judge, howaji! You are of
the West, we of the East. You cannot
understand. The Ukh-ul-Rasoul is but
one of many guilds in Damascus that
have suffered from the Sultan’s weak
toleration of the Christians. The
nobles are behind us. The serail (local
government) knows but cannot prevent.
There will be killing and plundering
and burning. 1, whose life is yours,
warn you to stay south here where there
is safety.”

  “ And you actually intend to join in
this slaughter?”

  “I? No, howaji. I have learned the
education of the Christian; [ have seen
that he is a good man and not a sorcerer,
as my brethren believe. While I do not
embrace his creed, I honor and revere
it. I shall take no part in the ‘ feast.’ ’’
“ Yet you will keep silence and let
innocent men—perhaps even women
and children—he murdered?”

  ‘‘It is kismet, howaji. It is fate.
Their lives are in the hollow of Allah’s
hand. It is not for me to speak. Be-
sides,” he added, a practical note creep-
ing into his apathetic voice, “my breth-
ren would kill me with most unpleasant
tortures if I betrayed them.”

    \\ e will not go to Damascus. I can
answer for that. I suppose I ought to

thank you, but-”

    I’he major is calling, howaji. Shall
we catch up with the rest? ”

  Putting their wiry Syrian ponies to a
gallop, they swept past the baggage
mules laden with tents and chests,
breasted the rise, of the hill, and joined
the tourists who were awaiting them
Mohun tried to laugli off the major’s
remonstrances at his long absence, but
his mind was busy with plans for pre-
THE FUGITIVE.

77

venting the proposed visit to ancient
Damascus.

  They rode into Jerusalem, tired,
dusty and hungry, at nightfall. Mohun
lingered for a word with Imbarak as
the party dismounted in front of the
Grand Hotel. The others passed on
into the terrace reception-room.

     Any new arrivals since we left, land-
lord?" asked Sir Arthur as the portly
host greeted them on the threshold.

  “ Only one, sir," replied the boniface;
an American gentleman—Mr. Zcnas
Shattuck, of Boston, U. S. A.”

  ‘“ Another feilow-citizen of yours,
Mrs. Sharpe,’* the major was beginning
gaily, when a man who had been stand-
ing in the center of the wide room
slouched forward toward them.

  lie was long rather than tall, lean to
emaciation, with enormous hands, feet
and ears, and a wrinkled, grayish face,
in whose narrow eyes and tliin-lipped
mouth a half-humorous shrewdness and
a tremendous fund of latent energy
seemed to dwell.

  His keen glance swept the group and
there was a suppressed look of disap-
pointment on his leathery face as lie
ended the scrutiny.

  “ Heard my name mentioned," he said
in an unmistakable “ Down-East ”
drawl. “ Let me make myself ac-
quainted. I’m Zenas Shattuck, of-”

  He paused and, turning suddenly,
walked up to Ralph Mohun, who was
just entering the room.

  ** 1 want you, young man," he said,
laying his hand on the newcomer's
shoulder.

  Ralph spun around as though gal-
vanized by the touch. His eyes rested
on Shattuck with a sort of horrified fas-
cination as the latter opened his thin
lips to speak again.

  But the words never left them. For,
shaking off the momentary apathy of
amazement, Mohun drove his left fist
full into the other’s face.

  The long, lean man reeled backward
with the velocity of a catapult, caromed
against a table and tumbled heavily to
tlie floor, upsetting a chair and a bric-a-
brac-covered taboret in his fall. Before
the prostrate victim could make a move
to rise, before the amazed spectators
could move or speak, Ralph Mohun with

a single bound had reaehed the long
French window leading out into the
hotel gardens.

  He tugged fiercely at.the knob, then,
putting his shoulders to the sash, burst
the stout fastenings and leaped out into
the darkness, a shower of glass clatter-
ing to the polished iloor behind him.

  Zenas Shattuck, revolver in hand,
sprang through the wrecked window in
hot pursuit.

CHAPTER III.

I-V THE GARDEN OF SORROWS.

  In speechless astonishment the four
tourists looked from one to another of
their number, each seeing reflected in
the nearest face the blank amazement
of his own.

Cole was the first to break silence.

  “ Our friend Mohun seems to be—er

—wauled, as the London bobbies say,”
he remarked dazedly. “ What the
deuce do you suppose lie's done? That
chap was a detective, I'll bet a fiver.”

  2s o one answered. Old Mrs. Sharpe,
with feminine intuition, came closer to
Miss Farrar and slipped an arm about
the trembling girl's waist. She felt
May’s heart beating tumultuously and
knew what that moment of suspense and
shock must mean to her.

 The embarrassing interval was
broken by the return of Zenas Shattuck.
He reappeared in the broken window-
frame, muddy and bruised from several
tumbles in the dark garden, his forehead
bleeding slightly from Ralph Mohun’s
blow, and his whole aspect the picture
of rough usage and disorder.

  But the white blaze of rage in his
little blue eyes, the wrath and pallor of
his sallow, leathery face drew attention
from mere details of costume.

  “ Did you catch him ? ” asked Sir
Arthur with cheerful fatuity.

  “ Yes," snarled Shattuck savagely.
“ Of course I’ve got him. Here in my
pocket. Any fool could see that/’

   I—I suppose you’re a detective? ’’
faltered Sir Arthur, his Anglican mind
groping for a hidden meaning in Shat-
tuck’s words.

   And 1 s’pose you’re an English-
man,” snapped Zenas; “and that shows
how all-fired smart we both are.”
the argosy.

7S

  « My friend Sir Arthur Cole did not
intend to annoy you. Mr. Sliattuck, ^
said ihe major eonciliatingly. ’ "ia.'

I introduce myself ? I am Major Craw-
ford, of New York. You must pardon
us for seeming inquisitive. You see,
the man who has just escaped ihrougn
no fault of yours, I am sure—was a
friend of ours. We have traveled for
some time with Mr. Mohun, and——

  « Mr. who?” broke in the detective.
  “Mr. Mohun—Mr. Ralph Mohun—

the man-”	,

   “ So that's the name, is it ? growled

Zenas.

  *■' Why, what other ? Do you mean
he was traveling under an alias?

  “ What I mean or what I don't mean
i> no concern of anybody's but mine and
his. He's the man I'm after, all right.
I've seen him often enough in Boston to
know him. And I'll get him, too, even
if he has given me the slip for the min-
ute in that measly black garden out
there. Oh, I'll t/ttf'him right enough! ’

  *• Won't you tell us with what crime
he is charged, constable ? ” asked Cole
easterly.

    No, 1 won't. Is that plain enough ?
It's none of your business. I've got a
warrant for him and 1 11 get him. That’s
enough for you to know. If I’d had
sense enough to communicate first with
the chief of police here, instead of
trying to be a smart Alec and play a
lone hand, I'd never have let him slip.”
*■ Do you know,” babbled Cole, his
monocle sweeping the group with be-
nevolent triumph, “ I've always had my
suspicions of that Mohun. Always said
to myself he was a queer Johnny. He'd
never talk about himself, you know.
Always distrust a chap that won't talk
about himself. Now, I am always glad

to talk about myself. I-”

  “ I'm afraid you were right, Mrs.
Sharpe, in the suspicions you voiced to-
day/’ said the major sadly. “I blame
myself bitterly for being taken in by the
fellow. And yet he seemed so straight-
forward, so gentlemanly! ”

    " Oh, don't talk of my wretched sus-
picion.-! ” cried the poor old lady, cast-
ing a frightened glance at May, who, at
her uncle's words, drew quietly away
from the elder woman’s protecting arm.
“ Don't talk of my wrctched suspicions.

I'm i bad-hearted old creature ever to

have had suck thoughts or to have
spoken them. No doubt I was utterly
mistaken. He may dear himself yet
“Not he!” retorted the major with
sorrowful conviction. “ An honest man
doesn't take to his heels when accused of
crime or when accosted by a detective.

   “ But he may have lost his head.

   “ The man who had coolness and pres-
ence of mind enough to plan and carry
out the rescue of May and the groom
from the quicksand isn't likely to lose
his head under a lesser emergency. No,
no I’m the last man who would have
believed in his guilt if he hadn’t given
ample proof of it by running away.”

  “ Always suspected him. Queer
Johnny! ” supplemented Sir Arthur,

chuckling.

  “If you’ll excuse me, uncle,’ said
May, “ i think I’ll go to my room. I’m
very tired.”

  Zenas Sliattuck looked keenly after
the departing girl, noting the drooping
liues of her figure and the set, hopeless
look on her white face.

  “ The only one of the whole crowd
that hadn’t something to say against
him,” he muttered under his breath.
“ She’ll bear watching.”

*	* " * *

  Early the following morning May
Farrar came down into the terrace-
roorn. The hotel was silent and the
lower floors deserted in the gray of the
Syrian dawn.

   The girl had passed a sleepless, mis-
erable night. The indoor air suffocated
her.

  She dreaded meeting her friends at
the breakfast table, to hear their com-
ments on her pallid complexion and
black-ringed eyes. .She felt that she
must get out of doors—anywhere—by
herself, to think matters over and to
get a fresh grip on her shattered nerves.

  Throwing a wrap about her shoul-
ders—for the morning was as chill as
the noon would be hot—she passed the
sleeping porter and let herself out into
the narrow street.

  The thoroughfare was empty'. On
the roof of the gray Tower of David,
directly opposite, a drowsy 'Turkish sen-
tinel paced. Turning to the right. May
walked rapidly toward the Jaffa Gate.
THE FUGITIVE.

79

  Even the walled confines of the Holy
City seemed to oppress her. She
wanted to be in the open country. Of
Jerusalem’s six modern entrances, the
Jaffa Gate lies nearest to the Grand
Hotel. The warder had just opened it
for the day as May appeared.

  The stolid Syrian stared open-
mouthed at the unprecedented specta-
cle of a woman walking abroad alone
and at dawn. Grumbling something to
himself about the “ madness of all
feringhl ” (foreigners), he watched her
as she struck out with the free, grace-
ful stride of the Anglo-Saxon pedes-
trian along the by-road that skirts the
city^s walls to the north.

  Jerusalem long ago outgrew its walls,
and the overflow lias spilled in dis-
orderly fashion to the west and south
of the city, in the shape of all sorts of
irregular, untidy structures from pack-
ing-box shanties to mud and stucco
community buildings. To the north and
the east the Holy City cannot spread.

  The deep and precipitate sides of the
valley, in whose center lies the Brook of
Kedron and whose farther slope culmi-
nates in the Mount of Olives, cut off
further building on the east, while a
Mohammedan cemetery and irregulari-
ties of ground render growth almost
equally impracticable on the north.

  With this conformation vaguely in
mind, yet half-unconscious as to her
direction, May Farrar rounded the*
northwestern buttresses of the gray old
walls and turned east toward Kedron.

  Scavenger dogs prowled in the ditch
at the base of the wall. An occasional
peasant leading a donkey laden with
wares 1'or the morning^s market passed
May in the narrow road and eyed her in
stupid wonder. But her self-possession
and the absence of all furtiveness from
her manner served almost as effectively
as did the dumb misery in her face to
avert insult.

  She moved on unmolested, this slen-
der, sad-eyed American girl, where a
woman Of any race save the Anglo-
Saxon would have been subjected to a
thousand perils.

  Only once she paused. She was op-
posite the Damascus Gate and stopped to
gaze for an instant at a low, skull-shaped
hillock just north of the ditch-road.

  The little hill was dotted by a number
of graves and in its sides were the scars
of abandoned quarries. The summit
presented the one green spot in all that
dreary, grayish landscape.

  It was in a cave at the base of this hill
that Gordon discovered the tomb and
other evidences which led him and a
large portion of the Christian world to
identify the spot as the real Mount Cal-
vary. The presence of Moslem graves
on the sacred hill have prevented its
demolition before the encroachment of
building enterprises.

  The sun, rising over the Mount of
Olives, gilded the green crest of Calvary
as the girl gazed reverently. She
bowed her head and stood thus a mo-
ment in silence before hurrying on.

  A long string of mangy, mouse-
colored camels, laden with bales and 1* d
by a furrv little gra)' donkey, was toil-
ing up the steep hill leading from
Kedron as May began her descent, and
she stood aside to let the ugly brutes
and their grinning, shouting drivers
pass.

  Then she picked her way along the
stone-strewn dusty highway to the
valley below. Later in the day the
dried bed of Kedron Brook at this point
would be alive with traffic, discordant
with the yells of vendors, and infested
by loathsome lepers and other more or
less unsightly mendicants.

  But now over the whole scene brooded
the solemn peace and hush of the
dawn. The Mount of Olives loomed up
before her, somber and beautiful.
About its lower slopes clustered olive
orchards and the white walls of monas-
teries.

  Breasting the slope, May checked
herself to look in through the wide-
open gates of a walled garden. Wind-
ing natural paths intersected the neg-
lected, flower-sprinkled turf, and
enormous gnarled ancient olive trees
cast a soft shade along the reaches of
swaying grass.

  The whole enclosure breathed of
peace, repose, silence.

  Passing through the gateway, May
Farrar eutered the garden. Here for
the fust time her restlessness vanished.
A mystic sense of calm crept over her.

  The tension of the past twelve hours
 foliage of
 Far

80

relaxed. Throwing herself face down-
ward in the long, soft grass, the girl It
to sobbing softly. And with the teaib

came peace.

Above, in the gray-green
the olives, birds were twittering,
in the distance the voice of a muezzin
(priest) calling the faithful to morning
prayer came faintly to her ears. \ oice
after voice from the distant city caught
up the call as from minaret to minaret
the muezzins sent forth their sonorous,
chanting summons:

“ Allah-hu-Akbar! La Malt Illah -'1M /
Mah mo ad S iadnah Raso u I A Hah.

   \ light step on the gravel path near
by broke in on the girl's grief and she
sprang hastily to her feet.

   Before her. his face swathed m the
folds of a brown silk Icafieh (native head-
dress), stood a Syrian. Some distance
behind him, in the gateway of the gar-
den, a second native was waiting. May
at a glance recognized the farther man
as Imbarak, the groom.

   Despite the Icafieh which shrouded the
face and the long-striped abbieh and
kurnbaz which muffled the figure of the
nearer native, there seemed something
familiar about his bearing.

  “ What—what do you want?” she
faltered in English.

   Then, as he did not answer her at
once, she repeated still more nervously
in French:

   “ Que voulez-vous? ”

   A shake of the head and the Icafieh's
folds fell away from the man’s face.

   “ Ralph Mohun! ” cried May incredu-
lously.

   Mohun, his bronzed face dyed to an
even deeper shade of brown, his dark
mustache shaved, his muscular figure
disguised in the shapeless costume of
a native Syrian of the better fellaheen
class, might have walked unrecognized
through a double line of his closest
friends. But the eyes of love are keen,
and at a glance May Farrar knew him.

   Surprise was her first emotion, then
followed a feeling of anger against the
man who, all unworthy, had won her
love and had caused her such suffering.

   It was Mohun who spoke first.

  “ Imbarak supplied me with this

THE ARGOSY.

dress," he began lamely enough, "and
he got me the dye for iny face. *1 here
are so few Americans m Syria that 1
would have been captured in a day if I

 hadn’t disguised myselt.

  lC Why do you tell me this. she
asked coldly, finding her voice at last.
“ It can be of no interest to me.

   “1 did not venture to hope it would
 interest you,” he answered “ I only
 spoke of * it to explain my odd appear-
 ance.”	.

  “ It needed no explanation. But
something else does. And that is your
motive in addressing me after —

after--”

   “ After last night’s scene.'" he sup-
 plemented. "You are right, Miss
 Farrar. My venturing to address you
 at all or to claim acquaintanceship with
 you under such circumstances surely
 requires an explanation. Believe me, it
 was not from an idle whim that 1 fol-
 lowed vou here/

  “ On second thought, Mr. Mohun, I
do not care to hear any explanation you
may offer. Please don't detain me any
longer. 1 must get back to the hotel.”
But he barred the path. She looked
at him in astonishment.

  “I shall only detain you a moment,”
he pleaded, “ and I must ask you to
hear me out. 1 should not trouble you
with any affairs of my own. Please
believe that. But this concerns your,
own safety.”

   She stood still without replying, and
 he continued:

  “The major intends to take you to
Damascus in a day or two. He must
not do so. This is imperative. Had I
remained with your party, I should have
found a means to prevent it. As it is,
i can only appeal to you, for your own
sake, not to go. There is the gravest
sort of danger awaiting all Christians—
native and foreign alike—at Damascus.

   “ I tried to make your uncle under-
 stand this, but he would not. He may
 believe you. If he does not, you must
 feign sickness or resort to any subter-
 fuge to avert the trip. Your life and
 the lives of the whole party may hang
 on this.

   “ Oh. can’t you see I would not have
 risked detection and capture by linger-
 ing near Jerusalem until this morning
THE FUGITIVE.

81

 if it had not been necessary to give you
 this warning and if tlie warning had not
 concerned your very life?”#

  He spoke with an earnestness that
for the moment carried conviction.
Whether or not his warning was justi-
fied, May felt that he had indeed im-
periled his liberty by remaining to
deliver it. And a quick revulsion of
feeling seized her as she looked up into
his troubled, eager eyes.

 “ Mr. Mohun—Ralph,” she ex-
claimed, laying her hand impulsively
on the coarse sleeve of his Isumbaz,
“ forgive me it' I judged you too harshly.
I was wrong to condemn you without a
hearing. Tell me the truth about your-
self. Perhaps 1 can help you.”

  A spasm as of pain twisted his brown,
dyed face and a light sprang iuto his
haggard eyes as he listened. He opened
his lips to speak, then checked himself
as if by a tremendous effort. The
perspiration stood out on his forehead.

  A terrible struggle seemed waging
within him. But when he spoke again
his tone was dull and hopeless, and his
eyes were averted from the pleading,
beautiful face upraised to his.

  “ I can tell you nothing,” he said.
“But you don't understand!” she
insisted. “ 1 am ashamed of myself that
I ever doubted you even for a moment.
If you had stood your ground last night,
none of us would have believed that
wretched Yankee detective. Oh, why
did you run away? It was so—so unlike
you”

  “I I can tell you nothing,” he re-
peated dully.

  “ You must! ” she cried, stamping her
foot with pretty insistence. “ Can't
you see I’ll believe whatever you say—
thal I’ll knoiv you’re speaking the
truth—that I trust you? All you have

to say is ‘ I am innocent,’ and-”

  “ I cannot say it.”

  The words were spoken so low that
she scarcely caught their import. But
the droop of the man’s head, the utter
misery and despair of his countenance
went straight to May’s tender heart.

  She could not—would not—believe
him the guilty wretch that his face, his
bearing, his words implied. She made
one final effort to break down his re-
serve.

      6	A

 “ Ralph Mohun,” she said more
quietly, “ I know little of the world as
men sec it—little of the temptations and
pitfalls that beset a man. So it is not
for me to judge you. But this I do
know : if you have been led into any folly
or lawless act—I will not believe you
capable of crime—the only honest and
manly course open to you is to go back
and bravely face the consequences of
that act; not to hide from its results.
Do that, and whatever your punishment
1 for one will be proud to call you my
friend and to help you by every means
in my power.”

  She checked herself, for as she had
spoken his face had gone ghastly white
under its coat of tan.

 With inarticulate murmur, his
parched throat sought to form words
of reply.

  “You are suffering!” she went on
with a thrill of quick sympathy in her
hurried words. “ It would make it
easier for you to tell me everything. I
might help yot The mouse set the
lion free from the net, you know,

and-”

  The man had regained control of him-
self. His face was calm, his voice ex-
pressionless as he broke in:

  “ I need not tell you. Miss Farrar,
that it would be sweet beyond words to
me if 1 might confide in you—if, in
other words, I might be cur enough to
roll my own load of responsibilities upon
your shoulders.

  “But there are reasons which I i aunot
explain that forbid my taking advantage
of such a chance, even could I bring
myself to do so. I repeat 1 can tell you
nothing, and unfortunately 1 cannot
even act on your advice to give myself
up. You will of course attribute this
latter determination on my part to cow-
ardice.”

  The cold, studied brutality of his tone
struck the girl like a blow in the face,
dampening her ardor, chilling her zeal
in his behalf.

  “ Then,” she said slowly, “ am 1 to

believe-? ”

  “You are to believe what you will,”
he replied, the same forced coldness and
brutality in his voice. “ I can neither
confirm nor deny your belief. I have
delivered the warning; now I will in-
82

THE AEGOSY.

trude on you no longer. I can only
thank you for all your kindness to me,
for the' faith you have tried to have in
me, for the oniv words of hope and kind-
ness that I shall perhaps ever hear."

  “ You avoided me after you saved my
life at the Jordan. Why?
ee I cannot tell you.

  *• Had I offended you in any way ? ”
“You? No! You could never of-
fend me.”

  “ Oh, why make a mystery of all this ?
Why not be honest with me? Isn’t
there enough suffering, enough sorrow
in the world without needlessly causing
more ? ”

 “Enough sorrow and suffering?’
echoed Mohun, with a mirthless laugh.
” Oh, there's enough of both. Il‘ you
came here to forget them, you chose a
strange place for the purpose.

  ■■ Do vou know," he added, his cynical
tone changing to one of reverence, “ do
vou know what garden this is ? ”

 “No.”
   it is Gethsemane! ”

  “ Gethsemane ? ”

  “ The Garden of Sorrows. Was it by
chance you came here ? ”

  ” Yes.” She spoke with a certain
awe, recalling the mystic feeling of sur-
cease from pain that had stolen upon
her the moment her feet had crossed
the threshold of the enclosure.

  “ And now,” resumed Ralph, after a
pause, “ I must go. I shall probably
never see you again. There is much I
would say to you if I had the right. But
I cannot even ask you to think gently of
me. So let us say good-by. I suppose
you don't care to shake hands with
me ? ”

  The appeal in his tone, strangely
enough, awakened her slumbering in-
dignation.

  “ How can you ask it? ” she said bit-
terly. “You imposed yourself on us,
accepted our friendship and became a
member of our party without stopping
to consider the disgrace and mortifica-
tion that might accrue to us when the
exposure came and when we should be
known as the dupes and associates of a
felon.

  “ I have appealed to you this morning
—lowering myself to plead with you as
I never thought I could with any living

person; I have begged you to be honest
with me. You owed Unit, at least, to me
and to all of us. You refuse.

  “ I have implored you to return and
face the consequences of your act as any
man with a spark of honesty and cour-
age should. You refuse. I have no
alternative but to believe the worst of
you. Don’t you know yourself that
an honest man could not act as you are
doing? ”

  “ Yes” assented Mohun heavily, “ 1
suppose he couldn’t. And now, if you
have quite finished, may I go? ”

CHAPTER IV.

FROM PITY TO CONTEMPT.

  The reaction from May Farrar's
burst of righteous anger had set in. She
was half-inclined to beg his forgiveness
for the harshness of her judgment. Yet
had he not even now, by his reply, ac-
knowledged the justice of that judg-
ment ?

  The memory of his face as he had
looked into her eyes when his strong
arms snatched her from death in the
quicksands recurred to her with vivid
distinctness.

  “ 1 spoke cruelly/’ she said with im-
petuous haste. “ I forgot for the mo-
ment that I owe you my life. I ask your
forgiveness.”

  “ There is nothing to forgive,” he re-
turned; “and if you feel you owe me
anything for what happened at the Jor-
dan you can at once cancel the debt and
make me happier by forgetting the
whole occurrence.”

  “ I can never forget it,” she faltered,
instinct and logic warring within her,
and with the usual result.

  She sank on her knees in the deep
grass, buried her face in her hands and
broke into a passion of weeping.

  “ Don't! For God’s sake, don't! ” he
implored brokenly. “ I'm not worth it!
I'm not worth it, I tell you! ”

  He bent with outstretched arms as
though to gather her to his heart, but
by a mighty effort at self-control for-
bore.

  A strand of her gold-brown hair had
become loosened and fell across her
heaving shoulders, glinting and shim-
THE FUGITIVE.

83

mering a? the morning sunbeams danced
through it.

  Ralph Mohun dropped on one knee,
lifted tiie stray lock reverently, unob-
served by the weeping girl, and pressed
it once, twice, thrice in silence to his
lips.

  Then he rose and said once more, in
a voice that he strove in vain to render
conventional:

  “ Good-by, Miss Farrar.”

  A quick patter of slippered feet along
the gravel behind them caused Mohun
to turn nervously and brought May to
her feet.

  Imbarak came hurrying toward them.

  “ Howaji/” he cried, breathless with
fear. “Hide yourself! It is too late
to go out by the gate, and there is no
other exit.”

 “What's the matter?” asked
Ralph.

  “ That tall man! The detective you
told me had crossed the seas to find you!
He is coming. Hide! ”

  “ Shattuck! ” gasped Mohun in
alarm.

  “ Yes. 1 saw a man in feringhi
clothes standing in the valley. He
seemed to be waiting for the sit. He
was too far away for me to see his face,
but he started this way just now as if
he was tired of waiting, and then I
recognized him. Hide, liowaji! Ah, it
is too late! ”

  A long shadow fell across the gateway,
and Zenas Shattuck, looking even more
emaciated and gray of face than on the
previous night, slouched into the gar-
den.

  May Farrar glanced keenly at Mohun
and read in his face a panic-fear that
changed her grief to a quick contempt.
That one human being should thus
shrink in dread of another filled her
with disgust and robbed her of her one
remaining vestige of pity for the cower-
ing man before her.

  M> mu time Shattuck, after one com-
prehensive look among the shadows of
the- garden, strolled forward to where
May and the two men stood. lie noted
her attitude of repulsion toward the
nearer of the two supposed natives.

  “ These heathens botherin’ you, Miss
Farrar?” he drawled as he came up.

  Mohun cowered at the voice, raising

his hands to his face as if expecting a
blow.

  But May, her eves still fixed on him,
noted that the gesture was made for
the purpose of drawing one of the long
silken ends of the Jcafieh across his face.

  But Ralph's next move struck her
dumb with astonished disgust.

  Extending his lean brown hand
humbly toward her, Mohun whined
cringingly:

  “ Baksheesh, sit! Baksheesh! " in the
true Syrian beggar accent.

  “Gee!” vociferated Shattuck. '“It
does beat all how these dirty Eastern
beggars can pester one! I s’pose he saw
you come in here alone and thought he
could scare you into giving him money.

  “Here, you!” turning threateningly
on the cringing Mohun. “ Get out o’
here ! Git, before I break this umbrella
over yer heathen head! What’s he got
his face all bundled up for, I wonder? ”
he added curiously, taking a step toward
the supposed beggar.

  May gasped. But Ralph, desisting
from his plea to her, addressed himself
to Shattuck, never faltering for a sec-
ond before the other’s shrewd scrutiny:
“Baksheesh, howaji/” he whined in
raucous, coughing accents; “ Baksheesh !
Abras! Abras!” (“Alms! I am a
leper! A leper! ”)

  “ What’s he jabbering about now? ”
snorted Shattuck.

  “ If please,” volunteered Imbarak in
very broken English as he came for-
ward ; “ if please, he say-”

  “Who the deuce are you? Another
beggar?” demanded Shattuck, eying
the wiry groom wjth scant favor.

  “ I custodian of garden. Spik Inglese
same as ’Mer’can. Dis man ask alms.
He say he leper.”

  “Leper!” yelled Zenas in horror,
startled out of his usual profound self-
control. “I want to know! A real
leper, eh? I’ve read a lot about ’em in
books. Don’t let him come near me. It
may be contagious. Why does he cover
up his face, though?”

  “ That the law, howaji. Leper can-
not show face. Law. He a-”

  “ He’s coming up to me again! ”
snorted Zenas angrily. “ Tell him to go
away! Run him out o’ here or I’ll re-
port you.”
^	THE ARGOSY.

r r 7- ih.no r» (“Ur off leper!”)	malefactor’s escape seemed unfair, di*-

“Imshi, Abras! ( Be on lepe . ;	^ If on the other hand, there

shouted Imbarak o ledien , «	palliating circumstances in

began to shuffle away, followed by the	■ J«UT1^ysterion8 guiU, further flight

indignant custodian. v	would but make his position worse. In

“Wait!” commanded May Jarrar.	uoui^ ^ re8olvcd]to expose him.

She had been doing soin q. . v agccl	“Wait!” she repeated, speaking

mg. ^uns j^ep i j d d j d	quickly before her just intention could

her contempt tor him ana naa au	i j u ^ Sliattuck, you have been

fuel to her wrath.	,, „

That she should thus connive at adeceived.

(To be continued.)

 A SPECULATION IN SHIRTS

BY L. H. BICKFORD.

What the difference between the Lucky and the Only Dollar meant to Sowders, and how be
contrived to turn a foolish investment into a bonanza.

Siding who had come to shoot the under
sheriff.

Sowders passed up Tontic Avenue in
the best of humor. A man who had a
mission to kill did not then interest him.
Why ugly death as an amusement when
there was gold to be had in the Lucky
Dollar, and a place to put the gold into
circulation—many places, for that mat-
ter, since the Crystal Palace was dupli-
cated everywhere up and down the
street ?

He entered the maze of them, and
there were more toasts. Then out, then
in, and so on until—and here our story
begins—he was come to the shining
front of the Levi Brothers’ “ Gents
Furnishing” store, the rendezvous of
male fashion in Tontic, the mart of
neckties and other fripperies.

The lures of the Levi Brothers were
in two large windows. In one was a
stiff gentleman of faultless form, who
wore a pepper-and-salt suit of clothes,
a derby hat, and patent leather shoes—
an effect that might be reproduced in
toto for the inconsiderable sum of
thirty dollars and seventy-five cents.
This glass of fashion was companioned
bv a woodenv child, whose seven-dollar
sailor suit was the bargain blazoned
upon the sign in the window.

These figures did not comprise all the
enticements. A glass jar, containing
beans, sat on a field of pink-and-blue silk
handkerchiefs. This was a game. He
who came nearest to guessing the num-

AS to whether Sowders was a fool of
luck or a great financier there has
long been a division of opinion in Ton--
tic. It is, however, certain that he im-
pressed himself on the community.

  The circumstances of his arrival are
obscure, for he was merely an addition
of one to the changing population. We
first hear of him in the chronicles of the
time—and they are now more or less
legendary—on a night, in January, when
the Crystal Palace was filled with the
light and life of the mining camp.

  He entered it—according to report—
like a breeze from the snow hills. In
one hand he held an assay certificate,
and in the other a large sum of money.
He was but a head taller than the bar,
and when all there had been summoned
about him, he stepped upon the seat of
a look-out chair, that be might not be
lost in the crowd gathered to accept his
invitation of cheer.

' There he stood a while. The crowd
constantly augmented, and anon he
lifted his glass, toasted the Lucky Dol-
lar Mine, and called on all to witness
that an assay ticket did not lie. Many
toasts followed, until, in the end,
Sowders rolled down from his perch and
stumbled out into the street to leave
those that hung on the fringes of Ton-
tic night life in other hospitable hands.

  Crystal Palace diversions were varied,
and when Sowders was gone he was pres-
ently forgotten in the excitement of-
fered by the arrival of a man from Bull
A SPECULATION IN SHIRTS.

85

ber of beans in the jar—provided he
had previously purchased one dollar’s
worth of goods—received, at a stated
time, and after the beans had been
counted, the large gold watch that lay
in a velvet case at the feet of the gen-
tleman in the pepper-and-salt suit. And
here, also, were colored ties, jeweled
scarf-pins, glittering studs and buttons,
and checked hose.

  Sowders, leaning for support against
a watch-maker’s post, contemplated the
glories in the Levi windows for some
minutes. His eyes traveled from the
pepper-and-salt, suit to the bean jar,
from the sailor boy to the golden but-
tons.

  They lingered for a time on the velvet
case. And finally they fell to the least
of these things—so far as their vogue in
Tontic went—a box of shirts whose stiff,
white bosoms glittered under the gas-
light. SoAvders moved forward.

  In all his life this prospector-tramp,
wearily going by trail from camp to
camp, delving now here, now there, now
winning, now losing, had never owmed a
white shirt with a stiff, shiny bosom.
Until that moment he had never con-
sidered white shirts desirable. But with
that assay certificate clutched in his left
hand, the white shirts opened a new life
to him.

  lie saw himself sitting in the rotunda
of the Windsor Hotel in Denver, his
shirt bosom shining as it rose from a
waistcoat of scarlet, at. his collar a
string-tie of solemn black.

  The vision was not impossible of real-
ization. The assay certificate told him
that.

  Sowders opened the door and went in.
He was not, at this time, entirely articu-
late, but young Mr. Abram Levi, the
younger member of the firm, had keen
understanding.

  In a trice he surrounded his customer
with a mountain of shirts. They over-
flowed from blue boxes, with their tissue
paper surroundings. Their bosoms
gleamed and shone, and it seemed that
their white arms reached up in suppli-
cation.

  Sowders was bewildered. He had
wanted one white shirt.- Young Mr.
Levi had tempted him with all there
were in stock.

  Sowders wavered. The pity of it, to
take one lone shirt from its fellows
when all seemed eager to become the
property of the discoverer of the Lucky
Dollar! The injustice of it, to leave
these brother shirts to their eventual
fate as part of the apparel on the re-
gardless form of a”faro dealer or the
man in the look-out chair!

  Sowders made a sudden resolution.

  “ I want ’em all,” said he to young
Mr. Levi, “all—each an’ several. You
call a ’spresa wagon.”

  Within ten minutes the store of the
Levi Brothers war. destitute of white
shirts. And within a half-hour Sowders
was sitting on the seat of an express
wagon, rolling happily along toward the
Lucky Dollar Mine.

  The driver turned now and then to
glance back at the boxes, after which he
would crack his whip and whistle. It
was odd, but a fare was a fare and a
job was a job. And all sorts of people
came to Tontic.

  For two days the world was a mist to
Sowders. On the third day he was
awakened to a sense of the gauntness of
life and of the uncertainties of the
future.

  Luck deserted him and without seem-
ing reason. The cup of dreams was
snatched from him. There had been a
hideous mistake at the assay office. The
certificate he held was that of another,
the owner of the Only, not the Lucky
Dollar.

  When he had obtained his own card
it told nothing of stored riches. There
was, to be sure, a trace of lead in the
samples he had left, but--

  The hollowness of the error caused
him to hasten from the assay office be-
fore the chemist had concluded his
apology for the blunder. Xo apology
could reconcile Sowders to the situa-
tion of not being a prospective million-
aire, and, more than this, he had
squandered in premature celebration the
cash stake he had been so long accumu-
lating against his Tontic venture.

  He went back to his tireless, grubless,
and necessarily cheerless cabin, piled
high with white, stiff-bosomed shirts,
and as lie contemplated the symbols of
his extravagance, as the picture of him-
self in the lobby of the Windsor Hotel
the argosy.

faded, he sat on the side of his bunk

and groaned aloud.	-	.

  And it was then, as if the snow long
was moved to pity for the spendthrift,
that the heavens shook great white
flakes from lowering clouds and covered
the earth. The enow fell for days until
Tontie, eighty miles from a railway sta-
tion ten thousand feet above sea-level,
approachable only by winding roads up
the mountainsides, found itselt cut oft
from the great world without.

  A year before, when the camp was in
the first bloom of its youth, a similar
incident had not concerned any one.
Tontic had been snowbound for twenty
days and had survived. It would doubt-
less survive now, even if its supply of
fresh meat was not forthcoming. The
tin can of civilization was here, for the
tin can ever accompanies the advance
to the frontier.

  The Tontic commissary—stocked
against just such an emergency with the
all-seasonable things that come in tins
square and circular, tins oblong and
flat, tins gaily covered or merely
stamped—would serve an army.

  Tontic sank back complacently after
the first week of the snow blockade,
blessing the tin can. But it sat bolt up-
right directly when it appeared that
there was a famine in something to
which the community had never before
given a thought.

  And as this famine, strangely enough,
had to do with the folly of Sowders,
mention must be made at once of a most
important person—the most important
person—in Tontic society, Mrs. Senator
B. Y. L. Judson, wife of the represen-
tative of the Tontic and Eldora dis-
tricts in the upper house of the State
legislature.

  Coincident with the beginning of the
storm, Mrs. Judson had announced a
function at the Tontic Grand Hotel, to
which all that was socially possible in
the town had been bidden.

  It is not too extravagant to say that,
in this function, the camp faced its first
great social event. It had been whis-
pered that Mrs. Judson had contracted
foT the entire second floor of the cara-
vansary; and as for expense, Senator
Judson had himself consigned the ques-
tion to a place remote.

  And it was further reported that

among the items to grace the banquet
were the rare and succulent provisions
of the oyster beds to be transported
directly from the sea-shore, thousands
of miles away. These provisions had,
indeed, providentially arrived with the
last loads of freight that came into
camp before traffic was interrupted and
had since been on ice awaiting the
eventful night.

  Therefore let the storm king rage.
Mrs. Judson was not to be denied.

  And thus, on the eve of the great
function, when the five hundred elect of
Tontic—and they were, at this period,
mostly masculine—quivered with antici-
pation of the morrow, a short, hoarse
cry rang out into the night. It was a
cry for a white shirt witli a stiff bosom.

  The cry went far and was echoed.
Tontic made 110 great exactions in the
matter of dress. In general it worried
along in blue flannel and corduroy.

  But here was more serious matter.
Respect for Mrs. Senator Judson, re-
spect for a “ parlor affair,” demanded
of all male comers at least a white shirt
and a string tie. And it was the dis-
covery that white shirts were not on the
market that caused strong men to utter
the language that conies only with great
emotions.

  In vain the Levi Brothers affected to
explain. In vain they realized too late
that Mr. Abram Levi had made the
financial mistake of his life when he
sold, for two dollars each, shirts that
would now bring almost any amount.

  And vainer still was the pleading of
the Levis after they had gone down the
long street to Sowders’ cabin and there
offered him double and thrice his money.
For Sowders, sitting in the midst of
ruin, cowering under remorse, had at
once grasped the situation, and sent his
callers forth with a stern and firm voice.

  When, therefore, a committee of
earnest citizens, representing nearly all
who had been favored with an invita-
tion to Mrs. Judson’s epoch-making
party, waited upon Sowders, after Levis"
negotiations had failed, they found a
calm. supremely-poised individual,
basking in the sunlight, of self-oonfi-
dence.

  He listened unmoved to entreaties.
A SPECULATION IN SHIRTS.

87

The offers of five dollars a shirt were
scorned. Not until the gentle art of
sareasni came into play did he show a
trace of color.

    Yon won’t lend ’em to us,” com-
plained an exasperated committeeman,
“ and you won't take a reasonable offer
for ’em. So what we’d like to know is
what you reckon you’re goin’ to do
with ’em ? ”

  44 It has occurred to me,” said Sow-
ders suavely, 4‘ that I might wear ’em.
It has happened to occur to my dense in-
tellect that way.”

  44 So you might,” scorned the com-
mitteeman, “ ajthough I present this
argument to these here: that it’s
strange a man wants three hundred
shirts when he ain’t changed the one
he’s got on for what appears to be a
spell of about two months.”

  Sowders looked pained but not sur-
prised. Ignoring the speaker, he glanced
into the crowd that accompanied him,
and in stately self-respect spoke these
words:

  44 It is one of my precepts that any
man has got a right to say right out
anything he may have on his mind in a
general way, so long as he don’t break
though any side walls into the claim of
another man’s feelin’s. Now, my shirt
goes to the sluice every Tuesday after-
noon whether I’ve one or fifty. It don’t
take no assay to see that the gentlemen
assembled here beneath my roof have
a matter of wearin’ apparel they desire
to air.

  44 If this meetin’ has a spokesman
who is familiar with the fundamental
rules of etiquette to be observed when
one respectable citizen is addressin’ an-
other, it’s his turn to get into the bucket
and give the signal to proceed to the
top.”

  Thus Sowders, proud, injured, inno-
cent. The man who had spoken fell
back, and the crowd gathered to itself.

  Tact, it was plain, was needed here.
As was meet, the task fell to the justice
of the peace.

  44 The esteemed fellow-citizen who
has just spoke,” said the justice in a
tone of conciliation, 44 voiced his senti-
ments in a spirit of what we may call
shirt-less exasperation, and his condi-
tion of mind is to be taken into account.

  “ I need not remind the Hon. Mr.
Sowders here that the situation which
confronts many of the people of this
camp is in many respects peculiar. We
take a survey. We find that we are, each
and generally, committed to a social
duty it would be ungallant for any gen-
tleman to shirk.

  44 We find that there are ah—certain
necessities of the sartorial art insepa-
rable with carrying out this duty—acces-
sories, I may say, that are indispensable
in the presence of ladies. And it fur-
ther appears that the principal acces-
sory is, to wit, a white boiled shirt. So
far as I am concerned, gentlemen-”

  Here the justice turned to the listen-
ing committee, while his bosom swelled.

  44 So far as I am concerned, rather
than appear at Mrs. Senator Judsons
function without the proper embellish-
ment of a white boiled shirt, rather
than insult that ladv by appearing with-
out it, rather than flount in her face a
blue flannel turn-me-down or a calico
made-easy, I would go forth into the
night of social oblivion.

  44 We know what is demanded of usy
gentlemen. We cannot plead ignorance
of social custom. We either go in the
manner somewhere described as aw fay,
or we don’t go at all, and if we don't
go at all we deliberately cut the feelings
of a lady.”

  There could be no dissent to this pre-
sentation of facts and conditions. The
committee solemnly declared its truth.

  44 Bein’ so,” continued the justice,
44 we confront the Hon. Mr. Sowders and
the question of his shirts. We cannot
deny three tilings, gentlemen. They are,
that. Mr. Sowders has the shirts, that it
is desirable that we obtain them, and
that it rests with Mr. Sowders to point
the way to the—ah, gratification of our
desires.

  44 And we must not act in haste nor
with temper. It is not to be denied
that Mr. Sowders is honorably possessed
of these shirts, the same as if they were
wheat or corn or any of the commo-
dities of the market that are likely to be
in demand. They are his, paid for with
his cash, and for him to have and to
hold until he sees fit to part with ’em—
which brings us to the point of our mis-
sion.
88

the argosy.

Mr.

  u We are given to understand,
Sowders, that you refused the Messrs.
Levi their offer of six dollars each tor

these shirts. ’ -	, ., ,

  Sowders. still standing beside the
table, waved one hand to the justice m
appreciative cordiality. At the same
time his face did not relax its severity.

  *	The understand™5 you have, lie
said, “ is unanimously correct.”

  •* Then mav I a^k, resumed the jus-
tice, “ if you* have fixed any particular
price on the precious articles that are
now in your possession ? ”

  The committee made a movement
that- suggested the keenest interest.

  “ Keplvin’ to your perfectly respect-
ful question,” said Sowders, “ I will say
that I have fixed a price. And further
replviu’, I will say that 1 do not propose
to dispose of these shirts in no common
way. I've been revolvin’ the situation in
my mind, Mr. Justice and gentlemen of
the committee.

   I am not mercenary—in fact, my
nature is calculated to respond to them
that’s in distress or that has struck bot-
tom with nothin’ to show for it. If you
were poor, gentlemen, and came to me
empty of pocket, distressed, demandin’
of my white shirts, I would give freely.
But as I take it, this is no ten-cent
community lookin’ for alms.”

  A murmur of assent told Sowders
that he was not in a ten-cent com-
munity. In t'act, the faces of several of
the citizens of Tontic reflected resent-
ment.

  “We are quite able,” heTe ventured
the justice of the peace, “ to pay any
price you may ask.”

   I will ask you to remember them
words," said Sowders, “ when I have
related to you the fable of the King of

Egypt-”’

  The crowd stared curiously. Sowders
placed one hand on the table for sup-
port, and gazed serenely toward his vis-
itors.

  " I am actin' under historical pre-
cedent.” he said. “ As my fellow-
citizen, the justice, may recall from his
studies of the land of the Pharaohs—
and I am not speaking of a lay-out,
gentlemen—there was once a king who
ruled over a good acreage of land, but
who had trouble find in’ producers.

  “ His treasury was empty at about
the time the gods called on him to build
a temple, and as he owed the Affiliated
Orders of Egypt Pyramid Masons and
Brick Layers pretty heavy for some old
jobs, things begun to look black.

  “Just here the court philosopher,
who usually had a vein he could tap,
even if it was only in his head, hove on
the scene as radiant as the dews of the
morn. 4 What you want, 0 mighty king,’
said this here philosopher, ‘ is a special
assessment tax.’

  “‘It won’t work,’ says the king.

‘ I’ve got only about, five hundred thou-
sand people, and if I make the ordinary
average equality tax there won’t be
enough to build a side wall, let alone a
whole temple.

  “ ‘ We’ve been taxin’ the poor until
they’ve got nothin’ left to take; and as
for the rich, they’ve got their assessment
cases up before the supreme court now
on the basis that the last levy was too
high.

  “ ‘ I’ve got about two thousand mil-
lionaires, it is true, but I don’t seem to
be able to get at ’em.’ Goin’ to show,
gentlemen, that times hasn’t changed so
all-fired much.

  “ And now comes the court philoso-
pher with his scheme. ‘ What you want,

0	king,’ says he £ is to excite these
millionaires into a game of chance. You
just announce a Royal Nile lottery, of
which half the proceeds go to buildin’
this temple an’ the other half to the
man who draws the lucky number, and
you issue just two thousand tickets for
this same game of chance.

  “‘You don’t want any ordinary lot-
tery. The stakes must be high. It oc-
curs to me, 0 king, that the loyal sub-
ject who draws number one should pay
therefore one piece of gold. The second
pays two pieces, the third three, and so
on to the end, when you’ve got your
capital prize—to be cut in half—
amountin’ to the sum total of two thou-
sand pieces of gold added down to one.'

  “ The moral of these remarks, gentle-
man, was that the king was struck
mightily, the Royal Nile lottery went
into operation, and the result was one
of the monuments to architecture the
ruins of which we see in Egypt, to-day
if we happen to travel those trails.

i
A SPECULATION IN SHIRTS.

89

  w And now, my fellow citizens, I’ve
no wish to prolong or to adorn this
parable. History is a great thing. It
has come to my rescue in this crisis. My
proposition is this:

  “ In a proper receptacle will be placed
three hundred pieces of paper numbered
consecutively. The fortunate individual
drawin' number one gets his shirt for
the inconsiderable sum of one dollar,
one half what I paid for the same. The
second pays two dollars, the third three,
as was the way in Egypt, and each figure
thereafter represents a similar advance.
In this way we may dispose of the prob-
lem that confronts us. Any other way,
1 regret to state, an’ I keep the shirts.”
The auditors of Sowders did not at
once break their silence when he had
concluded. They were confused, partly
by this plunge into history—or fable—
and partly by the mathematics pre-
sented.

  Understanding first dawned on the
individual who had offended Sowders by
his reference to laundry shortcomings.

  “This means,” he said slowly, ad-
dressing the happy owner of the shirt
mine, “ that one of us pays three hun-
dred dollars for the privilege of ap-
pearin’ at Mrs. Senator Judson’s soiree
in one of these genteel furnish in’s—am
I right ? ”

  “ The idea,” assented Sowders,
“ seems to have percolated.”

  “ An’ somebody else pays two hun-
dred and ninety-nine-”

  “ An’ then the scale drops,” assented
the shirt man.

  He who had grasped the situation
turned on the others.

  “ Don’t you see,” he exclaimed, “ the
way he figures it out is better ’n if he’d
busted up Faro Charlie? Don’t you see
that he’s smeltin’ free-millin’ ore ? HeTl
get a pile out oi these shirts. It’s
geometry—I can’t figure it out, but it’s
geometry—an’ it’s like the frog what
jumps two feet up the well an’ falls back
three.”

  His companions stared. Some at-
tempted to count on their fingers.
Others made hopeless mental calcula-
tions. Sowders broke in on their be-
wilderment by another statement of
facts. »

  “ It ain’t geometry,” he said calmly,

“ it’s plain addition an’ some division.
It means just fortv-one thousand five
hundred dollars to me or it means
nothin’. 1 may remark, in this connec-
tion, that 1 ain't sojournin’ here for the
benefits afforded by the climate or to
rebuild a racked and wasted constitu-
tion. But”—sadly—“I had calculated
there was some sportin' instincts in this
population.”

  The justice spoke again.

  “ Of course we can all send our re-
grets to Mrs. Judson-”

  He got no further. There was a
babel of protest. It welled up vigor-
ously from a large person who longed
for oysters, and it was shrilled by a
thin citizen who reminded every one
within ear-shot, that whatever he was he
was not cheap.

  The objections were so general and
pointed that the justice recalled his re-
mark. He had made the suggestion
purely at random, he said, in a thought-
less moment, and in the interest of
economy. But he would be the last, he
averred, to criticize the unique propo-
sition made by Mr. Sowders, which was
perfectly legal as well as worth atten-
tion from its historical inception.

  And the truth was that the element
of speculation appealed directly to the
majority of Sowders’ hearers. Theirs
was a life of chance. Chance sent them
into the rock-fast hills by day; chance
brought them together in the halls of
Tontic by night.

  Chance was a game, now lost, now
won. The pursuit of chance made the
blood tingle.

  Chance was life, and he who brought
chance in a new form was to be consid-
ered. lie offered something to the sport
of luck.

  Sowders smiled faintly as the men
before him were swept by the wave of
chance, that drowned the minor voices
of protest. He knew his market and
those who would come to purchase.

*	* * *

  At the Crystal Palace, an hour later,
a pyramid of shirt boxes rose pictur-
esquely from the center of the room,
guarded bv Sowders. On a near-by
table Faro Charlie sorted little bits of
paper and placed them in a jar. And
when he had concluded his task a line
90

the argosy.

of three hundred men formed in a circle
about the room and began a procession
past this given point of interest.

  As each man reached the jar his hand
shot into the opening, and his lingers
closed on a piece of paper. A ridicu-
louslv simple transaction, yet offering
moments of suspense that were hig 1 y
dramatic.

  For as the number was high or low,
the possessor was correspondingly de-
pressed or elated, and his luck deplored
or approved by his interested friends.

He was followed from the jar to the

pyramid, where, in exchange for the
cash equivalent of the number lie had
drawn, Sowders gave him a box con-
taining one white, stiff-bosomed shirt.

  There never was such a night. It
reached its height when the disclosure
was made that to the justice of the
peace fell the pleasure of paying for the
tliree-hundred-dollar shirt, which re-
mains to this day the highest price ever
paid for an article of this sort within
the borders of Colorado.

MAROONED IN 1492

BY WILLIAM WALLACE COOK,

Author of “A Round Trip to the Year 2000,” “Adrift in the Unknownetc.

A plan to serve the Past with the advantages of the Present, and the harrowing experi-
ences that fell out to the participants.

CHAPTER I.

TTlrlE & CO., LIMITED.

TRENWYCK'S forte was the ex-
traordinary, and it seemed natural
for the unusual things of life to come
his way. So it can scarcely be called
an accident that brought that peculiar

-	ad ” to his attention. The paragraph
lurked obscurely in the Want Column
of his morning paper, blowing across his
path with all the outre freshness of a
discovery that might lead to startling
results.

  Wanted—A party of courageous men,
experts in the various trades, to accom-
pany a philanthropic gentleman on a
mission of enlightenment to the Middle
Ages. Single men only. References ex-
changed. An opportunity offers to con-
struct anew the history of several be-
nighted nations. If interested, call or
write.	PercrvAt, Tapscott,

No. 198 Forty-Third Street.

  Trenwyck read it aloud to Blinkers.
Blinkers, it may be explained in passing,
was a Texas product whom, through
earnest solicitation, Trenwyck had
undertaken to exploit through the
many abnormal phases of his own
career.

  Blinkers was always at high pressure.

To suit his taste, life had to be piquant
with the unexpected. Thrills were his
stock in trade, and'lie was never so much
at home as when tending shop.

  “ If I could understand that,” said
Blinkers, referring to the “ ad,” “ I
don't know but it would make a hit with
me. What does it mean, Tren?”

  “ I give it up,” Trenwyck admitted.

  “ Suppose we take a whirl over on
Forty-Third Street and look into the
thing ? ”

  Trenwyck agreed, and in twenty
minutes a cab set them down in front
of Tapscott’s lodgings. A maid opened
the door and ushered them up one flight
to the philanthropic gentleman’s apart-
ments.

  She was not a nice-looking maid. Her
hair was fuzzy with curl papers and her
apron should have been at the laun-
dry.

  When she left the two callers she
shrugged her shoulders, put her tongue
in her cheek and squinted her eyes.

  “ What do you mean by that, young
lady?” Blinkers asked, looking over
the banister as she slouched downward.

  “ You're a couple o’ nice ones to be
callin’ on the likes of him—I don't
think,” she answered with refreshing
candor.	*
MAROONED IN 1492.

91

  "What’s the matter with him?”

  She drummed her knuckles against
her forehead.

  “ Dippy,” she gurgled, and went on
down.

  “ This grows interestin',” murmured
Blinkers, turning away from the ban-
isters as Trenwyck knocked on Tap-
scott's door.

  The door was opened by the philan-
thropic gentleman himself. Re was
well advanced in years, wore an old
dressing-gown and a pair of earpet-
slippers, and was holding a test-tube in
his hand.

  On a table off to one side streamed
the bluish flame of an alcohol lamp.
Over the table was a shelf containing
a glass retort, two or three parting-
flasks and many bottles.

  A dank, unhealthy odor, caused by a
combination of plant-life and a super-
heated atmosphere, manifested itself in
the room. There were three windows,
and each was filled with potted plants—
strange plants such as Trenwyck had
never seen before.

  “Reporters?” asked Tapscott, look-
ing his visitors over.

  “ No,” Trenwyck answered.

  “ Certainly not police officers—in
disguise? ” he went on, holding the tube
between his eye and the light and
searching its contents.

  “ Certainly not! ”

  Tapscott heaved a long breath, evi-
dently of relief. Placing the test-tube
in a rack on the table, he capped the
spirit lamp, waved his callers to chairs,
and took a seat opposite.

   “ Would you believe it,” said he, “ you
are the first ones to call on me in a spirit
of legitimate inquiry? Are you pre-
pared to take hold of my project?”

  “You mean to finance it?” Tren-
wyck returned.

  tie tossed his hands in petulant dep-
recation.

  “ No money is needed. What I want
is brains—nineteenth-century brains, to
grapple with the barbarism of the Dark
A-s”

  Blinkers rolled a cigarette and set-
tled down to a quiet enjoyment of the
interview. Trenwyck, having secured
the keynote of Tapscott’s mania, played
it to draw him out.

  “ Wouldn’t that be a trille difficult? ”
he suggested. “ Providing a man could
get back to the era you suggest, its his-
tory is already made and could not be
warped one way or the other.”

  Color rushed into Tapscotfs sallow
cheeks, his eyes lit up, and his whole
form grew animated.

  “ Time,” he pursued dogmatically,
“ even when following his ordinary for-
ward course and registering his prosy
stages on a clock dial, is the producer
of many riddles that vex the under-
standing; yet when, as I can make
manifest, he reverses his course and
covers centuries at a backward bound,
our respectable Gregorian calendar
staggers with the weight of its mys-
teries.”

  Blinkers was over his head. So was
Trenwyck, for that matter, although he
was thoroughly determined to persist
until he had come closer to Tapscott s
hobby.

  “ We are dealing in general terms,”
Trenwyck observed. “ Suppose we
come at onc-e to the crux of the matter,
Mr. Tapscott. Just what- sort of a
proposition have you to make?”

  “ We cannot get away from these
general terms until we are done with the
very bone and marrow of the proposi-
tion,” he answered. “ Time, gentlemen,
is inerely a personal matter. It is as
much a man's property as the clothes
on his back or the dollar in his pocket.
Time is the inheritance of life, which in
itself is but a manifestation of time;
time begins at birth, ceases at death,
and for him that was time is and can be
110 more.

  “ Sir, I am on intimate terms with
Time. The old gentleman has grown
fond of me, and from a simple desire to
please he will take me by the hand, turn
squarely about and retreat, along his
ancient path.

  “ 1 might state that we have formed
a partnership, known as Time & Com-
pany, Limited. In this scheme for the
regeneration of the Middle Ages we
work together with an eye single to the
main purpose.

  “ What 1 desire,” cried Tapscott,
warming to his theme, “ is to plant a
colony of skilled artisans somewhere in
the feudal period—in short, giving our
THE ARGOSY.

benighted brothers the glorious civiliza-
tion of our own progressive times. I
would present them with the telegraph,
the telephone, the electric light, the
printing press. the steamboat, anil the
thousand and one other nineteenth-
century wonders.

  The essence of the plan was begin-
ning to dawn upon Trenwyck. Truly
it was a colossal idea, and most at-
tractive.

  "It is your intention, then, saul
Trenwvck. " to assemble a number of
master workmen, representatives of
various trades, and take them and their
paraphernalia backward through the
ages ? ”

  *• Xot their paraphernalia, Mr. Tren-
wyck. It is possible to take with us
only such material as we can carry in
our hands. Once we arrive on the scene
of our labors, we will fall to on the raw
product and build out of that the
various vehicles of latter-day progress.
Do you follow me ? ”

  Blinkers sat as though stunned. The
cigarette had burned itself out between
his fingers, and his wide eyes were
fastened blankly on the face of Tap-
seott.

  Trenwyck was only a degree less im-
pressed. During the silence that fol-
lowed Tapsc-ott’s query as to whether
they grasped the amazing terms of his
proposition, a rough hand was laid on
the hall door and threw it open. Two
police officers entered.

  Tapscott was on his feet in a flash.

  “ What is the meaning of this intru-
sion?” he demanded.

  “Your name is Tapscott?” inquired
one of the officers.

  “ Yes.”

  “ Then you'll have to go with us.
Don't get excited now,” the officer
added in his most soothing tones;
“ we're not going to do anything to
hurt you.”

    1 have done nothing to warrant my
arrest," faltered Tapscott, looking help-
lessly toward Trenwyck and Blinkers.
“I am a law-abiding citizen, officer.”

  “ Of course you are,” acquiesced the
officer cheerfully.

  “Then what is this all about?”

  “ Well, a complaint has been entered
against you.”

  “ What kind of a complaint? ”

  “ You’ll have to appear in court, Mr.
Tapscott, and convince the judges that
you are mentally competent and that
vou will not endanger the peace of the
community if left at large.’

  A look of horror overspread Tap-
scott’s face. Suddenly a choking cry
escaped him and he whirled and dashed
for a rear room.

  One of the policemen caught the
living skirts of his dressing-gown and
brought him to so abrupt a halt that lie
fell to his knees.

  “ We’d better pull out, Tren,” said
Blinkers, starting up.

  Trenwyck likewise arose. Before
they gained the hall Tapscott called to
them.

  “Wait, gentlemen! Just a few mo-
ments, I beg of you! ”

  “Humor him,” one of the officers
whispered in Trenwyck’s ear. “ The
old chap means well enough, but he’s
dotty—there’s no kind of doubt about
that''’

  “Is Byngs back of this?” inquired
Tapscott of his captors; “ T. Orcival
Byngs ?”

  “ Professor Byngs made the com-
plaint,” was the answer.

 “Ah!” A glint came into Tap-
seott’s eyes as he got up from his knees.
“ I thought as much.”

  Trenwyck and Blinkers returned to
their chairs. Trenwyck had an ill-
defined feeling that something remark-
able was going to happen, and awaited
developments with profound curiosity.

CHAPTER II.

  TAPSCOTT TAKES FRENCH LEAVE.

  “ Gentlemen,” observed Tapscott,
“ this is a plot against me, engineered by
my rival, Byngs, emeritus professor of
Polynesian Flora in the University of
Hoboken. lie resents my success in
acquiring a unique plant from Borneo,
and his small mind suggests retaliation
in this despicable manner.”

  He turned to his captors.

    I will make you no trouble, but, if
you will allow me, I should like to write
a letter.”

  “ Go ahead, Mr. Tapscott,” was the
MAROONED IN 1492.

answer. “ We don't want to be hard on
you.”

   Watched vigilantly by tlie bluecoats,
Tapscott pulled a chair to the table and
brushed aside the scientific clap-trap to
make place for his epistolary labors.

   From the shelf above be took a bottle
of ink and a pen, and from the table
drawer a pad of paper.

  His slightest movement claimed the
closest attention of four pairs of eyes.
The officers were on the alert to fore-
stall a deed of violence, while Blinkers
and Trenwyck were under thrall of a
suspense that grew sharper by swift
degrees.

  Tapscott, now calm and unruffled,
pulled a sheet from the pad, folded it
carefully and divided it in half. Then
he reached for the test tube and emptied
its contents — a heap of brownish
grains—upon one of the scraps of
paper.

  With muttered exclamations, the of-
ficers darted forward. Tapscott smiled
at them.

   u Do not be unduly exercised, gentle-
men,” said he. “ This is merely the
fruit of one of my crazy experiments,
and hence not of sufficient importance
to cause alarm.”

  The officers drew back abashed and
Tapscott proceeded with his work.
With the pen point he counted out a
number of the grains and slipped them
to the other scrap of paper, after which
he folded both papers into neat little
packets.

  “ Now for the letter,” said he, and
set himself to writing.

  A few minutes completed the task.
Addressing an envelope, he placed the
folded letter inside, together with one or
both of the packets.

  Trenwyck was under the impression
at the time that both packets went into
the envelope and was sure the officers
were of like opinion. Tapscott manipu-
lated the matter so deftly that what
happened was all the more surprising.

   “ There,” said he, handing the sealed
envelope to Trenwyck. “ Will you have
the kindness to deliver that for me, Mr.
T renwyck ? ”

  The letter bore the memorandum
“ For you, to be opened some time after
you leave here.”

93

  Trenwyck gave him a nod and put the
letter in his pocket.

  “ Thank you.”

  Tapscott removed another packet,
wrapped in green paper, from the table
drawer, and got up.

  “ Of course,” be said to the officers,
“ I cannot go out on the street in a
dressing-gown and slippers. Will you
allow me to go into my bedroom and
make ready to accompany you ? ”

  “ You go with him, Pringle,” said one
of the policemen to his companion.

  Trenwyck thought a shade of annoy-
ance crossed Tapscott’s face, but it was
only momentary. His vision cleared,
and he started for the door of the rear
room,, followed by Pringle.

  Hand on the knob, he paused and
looked back at Trenwyck. It was a
long look and a strange one, pregnant
with deep meaning.

  Trenwyck was mystified. Only in the
light of later events did the significance
of that last look become clear.

  “Here’s a layout!” muttered
Blinkers, drawing a long breath.
“ Talk about your mysteries, Tren—
this is the clear quill, and no mistake.”
“ Not much of a mystery here,” struck
in the officer. “ The old gent is off his
trolley, and lias been for a year or more.
Did you see that ad ’ he put in the
paper this morning?'”

  t£ That’s what brought us here,” said
Trenwyck. “ Curiosity, you know,” he
hastened to add.

  “ Byngs is the best friend Tapscott
ever had, if he did but know' it,” con-
tinued the officer, “ but Tapscott thinks
Byngs is jealous of him. When one of
these scientific codgers gets an idea like

that in his head lie’s-”

   A wild }rell burst from the other room.
Trenwyck, Blinkers and the officer
sprang up in consternation and rushed
at the door, the officer leading.

  Pringle, liis face ashen and distorted
with fear and wonder, was leaning
against the wall. Tightly clutched in
bis hands was Tapscott’s dressing-gown.
Tapscott himself was not in evidence.

  “ Where is he? ” cried the officer who
had led the rush into the bedroom.
“ Wake up, man! ” he added, grabbing
Pringle by the shoulders and shaking
him roughly. “Where’s Tapscott?"
THE ARGOSY.

  Pringle lifted a hand to his head.
With the other hand he raised the old
dressing-gown and shook it feebly, ap-
parently with some notion that Tapscott
might drop out of it.

  “Good Heavens!*' gasped Pringle,
then cast the dressing-gown from him
and sank limply on the bed, his eyes
roving about the narrow chamber.

  The other bluecoat had impatiently
rummasred through a closet, looked be-
hind a dresser, peered under the bed,
and was now examining the fastenings
of the window.

  “ Speak, can't you ? ” he demanded,
turning to Pringle.

  “Did—did he get out through the
other room ? ” inquired Pringle, in halt-
ing tones.

  “ Of course he didn’t.”

  li Then vou search me, Hickman. It
beats the devil! Just after 1 closed the
door Tapscott went to the washbowl and
drew a glass of water. Quick as a wink
he emptied something into the glass and
took it down at a gulp just as I jumped
at him.”

   Then what happened ? ” queried
Hickman.

   That's too many for me,” replied
Pringle, shaking his head. “ All I know
is that 1 stood there, holding the dress-
ing-gown. Tapscott was gone.”

  ■■ He dodged out somehow,” declared
Hickman; it ain't possible for a man
to make a get-away like that without
having things fixed. You look around
here while I go and search the rest of
the house.'"

  During the excitement that followed,
Trenwyck and Blinkers slipped away.
In the hall outside they encountered the
skulking figure of a man standing close
to the door.

  He might have been a lodger, at-
tracted by the disturbance in Tapscott's
rooms. Be that as it may, he was a low-
browed, questions ble-loo king fellow,
and Trenwyck and Blinkers eyed him
suspiciously as they passed.

  The cab that had brought them stood
in front, on waiting orders, and during
the ride back to their hotel the two
friends smoked and wrestled with the
bituation.

  At last Trenwyck’s thoughts drifted
to the letter. On opening it, he found

that only one of the packets was en-
closed—the larger of the two.

  “ What does the letter have to say? ”
asked Blinkers, and forthwith Trenwyck

read it to him:

Dear Sib :

  As you have seen, circumstances over
which I have no control make necessary
my abrupt departure for the Past. I
have long known this storm was brewing-,
but hoped I could make port in the
Middle Apes with my colony of artisans
before it burst upon me. Now I alone
must be the evangel of civilization and
progress to those Benighted Peoples.

  Although 1 enclose you the means, I do
not ask you to follow me. It is a step no
man would dare consider unless impelled
by convictions as strong as my own.

  The packet given you herewith con-
tains a supply of seeds of the wonderful
plant developed .by me after years of
painstaking culture. This hybrid I have
dubbed the lempus fugitarius; it is a
cross between the Indian poppy and a
rare plant of unknown species found in
Borneo.

  To become effective as a means for
bridging the Present and the Past, the
seeds must be treated chemically—which,
while rounding out their tremendous
powers, at the same time renders them
instantly soluble in water. I' had just
finished treating the seeds enclosed when
you called on me this morning. Besides
these and those I have with me., there
are no more in existence, and the mother-
'plant has been destroyed.

  Every one of these time seeds will set a
man back half a century. I shall make
my journey by easy stages, covering fifty
years at first and proceeding to the scene
of my labors in Darkest Europe; then
on and on as fancy takes me. My one
regret is that untoward events make
necessary an ill-timed departure.

  Should you have recourse to the seeds
in your quest after ancient times, fail
not to take them on the very spot where
you would cast your fortunes. And re-
member, you can take nothing with you
apart from what can be carried in the
hands or stored about the person.

  Across the years I give you greeting.
Half a century separates us, and yet the
ink is scarcely dry on this letter which I
have written.

Percival Tapscott.

  “What do you think, Blinkers?”
Trenwyck asked, replacing the letter
and the packet of seeds in his pocket.
MAROONED IN 1492.

95

  “ Cleopatra and the Nile,” said
Blinkers musingly. “ Hank Billings, of
►San Antone, lent me a book once that
told a lot of yarns about Cleopatra. Do
you think there are enough seeds to take
us that far? ”

  “ It would be a waste of good ma-
terial even if there were,” answered
Trenwyck sharply. “ We'll try Tap-
scott's prescription, however.”

  “Dark Ages?” Blinkers asked lugu-
briously.

  “ Not so far. Spain—Bonaparte—
Peninsular Campaign. I’ll write a
sequel to the £ Mistakes/ from the view-
point of an eye-witness.”

  Blinkers brightened perceptibly, but
Trenwyck could see that his fancy was
still hovering around the Pyramids.

  “You’re the doctor, Tren,” said
Blinkers, clasping his friend’s hand.
“Just pick out your century and we’ll
emigrate. No one ever did anything
like this before, do you think?”

  “No one but Tapscott.”

  “ It’s a comforting thought,” Blinkers
observed as they descended from the
cab in front of their hotel.

  Had Trenwyck considered wisely, he
would have left Blinkers behind when
taking that headlong plunge into the
past. Blinkers had a weird propensity
for giving rein to his own sweet will,
utterly reckless of consequences—a
characteristic as dangerous for his
friends as deplorable for himself.

  With Trenwyck, however, Blinkers
was a habit, acquired to an extent which
rendered the expedition impossible
without him.

  So they were to “ emigrate ” in com-
pany.

CHAPTER III.

A FRUSTRATED ROBBERY.

  Jason Trenwyck. came of a good old
family noted for its self-sufficiency. In
fact, that honest, one-legged despot who
was the last Dutch governor of New
York was numbered among his for-
bears.

  This scion of the Trenwycks was born
into poverty and its attendant priva-
tions. Early in youth he availed him-
self of Horace Greeley’s advice and
trekked for the setting sun.

   Years later, when he returned to his
 native city, he brought with him a vast
 fund of experience, much wealth, that
 hatred of the commonplace which
 formed his most distinguishing trait—
 and Blinkers.

  Trenwyck had taken his turn at
 ranching, mining, politics, and a dozen
 other pursuits the West had to offer. As
 his mind expanded he developed a taste
 for literature, which, coming arm in arm
 with a saving sense of humor, fell just
 short of a dangerous stage.

   It may be remembered that he found
 a “ cypher ” in the so-called Shake-
 speare plays which laid their authorship
 as unquestionably at the door of the
 lamented Bill Nye as others have laid it
 at the -door of Francis Bacon.

   He also wrote a volume on “ The Mis-
 takes of Napoleon, with Especial Refer-
 ence to the Peninsular Campaign.”
 The MS. of this work was returned by
 one publisher with a personal letter to
 the effect that “ they were sorry to re-
 turn his paper, but he had written on
 it.” Trenwyck immediately published
 the book himself.

   Late in the evening of the day that
 witnessed their adventure in Forty-
 Third Street, Trenwyck and Blinkers
 were in the sitting-room of their suite,
 discussing ways and means. Trenwyck
 was lounging in an easy-chair by a table,
 a cigar between his lips, a mug of his
 favorite shandygaff at his elbow, and the
 seeds of the tempus fugitarius heaped
 up on a piece of paper on the table-top.

   There were ninety-three of the seeds,
 as they had found by actual count, each
 about the size of a grain of millet. The
 entire supply could easily have been
 placed on the blade of a pocket-knife.

   “Just how many years, Tren,” said
 , Blinkers, blowing thoughtful whiffs
 from his cigarette, “ are locked up in
 that thimbleful of seeds?”

  “ Four thousand six hundred and
 fifty,” answered Trenwyck.

  “Great Christopher! What a heap
 of traveling we could do if we used all
 those seeds for transportation—provid-
 ing, of course, Tapscott hasn't rung in a
 bluff on us.”

   “ You haven’t any doubts about Tap-
 scott, have you? It seems to me he has
 proved his case.”
96

THE ARGOSY.

  « The idea sort of staggers me," re-
turned Blinkers. “ I'd like a little more

proof.*’	.

  “ We'll test the seeds ourselves, anti
that will be the very best kind of proof.”
** Then we're off for Spain ?

  “ By first boat. I have already en-
gaged passage to Liverpool.

  A summons fell on the door at that
moment. Blinkers answered it, and a
thin little man in rusty black, topped
with a high hat that might have been
the vogue in the ’(50s, stepped across the
threshold.

  •£ Pardon me for coming right up,
gentlemen,” said the caller, removing
his hat. “ My business is very impor-
tant, so yon will excusc the lateness of
the hour.”

  His hair was white and he wore large
glasses, through which he looked penc-
tratingly from Trenwyck to Blinkers
and back again to Trenwyck.

  “ My name is Byngs,” he proceeded,
“ and ’l hold the chair of Polynesian
Flora,University of Hoboken. I under-
stand that you ”—he was now addressing
Trenwyck—” were handed a letter this
morning by Mr. Tapscott. May I in-
quire, sir, if that letter was for me? ”
Trenwyck’s face hardened. Here was
the rival scientist whose attempt to halo
Tapscott before the insanity court had
sent that gentleman into the past before
he was ready to go.

  “ The letter was not for you, Profes-
sor Byngs,” said Trenwyck coldly.

  •• No?” The little man evinced con-
siderable disappointment. “ Was it for
the institution with which I have the
honor to be affiliated?”

  “ It was for myself,” replied Tren-
wyck.

  The professor’s eyes fell on the table
and a cry escaped from his lips.

  “ There they are—the seeds of the
hybrid! ”

  He flung himself forward, but
Blinkers grabbed him about the
middle and deposited him in a chair.

  '■ Take it easy, professor,”, said
Blinkers. “ Those are the seeds, all
ri; ;t, but we can t allow you to tamper
with them.”

  Byngs writhed in the chair until he
was able to fish a red handkerchief from
the tail of his coat.

  “You gentlemen do not understand
this matter,” said he, mopping his
brow.

  “ .1 believe we understand it quite
thoroughly,” answered Trenwyck, fold-
ing up the seeds and depositing them in
a drawer of the table. “ Your designs
upon Mr. Tapscott’s liberty have led to
deplorable results, Professor Bvngs.”

  “ I still insist that you are not ac-
quainted with the ulterior aspects of the
proposition,” persisted Byngs. “ The
department of which I am the honorary
head was left a bequest of several thou-
sand dollars for research among the
flora of Borneo and Taliati.

  “ A yacht was chartered and I went
10 Polynesia, where I secured a single
specimen of a unique plant quite un-
known to the botany of the Pacific
islands or any other part of the world.
That plant, gentlemen, had an affinity
for the passing hours, telling each one
of the twenty-four accurately through
color changes in the petals of the blos-
som.

  “ Had I been allowed to make further
study of this rare specimen—which I
called the tempus byngiensis—I am sure
that the name of Byngs would have
leaped into fame among scientists every-
where. But this renown was basely
filched away from me.”

  “Stolen!” exclaimed Trenwyck.

  “ Aye, stolen! Tapscott heard of
the plant and bribed the skipper of the
yacht to smuggle it ashore and give it
into his hands. The theft was safely
consummated and the fruits of my labor
were lost to me.

  “ Tapscott, as is very well known, is
not mentally responsible. I am told he
has destroyed the specimen of the
tempus byngiensis, but that some seeds
still remain. Likewise I was told that
he had written a letter and enclosed
therein a packet of the seeds, entrusting
same to your care.”

  “ I had hoped that repentance had
urged him to rectify the great wrong he
had done me and that the letter and the
packet were for myself. Inasmuch as
this is not the case. I consider that 1 am
well within my rights when 1 demand
that you turn the seeds over to me.”

  “ That is your storv, Professor
Byngs,” said Trenwyck,“but you cannot
MAROONED IN 1492.

suppose that I would give up the seeds
until I had heard Tapscott’s side of it—
which is now impossible/*

   “ Where is Tapscott ? ”

   “ 1 cannot tell you, for to do so would
betray his confidence.”

  The professor’s eyes gleamed angrily
as he got out of the chair.

  “ Will you give me part of the packet,
then ? ” asked he.

  “ No.”

  Byngs walked to the door, his slight
form shaking with the wrath that con-
vulsed him.

  “ We shall see, we shall see,” he mut-
tered. “ 'Shere are ways to compel an
adjustment of the wrong 1 have suffered
and 1 shall lose no time in setting about
it.”

  With that the little man flung out of
the room and slammed the door.

  “Whew!” exclaimed Blinkers as
he shoved the bolt behind him.
“ These scientists are warm fellows
when they think they have a grievance.”

  “ Byngs made Tapscott a lot of
trouble,” said Trenwyck, “ and possibly
he will annoy us with his schemes unless
we take time by the forelock and get out
of the country. Fortunately, we sail in
the morning.”

  Trenwyck got up, laid aside the re-
mains of his cigar, finished the last of
his shandygaff, and went off to bed.
Blinkers soon followed him.

  Two bedrooms opened off the larger
room, one at each end. In his own
chamber Blinkers wrestled with his
thoughts for a long time at the expense
of his rest.

  When he finally lost himself it was in
an uneasy slumber from which he was
abruptly awakened. Some one, it
seemed to him, was moving stealthily
about the sitting-room.

  Getting softly out of bed, he stole
to the chamber door and peered
through.

  A gas-jet was burning dimly above the
table; in its light he saw that the tablc-
drawer was open, that the paper con-
taining the seeds had been removed
and unfolded, and that a questionable-
looking man stood close by and was
gazing down at them.

  The intruder wore a cap and a mask.
A dark lantern with the shutter closed

      7	A

97

stood on the table near a decanter of
wine, and a revolver lay near the seeds.

  Trenwyck’s suite of .rooms was in the
third story at the back of the hotel.
A fire-escape ran past the window of
the larger room, and Blinkers observed
that this window was open.

  A robbery was being consummated!
As Blinkers watched, the thief pushed
back his cap and shifted the mask to
brush one sleeve across his forehead.

  lie was the very man who had been
in the hall outside Tapscoit’s lodgings
when Blinkers and Trenwyck had taken
their departure for the Forty-Third
Street house!

  After replacing his cap and mask, the
robber poured himself a drink out of
the decanter and tossed it off at a swal-
low; then he took a hasty look around,
picked up his lantern and revolver and
started softly into Trenwyck's chamber.

  Blinkers had plenty of courage, and
part of the equipment he had brought
from Texas included a brace of six-
shooters. With cat-like softness he
moved to his trunk, look out one of the
revolvers, and then stole from the cham-
ber.

  The robber was still moving around
in Trenwyck’s room. At the table, an
idea came to Blinkers—rather a vague
expedient, but he thought it well worth
the trying.

  Lifting one of the millet-like grains
on the point of a steel paper-knife, he
dropped it into the glass by the de-
canter. His next move was to hide
behind the curtains at the open window.

  lie had not long to wait. The robber
presently emerged from Trenwyck's
room and returned to the table. There
he put down the lantern again, thrust
his revolver into his hip-pocket and be-
gan folding up the packet of seeds. What
Blinkers had hoped for came to pass.

  The intruder's thirst once more mani-
fested itself, and he poured a drink from
the decanter into the glass. lie
quaffed it, and then—the tumbler
crashed to fragments on the table.

  Aroused by the sound, Trenwyck
leaped from his bed and rushed into
the sitting-room. Blinkers, a strange
expression on his face, stood by the
talile and gave his friend a dazed look as
he ran toward him.
THE ARGOSY.

«What’s the matter, Blinkers?”

asked Trenwyck.

“ R-r-robbery,” stuttered Blinker^.

Trenwyck turned up the light. The
dark-lantern engaged his attention ana

then the packet.	.

« Where is the thief cried Tren-

  lie—he got away,” answered Blink-
ers with a shiver. ” He was after those
*eeds, I reckon, Tren, but I interrupted
his work before he could make off with
them.'’

"Did he make oft with anything

else?”	, ,

  ••I don’t know. You’d better look
through your clothes and find out.”

  Trenwyck found that his pocketbook
was missing. The night clerk was sum-
moned and the house policeman was put
on the trail.

   The loss of a few dollars was nothing
to Trenwyck, who was more than thank-
ful that the packet had been saved.
When he again sought his bed, after the
excitement, he had the packet under liis
pillow.

  Blinkers, awed at his own temerity
and bewildered by the result of it,
thought best to keep his own counsel.

  “ If Trenwyck ever counts up and
finds that one seed is missing,” thought
Blinkers," he’ll think the thief got away
with it. Well, he did—but, by Chris-
topher, it was sudden I I reckon Tap-
scott wasn’t so crazy as Byngs is trying
to make out.”

CHATTER IV.

SAD BUSINESS AT BURGOS.

  Trenwyck and Blinkers came into
Spain by easy stages, lingering in the
various capitals for a last taste of that
“ glorious civilization ” which Tapscott
was seeking to carry to the Middle
Ages.

  The delights of London and Paris
almost wooed Blinkers from their set-
tled purpose, but Trenwyck’s per-
suasions, fortified by an important tele-
gram that reachcd him in the French
metropolis, were sufficient, and Tren-
wyck brought Blinkers away to Bayonne
and thence into the Basque Provinces.

  The telegram was from an old friend,
Major Wickers, who represented his

country at one of the Spanish ports.
"Meet me Fonda del Norte, Burgos,
Wednesday. Imperative.” So ran the

message.

  The major was a bachelor, upward of
fifty, and in his native xUabama was
known as a successful iron founder.
What imperative business he could have
with Trenwyck was more than the latter
could imagine.

  This was not the only thing that both-
ered Trenwyck. During the voyage
across to Liverpool he had counted the
time Seeds and had found that there
were but sixty-eight, leaving twenty-five
unaccounted for.

  What had become of the missing
twenty-five? He questioned Blinkers,
and Blinkers had evinced surprise, but
nothing akin to guilt.

  He suggested that, as (he seeds were
small, they might have sifted out of the
packet. Trenwyck did not think this
possible, but immediately he took steps
to keep the rest of the seeds secure be-
yond all possibility of loss.

  Professor Byngs was on the boat with
them. During the first day or two of
the voyage he had importuned Tren-
wyck to divide the packet with him, as-
serting that he had taken passage for
the sole purpose of securing some of the
seeds and that he would persist at all
hazards until he gained his end.

  After two days of ineffective threats
and entreaties,Byngs apparently yielded
to the inevitable and frequented the
card-room, where Blinkers was passing
most of liis time. In Liverpool the
professor succeeded in effacing himself.

  The contrast between Byngs’ behavior
at the beginning of the trip and at. the
end of it was so remarkable that Tren-
wyck might have suspected that he had
accomplished his purpose had not the
difficulties in the way of it been so great.
As it was, he merely wondered and re-
frained from pressing any inquiries.

  At Irun, just over the Spanish boun-
dary, the customs officials fell on Blink-
ers’ luggage and confiscated two dozen
decks of playing-cards, a box of chips, a
roulette wheel and a faro layout.

  They would have gone further and
confiscated Blinkers hi in self, no doubt,
if Trenwyck had not made judicious use
of a few pesetas.
MAROONED IN 1492.

99

  “ What in the world were you going to
do with all that plunder?” Trenwyck
demanded.

  “ Just in case we ran out of funds,
Tren," Blinkers explained. “ If we're
to carry our civilization into the Na-
poleonic era, it struck me I’d look after
that end of it.”

  “ This comes of that gambling you
did on the way over,” said Trenwyck
severely, “ and it isn’t the sort of mis-
sionary work we’re going to engage iu.
Our business in making a jump back to
the beginning of the century, Blinkers,
is to look up a few points of history and
to benefit the people as much as we
can in our feeble way—not to coax
louis d'or from the French camp through
the medium of games of chance.”

  They reached Burgos at ten in the
evening, and were hauled to the major’s
fonda by a row of three mules attached
to a rickety ’bus. The w*hole force of
the establishment came out to receive
them, and they had a chance to try the
Greaser Spanish they had picked up in
Arizona.

  It proved adequate, and they were
conducted to a dingy salon with two bed-
rooms adjoining. The omnibus mules
were stabled directly under them—but
they were in Spain, and not disposed to
be fastidious.

  They had a late dinner sent up to
their rooms. While they were discuss-
ing the soup the major stormed iD.

  *1 knew you’d come, by gad!” he
shouted, shaking Trenwyck’s hands ef-
fusively. "And Blinkers, too! Well,
well. You’re good to me, boys. By gad !
This comes of having friends when you
need ’em! ”

  The major was short, but ponderous.
The red of his pudgy face was relieved
by the white of his large mustaches.

  His face was a little redder, his mus-
tache a little whiter and his hair a little
thinner than when Trenwyck had seen
him last.

  But otherwise he was the same tem-
pestuous old major.

  “ How did you know I was in Paris,
major?” Trenwyck asked while his
friend floundered into a seat and
.-quirrned to get at his cigar-case.

  “ Met, Dave Gillum at Barcelona—big
Dave, right from the States. He’s

thinking of taking a bunch of Basques
or Moors—I don’t remember just which
—to the Chicago Fair. Dave said he
had met up with you and Blinkers in
London, and that you were to stop in
Paris and then come on this way. Sorry
if I hurried you, Tren, but I need you
to-morrow afternoon.”

  “ What for ? ”

  The old fire-eater leaned back in his
chair and lighted his cigar.

  “ Duel,” he answered tersely.

  Trenwyck dropped knife and fork and
straightened up with a gasp. Blinkers
also showed a profound interest.

  “ You don’t mean to say that you’re
going to fight a duel! ” exclaimed Tren-
wyck.

  “Who else?” the major returned
complacently. “ Don’t be in such a
taking, Tren. It’s not the lirst time.
By gad, no Dutchman can jump on the
Stars and Stripes and make faces at
the Monroe Doctrine while Wickers is
around! ”

  “ Is that what happened ? " Trenwyck
inquired.

  “ Is it? ” the major wheezed. “ Is it?
The Barcelona papers are full of it.
This Baron von Lauderbach aired his
views at a little dinner given to the
foreign representatives. What he said
—but I won’t repeat what he said, bv
gad! It was enough. I threw wine in
his face, and would have followed the
wine with the tumbler if they hadn’t
stopped me.

  “ We exchanged cards. If Dave
hadn’t been in a rush to get to Madrid
I’d have had him for a second. But
when he told me about you, why. I shot
that telegram into Paris.

  “ Preliminaries are all arranged. I
named place and weapons, and selected
Burgos and six-shooters—Burgos, be-
cause it’s on your route and I didn’t
want to put you to any more inconven-
ience than 1 had to.”

  “Good Heavens 1 ” ' Trenwyck mut-
tered. “ Are you mad, major? If you
go ahead with this piece of folly you’re
liable to involve three governments.”

  “ I don’t care a hang if I involve a
dozen!” Wickers bristled. "No for-
eigner is going to shake his fist at the
American eagle in my presence without
hearing from me.”
THE ARGOSY.

  «• Where is the duel to take place?”
'• lu a quiet little courtyard just long
enough for twenty paces. Don’t try to
stop me, Tren. Fm all worked up about
this business, and 111 have it out with
that baron if it's the last thing 1 ever

do.’’	,

  He was as fixed as Gibraltar, and
when he went away about midnight
Trenwyck was in no enviable frame of
mind.

  Baron von Lauderbach, the other
principal, the major had told them, was
an attache of the German embassy at
Madrid.

  “ The olcl boy is on the warpath,
Tren,” chuckled Blinkers, dropping the
stump of his cigarette' into one of the
empty dishes and getting up with a
yawn.

  -	We've got to stop this duel in some
way,” said Trenwyck.

  “ 1 can stop it.” said Blinkers.
  “How?”

  “ Leave that to me, Tren.”

  “ No foolishness, Blinkers! ” Tren-
wyck warned him.

  ” Sure not! ” returned the irresponsi-
ble Blinkers. “ Do you want me to go
ahead and try my hand ? ”

  "Well, you might,” Trenwyck an-
swered. yielding weakly to the gravity
of the situation. “ if you really think
you can accomplish anything.”

  Blinkers went blithely to bed and in a
few minutes Trenwick followed his ex-
ample. Trenwyck heard the call of the
night-watch two or three times before
dozing off to sleep, and when he did
sleep he dreamed of duels and interna-
tional complications and other things
that had burdened his waking hours.

  It was late when he woke up and-gave
his attention to the bread and chocolate
a waiter brought to the door. Blinkers
had dressed and gone out, presumably
to execute his plan for putting a quietus
on the duel.

  Trenwyck hadn't much faith in
Blinkers’ ability to have the affair called
off. He had no acquaintance with the
baron, but if that gentleman had come
all the way to Burgos to fight it was
hardly possible he could be made to
apologize.

  For Trenwyck to go to the alcalde
with the matter would be to affront the

major most direfully, yet that J- pre-
cisely what Trenwyck was determined
to do before he should allow the foolish
affray to take place.

  By the time Trenwyck was dressed,
Wickers dropped in to consult with him
upon personal affairs, as a provision
against fatalities. Blinkers returned
during the course of their conversation
and vouchsafed Trenwyck a reassuring
wink.

  Had he really accomplished any-
thing? If so, what—and how? Tren-
wyck turned this phase of the matter
over in his mind as the three of them
went up-stairs and had their ahnuerzo
together.

  Trenwyck found no opportunity for
a quiet word with Blinkers and hoped
Wickers would leave them for a short
time after the meal. But he did not.
He had some tinkering to do with his
revolvers, and followed them back to
their rooms to do it.

  Blinkers continued complacent and
reassuring, the major smoked and
chaffed as he worked, just to show how
cool he was, and Trenwyck fidgeted and
fretted.

  While they were thus occupied, their
host came to announce a caller, and the
caller proved so impatient that he ran
excitedly into the room at the host's
heels.

  The major looked up and a stern ex-
pression overspread his red face.

  “ Zimmerman, the baron’s second,”
said lie, shooting a glance in Trenwyck's
direction and nodding toward the caller
after the landlord had retreated. Zim-
merman was tremendously wrought up
about something.

  Without any preliminaries whatever,
he leaped into a torrent of German,
striving to keep his frenzied gestures
abreast of the oral flood.

  So far as Trenwyck was concerned,
the German language was an unknown
quantity. Blinkers, apparently under
the spell of a pleasant excitement, was
manufacturing a cigarette and smiling
to himself.

  Wickers, whether he drew any sense
from the harangue or not, preserved a
studied indifference.

  Presently Trenwyck stepped forward
and interrupted Herr Zimmerman. He
MAROONED IN 1492.

101

assured him, in English, that what ho
was saving was Greek (o them ; also, that
he was Major Wickers* second, and that
whatever he—Zimmerman—had to say
must he put in terms they could under-
stand.

  The perturbed Teuton poured a glass
of water from a pitcher on the table and
while drinking it seemed to get better
control of himself. When he spoke
again he was a little more lucid. His
friend Baron von Lauderbach, it ap-
peared, had mysteriously vanished. lie
had risen early that morning and had
begun writing letters.

  On a desk in his chamber was a letter
half-written—broken abruptly off in the
midst of a sentence. His hat and cane
were in the chamber and there was every
evidence that he had not 'intended
taking his departure.

  Yet he had departed, and a search of
several hours had failed to reveal his
whereabouts.

  The major gave a sarcastic laugh. It
was a laugh that turned Zimmerman
pale with vexation and chagrin, for it
reflected upon the courage of his prin-
cipal.

  “So!” exclaimed the major. “Not
daring to stand before me and give me
satisfaction, this valiant baron takes to
the woods! I’ll make this known
throughout the length and breadth of
Spain, by gad! And if the poltroon
ever shows his face in my vicinity, I’ll—
I’Ll pull his nose for him! ”

  “ Vat you speak iss nod true! ” cried
Zimmerman. “ Der baron has nod
taken by dcr voods, no. He has nod run
avay; he vould haf a scorn for such as
d ot. 77 immelblitzen ! ”

  “Produce him! Produce him!” re-
turned the major. “If you don’t pro-
duce this friend of yours, Zimmerman,
the public will draw its own conclu-
sions.”

  “ How can I produce him ven I don’d
know vere he iss gone?’' said Zimmer-
man helplessly. “ Some accident has
happened mit him, jali, it must be. You
vill be patient, Ilerr Major, und gif us a
leetle more time, hey? ”

  “ Not another hour,” said Trenwyck.

  Zimmerman shrugged his shoulders
and walked to the door. Pausing there,
he turned to add:

  “ If der baron iss nod foundt, it vill
afford me g-r-reat pleasure to take hin
place,” said he. “ I vould nod haf der
Herr Major disappointed.”

“ Never! ” declared Trenwyck. “ My
friend lights with the baron or no one.”
Zimmerman bowed humbly and left.
He seemed a nice, soldierly fellow, and
Trenwyck was sorry for him.

 The moment Zimmerman was gone
the attention of Trenwyck and the
major was drawn to Blinkers, who was
choking with mirth in his chair.

  “ Look here, Blinkers,” said Tren-
wyck ,“ do you know what has happened
to the baron ? ”

  “ My, but this is rich! ” gasped Blink-
ers. “Of course I know what’s hap-
pened to the baron. Tren. If Zimmer-
man finds him he’ll have to go back
some four hundred years! ”

  "Gad!” muttered Wickers, rising to
his feet and peering at Trenwyck across
the table. “ Is the fellow mad ? ”

  “ What crazy thing have you done? ”
hissed Trenwyck in Blinkers’ ear, bend-
ing over him and gripping his arm con-
vulsively.

  “ I gave him eight of ’em,” admitted
Blinkers. “ We had a glass together in

his room and I smuggled the-"

  A slow horror ran through Tren-
wyck’s veins.

  Blinkers, reading the trepidation of
his soul in the lines of his face, subsided
weakly.

  “ I may have been a little hasty,

Tren,” Blinkers quavered, “ but-”

 “Hasty!” echoed Trenwyck in a
hollow voice, and turned away.

CHAPTER Y.

TTTE CAP SHEAF.

  A deep silence fell over the three in
the room. The only sound that was
heard was caused by the restless tramp-
ing of the mules in the stable below.

  “Tren,” pursued Blinkers desper-
ately, “ there wasn't anything else for it,
on mv word. That baron was as cold-
blooded as a channel catfish. He'd have
made a vacancy in the diplomatic serv-
ice just as sure as you’re a foot high! ”

  “Where did you get the seeds?”
asked Trenwyck.
102

THE ARGOSY.

  Blinkers grew suddenly mute.

  Events were trending toward a reve-
lation that dismayed him.

  “ Come, out with it,” went on Tren-
wyck with cutting firmness. “ Where
did you get the seeds ? ”

  ‘•'On the boat, when we came over.
fi \h! Then vou have abused my con-
fidence, have you? Why didn't you tell
me you had rifled the packet when I
spoke to you about the loss I had dis-
covered ? ”

  “ Well," temporized Blinkers, I did
not care to have you know those sharp-
ers were getting the best of me at one-
call-two.”

  “ What has your gambling on the
boat got to do with the missing seeds? ”
“ Pretty nearly everything. Oh, hang
it, Tren! I'm not going to keep this on
my mind any longer. I took those
twenty-four seeds out of the packet
while you were sound asleep in your
bunk.”

  " Twenty-four?” came caustically
from Trenwyck. “ There are twenty-
five gone. Where’s the other ? ”

  I	got rid of that burglar in New
York with the other.”

  “ That’s where the burglar went, is
it ? ”

“Yes; I gave him fifty years. Byngs
got four hundred, same as the baron.”
‘‘I'm beginning to understand. What
sort of a deal did you make with

Byngs?”

  “ I gave ’em to him reasonable, Tren
—fifty dollars per seed. He got eight at
that figure and I sailed in with the pro-
ceeds and tried to win back what I’d
lost. But the tinhorns had the cards
marked.”

  “ Did you tell Bvngs anything about
the mysterious properties of the

seeds? ”

   “ I did, and he said I was crazy. I told
him 1 wasn't as big a fool as 1 looked,
and he said I couldn’t be.”

_ “ Byngs had it about right, Blinkers.
\ ou wasted one on the thief, eight, on
Byngs and eight on the baron." That
leaves you with eight, and I guess vou
better turn them over to me. i am very
much put out with you, Blinkers.’’

  The major had listened to this con-
versation with falling jaw and distended
eyes.

  “ Have you fellows gone daft entire-
ly?” he spoke up. “You talk like a
couple of madmen.”

  He turned to Blinkers.

  “ Blinkers,” he went on sternly, “ if
you have been meddling in my affair of
honor, it is high time I knew something
about it, by gad! ”

  “ He did his meddling by my request,
major,” said Trenwyck.

  Wickers stared at Trenwyck.

  “ Let me understand this matter,”
said the major, with painful delibera-
tion. “ You sent Blinkers to the baron
to see if our differences could not be
patched up without a resort to arms?”
“ You do not appreciate the gravity

of the situation, major, or-”

  “ I' appreciate, sir,” thundered the
major, “ that the Wickers’ honor is at
stake! I appreciate, sir, that this titled
nincompoop, this Baron Nobody, has
slurred that glorious banner that waves
above my home and my iron works, and
that I am to be denied retaliation.
And finally, Mr. Trenwyck, I appreciate
that one whom I supposed to be my best
friend has had the audacity to restrain
me from the defense of my honor! I
have the pleasure, sir, of wishing you a
very good morning! ”

  More in sorrow than in anger, the
major gathered up his revolvers and
stalked toward the exit. He found
Trenwyck barring his way.

  “Go back and sit down!” ordered
Trenwyck. •

  “ When the bands of friendship,” be-
gan the major morosely, “ have been
weakened to breaking by the misguided
officiousness of—er—er—of an inju-
dicious gentleman who-”

  “ The injudicious gentleman means
what he says, Major Wickers,” inter-
rupted Trenwyck sternly. “Go back
and take your chair. Blinkers was too
zealous; he exceeded his instructions.
You must give me the opportunity to
explain.”

  The.^major returned gloomily to his
seat, laid his revolvers on the table, and
passively awaited the explanation.
Trenwyck took up the subject of the
seeds, described the manner in which
they came into his possession, and told
what he intended doing with them.
Major Wickers’ injured dignity was
MAROONED IN 1492.

103

lost in a sudden and absorbing fear for
Trenwyck’s sanity.

     Merciful Heavens! ” whispered the
major hoarsely. “ Is it possible that in
this year of grace 1892 there is one sen-
sible man who will put any faith in such
a lot of rubbish ? ”

  “ Blinkers and I believe in it/’ an-
swered Trenwyck steadily.

  “ Then you and Blinkers are entitled
to a couple of guardians.”

  “ I cannot shut my eyes to the proof.
Tapscott was snuffed out, the thief van-
ished, and now the baron has followed
both of them into the past.”

  " Bosh ! ” wheezed the major. “ The
baron lost his nerve and ran away, in
spite of you and Blinkers. You're daft,
Trenwyck; clean daft. Let me have a
look at those wonderful seeds.”

  Blinkers, in response to Trenwyck’s
request, had removed from his vest
pocket the paper containing the eight
seeds he had left. He was holding the
packet in his hand, and Trenwyck mo-
tioned him to show them to the major.

  The major, wearing a smile half-
pitying and wholly incredulous, poured
himself a drink, started to raise the
glass to his lips, and suddenly set it
down again.

  “ There they are, major,” said Blink-
ers, unfolding the packet and stepping
closer so that Major Wickers could
see the seeds. "They look harmless
enough, but there’s a hocus-pocus of
fifty years wrapped up in every one of
those little grains.”

  The major took the paper, eyed the
seeds cynically, then quickly slipped
them into the glass of water. A pre-
sentiment of further trouble darted
through Trenwyck’s brain and he
darted forward with outstretched hand.

  “Major!” he cried in consternation.
“ What are you about to do? ”

  “ Stand right where you are, Tren-
wyck!” commanded the major, waving
him back. “You, too, Blinkers! I'm
going to prove that the baron ran away
of his own accord—and, incidentally,
that you gentlemen are victims of your
own disordered imagination.”

   He lifted the glass, a quick sparkle of
determination showing in his eyes.

  “ Stop, Wickers!” shouted Trenwyck
frantically, leaping toward him.

  The glass was already at the major’s
lips. Trenwyck caught it away, but too
late. A choppy, defiant laugh echoed
through the room.

  Another moment and Trenwyck and
Blinkers were alone, staring dumbly at
each other across the spot where the
major had just stood. A groan escaped
Trenwyck’s lips, the glass fell crashing
from his hand, and he dropped limply
across the table.

CHAPTER VI.

A DOUBLE DEPARTURE FOR THE PAST.

  The baron was gone and the major
had followed him. Both had been pro-
jected four hundred years into the past.
What was to happen when they met in
those old times afforded Trenwyck
much material for gruesome specula-
tion.

  He was glad the major had left his
revolvers and ammunition behind. If
the duel was fought in that other age. it
would have to be with crossbows, two-
handed swords, or blunderbusses; and
there was the chance that these un-
familiar weapons would make the
combat less sanguinary.

  From worrying about the major and
the baron, Trenwyck fell to worrying
about Blinkers and himself. Myste-
rious disappearances, even in Spain, are
not allowed to pass without investiga-
tion.

  In the present instance there were
two powerful governments to force the
hands of the authorities. Trenwyck
and Blinkers could hardly avoid becom-
ing entangled if they tarried in Burgos,
so they deemed it expedient to get away
as quickly as possible.

  Trenwyck appropriated the major's
guns. They were beautiful weapons,
silver chased, and had the initials
“II. W.”—Horace Wickers — wrought
into the stocks.

  Trenwyck settled their reckoning at
the fonda, marched along the row of
waiters, scullions and stable boys, and
tipped impartially, after which he and
Blinkers climbed into the old ‘bus and
were rattled away to the station.
Blinkers had suggested that it was a
propitious moment to take their own
the argosy.

104

leap into the dark, but his friend was not

in the mood for it.	. 1 ,

  They were to have a night ride to
Madrid, and thought luck was with
them when thev chanced upon a vacant
compartment. Before the train leit the
Burgos station, however, Zimmerman s
square-jawed face appeared in the door
and he crawled over them into the car-
riage.	. , .. , ,

  If he recognized them in the dim light
he gave no sign. After stowing his
luggage in the racks he settled into a
distant corner and presumably went to

sleep-	,.

  Plis presence gave Trenwyck a feeling
of decided discomfort. Could he, by any
possible chance, be following Trenwyck
and Blinkers and keeping them under
surveillance ?

  Zimmerman could hardly have tailed
to discover that Blinkers had called on
the baron not far from the hour of his
disappearance. What inference would
Zimmerman draw from this, if any ■.

  When they were fairly off on their
journey Trenwyck drew the silk curtain
across "the hole in the top of the car-
riage and shut off the rays of the dimly
burning lamp.

  Blinkers slept like a log and snored
resonantly. Trenwyck passed the time
in fitful cat-naps, peering at intervals
at the blot of shadow which was all he
could see of Zimmerman.

  No morning ever dawned that was
more welcome to Trenwyck than the
one that followed the dreary, appre-
hensive night. At a station, where the
train lingered for a period out of all
proportion to the size of the place, he
bought a couple of jugs of goat’s milk.

  Quietly rousing Blinkers, Trenwyck
gave him one. As he took it, Blinkers
looked significantly toward the sleeping
Zimmerman, and Trenwyck shook his
head to signify that nothing of impor-
tance had happened.

  An hour or two before they reached
Madrid, Zimmerman sat. up, yawned,
and phook himself together. He and
the other two in the compartment, how-
ever. might have been total strangers
for all the attention they gave each
other.

When the capital was finally reached,
the three traveled in the same omnibus

to the Hotel de la Paix. Wherever
Trenwyck turned he was sure to see the
German, not watching him, apparently,
but merely loitering in his vicinity.

  He got more and more upon Trcn-
wyck’s nerves, until it grew so serious
that Trenwyck could not look at an
alguazil without a shudder of appre-
hension. They took lunch at the
Hotel de la Paix, and then Trenwyck
hurried poor Blinkers away to Seville
and Cadiz.

  They paused for breath in Cadiz, for
although Zimmerman had bobbed up
serenely in Seville, they missed him at
the seaport. But when they had been
rowed to the steamer that was to take
them through the straits to Malaga, the
first person they saw on gaining the deck
was their Nemesis—as studiously indif-
ferent as ever.

  “ I could plant a few more of those
seeds where they would do us a lot of
good, Tren/5 muttered Blinkers darkly.

  “No you don’t! ” said Trenwyck in a
tone there was no mistaking.

  “ But that fellow is camped on our
trail! Are we going to let him chase us
all over Spain ? ”

  “ I’m trying to figure out what sort of
a game lie’s up to,” Trenwyck answered.

  “ And while you’re doing your fig-
uring, like as not he’ll land us in one of
these Spanish lock-ups!”

  “ No. If he should try that, we’ll fall
back on the seeds ourselves and connect
with that Peninsular Campaign. Mix
us a shandygaff, Blinkers, and bring it
out on deck.”

  Trenwyck made it a point to travel
with all materials necessary for the
beverage—excepting the cracked ice.
According to bis notion, it was the most
harmless and satisfying of ail the con-
coctions invented by man.

  The Zimmerman riddle was not
solved on the voyage to Malaga, nor in
Malaga itself. Proceeding on to Gran-
ada, the travelers quartered themselves
in the Siete Suelos, overlooking the red
walls of the Alhambra.

  Once more they experienced a feeling
of relief—Zimmerman had not been iu
evidence since they left Malaga. The
time had conic when Trenwyck could no
longer dilly-dally with the set purpose
that had brought him to Spain. If he
MABOONED IN 1492.

105

was ever to look in on that Peninsular
Campaign, it was advisable to be about
it.

  Trenwyck could be brave enough in
a pinch, but there was something so
uncanny in the way a person slipped the
leash, under the spell of those lit tie
seeds, that the very thought of it gave
him pause.

  As for Blinkers, he was in no wise
perturbed by the bizarre workings of
Tapscott's prescription. Nothing in the
nature of the unaccountable ever
aroused his concern; only the humdrum
and the ordinary could do that.

  lie would as cheerfully have accom-
panied Trenwyck to the Stone Age as to
the Napoleonic era, despite his secret
longings for the Nile and the times of
Cleopatra. There was a rnild excite-
ment in being dogged by Zimmerman;
whenever Zimmerman failed him, he
fell back upon veiled hints cunningly
calculated to keep their main object
fresh in Tremvyck’s mind.

  In the afternoon of the day of their
arrival at the Siete Suelos, therefore,
Blinkers received with much delight
Trenwyck’s announcement that the
long-expected moment was at hand.
With tingling nerves they set about
their small preparations.

  A hamper, with materials for a hun-
dred glasses of shandygaff, was not the
least important part of Trenwyck’s per-
sonal equipment; then there were a
dozen note-books, a fountain pen and a
quart bottle of ink ; six 100-size boxes of
Colorado Maduros, and a supply of
matches, and a small bag of money in
gold pieces of fifty pesetas. These were
all compactly packed for hand carriage.

 Upon Trenwyck’s person were
various articles, necessary and other-
wise, including the major’s brace of six-
shooters.

  Trenwyck did not inquire too search-
ing! y into the character of Blinkers'
odds and ends. He knew he had a
brace of revolvers — 42’s, like the
major’s—with cartridges to fit:, ample
materials for cigarettes, a rawhide
riata—relic of his Texas days—a water
flask with two collapsible cups, and
other things.

 At the last moment Trenwyck
thought best to allow Blinkers con-

siderable latitude; then, if he landed
at the beginning of the century unpro-
vided for iu any essential particular, lie
would have no one but himself to blame
for it.

  A muleteer, an Asturian in a wonder-
ful red paauela and answering to the
name of Anselmo, was hired for what
purported to be an ordinary ramble
through the hills, and the paraphernalia
was loaded upon the panniers of his
patient beast. The hotel bill was not
settled, the residue of luggage being left
in lieu of the money.

  The muleteer desired to know their
pleasure as to the course they should
take.

  “ Anywhere in the hills, Anselmo,”
Trenwyck answered, and the little cara-
van got under way.

  Skirting the beautiful gardens of the
Generaliffe, they struck inio a lonely
mule path that wound upward through
bleak hills along the bottom of a narrow
barranco or ravine.

  It was a wild and rugged country,
bare, desolate, and suggestive of Dante’s
Inferno. Anselmo, a picturesque object
in his bright panuela, brigand-like cloak
and laced alfargatas, was extremely lo-
quacious. -v

  He explained that they were on their
way to the crest of the Mountain of the
Sun, the highest elevation iu the vicin-
ity of Granada, and he was at great
pains to point out the Chair of the Moor
and other landmarks, and to give some
account of the traditions connected with
them.

  Blinkers chatted with the fellow' in
peon Castilian, but Trenwyck took no
part in the conversation aud listened
only casually. Had the gay Anselmo
been Mephistopheles leading them up
the Brocken he could hardly have been
more heavily oppressed.

  They were passing from the nine-
teenth century in a manner that har-
monized well with their extraordinary
purpose. As they proceeded, ruins of
ancient structures rose thickly about
them.

  Ahead and to the left Trenwyck took
note of a stone tower in a tolerable
state of preservation. His eves were
fixed on this tow-er when a clatter of
hoofs from behind, and a startled ex-
106

THE ARGOSY.

clamation from Blinkers, drew his At-
tention.	'	.

  Zimmerman, astride a mule, ^as gal-
loping after them up the barranco.
Mounted on horses and following him
closelv were two alguazils, their white
hats bobbing excitedly as they rode.

  “Yait a leetle!” shouted Zimmer-
man, rising in his stirrups.

  The tjens d'armes repeated the com-
mand. in their own tongue, emphasizing
it with a wave of their drawn swords.

  “Christopher!" growled Blinkers,
reaching for his guns. “ They're after
us, Tren!”

  “ Leave your guns where they are,”
said Trenwyck, “-and get up to that old
tower as fast as you can. Unload the
mule and make everything ready—I’ll
stay here and parley with them while
you're doing it. Sing out when you ve
got things in shape, Blinkers! "

  As Trenwyck finished he handed his.
friend the packet of seeds.

  The Texan was all activity on the in-
stant. Anselmo, frightened by the hos-
tile manner of the alguazils, grabbed his
mule and was for holding it in that spot
until the officers arrived.

  Blinkers lifted him from his feet and
cast him aside, then took hold of the
mule himself and scrambled for the
tower. The fact that Trenwyck was re-
maining to talk with them in a manner
calmed the officers and acted as an off-
set to these warlike proceedings.

  The muleteer, rising from where he
had fallen, stood inert, dividing his be-
wilderment between the vanishing mule
and the approaching riders. Blinkers
was at the tower and unloading the
plunder when Zimmerman drew rein in
front of Trenwyck.

  " Herr Trenwyck,” said the German,
“ you und your friend vill haff to go
back by Granata, under arrest.”

  “ Why so? ” returned Trenwyck, dis-
sembling to the best of his ability.

  “ Y ou haf been suspected oof know-
ing someding aboudt vat has happened
mit Baron von Lauderbach, by Burgos.
Und it is believed dot you can also make
some explanations concerning der vere-
about? oof der baron’s enemy, der Herr
Major.”

  “Nonsense!” cried Trenwyck in
great indignation. “ Major Wickers
was my friend, man! As for the baron,
I never saw him in my life.”

  “No? Veil, your friend saw him,
und aboudt der time vat he vanished
away. J. haf been following you, Herr
Trenwyck, und in your stateroom on der
boat, between Cadiz and Malaga, I findt
me dot you carry two refolfers marked
mit der initials oof der Herr Major. Ha !
Iss it nod so? You must go mit us by
Granata! ”

  The alguazils had dismounted and
now came up, echoing in their own
tongue the statement that he must
return to the town.

  “ Everything's ship-shape, Tren ! ”
came booming down the hillside from
the tower.

  “ This is an outrage! ” Trcnwyc-k
fumed; “ but if you insist I suppose
there is nothing for us to do but to
yield ”

  Then in Spanish to the officers:

  “ I will accompany you to the ruins
and explain matters to my friend. He
is a little hot-headed and might make
trouble for you if you went alone.”
This appeared like a reasonable sug-
gestion and they all ascended the slope,
the alguazils still keeping on either side
of Trenwyck.

  Blinkers stood in the doorway of the
tower, a cup in each hand.

  “ Here’s that drink you wanted,
Tren,” said he, handing his friend one
of the cups. “ What’s the matter with
these lads, anyhow?” he. added, sweep-
ing his eye over Zimmerman and the
alguazils.

  Zimmerman began to talk, but Tren-
wyck cut into his remarks with the word
“Now!” accompanied by a significant
look at Blinkers.

  At the same instant the two cups were
lifted and drained. A sort of haze
caught up everything within Trenwyck's
line of vision; his ears roared as with
deafening thunder, blackness descended
and closed- him in, the earth shook
under his feet, and he felt himself
hurled outward and down, down, down.

          until sensation failed and there was
          nothing but oblivion.

 (To be continued.)
THE MURDER OF EBEN CANNIFF.

BY W. BERT FOSTER.

The champion of.the Doelger Crowd and what his espousal of his father s cause did toward

putting a rope around his neck.

WHEN Eben Canniff was elected to
the office oi' district attorney
there was no flutter in the political
chicken-roost of Denborough.

  Canniff was known as a good lawyer,
a supposedly good party man, and he
gave a certain tone to the rest of the
ticket that the most enthusiastic mem-
ber of the “ gang ” had to admit was
sadly needed.

  Canniff was a silent, taciturn individ-
ual, who showed his whole mind or
heart to no man; he could not be frank,
but that was no reason for the party
managers to believe that he was not
honest.

  And within three months the man-
agers, or the “ Doelger Crowd ” as they
were called, awoke to the terrifying fact
that in the new district attorney they
had an uncertain quantity.

  lie took his oath of office seriously,
and in those first ninety days he dis-
covered just how rank was the crowd
who had misgoverned affairs for some
years in Denborough.

  And then, instead of winking at this
matter or of* making a gallery play by
indicting some small boodler, he went
at the foontain-head of it all, and laid
evidence before the grand jury which,
if true and proven in the courts, would
send Mr. Graham Doelger himself
“ over the road.”

  When the local newspapers breathed
these tidings with awe, and the more
distant newsmongers blazoned the story
broadcast with no fear of the Doelger
Crowd before their eyes, Burke Doelger
saw it.

  Burke was at Harvard. How he man-
aged to scrape through the examina-
tions to get there may be better under-
stood when T say that he was six feet
three inches high, broad in proportion,
and the greatest center rush the college
had ever had on its eleven.

  Burke was a good-natured giant, who

never took his college course seriously,
but who considered athletics worth
while. As he was a wealthy man's son,
the college had been unable to oiler him
any pecuniary inducement; indeed, the
board never really knew how it came to
secure the prize.

  Burke might have told them. There
was just one person in the world whom
Burke Doelger worshiped—and it
wasn’t a girl!

  Old Graham Doelger, in his son’s
eyes, was the greatest man who ever
lived. The boy never tired of hearing
liis father tell of his first struggles when
he, Doelger senior, arrived from the old
country.

  When it came time for Burke to de-
cide what he would do in life, Graham
Doelger had heard, or read, that a col-
lege educated man had an advantage
over other men, and that a diploma was
an open sesame to that society which
had refused to welcome the great cheese
manufacturer himself.

  Doelger had gone into politics and
ruled the city (or thought he did, for he
was too simple to see that he was used
by more unscrupulous men to their own
ends), but he was not satisfied. He
wanted Burke, his only child, to be
something better and greater.

  Burke had brains enough to know
that he did not come of a family that
took easily to book learning; he hated
books, but he said:

  ‘‘ All right, dad! What track do you
think I'd better be trained over?”

  “ They all say that there’s a place
near Boston that’s chock full of book
learnin’ and such,” replied the old man
wistfully. “ It’s a long wavs off--”

  “ We'll fix that/’ declared Burke.
“ I’ll take your private ear and run back
and forth frequently. I know about
Harvard. I guess they’ll have me
there.”

  For lie had already been approached
 1

THE ARGOSY.

108

by certain alumni who had the welfare
of their athletics at heart.

  That is ancient history, however.
When Burke heard the stories of the
new district attorney getting after
Graham Doelger, the private car
brought him home to Den borough
faster than it ever had before.

  He reached the city in time to be
present in court at his fathers exami-
nation!	, . , ,, , ,,

  It was terrible. To think that that
white-haired old man, who looked so
blighted now, should be brought on
such a charge before the court of the
city which he had practically governed.

  Doelger had allowed his name to be
used by his henchmen; money had been
looted from the city treasury ; if Canniff
could prove this, the old man’s wealth
could not save him, for a wave of re-
form opinion was sweeping the State.

    I knew you’d come, Burke! ” gasped
Graham Doelger, as the big fellow slid
into the seat between him and his
lawyer and took the old man’s hand.

  "Come? You bet I’d come—from
Hades, dad!” growled Burke, his eyes
flashing. "Who’s doing this? What
does it mean?”

  "It is that Can niff. I—don't—just
—understand—it,” faltered the old
man, hanging his head.

  " Does he really mean to try to indict
you?” muttered Burke.

  “ I’m—I’m afraid so. He says he
isn’t after money.”

“It’s a dirty political trick!” gasped
Burke. “ He’s trying to make himself
solid for the gubernatorial nomination.”
“ I—I don’t know,” stammered his
father.

  “ By God, if he does this I’ll have his
life! ” Burke burst out, and there were
many who heard him.

  The court session—the first scene of
a drama bound to be intensely interest-
ing to Den borough—droned on. In-
fluenced as lie was by party prejudice
and bv the knowledge that he was ex-
pected to stand up for the “ boss,” the
magistrate was finally forced by the
astute district attorney to hold Graham
Doelger for trial.

  By the time the fight over the bail
was over it was growing dusk in the
corridors of the court-house.

  As Eben Canniff, stern-faced, tari-
turn, clear-eyed as ever, came out of
the court-room after most of the crowd
and the prisoner himself had gone, he
was suddenly confronted by a huge
figure, whose pallid face and blazing eyes
were those of a madman.

  “You scoundrel!” hissed Burke in
the attorney’s face. “ If you don’t drop
this you’ll be the sorriest man who ever
wore boots! ”

  The district attorney did not change
the expression of his liatchet-like
countenance, lie brushed by the young
giant, and, without hastening his pace
in the least, went down the steps and
entered the old building a short dis-
tance along the street in which he had
his office.

  Several loungers had noted the en-
counter in the hallway of the court-
house. They had marked Burke
Doelger’s attitude and noted his words*

  And perhaps Eben Canniff took the
threat seriously, too. When he reached
his office, after putting his papers in
the safe, he sat down in his hat and
coat before his desk and rang up Judge
Blaine.

  Judge Blaine was the senior justice of
the county, a man of irreproachable
character, a man with whom Canniff
had advised before taking this first step
in the punishment of the boodling ring.

  “ I am threatened,” he said over the
’phone to the judge. “ They are mad
enough to do some foolish thing, 110
doubt. But you have the combination
of my safe, and the papers are all there.
1 have nothing personal against poor
old Doelger; he was merely a catspaw.
But his son Burke thinks I have.”

  That was all he said. Judge Blaine
remembered it clearly afterward.

  Some men in the street had seen the
lawyer enter and walk up the single
flight to his office. His shadow had
crossed the drawn blind once or twice.

  Then a bulkier shadow had darted
into the doorway and disappeared in the
darkness of the stair flight.

  By and by the electric light which
had been turned on in Can niff's office
when he entered was extinguished. No-
body saw either the lawyer or the big-
ger figure which had followed him come
out of the building.
THE MURDER OF EBEN CANNIFF.

109

  Canniff was not a married man, and
there Was nobody to be worried over his
non-appearance at home. But he had an
office boy, and at eight o’clock the next
morning that young man ran shrieking
and blubbering from the old building
and quickly gathered a .startled crowd.

  He had found Eben Canniff dead
upon the floor of his office. The at-
torney had fallen, or been Hung, from
his chair.

  Later it. was decided that the murder
must have occurred immediately after
his brief talk over the ’phone with
Judge Blaine. In falling, Canniff had
dragged the transmitter; he had hung
the receiver upon it, and still clasped
the nickel standard when he fell.

  There was a pool of blood on the rug;
his chair had been overthrown and like-
wise an iron dictionary stand. From the
deep gash in his head the blood had
spurted upon everything for several
yards around.

  It was a most foul and horrible mur-
der! Even the previously lukewarm
newspapers of Denborough took up the
hue and cry for the apprehension and
punishment of the one who was guilty.

  And before noon every soul that had
arrived at years of discretion within
the precincts of the city of Denborough
knew who the guilty man was.

  A dozen witnesses to Burke Doelgers
threats in the court-house were ready
with affidavits. Half as many more
could swear to seeing the big fellow fol-
low Canniff into the building where the
district attorney was found slain.

  Public opinion demanded that the
Harvard center rush be put behind the
bars of the county jail at once. There
was no bail for such a creature. And
the Doelger Crowd were on the run,
any way.	f

  Old Graham Doelger was shaken out
of the dazed condition into which his
own arrest had thrown him.

  The coroner refused bail, it was true;
but Graham Doelger hurried to obtain
the best legal help in the .State for his
accused son. Had he known Burke to
be guilty he would have done the same,
probably, and Burke assured him that
he had not killed Canniff.

  To do the thing was in his heart that
evening. The vonng fellow did not

deny that; indeed, he would have ad-
mitted it to the reporters had not his
legal adviser forbidden his speaking.

  Burke had followed Eben Canniff to
liis office, determined to force the at-
torney to give up the prosecution of
his father. He went as far as the office
door, and then feariug what he might
do to the smaller and slighter man if
the latter refused, the big fellow tied
temptation, postponing the interview
until he should be calmer.

  But to make an admission like this
would be fatal. It was the work of the
prosecution to prove Burke’s connec-
tion with the murder.

  There was a bare possibility that cir-
cumstantial evidence could not convict
him of murder in the first degree. In
other words, there was a narrow chance
for the sentence to be life imprisonment
rather than death by the electric chair.

  A post mortem examination had
shown no other mark upon Can niff’s
body than the wound in his head. And
no weapon had been found.

  Indeed, the physicians did not en-
tirely -agree regarding that wound.

  In itself some said the blow would
not have killed the murdered man. It
must have stunned him, and he had Iain
there during the night slowly bleeding
to death.

  On the other hand, other of the medi-
cal examiners declared that death must
have been almost if not quite instanta-
neous. It was true Canniff had bled a
great deal, and such wounds do not
bleed much after the victim’s heart has
stopped its action.

  The spattering of the blood, however,
seemed to prove that it had spurted in
great quantity from the wound, and in
that case much could have been lost in
a very few moments.

  However, despite these small dis-
agreements in the medical testimony,
public opinion declared that Burke
Doelger was guilty, and there was none
to rise in denial of the charge save his
broken, white-haired old father, himself
an indicted criminal.

  Grandy Edwards would have lilted to
do so. He had been Burke’s chum at
the local schools, and he knew just how
good-hearted and noble a fellow Burke
Doelger was.
110

THE ARGOSY.

  When the city rang with the story of
the murder Grundy was horrified. He
almost fainted when his chief gave him
the assignment to interview Burke m
his cell in the county jail.

  "My God, Leggett/’ gasped the re-
porter, " give it to some other man.
Burke and I were churns.”

  <£ So much the better. He 11 talk to
you/'* said the editor, who would have
sacrificed his own grandmother for a

news item.

  Grandison Edwards would have gone
to his own hanging more cheerfully
than he visited the county jail on that
occasion. He sent in his name to Burke,
and it was evident that Burke forgot
that his old friend was a newspaper
man.

  It was really the first ray in the
darkness—this visit of Grandy’s. The
latter was the only old friend who had
come to see him.

  Grandy felt like a thief, but he was
heartily sympathetic, and came away
from the jail with the idea that Burke
Doelger was not guilty.

  ” They all believe I did it,” Burke
said quietly. “ That is, all but poor old
dad.

  u Even the lawyers seem to go to
work on that basis. Instead of looking
for the real murderer, they are endeav-
oring to throw all the dust possible in
the eyes of the prosecution, and base
.ill hope of acquittal on the inability of
the State conclusively to prove me
guilty.

  " My God, Grandy, I don’t want to be
released from a murder charge merely
because they can’t actually prove me
guilty. 1 want to be honestly cleared.”

  This appeal made a telling point in
Edwards' story when he handed it in to
the Bugle. But the editor penciled it
out.

  The Bugle was not running the risk
of appearing to back up the Doelger
Crowd, now that the regime was bound
to be changed and the reformers were
coming in.

  Secretly, however, Grandy remained
impressed with the truth of Burke’s
statement. He believed his old friend
guiltless.

  But a belief based on mere sentiment
would not go far in such a case.

  Grandy was not an inactive fellow;
his work gave him opportunities of
talking with all manner of people, and
he had an open sesame to all manner of
queer places.

  lie determined to look over the scene
of Canniff’s murder himself, although
the Bugle’s police reporter had done that
already.

  Unfortunately, just as he came down
to the old building in which Cannilf had
had his office so many years, a lire broke
out in the upper hallway, and although
his badge carried him past the fire lines,
the department would not let him into
the building until the fire was out.

  Canniff’s office was smoke-filled, but
the fire had begun in a closet in the hall,
and seemed to have no connection with
the murder of the attorney, even in
Grandy Edwards’ suspicious mind.

  He could not learn at once what had
started the conflagration, so he hung
about the neighborhood until after the
insurance people had examined the
place, and it was this hanging about
that first set Grandy’s mind in the
groove which later had so great a bear-
ing on the murder mystery.

  Next to the old rookery that had
come so near being destroyed by fire
was a little cafe, patronized by the
loungers of the neighborhood. It was
a good place in which to pick up news,
as Grandy knew of old.

  While he was there a lineman of the
electric lighting company came in and,
over his beer, began to talk with the
barkeeper.

  Grandy sidled up and listened. You
never know how much of importance
may be unintentionally dropped in
casual conversation.

  The lineman had been sent over to
repair the wires in the building where
the fire had occurred. In the opinion
of the fire marshal, the conflagration of
the morning had been caused by a live
wire the insulation of which had become
worn.

  " An’ I reckon he’s right,” said the
repairer. “ There’s a mess of wires in
that closet. I’ve got an afternoon’s
job.”

  And while the lineman did his work
in the closet he had an interested spec-
tator in Grandy Edwards.
THE MURDER OF EBEN CANNIFF.

Ill

  Grandy was as full of questions as he
could stick. The lineman was inclined
to be grouty, despite a big cigar the re-
porter gave him, before his catechizing
was complete.

  Burke Doelger had been held for the
murder of Canniff on the coroner’s find-
ing. The public prosecutor, who had
been Eben Can niff’s assistant in office,
was in no hurry to ask for an indict-
ment; the finding of the coroner’s jury
would hold until the case against Burke
was in better shape.

  But to his surprise—to the amaze-
ment of the whole city, in fact—Dod-
ger’s counsel suddenly moved in the
matter. Application was made for
Burke’s release from custody on the
ground that there was no evidence to
support the accusation upon which the
young man had been arrested.

  “ They’d show better taste by wait-
ing,” was the legal concensus of opinion.

  There is never anything to be gained
bv hurrying the public prosecutor.

  “ Besides, there is always a chance of
something turning up to favor the ac-
cused as time goes on. Delay benefits
the prisoner. Ilis own lawyers seem to
wish to railroad him through.”

  But the public—or that part of it
which could crowd into the court-room
—was still more amazed when the lead-
ing counsel for the defense, in address-.
ing the justice, not only declared his
client guiltless of the crime laid at his
door, but broadly hinted that he was
prepared to offer evidence proving this
amazing fact!

  The course of the defense seemed
inexplicable. Instead of taking the ag-
gressive in this way, it was expected
that Burke’s lawyers would harp upon
the fact that his absolute connection
with the murder could not be proven by
eye-witnesses.

  “ The nature of this evidence you
claim to possess?” queried the bench
of the confident lawyer.

  “I have three witnesses, if it please
your honor,” declared the attorney.
“ One is a gentleman who first suspected
the facts in the case—Mr. Edwards
yonder, engaged on the I)enborough
Bugle.

  "Another is a lineman and repairing
electrician in the employ of the lighting

company. The third is Dr. Abram
Little ”—pointing to a professional-
looking man who sat beside the re-
porter.

  “ With your permission I will call Dr.
Little first. Dr. Little is on the medical
board of the State penitentiary. It has
been his privilege to examine, and pro-
fessionally pronounce dead, most of the
criminals that have received the ex-
treme penalty of the law in our State
during the last ten years.

  “ Dr. Little has examined the body of
our late district attorney, Eben Can-
niff. The medical testimony given at
the inquest showed more than the usual
discrepancies; no two of the medical
examiners agreed upon all points re-
garding Eben Canniffs—er—taking
away.

  “ Because my client in the heat of
youthful anger threatened the unfortu-
nate man who is now dead, he was at
once accused of murder—even before
it was proven that murder had been
committed! Will the court hear Dr.
Little?”

  The court would, for it, as well as
the spectators, was on the qui rive. It
was plain that the astute attorney was
working up no legal “ bluff.”

  Under his questioning, Dr. Little
showed the number of bodies he had ex-
amined following their death in the
chair, offering voluminous notes regard-
ing the state of the various organs and
the condition of the flesh.

  Then he said, while the dramatic ten-
sion was too great to be expressed in
mere words:

  “ It is my opinion that the body of
Eben Canniff shows in every important
particular the same indications which
marked the bodies of those criminals
who have been electrocuted in this State
during the last decade.

  “ There are no exterior evidences of
the electric current, as I have said. But
to the trained eye the manner of Mr.
Can niff’s death is conclusively proven.

  “ He was killed by the shock of an
electric current passing through his
body, strong enough to have killed ten
men ! ”

  The testimony of the lineman and of
Grandy Edwards followed. The stories
given out by Judge Blaine and the
112

THE ARGOSY.

other men whom the prosecution in-
tended to use as witnesses in the convic-
tion of Burke Doelger were skilfully
utilized by the defense.

  Judge Blaine had told how he had
spoken over the phone with the dead
district attorney, and the men in the
street testified to the sudden putting
out of the electric light in Canmirs
office.

  " That light, your honor, declared
the lawyer, “ was the shaded bulb over
Mr. C’anniff's desk.

  “ He sat there in his hat and coat,
ready to go home, while he telephoned
to Judge Blaine. As he completed his
message, he hung the receiver on the
shaft of the telephone standard, and, as
he placed the latter ou his desk, reached
up to turn out his electric light.

  “ As the testimony of the lineman
and his letter from the electric light
company proves—as well as the con-
tributory evidence of the recent fire in
the building and the report of the city
fire marshal on the same—the worn
insulation of the lighting wire in the
closet on the floor with Mr. Canniff’s
office doubtless caused a grounding of
the current, and the metal trimmings of

the globe over the dead man’s desk were

heavily charged with the fluid.

  “ As Cannitr turned out his light he
touched this metal. Instantly his body
short-circuited the electric current, his
right hand still grasping the telephone
standard. In falling to the floor his
head struck the dictionary stand and
was cut.

  “ Your honor, I ask that my client be
set free at once. There was 110 murder.
Eben CannifFs death was caused by an
act of God, with which is found some
contributory negligence by man.

  "The death of our brilliant district
attorney, Eben Canniff, is a public mis-
fortune. He undoubtedly made ene-
mies by his determination to root out
the evil of misgovernrnent that has
sapped the political strength of our
community. However, to hold my client
an hour under this awful charge, and
after these proofs are laid before the
court, is an injustice that I do not be-
lieve my brother ”—with a bow to the
public prosecutor—“ will countenance.”

  He sat down. Half an hour later
Burke walked from the court-house a
free man, with his broken and white-
haired father leaning upon his arm.

THE HOODOO RANCH/

BY SEWARD W. HOPKINS.

An inheritance that was unexpectedly come by, miraculously reached, and which staggered its

possessor when finally viewed.

SYNOPSIS OF CHAPTERS PREVIOUSLY PUBLISHED.

   Richard Wallace is a young college graduate thrown upon his own resources in New York. He
has failed in various pursuits, and has reached his last cent. At this crisis he is notified that an uncle
has died, bequeathing him a cattle ranch in the wilds of Arizona.

    Wallace works his way to New Orleans, and there seeks to got money enough from the ranch to reach
Arizona. He receives discouraging news from the foreman, Miguel, but no cash in reply to his letter.
Taking his last few dollars to buy a supply of food, he stows away on a freight train loaded with cotton
for San Francisco, California.

CHAPTER V.

MY TROUBLES SEEM ONLY TO BEGIN.

BEING in total darkness, 1 could not
tell the hours. I slept well, on top
of a bale of cotton, and was awakened
by the jar of getting under way.

*This

  The rumbling continued; there were
jolts and jars, the noise of couplings,
and then a steady motion and rumble
on the track that indicated we were
going forward.

  The only way I had of judging time
was by my hunger.

ttory began in the July issue of The Argosy, which, will he mailed to any address on receipt

                                      of 10 cents.
THE HOODOO RANCH.

113

  I forgot to say that one of my pur-
chases was of necessity a can-opener.
Whenever 1 felt hungry 1 would take a
can, trusting to luck whether it was
salmon or beef, and open it, eating all
1 wanted.

  When 1 was hungry again 1 judged
about six hours had passed.

  When I was sleepy 1 lay down to rest,
and when 1 awoke, according to my cal-
culation, about eight hours had passed.

   So it was, according to my calculation,
1 had been rumbling along about three
days. I was growing stiff and cramped,
and wished 1 could run about and ease
up my muscles.

  Then there came some more jolts and
jars. We were shifting or being put
into another train. I didn’t care. I
knew we were going to San Francisco.

  Again there came the steadiness of
onward motion, and the speed seemed
greater than before.

  We had gone on thus for two meals,
my only clock and calendar, when there
was a terrific shock that hurled me
against the front end of the car, and then
another,and a crunching,grating sound,
and before 1 could realize.what had hap-
pened the ear swung to one side, swayed
from right to left, and then turned
turtle.

  I heard the splintering of wood, but
the weight of the cotton as the car stood
on its head almost killed me, and I be-
came unconscious.

  When at last 1 recovered conscious-
ness 1 was not lying under the cotton in
the top of the car, but on top of it. The
cotton had been disarranged, and the
car was light.

  I crawled to the edge of the load and
found that the strain from rolling down
some embankment or falling from a
trestle had sprung the door. One bale
of cotton was missing.

  I reached out and got my jute bag,
with what was left of my eatables, and
worked my way down to the door. I lost
my hold on the cotton and slipped. I
fell on the missing bale of cotton, which
had fallen under the door.

  The air was warm and dry. I took
a few deep breaths to fill out my lungs
after the stifling air of the car and then
looked about me.

  Three cars lay there, mine alone right

      8	A

side up. One was on its side and the
third was completely upside down.

  There had evidently been a rear-end
collision, for the back of the last ear
was smashed. The platform was gone
and the iron ladder twisted into all
kinds of shapes.

  The track was about fifty feet above
me, and the bank down which the cars
had plunged was torn and plowed up by
the weight of the loads.

  I clambered to the top and gazed upon
the veriest scene of desolation it had
ever been my lot to look upon. There
was not a house in sight, uot a barn—
nothing that looked like a habitation.

  Acres of withering grass was all I
could see, waving in a wind that was
hot enough to bake it without the aid
of a blistering sun.

  I looked as far as I could see in every
direction aud could not make out a sign
of anything alive.

  “ Well/' 1 said to myself, “ I am no
worse off if I can reach some kind of
town and learn where I am. This is not
Louisiana, that is certain. It’s a cinch
I’m in Texas.”

  I stood for a moment longer contem-
plating the scene.

  “ Funny they left the cars,” I said.
“ But there’s nobody here to steal the
cotton. I suppose they will send a gang.
.Now, then, which way to the nearest
station ? If I go back I am going far-
ther away from Mackinville. If I go
forward I draw nearer Arizona.’’

  Forward I started, my jute bag over
my shoulder. It was some lighter than
it had been. 1 wondered what 1 should
have done if the stuff had not lasted till
I reached San Francisco.

  1 trudged on and on and grew parched
with thirst. I saw no signs of water
until I had gone perhaps five miles.
Then I perceived a few trees ahead, and
trudged on joyfully, for the lines on
which they grew told me they were be-
side a little stream.

  x\nd I found it so. I discovered a
shady spot under a tree right at the side
of a brook, and sat down to eat. First
I quenched my thirst, and then 1 opened
a can of beef and a can of tomatoes.
Putting salt and pepper on these, I
made a first-class meal and drank my fill
of the sweet water.
114

THE ARGOSY.

   I washed the two cans thoroughly,
 filled them with water, and journeyed
 on.

   I walked., I suppose, ahout four miles
 more, drinking from the cans when
 thirsty. Then I saw ahead a shanty
 on the side of the track. Going some
 distance farther, I saw a house and a
 little store.

   “ At last,” 1 said to myself joyinlly,
 “ I am in luck. I won’t have to sleep
 out in the desert to-night. Wonder
 what place that is.”

   The first building I reached was the
 little box-like affair- near the track. The
 door stood open, and looking inside 1
 saw a man of about forty silting there
 with his feet on a box and a pipe in his
 mouth.

 ” Do, stranger. Tramped fui-?” was
 his greeting.

 ••Not very far/' I answered; “only
 from the wreck.”

 ” Holv smoke! Did they leave you
 behind?”

 “ Yes. But I don't mind a little
 thing like that.”

 “ Come in. I’ll flag a train fer ye.'”
 “But I have lost everything. My
 baggage and money and ticket are all in
 the train/”

   This was a Taudom shot, for 1 did not
 know whether it was a passenger train
 or another freight that hit us.

   Wall, ye kin git them any time.
 Ill explain ter the conductor.”

   I began to feel as if 1 had been hurled
 into luck after all.

   “ What place is this? ” I asked.
 “This yar place? Why, this is
 Green's Corners.”

   “ Are you the station-master?”

   “ Wall, sorter. Ye see this ain't noth-
 in^ but a flag station. I’m all they is to
 it/’

   “ I see a store. Whose is that? ”

   “ Oh, that store over yer? That’s
 Green's.”

   “Post office?”

   “ Yep. Mail oncet a week.”

   ** Who lives in that house over there
 on the knoll ? ”

   “ Oh, that one over there ? Green
 lives thar.”

   “ I? that the only house around ? ”

   “ Oh, they’s some farms along ther
 road.”

  “ I see. And Green keeps the store.
Where do you live?”

  “ I live over thar in Green’s house.”
He took aim at a huge fly and its life
went out in a flood of tobacco juice.

  “ Oh, board with him, eh? ”

  “ Nope. Ain’t rich enough to board
nowhar. I’m jest Green.”

  “ Oh, I understand now,” I said.
“And is Green’s Corners in Texas?”

  *“ Yep. Jest a few miles this side er
Hewsting.”

  I did not ask him which side of Hous-
ton we were on, but wondered.

  “ You look like a likely feller,” he
said. “ What you carry in’ that bag
fer?”

  “ I found it down the track. Some
tramp had it, of course. 1 found some
canned goods in it. There are cans of
beef, some of salmon, and some of to-
matoes.”

  “ Do tell! Wall, wall! Pretty good
livin’ fer a tramp! Must ha’ stole
’em.”

  “Yes. The cans are not touched.
They could go right on your shelves, Mr.
Green.”

  “ By gol, they could! Don't ye want
’em ? ”

  “No. Yon see, I don’t know the
country very well. I am going out to
take a look at a big ranch I own in Ari-
zona. You don’t think there will be
any trouble about the train, do you, Mr.
Green? ”

  “ Naw. ’Tain’t like askin’ fer a ride.
You paid fer a ride, an’ ther company
went an’ dumped vou off in the desert,
ni fix that.”

  “ Was the passenger engine hurt
much ? ”

  “ Bunged up pretty well. Yes,
bunged up, but she could go on. They'll
send a gang back after the cars.”

  “ About how far is this from Ari-
zona?” I asked the accommodating Mr.
Green.

  “ I d'now exact It’s a long wav.”

  “ Will there be a passenger train to-
day ? ”

  “ Not a good one. Not yourn. You
jest wait to my house oven night and let
me fix yer up.”

  I accompanied Mr. Green to his store.
Apparently nothing had been disturbed
in some time, for every thing was covered
THE HOODOO RANCH.

115

with dust. But dust gets into every-
thing down here, and 1 doubt man's
ability to keep it out for one day. I
enjoyed a bountiful supper and found
Airs. Green an affable and pleasant
woman.

  We chatted during the evening, heard
a local go by, and Mr. Green remarked
that a freight would be due soon. This
was their life, listening for trains that
seldom stopped.

  Bacon and creamed potatoes, good
coffee and a great plate of luscious ber-
ries with cream made a fair breakfast.
At ten o'clock the passenger came along,
and Mr. Green flagged it. The con-
ductor wanted to know what was up.

  “ Yer see, conductor,” said Mr.
Green, u this gent was on the express
what run inter that freight yistiddy. lie
got out ter look, en ther dura tiling
went off an’ left him.

  “ He walked here an’ stayed all night.
He had first-class passage with cowpons
fur meals an’ sleeper. But everything
is in that train. He ain’t got no money
ner ticket ner nothin’.”

  u That’s a bad predicament to be in
out here,” said the conductor, smiling.
“ I suppose about ten thousand damages
might satisfy you? ”

  I knew this was a feeler.

  “ I don’t want damages,” I replied,
“ so much as 1 do haste. I am wanted
at Mackinville, Arizona, where I own
extensive properties. 1 really ought to
be there now.”

  “ I guess the company will stand by
what I do,” he said. “ 1 have room, so
come with me. I’Ll drop you at Mack-
inville.”

  Luxury, thou art a jewel.

  I received a Pullman seat, a ticket for
a sleeper, and a meal check.

  “ Make yourself perfectly at home,”
said the conductor. u You are as wel-
come to all the comforts just the same
as though you had bought that ticket.
My report will cover that.”

  “ Richard,” I said, as the train sped
on, “ once in awhile the devil takes care
of his own. He seems to be a friend of
yours.”

  There.was no more trouble after that.

I lived sumptuously and slept well. And
eventually, having ridden through cac-
tus, mcsquite and drifting sands, the

t rain slowed up at a little station where
I knew an express would not stop.

     “ This is Mackinville,” said the con-
 ductor. “ Good-by. Hope you have
 had a pleasant ride.”

     Very, and I thank 3'ou,” I said.

 For once 1 had told the truth.

     I alighted from the car and looked
 around.

 Mackinville seemed to be pretty much
 on the straggle; the streets were
 crooked, and there were more street-
 than were necessary for the accommo-
 dation of the number of houses.

 There was a general store, and the
 post office was in that. In the next
 building there was a dentist, and next a
 drug store. Then a one-story affair,
 with the sign on the door:

JAFFRY & JONES, ATTORNEYS.

 I walked into the office. A tall, raw-
 boned man sat in a wooden chair, read-
 ing a legal paper.

 “ I am Richard Wallace,” I said. “ Is
 this Mr. Jaffry ? ”

 “No. I’m Jones. Glad to see you,
 Mr. Wallace. Your hand. Glad to see
 you. Jaffry is out to lunch. He'll be
 back. Sit down.”

 Mr. Jaffry came in soon alter my
 arrival. Jones introduced me.

 “ Ha, ha! Did you get bit on cot-
 ton ? ” laughed Jaffiry.

 (f Cotton! I never speculate in cot-
 ton.”

 “ See that! Hear that, Jones! Ke
 never does. What did I tell your That
 fellow in New Orleans was an impostor.”

 Then he told me all about it.

 “ 1 would never think of asking a
 favor of a stranger,” I said.

 We got down to business pretty
 quickly.

 I cared little to hear how my uncle
 died. I was satisfied that he had died
 at all. I wanted to get out to my ranch
 where I could breathe like a free man,
 the owner of all he surveys.

 I gave them the letter, the certificate
 and my father’s picture.

 “By Jove, Jones, that looks enough
 like old Tom to lie himself when he was
 young,” said Mr. Jaffry.

 The evidence was sufficient and Jaffry
 said:

 “ Mr. Jones will take you out to the

I
116

THE ARGOSY.

ranch. By the way. Mr. Wallace, yon
will perhaps want a legal adviser. Many
do around here. We should be pleased to
have you for a client.

  £' Then count me as one,” I said. " It
I need a lawyer, Mr. Jaffry, I shall call
on you.”

  <k Thank you.7’

  A boy brought a buckboard to the
door. It was drawn by two Texas
ponies, tough, wiry, but not at ail
handsome.

  " The proper papers will be prepared
to-morrow, Mr. Wallace, and we will
drive out to see you.”

  “ All right, Mr. Jaffry; I’ll be on the
lookout for you.”

  I got into the buckboard after Jones.
1 asked him all sorts of questions, elicit-
ing the following information: My
ranch contained two thousand acres. It
lav to the westward of Mackinville about
twenty miles. Mackinville was the
nearest post office, though there were a
few small villages between.

  The ponies trotted away at a good
gait. The road was dusty. I was
parched again. The air was too dry
after a life in Xew York. My throat
filled with dust.

  We passed mesquite groves and great
cacti grouped together as if for mutual
protection.

  As we decreased the distance between
us and my ranch, the scenery grew more
desolate. We reached a place where
there was not a house in sight. Grass
was growing and cattle were nibbling at
it. But it was withered with the baking
sun and had little if any nourishment
in it.

  There was a line of mesquite with a
break in it. We drove through the
break.

  Here was a small adobe dwelling, one
storv high, big enough for two rooms if
the rooms were very small.

  Desolation was rife. Not a bit of
water, not a spear of grass that had not
been blighted by the heat.

    This,” said Jones grandiloquently,
waving his hand all around him, “'is
your splendid property. This house the
old man built himself.”

  My heart sank down into the heel of
one of my shoes. This—this vista of
drifting sand and smothered grass—my

fortune! This pile of mud my home!
Not a soul to speak to!

  I got down from the buckboard and
swallowed hard. It was tough. The
old fool did have a grudge against me,
after all.

  1 thought of New York with its bril-
liant lights, the display of fine dresses
on the avenues, the places of amuse-
ment, the sparkling conversation at the
Press Club, to which I still belonged,
and then—miles upon miles of desert, a
lot of scrawny, starving cattle, a few
sheep that were dying, and a mud hut
to live in—alone.

  I had ten cents in my pocket.

  “ You’re a lucky man, Wallace,” said
Jones. “ You’ve got the biggest ranch
in Arizona.”

  “ It looks to me,” 1 said as I contem-
plated the vast waste, “ that my uncle
has left me all of Arizona. Who owns
what’s left ? ”

  Jones laughed and drove away, leav-
ing me alone—alone with my big ranch
near Mackinville, Arizona.

CHAPTER VI.

I STUMBLE UPON A MYSTERY.

  I watched the disappearing buck-
board as Jones drove dow?n the lane to
the mesquites, and when he had turned
into the main road I laughed a grim,
sardonic laugh.

  “ At last,” 1 said, “ I am monarch of
all I survey.”

  For a moment the spirit of desolation
seized me. But I was not of a despair-
ing nature, and soon rallied.

  “ There is this much about it,” I told
myself; “ Richard, the old man left you
this ranch probably because he didn’t
have anything any worse to leave. 1
wonder if he planted a curse anywhere
around here. The future will tell that.
Now, Richard, explore your magnificent
palace.”

  To tell the truth, 1 was somewhat
agreeably surprised when 1 entered the
place. From the outside the house
looked more like a heap of sun-baked
mud than a habitation. The entrance
had no door, but was simply an irregular
opening so low that 1 had to stoop to
get inside.
THE HOODOO RANCH.

117

  This led to a room larger than the
entire thing seemed to be from an outer
view. In this room there was a bed and
two wooden chairs and a small table.
On this table there were a few old papers
on agriculture and grazing.

  In a corner there was a mesquite bush
cut to form a sort of lial 1-tree, and on
this there hung a coat, a sombrero, an
old rifle, and a pistol. Near the tree
stood a pair of heavy boots.

  The next room was about the same in
size, and in this there was a table and
two wooden chairs of the same make
as those in the first room. Around the
walls were pegs on which hung sides of
bacon, a couple of hams, bunches of
sage, dried apples, and other things I
did not recognize.

  In one corner of this room, the
kitchen, a crude attempt had been made
to build a closet in a corner. This was
a triangular affair, with a door. On
opening this, I discovered some dishes,
knives, forks, and spoons.

  A few pots and pans were hanging
near the old cook-stove that stood at
one side, its chimney being a hole in
the roof through which the stove-pipe
went up straight.

  The spirit of adventure that seemed
to go with the rest of my experience now
settled upon me and 1 began to relish
the joke my uncle had played on me.

   I had gone to a terrific lot of trouble
to reach that ranch. 1 had worked like
a slave on a ship; had smothered in
cotton; had lied; owed Vidal three
weeks' board; and now that I was here
I determined to make the best of it.

  “ At any rate,” I said, " I must have
some cattle and sheep. If the worst
comes, I can eat them.”

  What bothered me was I saw no men.
I wondered where Miguel, my superin-
tendent, was.

  1 was hungry. I hustled around, and
back of the house found a small pile of
gnarled pine sticks unfit for anything
bitt firewood. 1 took some of these and
found an old paper, and soon had a roar-
ing fire.

  I sliced some bacon, and found some
potatoes and cooked a couple of them.
I found coffee, tea, and sugar. Half a
can of condensed milk was also in the
cupboard.

  “ I'll get along, I reckon ” I said to
myself.

  Supper over, it was growing dark and
1 began to feel rather lonesome. 1 lit
my pipe, for with all my poverty I was
never without a little tobacco, and went
outside to smoke.

  1 took a chair with me, and tilting
against the adobe wall, leaned back and
contemplated my future life.

  “ It isn't going to be the most hila-
rious in the world,” I said to myself.
“ But it is a living, and I’ll wring some-
thing from this old grass bakery before
I am through with it.”

  I heard the soft patter of an unshod
horse, and turning saw a dark-featured
fellow, apparently about my own age,
galloping toward me.

  “You take him easy, that life,
senor,” he said.

  “ I feel as if I could take anybody's
life without any trouble at all,” I re-
plied. “ Live around here?”

  He laughed, showing two rows of
white teeth.

  “ Yes, I live here. But you! Senor,
you make free.”

  " Well, confound it, the thing, is mine,
so I suppose I can lean against it.
Everything seems to be lean around
here.”

  “Ho! Then you are Seiior Wal-
lace ! ”

“ Well, I suppose I am a senor to you.
1 own this blooming ranch, any way.”
“Good! Yer' good. I am Miguel
Sebastian. I was superintendent for
the old man.”

  “Oh, you are Miguel, eh? Well, let
me congratulate you on the fact that
you speak English a heap better than
you write it.”

  “ Si, sehor. I talk with men and
learn, but 1 never went to school.”

  “ So that’s it. Well, Miguel, get off
that horse, get a chair, and let's con-
verse happily upon the situation. Let
us commune with each other about cat-
tle and sheep, and sing a dittv about
‘ the desert life is the life for me.5
Come, Miguel. Light up and talk."

  He was applying a match to a
cheroot.

  He let the horse wander where it
would and got a chair, placing it near
mine.
'THE ARGOSY.

  “ Are von the only in an on the

 ranch ? ” I inquired.

  “ Oh, no, senor. Many. My brother,
he is in charge of the horses and sheep
in the hills. His name is Manuel.
Then Jose Niclco, he is with three boys
down with the cattle, and I am there
also. But I see to all, senor; 1 see to
all.”

  “ I have no doubt yon are faithful.
 How many head of cattle have we ? ”

  “ Two thousand.’'’

  “Thar’s a lot. How many sheep?”
  “ One thousand.”

  “ Wow! How many horses ?

  “Five hundred ponies.’’

  “Good. How many hogs?”

  “ No hogs only a half-breed who eats
 everything. His name it is Dumfer.
 He is no good. He is with Manuel.”

  “ Then the ranch is really worth
something.”

  “Oh. yes; ver’ good ranch for Ari-
zona. Some time much rain, then grass
good an’ wool good. The cattle they
get fat. Good money then. This year,
no rain, wool coarse an’ short. No good.
Wait till rain come, then be good.’’

  “ Any neighbors ? ”

  “ Such a way, like that,” he said,
pointing toward the north, “ Mr. Be-
thune. Ver’ nice man; ver’ nice. An’
the senorita ver’ nice.”

  “ How old is this very nice girl ? ”
 “Oh, some time twenty; maybe
 twenty-two.”

  1 looked around me again. If this
wasn’t a dandy place for a girl twenty-
two years old, I was willing to swallow a
lump of my own ranch. I had swallowed
some, any way..

   **' Look here,” I said, “ I can’t find any
 drinking water.”

  “ Not here. Old man he never drank
any water. He get whisky down to
Mackinville.”

  “ That was his drink, eh? But what
about making coffee and tea. I found
in a barrel outside some water that
looked and tasted like stagnant rain
water. I used some. It wouldn’t hurt
after it was boiled."

  “ Old man he earn- water from the
creek. Over there. Yes, deep, some
place*. Big falls. Pretty place.”

  “ We must improve that. That
won’t do. Where do you sleep ? ”

  “ We got a little shack down in
meadow. Yes, logs. We live in that.”

  “ I think you had better move in with
me. Then we can talk over matters
evenings.”

  “ As you say, senor.”

  He rode away about nine, and being
wear}' after my day of excitement and
the ioug ride, I went to bed. I slept
like a iog, scarcely stirring. Once I
heard a peculiar cry, as of a dog. I
learned afterward that it was the cry of
a hungry coyote.

  In the morning while I was getting
breakfast I heard the clatter of hoofs
again, and went to the door. It wras
Miguel, and he had a fine young pony
with him, saddled and bridled.

  “ You take a look at your ranch,
senor?” he asked. “I brought a pony
for you.”

  “ I thank you, Miguel. Have }rou had
your breakfast?”

  “Yes, I have had breakfast, senor.
Shall I wait for you? ”

  “ Yes.”

  I swallowed my breakfast, got on the
pony’s back and we started off.

  1 shall not go into a wearisome de-
tailed account of my long, dusty7 ride
over my possessions. It was in reality
a vast domain. Had it been well
watered, undoubtedly it would make its
owner rich.

  There was about as much prospect of
making it better as there was of
carrying it to New York.

  For a mile on the south the line ran
straight, marked by pine posts painted
white, set at such a distance from one
another that from any one you could
see another in either direction. Then
there was a peculiar turn and it ran on
a slant to. the north, and the northern
boundary was irregular.

  The eastern boundary was the main
road that led from Mackinville to Pres-
cott, having turned from a westerly
to a northerly direction at Santa Rosa.

  My ranch comprised all sorts of land.
There were hills covered with pine.
There was a gorge through which a
pretty stream tumbled and foamed.
The gorge was about a hundred feet
deep in some places and in others less
or more. The stream, so Miguel told me,
emptied into the Colorado.
THE HOODOO RANCH.

119

  I saw my herds, and though they were
thin they did-not seem to he in a weak
condition.

  I left Miguel talking to Manuel, his
brother, and jogged toward a house I
saw not a great distance from rny bor-
der. Miguel told me it was where Mr.
Bethune lived, and I wanted to get
acquainted with my nearest neighbor.

  As I clattered up to the door, a girl
with her face out of sight in a huge sun-
bonnet was just coming from the door
with a pail, evidently going after water.
She heard my horse, gave a startled
glance, and ran back into the house.

  The house itself was a much more
comfortable looking one than mine. It
was built of logs, and very substantially
built, too.

  In a moment a tottering old man
came to the door. In his hand there
was a pistol.

  “ Not going to shoot before you know
me, are you? ” I asked as I dismounted.

  The old man looked at me a moment
with dim e}7es.

  “ Thank God! ” he cried. “ I thought
you were De Paro.”

  Then he turned and tottered back
into the house.

  “ Eunice! Eunice! ” he said. “ It is
not De Paro. Thank God ! ”

  “ But to-morrow—to-morrow! Oh,
my God! ” I heard the girl sobbing.

  “ It is evident, Richard/’ 1 said to
myself, ie that there is something radi-
cally wrong here, and especially with
De Paro. I am not acquainted with 1
Senor De Paro, but whoever he is he
is persona non grata, in this place. Well,
do we go in, or return home to wonder
what the trouble is ? ”

  1 stood debating with myself when
the old man came out.

  “ Stranger,” he said in a trembling
voice, “ won’t you come in?”

  I tied my pony to a stake near the
door and entered. The girl had east
aside her sunbonnet, and I saw that she
had been weeping. Not merely the
little show of emotion she had exhibited
upon my arrival, but there were tear
stains and pale cheeks and other evi-
dences that some great trouble was on
her mind.

  The old man was just the same. His
dim old eyes were filled with tears when

 lie looked at the girl, and his voice broke
 into a quaver every few minutes.

   I could not, as a stranger, ask what
 was the trouble, as they were evidently
 trying to keep it from me. Still I knew
 that nothing short of a tragedy would
 •catise so much emotion.

   The conversation was short, and I
 introduced myself first, saying that
 Miguel had informed me they lived
 there.

   When I left, the old man followed me
 to the door.

   He stood wringing his hands as if in
 agony, and whispered:

   M Will you be at home in the morn-
 ing, sit—or perhaps this evening? ”

   “ This evening, any way,” I an-
 swered.

   “ Don’t speak so loud—she will hear.
 I will come and see you before dark.
 May 1V ”

   “ I shall be glad to have you come
 at any time,” I said.

   Greatly amazed at what seemed to be
 an indication of some terrible anxiety
 oil the part of the old man and the girl,
 I rode homeward.

   “ Any way,” I said, “ Eunice is a
 pretty girl, Eunice is a pretty name, and
 I’ll do anything the old man wants me
 to. There! What a fierce resolve! ”

   I laughed, and got myself a bite to
 eat.

CHAPTER VII.

LISTED TO A STRANGE STORY AND
SPEND A TERRJJ3LE MOMENT.

   I was sitting with my chair tilted
 back against my beautiful adobe house
 about half-past four, when I saw the old
 man coming along the road. He was
 driving a pony to a buckboard, and
 through the mesquite I could watch his
 bent old form. His head would every
 few minutes drop on his breast and then
 he would shake it sadly.

   Reaching the mesquite gate, he'turned
 in and I rose to greet him.

   “ You kept your word, Mr. Bethune,”
 I said.

   He stepped down from the buckboard
 and l<jft the pony to his own devices.

   “ Ah, Mr. Wallace,” he began, “ if you
 had carried the load that I have had on
 my heart for two years, and had afcen
120

THE ARGOSY.

to-day the first frank and manly face,
the first face you could trust, in all that
time, you would keep your word also.
Yes, thank vou, I will sit down. I am
not as strong as I was once.

  That was an evident fact. The poor
old fellow sank into a chair, and to my
utter amazement burst into tears.^

  “ Poor Eunice! Poor Eunice! ’ he
moaned. “A ruined life! 1 see it! A
life of degradation and misery with an
evil man! Oh, my God! ”

  “ Mr. Bethune,” I said, “ don’t take
it so hard. If you wish to tell me any-
thing, let me hear it. Perhaps I can
help you out/’

“ Ah! Perhaps you can. Let me
ask you, sir, are you a married man?”
“No, sir,” I answered with a laugh.
*• 1 have not met the lady yet—that is,
to know it.”

  “ 1 am an old man. My head is full
of fanciful ideas, but you must excuse
me,” he said. “You would he better
married.”

  I laughed. Putting my hand in my
pocket, I felt the ten-cent piece, all I
possessed. I was going to show it to
him, hut he broke in.

  “ I came to tell you a story, Mr. Wal-
lace—to ask your help, your advice, and
perhaps a sacrifice. I am bewildered—
strangely bewildered. But let me begin.
You will see that there is enough at this
time almost to make me insane.”

  I filled and lit my pipe again, and told
him to proceed.

  “Mr. Wallace.” he began, “up to four
years ago I was a happy man, living with
my son, his wife, and Eunice, their
daughter, in a pretty’ home in Missis-
sippi. My son was named John, and
my own name is William.

  “John became dissatisfied with con-
ditions there, and having read of the
enormous profits in sheep-rasing here,
he came out and purchased the ranch
upon which we live now. Of course you
see the land is of poor quality, owing
to lack of water. We had no money,
and could not improve the natural con-
ditions. My son’s wife could not en-
dure the loneliness and soon pined
away. After that, my son was not the
same. He took to drink and spent much
of his time in Mackinville.

  ‘‘There he met companions that were

not good for him, and at times they
would come out to the ranch and all
day Sunday would drink and play .cards.
My son grew so bad that I was afraid
Eunice would sicken and die, she wept
so much.

  “ Then, two years ago, the awful
thing happened. Among the boon com-
panions my son had found at Mackin-
ville was a Mexican named De Paro.
Frederick De Paro was perhaps the
worst of the lot. He was not a bad-
looking fellow, but a dare-devil, unscru-
pulous when it was necessary to get
somebody out of his way—in fact, a
perfect scoundrel.

  “ He was apparently rich, and it was
said that he got his wealth by stealing
cattle. At any rate, it was known that
he was the chief of a gang of Mexicans
that infested the border, always making
trouble. Well, one Sunday they were
all out at the ranch, six of them, drink-
ing heavily and betting high. My son
had already lost his little savings.

  “ Among the others was the sheriff,
lie was a rough man, but not a wicked
one. But he traveled with a bad lot,
and he, too, drank a great deal. Toward
night the game was almost a frenzied
one. Horses and cattle were wagered
on the cards, and one man wagered his
farm and lost. A week later he shot
himself.

  “ My son John had lost all control of
himself, but De Paro never did that,
lie was always cool and calculating, and
never lost an opportunity that showed
itself.

  “ I had sent Eunice away to the front
of the house so that she would not hear
their coarse, vile language. I watched
them, for I did not know what they
would do.

  “ ‘ 1 am out! ’ I heard my son say. c I
am busted!3

     You’ve got a ranch and plenty of
cattle/ said De Paro.

  “ You see, Mr. Wallace, the ranch and
stock were all mine. He could not bet
that.

  “ ‘ Well.’ I heard De Paro say to my
son, £ if you can't bet the place, bet the
girl. I like her. She is pretty, and I
want a wife, any way. Bet the girl.
I’ll put up a thousand dollars against
her.’
rilE HOODOO RANCH.

121

  " My son eagerly leaped at such an
offer because he was drunk.

  “c I protest!’ 1 shouted. ‘It is uot
legal.’

  “ There was a loud, insulting laugh.
Of course they did not care whether it
was legal or not.

  “It was a most exciting game, and
my son lost.

  “ Oh, God, how my old heart throbs
now as I recall the scream that Eunice
gave when John told her she had been
lost to De Taro!

  “ She fell on her knees and implored
him not to sacrifice her to such a man.
But whisky had got the best of John,
and he would not relent.

  “ There was a brother of De Paro in
the crowd. He and John were always
having words. The younger De Paro
did not like John.

  “ They had words that day, and my
son drew his pistol and shot young De
Paro dead.

  “ At first there was consternation.
But the coolness of the living De Paro
was such that the others became calm.
The sheriff was going to arrest John,
but De Paro stopped him.

  “ ‘ Wait,’ he said ; ‘ let me have a few
minutes’ speech with Eunice.’

  “ At that moment there was a clatter
of hoofs and two horsemen rode up.
They were United States officers, and
they wanted De Paro for a crime. They
covered him with revolvers, took him
away, and when they saw the dead body
of his brother they asked who commit-
ted the murder. The sheriff showed
his badge.

  “ 4 I’ve got him all right,’ said he.

  “ ‘ Gentlemen, I know what you want
me for/ said De Paro. ‘ You’ve got the
drop on me, and 1 will go. But first I
want to talk to the girl who is to be my
wife. Just a moment/

  “ ‘ Hurry up/ said one of the officers.

  “ De Paro went in where Eunice was
crying Herself sick and tried to calm her.
He said he would be kind to her. He
said the marriage could not be at once,
any way, for two men were going to take
him on a long journey for awhile. It
was for cattle-stealing on the Indian
reservations.

  <e He called for a pen and some paper
and he wrote. Oh, do you know what

he wrote? He wrote to the effect that
she was to be his wife; that her father
had killed his brother, and that unless
she agreed to marry him the day he re-
turned he would shoot her father, her
grandfather—that’s myself—and carry
her off to Mexico, where he would keep
her so she could never escape.

  vC The poor girl was in terror. She
was white and .trembling, and the
thought of her father being hanged for
murder impelled her to do the bidding
of De Paro. She signed that paper,
promising to become his wife on the day
he was liberated.”

  The old man stopped and a sob broke
from him. I sat silent, pondering upon
the question whether such a promise
was good for anything or not.

  “ Did your son die ? ”

  “That, sir, I do not know. He got
worse, and one day went to Mackinville
and never came back. We have .not
given him up for dead.”

  The story had stirred me greatly. I
knew the kind of man De Paro must be,
without soul or conscience, and to pic-
ture pretty Eunice Bethune the slave of
such a one was revolting.

  “ Now, Mr. Bethune,” I said, “ tell me
just what you think I can do to help
you and Eunice.”

  “ Ah ! My head is old and full of fan-
cies. I did think something when I
saw how manly, how honest you looked,
and how strong. But it would be too
great a sacrifice.”

  “ No sacrifice would be too great if by
it I could insure your happiness,” I
said.

  “ What I thought, in my old. head,”
came the quavering voice, “ was if you
should take the right to protect Eunice.
I am old. One day, not far from now, I
shall lie down and never wake.
Eunice then must light the world alone,
which she could not do. She is a good
girl, educated and pretty. She would
make a good wife. I thought if you
should marry her before De Paro came
he would be afraid of you when he
would'not of an old man like me.”

  I was stunned for a minute. This
was certainly a strange request, yet as I
looked upon the wild surroundings, the
uncivilized setting in which the girl was
placed, 1 could not wonder at it.
122

THE ARGOSY.

  “ Mr. Bethune, 1 am a poor man, I
paid. “ 1 have this ranch and just ten
cents to my name."

  « You have a big ranch. At your age
it ought to make no difference whether
you have money or not. Eunice is a
hard worker. W hen I die she will have
that ranch of a thousand acres. Y ours
is two thousand. You will be rich
enough, you two.”

  -	But,” I stammered, “ would Eunice
consent? ”

  “ Would she ? Consent to marry you ?
When she knows that she must marry
De Paro to-morrow? If she does not,
she will be worse off. 1 shall be killed,
but I care little for that. My tirnc has
almost come. But. with you 1 know my
Eunice would be safe.”

  “If Eunice wishes it to be so, Mr.
Bethune, I will do it,” I said.

  I had become so reckless that I was
ready for anything.

  I saw some difficulty ahead, but at
least the marriage would be legal. It
would give me the right to protect the
girl if anything did happen to the old
man.

  At my reply his eyes closed and a
bland smile of happiness came upon his
face. He slowly rose to his feet. He
held out a trembling hand to me and I
took it.

   He tried to speak, but his voice failed.
He swayed with glad emotion or weak-
ness, and I tried to help him into the
buckboard. 1 heard him make a
peculiar noise.

  I looked at him. His eyes were star-
ing at me, and he was evidently trying
to say something. An ashen gray color
had spread over his face.

  “ It will be all right, Mr. Bethune.” I
said.

  I was alarmed at his condition.

  He understood. The poor, worn-out
heart gave way and he sank back against
me—dead.

CHAPTER Yin.

I ITT7NT UP THE WRONG MAN.

  Here was a predicament that I had
not bargained for. I now had my work
cut out for me, and no mistake. It was
growing dark, and Eunicc was alone. I
supposed they had men on the ranch, the

same as I had, but none to protect her at

 the house.

 I wanted Miguel then worse than I
 had wanted money in New Orleans.
 But Miguel was nearly a mile away.

 Manuel was nearer. 1 could reach
 him by making a detour to the west on
 my way to Bethune’s house. But I
 could not take the old man very well
 on the buckboard, for it was not a Targe
 one, and the idea was not pleasant.

 1 carried him inside my house and
 placed him in my own bed. Then I
 caught my pony and, leaping into the
 saddle, galloped off.

 1 found Manuel and spoke to him at a
 distance.

 “ Manuel! ” I called.

 “ Si, senor! ”

 “ Take a man with you, get Miguel,
 and go to the house. Mr. Bethune is
 there, dead.”

 For a moment he stood and stared.
 Then with a wild rush he caught a horse
 and, without saddle or bridle, started on
 a wild career to the southward. An-
 other of my pony herders followed, and
 1 went on my way to Bethune’s. Eunice
 was standing in the door as I rode up,
 and her face showed great anxiety.

 “ Mr. Wallace, have you seen my
 grandfather?” she asked.

 I dismounted before I replied.

 “Yes, Miss Bethune,” I said, “he
 came over to see me.”

“ About—about-”

 “ Yes, about to-morrow.”

 “ What did he say? ”

 “ Sit down and I will tell you.”

 She sat down and looked at me in a
 way that seemed almost terror-stricken.

 I repeated just what the old man had
 told me, and she said it was all true.

 “ Now, Miss Bethune, he asked me to
 assume the right to protect you.”

 “ How can you? ”

 “ Well, his idea was for me to ask you
 to be my wife. If you consented, it
 would give me the right. If you did
 not consent, of course I could do noth-
 ing any more than any friend.”

 She shrank from me.

 “ But 1 do not know you. You do not
 know me.”

 “ I explained all that to Mr. Bethune.
 But he seemed to think it was the only
 way out.”
THE HOODOO RANCH.

123

  « And you ? ”

  “Well, as for me, I am the gainer,
since I get a wife. I do not ask you,
thinking that you wish to marry a man
you have seen only a few minutes and
never heard of before. That would be
preposterous. But our ranches are
close together, you knew my uncle, and
if you like you can get my record from
New York.

   “ On the other hand, there is De Paro,
and now you have no one but me to
rely on.”

  “Yes; grandfather is old. lie can-
not do much.”

  “ Miss Bethune, when your grand-
father had my promise he attempted to
get into his buckboard. But the ex-
citement was too great, and he sank into
my arms, dead.”

  “ Oh ! Oh! Oh! ” she moaned, placing
her hand against her heart. “Alone!
Alone! Helpless and alone! ”

  “ You see now it becomes even more
necessary. You cannot remain alone in
your house. Somebody must protect
you. I do not wish to force myself upon
you, Miss Bethune. If you prefer not
to enter into the matter at all, you must
tell me so. I had not thought of such
a marriage. Perhaps I might in time to
come, but until yom- grandfather asked
me pointblank I had no such thought.
Now, think about it a moment. Take
time.”

  “Oh, take me to grandfather!” she
sobbed.

  I saw then where I had blundered.
T had ridden my horse and left the buck-
board at my place.

  “ Can you manage with this saddle? ”
I asked her.

  “ Yes; anything to get to poor grand-
father!”

   I assisted her, she arranged her skirts,
and we started. We reached the adobe
house, having had very little conversa-
tion on the way.

  Miguel and Manuel stood before the
door.

  “This ver’ bad news, senor!” said
Miguel. “What happened?”

  “ Why, he came Lo see me, and became
somewhat excited, and, as he went to go,
dropped dead.”

  “It was no quarrel?”

  “ No; nothing like that. It was per-

haps more a sudden relief from tension
than anything else—a reaction.”

  Miguel nodded, but probably did not
understand.

  Eunice had rushed into the house, and
I went slowly after her. 1 heard her
sobbing and saw her down on her knees
kissing the dead man's hands.

  “ Grandfather! If it was your wish!
If you said so! 1 will consent! Any-
thing, dear grandfather, lo be free from
De Paro! ”

I went over and stood by her .side,
with my hand resting on her brown hair.
Finally she rose and looked at me.

  “ Mr. Wallace,” she said, and her
voice did not tremble as much as it had,
“ I see nothing before me but darkness.
If my grandfather trusted you, I may
do so. It seems a strange thing to do,
but now I am all alone, and this is not
the place to be left alone. I could per-
haps sell the ranch and go elsewhere,
but nowhere would I be free from De
Paro. 1 have no one to whom I could
go. I must place my confidence in
you.”

  “ It shall not be. misplaced,” I an-
swered. “ I swear it at your grand-
father’s side.”

  She began to weep again.

  “You must be calm,” I said. " We
have much to think of. In the first
place, you must not go back to your
house to-night. I am going to start for
Maclcinville, and will not be back till
some time to-morrow. You see, I can
trust my own men, Miguel and Manuel.
They could not go to your house and
protect you, because they would have
no authority to keep any one out. Here
they have that authority, even to shoot-
ing, if I am absent. So you remain here
to-night, and they will take care of you.

  “ If any one should come to see you
to-night, they would go to your house.
Not finding you, they might return to
Maclcinville or wherever they came
from, and not molest this place at all.
Don’t you think it better for you to re-
main ? ”

  “ I cannot think ” she said. I will
do whatever you advise.”

  “ That is settled, then. Now, Miguel,
you and Manuel remain here to-night
and keep watch. Permit no one to see
Miss Bethune. If any person, I care
124	. THE ARGOSY.

not who, tries to force his way in, shoot
him at the door. Do you understand,

senors ? "

   “ Si, senor.”

  Once more mounting my pony, 1
dashed away.

  It was with a strange tumult within
me that I rode to Mackinville about ten
o'clock that night. The owner of a
big ranch on which three thousand
five hundred animals were slowly starv-
ing to death, with ten cents of work-
ing capital, 1 was going to be married
to-morrow.

  I remembered as I rode into town that
Jones had not kept his promise and had
not come out to see me about the papers
as he had agreed to do. But they could
wait. I wanted to see Jaffry first.
There was a light in the office, and I
went to the door. Dismounting, I
walked in. Jones sat writing.

  “ How are you, Mr. Jones ? ”

  He looked up, and I thought a note of
surprise came into his face and at once
died away again.

  1 hardly expected to see you," he
said, and -I fancied there was a tinge of
restraint in his voice.

  “Where can I find Mr. Jaffry?1
asked.

  “ I am not sure, but he may be over
at the hotel playing pool.”

  “ You did not get out to ray ranch
to-day.”

  “ No/* he said, beginning to write
again. “ 1 was busy.”

  “ Maybe he's got a sore head because
I didn't offer him any money," I said to
myself.

  I walked over to the hotel, and there
was Jaffry with several others playing
pool. A group stood watching the
game.

  1 motioned to Mr. Jaffry, and fancied
a look of annoyance showed itself on
his face. But he came to me.

  “ Mr. Jaffry, tell-me something about
the marriage laws of Arizona.”

  “ Why, they are about the same as
elsewhere,” he replied. “ The cere-
mony performed by a minister or a
justice of the peace is binding.”

  “ Where is the nearest minister?”
I asked.

  He looked at me curiously and as
though amused.

  “ Are you going to be married?” he
asked.

  “ Yes.”

  “ You are in somewhat of a hurry,
don’t you think—the second day you are
here ? ”

  “ The circumstances make it neces-
sary,” I answered.

  “ Oh,” he said, with a smile of sig-
nificance.

  “ Will you tell me where to find the
minister ? ”

  “ Why, yes. The Rev. Mr. Slimpeke.
He lives on Mexico Street, near the
church.”

  Where is that ? ”

  He showed me, and 1 went to see Mr.
Slimpeke.

  The minister took me into his little
room which was called by courtesy a
library.

  “ Sit down,” he said smugly, but with
a tone of inquiry in his voice.

  lie was the kind I never liked. He
was too infernally good. A religion in
which his selfish personality was the
central point stood out all over his every
feature.

  “ Mr. Slimpeke,” I said, “ I am about
to be married to-morrow. It is rather
a sudden call. My name is Wallace. I
live on the ranch that was my uncle’s,
west of here.”

  “ Ah, yes. Um ! Who is the fortu-
nate young lady? ”

  “ Miss Eunice Bethune, on the next
ranch to mine.”

  “Bethune! Eunice Bethune! 1
could not do that! There must be
some mistake. I have already received
a fee to marry Miss Bethune to-morrow
morning at ten o’clock to a Mr. De
Paro.”

  “ Do you know you would be aiding
and abetting in a great crime if you did
that?”

  “Young man, a minister of the Gos-
pel judges his acts by the-”

  “ Money he receives,” I answered.
“ All right. Good-night.'’

             " There is one hope left,” I told my-
          self. “ The justice of the peace. I
          wonder where he is.”

 (To be conlinved.)
 DIXON’S VENETIAN DODGE.

BY MATTHEW WHITE, JR.

An American’s memorable night in Venice, when he took a desperate chance in a daring game

DIXON stepped out on the little bal-
cony and gnashed his teeth as
his eye took in the beauty ol the scene.
Across the Grand Canal the Church of
La Salute stood out in all its transcen-
dant beauty, revealed by the red fires
burning on its steps; countless gondolas
threaded their way in and out of the
space between, while over all the moon
looked down, and across the waters came
the tinkle of mandolins accompanying
an Italian baritone in the toreador
song from “ Carmen.”

  It was Dixon’s first night in Venice,
an experience to which he had been
looking forward ever since February,
when his passage had been taken, and
here he was—alone.

  It had been arranged that he was to
join the Van Brunts in Austria. He
and the girls had read up and thought
up and talked up this particular evening
all the trip across, and while business
detained Dixon in London, he had kept
in frequent touch with them by letter
and post-card while they made the
grand tour, and now Mrs. Van Brunt
had fallen ill in Vienna, the girls could
not leave her, and so Dixon found a
telegram in Innsbruck to inform him
that they could not go into Italy just
then.

  And it was equally impossible for him
to wait, lie was to sail back from Cher-
bourg on the following Sunday, and as
his tour tickets had been bought there
was nothing for it but for him to go on
by himself .

  He was thinking ruefully of what
might have been, and trying to decide
whether there would be an atom of
pleasure in taking a lonely gondola ride,
when his attention was caught by a pet-
ulant exclamation in the room behind
him.

  “ I think it was very inconsiderate of
the Keelers to leave Italy out at the
eleventh hour in this way. Here we are
cooped up on this glorious night because

we haven’t a man to go out with us. No,
mother, I’ll just sit "here and read. It
only exasperates me to look at some-
thing when I can’t be part of it.”

  Dixon turned and saw a girl he had
noticed when they changed cars that
afternoon at Verona. She was a stun-
ning creature, and he had not known
till now that she and her mother had
come to his hotel.

  The mother had stepped out on the
other balcony, and the girl had thrown
herself into a chair, which she had
drawn up in such a way that it blocked
his return into the room.

  “ I wonder if I dare.”

  Schemes began to make a wild circuit
of Dixon’s brain. Here they were, a
man and a maid, each from the far-away
home country, each pining for compan-
ionship of the opposite *sex, and yet
placed as far apart as though the whole
Atlantic rolled between, by a mere law
of convention.

  “ No, that won’t do,” he cogitated.
“ Merely asking her to move her chair
a few inches so that I can pass will
scarcely constitute a sufficient excuse
for inviting her and her mother out in
a gondola. No, Hugh Dixon, you must
play high or pass Lhe trick.”

  He might pretend that he had met
her at. some dance at home and forgot-
ten her name, but this was terribly
risky when he didn't even know tho
city from which she hailed. Besides, it
savored too strongly of the conlidence-
man trick as played on the rural visitor
to the metropolis.

  Meanwhile the precious minutes of
his few hours in Venice were Hitting.
He must think of some device and at
once.

  The old lady was absorbed in the gay
scene on the water, the hotel itself ap-
peared to be deserted; every one was
out on the Grand Canal. Dixon turned
and took one more look at the tempta-
tion with its back to him.
THE ARGOSY.

126

  What an entrancing curve of the
cheek that was: and he was sure those
eyes, now fixed so moodily on the three-
weeks-old Tribune, could dance with

                          . . , •

  Suddenly he had an inspiration.
Where was it he had seen the name
Keeler across the end of a dress suit-
case? If he could only recollect that,
the wav might be open.

  Ah, he had it now! It was on the sta-
tion platform at Botzen, where he had
stopped for lunch.

  “ Aleck.” he remembered now hear-
ing the woman say, “ you had better
keep vour eye on that man,” and she
had pointed to a traeyer who was walk-
ing ahead of them with the suit-case in
question.

  ” It’s a mighty insecure peg 011 which
to hang an acquaintance,” Dixon told
himself, “ but I’ll risk it. So here goes.”

  Pate helped him to the extent of his
being obliged to speak to the girl in any
case in order to leave the balcony.

  " I beg pardon,"' he said, keying his
voice to a pitch which he thought would
not reach “ mothers ” ears.

  The young lady started, nevertheless,
as if a cannon had gone off behind her.

  “ Oh!” she exclaimed, leaping to her
feet and turning around so as to face
Dixon. Then, with a relieved look, as
she took in the unmistakable American
cut of his clothes: “ I’m in the way. I’m
very sorry. I didn’t think.”

  She stood aside while Dixon bent over
and moved the chair, stepped into the
room, drew a long breath, and then
made his desperate plunge.

  “ By the way, I believe I met some
friends of yours this meaning.”

  “ You did!” she cried, h?r face
alight. “ Who were they, and .-/here d:d
you meet them? Not here in "Yepiee,
surely.”

  “No, it was back in Austria, at Bot-
zen. Keeler was the name, I think.”

  “How perfectly jolly! Oh, mother,
mother, here is some one who knows the
Keelers,” and she stepped to the other
window and appeared the next instant
with the chaperon iu tow.

  Dixon came up to the scratch in tine
form.

  “ My name is Dixon, Hugh Dixon,”
he said in his easy way. “ 1 am from

New York, and merely ran into the

Keelers in passing.”

  “Yes,” said the old lady, who was
surveying him through her lorgnette in
critical fashion, “ They were to have
met us here, but sent a wire. Was it bad
news from home that caused them to
change their plans?”

  “ Oh, no,” answered Dixon recklessly.
“You see, at the last minute Mrs.
Keeler conceived a terror of Italy in the
hot weather.”

  “ Mercy, do you think there is any
danger?” burst out the old lady, while
at the same instant Dixon noted that
the daughter’s eyes first grew round in
amazement and then began to glint
with the fun-light that he had wanted
to see in them.

  “Not in the least,” he declared.
“You see how delightful it is here, or
at least it would be if we were out in the
moonlight on the Grand Canal. Allow
me to be your escort. 'I think I can
secure a gondola.”

  “ Oh, mother, it would be heavenly! ”
And Dixon Hew to the porter to make
arrangements, fearing to linger lest the
old lady might put more embarrassing
questions regarding his acquaintance-
ship with the Iveelers.

  Once aboard the gondola, Dixon as-
sured “mamma” that as daughter was
the lightest she must sit in the middle,
with himself and mother on either hand
to trim ship, and so the ecstatic evening
began.

  Dixon reeked not of the awful blun-
der he had made, and wilfully shut his
eyes to the fact that he did not evtm
know the names of his companions.
Was he not floating about the Grand
Canal under the moon, with music in
the air, the stones of magnificent Venice
rearing their impressive architecture
about him, and a pretty girl, who was
also clever, by his side? Later, when the
lights on the water began to thin out,
they landed at the Piazzetta, and Dixon
prevailed upon the ladies to take re-
freshments at Florian’s while they lis-
tened to the band play in St. Mark's
Square.

  It was while he was face to face with
“ mamma ” at the small round table
that Dixon’s bad quarter of an hour
began.
DIXON’S VENETIAN DODGE

127

   " It is most fortunate, Mr. Dixon,”
she said, “ that the Keelers told you to
look us up. You see, we have only this
oue night in Venice, and I would not
cousen4' to come out without an escort.
And p or Ethel was most disconsolate.
Did Miss lveeler find the ring she lost
in Paris ? ”

  The perspiration broke out on Dix-
on's forehead, and he wondered in alarm
what would come next.

   “ Who the mischief is Miss Keeler ? ”
he asked himself.

   But he knew that he who hesitates is
lost, so he replied glibly:

   “ No ; not yet. But detectives arc at
work on the case, I believe, with hopes
of success.”

  “ And what have they heard from
home lately? ” went on the old lady.

  “ Oh, Mr. Dixon, I’m sorry,” ex-
claimed Ethel.

  Her glass of water had overturned
and sent a stream trickling over the
table into his lap.

  Damages repaired, “ mamma ” re-
turned to the charge, this time from a
new quarter.

   “ They tell us, Mr. Dixon,” she began,
“ that listeners never hear any good of
themselves, but I should like to have
overheard the Keelers’ description of
us which enabled you to identify us so
readily.”

  “ How absurd, mamma,” broke in
Ethel. “ Don’t you remember those
snap-shots on the ship ? They were very
good indeed. I am sure Mr. Dixon must
needs be very dense indeed if he could
not readily locate us after a glimpse of
them.”

  Dixon did not dare flash her the
grateful glance which was inspired by
her words.

   “ She is either ‘ on to me,’ ” he told
himself, “ or else all the gods in the
world of chance have camped on my
trail.”

  Meantime “ mamma ” was rambling
on.

  “You know we met the Keelers on
the basis of a blunder. We were all
stopping at Narragansett one summer,
and our letters were continually getting
mixed.”

  “You see,” Ethel struck in, “while
Keeler and Riker don’t sound much

alike, they can be made to look so in
writing.”

Dixon fell back in his chair. Could

it be possible?

  “Are you Ethel Riker,” he gasped
in astonishment.

Yes; to be sure I am. And whv

not ? ”	J

  “ And you knew the Gliddens at
Narragansett? ”

   “ They are our best friends,” declared
Mrs. Riker.

   “ Then I’ve carried a letter of intro-
duction to you all over Europe. What
an idiot I’ve been! ”

  “How remarkable!” exclaimed the
chaperon. “ I should have thought that
the letter would have occurred to you
when the Keelers told you to look us
up.”

   “ Yes,” added Ethel wickedly, as Dix-
on fished the letter in question out of
his pocket and handed it over to her
mother, “Mrs. Keeler might better
have been talking about the Gliddens
than telling you about the detectives
she engaged to hunt the ring that
she wrote me her brother found the
very next day. I forgot to tell mamma
of it.”

   Ethel had lowered her voice and was
leaning across the table toward him
while her mother was absorbed in the
letter from Mrs. Glidden.

   “ I believe you were ‘ on ’ from the
first,” whispered Dixon.

   “ You mustn’t talk slang in poetical
Venice,” the other admonished him.
“ Did you say you weren’t leaving until
to-morrow afternoon ? ”

   “ Yes, but we’ll have plenty of time
to do the Doge’s Palace together ? ”—
eagerly.

  “I hope so. You certainly should
make a pilgrimage across the Bridge of
Sighs to groan over your sins of this
evening.”

   “ But isn’t it better to lie a little, as
Blanche Bates used to tell us in ‘The
Darling of the Gods,’ than to be un-
happy much? Besides, maybe I made
two people happy,” he added auda-
ciously.

   I wonder,” rejoined Ethel, with the
glint of mischief again in her eye.
“ Shall we not ask my mother to tell
us?”
DOWNING THE KING-PIN.*

BY MARCUS D. RICHTER.

A conspiracy against a Wall Street manipulator which found itself astray and wrought fear

and frenzy aboard an ocean liner.

SYNOPSIS OF CHAPTERS PREVIOUSLY PUBLISHED.

     The yacht Babbler, belonging to Brandon Burgess, the wealthy Wall Street speculator, lies across the
pier from "the steamer Yantic. Both are ocean bound. Burgess and his secretary, Horace Tarr, are to
take a Mediterranean cruise. Two trunks, both marked H. T. in a diamond, are brought to the pier, ad-
dressed to the Yantic and the Babbler respectively. One is stenciled in red, and one in black.

     The watchman's dog, excited by the constant ticking in one of the trunks, worries off their tags, which
the watchman replaces in reverse order.

     Helen Trainor, her invalid brother Calvin, and her aunt are to sail on the Yantic. Burgess, who is in
love with Helen, decides to send Tarr on their steamer in case that he may be of service. Tarr suggests
his destitute cousin, Ben Crowding, as valet for Trainor. Crowding has been employed in Burgess'
milk, which are shut down, and he is very bitter against him. Tarr has met his cousin in suspicious places,
and notices that he seems ill at ease in Burgess’ presence.

     While befriending a little Italian boy, Angelo, Tarr’s attention is called to an old woman in the steerage
who bears a striking resemblance to Brown, one of Crowding’s suspicious associates. Through Angelo, the
old woman tries to discover Tarr’s identity.

     Miss Trainor finds the wrong trunk has been sent to her stateroom, and asks to have the right one,
stenciled with a black H. T. in a diamond, sent up from the baggage-room. Angelo searches for the trunks,
and reports only a red label of the same style. Ho says something was moving in the trunk.

     On his way back from the baggage-hunt Tarr overhears the conversation of some passengers. By a
Marconigram they have learned that Burgess’ stocks are rapidly falling, and that he has left the city.
Pondering this, he notices Angelo thrust a note into Crowding’s hand. Crowding reads it and faints. In
attending to him Tarr discovers a goad concealed in Crowding’s clothes, preventing him from lying down
or even resting. In the stateroom Crowding seems terrified, and he obviously has some terrible secret
that is preying upon his mind, but which he refuses to divulge.

    Up on deck Tarr finds Miss Trainor with the broker, Kinney, one of Burgess’ rivals. An un-
pleasant remark is passed between the men. Later Kinney insults Tarr, who boxes his ears. The rumor
is circulated that the quarrel occurred about Helen Trainor, and that Tarr has been sent to watch her by
Burgess.

     Tarr receives word that Crowding has become delirious, and after an interview with the old woman
in the steerage has tried to break into the baggage hold. Going to his stateroom, he finds Crowding
raving about something which he must stop, and shrieking over and over again “ Only a hundred hours.”

CHAPTER XIV.

AN UNANSWERED PROBLEM.

DAY broke at last—a blowy, misty,
dirty morning; a morning when
it looked all along the sea-line as though
the slatternly wind-sprites had hung all
their dirty rags of cloud out to air, and
the sea was sullen.

Wave after wave rose out of the
northeast to meet the proud prow of the
Yantic, slapped her sullenly and with no
little spitefulness on either jowl, and
parted for her passage, running hissing
aft as though angry that they could not
stop her progress.

Horace Tarr viewed the unsightly

•This story began in the June issue of The Argosy. The two back numbers will be mailed to any

address on receipt of 20 cents.

 prospect from the door of his stateroom
 as soon as the gray light of dawn shim-
 mered on the apparently flat surface of
 the sea. The air was raw. The smell
 of fog was still dank in his nostrils;
 the night which had just passed had
 been no time of rest or calm for him.

   Crowding had finally sunk into a stu-
 por and his babblings had ceased for
 the time. But the broken sentences
 rankled in Tarr’s mind—gave him no
 peace—gripped his thought and would
 not set it free again.

  What was the mystery which had
 driven poor Crowding into his present
 state of mind? What did those broken
 words mean?
DOWNING THE KING-PIN.

   There was a deep and sinister signifi-
 cance, Tarr was certain, to every sen-
 tence the sick man uttered.

   In the calm of the morning, after re-
 viewing each particular phrase the sick
 man had used, it seemed rather improb-
 able that his mention of the “ red dia-
 mond ” had aught to do with either
 Tarr’s trunk which he had sent down
 to the Babbler the night before he sailed
 on the Yantic or with the trunk that
 Trimble had found in the hold marked
 in the same way and with the same ini-
 tials.

  And while he stood there watching
the changing sea the figure of little
Angelo appeared before him.

   “ Signor, is the other signor better
 this morning?” he asked in his soft
 voice.

  Tarr looked down upon him rather
blankly for a moment.

  " I)o you mean Crowding—Mr.
Trainors man ? ”

   “ Si, signor.”

   “ He is no worse ; but he is very ill.
 He does not know me, and he is likely
 to be ill a long time.”

   “ It is bad, signor,” said the boy with
 his ingratiating smile, and would have
 withdrawn had not Tarr stayed him
 with a beckoning forefinger.

   “ Who sent you to inquire, Angelo?”
he asked.

   “ She sent me.”

  “ The—the old woman below? ”

  The boy nodded and would have
again departed, but Tarr had another
question.

   “ See here, my son,” he said, drawing
 some silver from his pocket. “ You
 earned half a dollar yesterday by telling
 me something. Now, here is another,”
 and he held it up.

   The boy’s black eyes snapped, and he
 waited in silence for what was to fol-
 low.

  “You went into the hold with Mr.
Trimble to look for that trunk yester-
day forenoon,” Tarr observed, watching
the boy closely.

   The change that came inlo the little
 fellow's face at this was quite startling.
 He paled and drew farther away from
 the secretary.

   “Don’t be afraid,” Tarr said sooth-
ingly. “ I saw you go down there. You

      9	A

129

found a trunk marked in red with two
letters—H. and T.—inside a diamond
figure likewise marked iu red. You re-
member ? ”

  The boy evidently remembered.
There could be no doubt of that. But
why being reminded of that trunk
should so trouble him was quite mysti-
fying.

     What’s the matter?” the secretary
demanded. " \ ou were telling something
about that trunk to the old woman be-
low—:—”

  “No, no, signor!” gasped the boy,
still drawing away. “ I sav not’ing.
Eet is not so.”

     Come; here's half a dollar for you.
Repeat to me what you said-”

  But before he could say more the
boy turned and darted away and was
.quickly out of sight.

   “ Hang it! " muttered Tarr. “ That's
Messerodc’s fault. He threatened to
beat the boy if he repeated it. What
was it—something about a noise in the
trunk? A clock ticking? What an asi-
nine thing it is for me to pay any at-
tention to such foolishness!

  “ What could it possibly be? The
boy imagined something, or he is a nat-
ural born liar, as Messerode intimated.
I—I'm a fool! ”

   He tried to drive away all thought of
the trunk, and when the steward c-ame
up ordered an early breakfast sent to
his cabin. Crowding was still asleep
when Dr. Meachem appeared.

  “ You’d better get some rest your-
self,” the surgeon advised. “ Go down
into my cabin—you’ll find it quiet
there.”

  But Tarr would not leave the room.
He lay down on the extra berth, how-
ever, and slept soundly for an hour,
while the doctor watched the patient.

   Tarr was awakened by the thin voice
of Crowding babbling his incessant
phrases about the red diamond, and a
hundred hours, and all the rest of it.

   “ I feel a hundred per cent better.”
the secretary declared when the surgeon
would have urged him to retire for
proper rest.

   Indeed, he felt anxious to have no-
body listen to Crowding’s delirious
words. He was convinced that there
was some sinister meaning to them.
130

THE ARGOSY.

  When the doctor departed ho sat
down beside the sick man and listened
again and yet again to the familiar
phrases. By and by lie seized a pencil
and paper and began to jot them down.

  Crowding seemed to go through the
same formula of words, ending with
that terrified cry about “ a floating
hell ” and then began all over again.
Part of it he muttered too low for Tarr
to catch the words; but it was not
always the same phrases that were miss-
is

  By writing down all he said the sec-
retary saw a chance of finally obtaining
a pretty connected expression of what
was on the sick man’s mind.

  In some book he had read, a secret
had been discovered in this manner.
The words Crowding uttered, he was
sure, were the same each time, and they
were not many.

  When the poor fellow’s mind had
given way his trouble had expressed
itself in these thoughts; and now that
he was delirious, these same thoughts
recurred to his weakened mind again
and again, finding expression over and
over in the same phraseology.

  Each time the poor fellow reached
the climax of his reflections his agony
became more intense. After one of
these paroxysms, when he began to
speak again. Tarr, with his ear held
close to enable him to distinguish the
faintest sounds, wrote down the words
as he heard them:

  “ The red diamond! * * * I must stop
it—I must stop it! * * * These inno-
cent people—God help them! * * * Set
for one hundred hours! * * * One hun-
dred hours and then—hell! * * * ”
The last of the words were too in-
distinct that time for him to get, but
the sick man writhed on his couch and
beat his hands feebly in despair. Then
he began again, and the fir.st words Tarr
distinguished were different:

 “ I must open- * * * Only one

hundred hour.s. What a wretch-

These innocent people—God help them !

*	* * Happy, untroubled, secure. * * *
Half has passed. * * * Hell!—a float-
ing hell! ”

  Once more the muttering began:

  “ I must stop it! I must stop it!

*	* * What a wretch 1 am! My punish-

ment is too great. * * * They little know
—unconscious of peril! * * * It was set

for one hundred- * * * ”

  And on and on the poor fellow bab-
bled his misery, while Tarr, the sweat
standing on his brow, jotted down the
broken phrases, until he, like Crowding
himself, had learned them by heart.

 And what did he make of them?
After the sick man had worried himself
into exhaustion, Tarr set himself the
task of dove-tailing the words together
into their logical sequence.

 “The red diamond! I must

open-. I must stop it! I must

stop it! Only one hundred hours.
What a wretch I am. My punishment
is too great. These innocent people—
God help them! They little know—
unconscious of peril. Happy, un-
troubled, secure. It was set for one
hundred hours. Half has passed. One
hundred hours and then—hell! A float-
ing hell! ”

  Tarr read this, striving to understand
the mystery to which the words referred,
lie knew he had not gathered every
word of Crowding’s delirious mutter-
ings. He had been unable to learn what
it was the man felt that he must
“ open.”

  And the reference to the “ innocent
peoplewho were “ unconscious of
peril M was quite as blind. Crowding
had done, or thought he had done, some
dreadful thing which had imperiled
others. Had it been something which
had occurred before Tarr met him in
New York ?

  “ Perhaps the story he gave me about
losing his job and being half-starved
and penniless because of the shutting
down of the mill was not entirely true.
He may have done something—broken
the law in some way — and run away
from his home.

    But surely there is some foundation
lor his agony. There must be some
fire where there is so much smoke.”
The reference to the one bund rr cl
hours puzzled Tarr quite as much as
anything else. What had Crowding
“set for one hundred hours"? And
what did he mean by “ a floating hell ”?

  Surely that last must refer to some
craft. Something may have been done
on a boat! What boat? Could it be
DOWNING THE KING-P1N.

131

that some peril threatened the Yantic?
Why, that seemed impossible. What
could Crowding know about this steam-
ship? He probably had never heard of
the vessel until Tarr had told him of his
chance to serve Calvin Trainor as nurse.

  “ Yet that follow Brown—or what-
ever his name is—is aboard this ship,
and Crowding knows him. It wa<s di-
rectly after an interview with Brown
that he went off his head entirely,” mut-
tered the secretary.

  “ Is there some plot against the peace
and lives of the passengers on this ship?
But that is preposterous. If it were so,
surely Brown and Crowding, if they
knew of it, would not have risked their
own lives by corning aboard her. No,
no! That can't be it. And who can
I take into my confidence? I cannot he
a traitor to my own cousin—not to Ben
Crowding, with whom I played and stud-
ied years ago—even if he is mixed up in
a criminal conspiracy.

  “ Until I have proof that he has really
committed a crime I am not called upon
to sacrifice him. And perhaps not then.
My mind is not at all secure on that
point.”

  He rose and began to pace the con-
fines of the stateroom. The situation
presented an unsolvable enigma.

CHArTER XV.

NEWS OF TTTE BABBLER.

  A gentle rap at the door startled
Tarr as though it had been a much more
commanding summons. It was now mid-
forenoon, and the deck was well peopled
with first-class passengers, despite the
unfriendly aspect of the weather. When
he opened the door his amazement was
in no way decreased by the presence of
Helen Trainor awaiting his pleasure.

  For a moment Tarr was quite speech-
less.

  “ Good-morning," she said quietly
and without her usual smile. “ I undcr-
-tand you have been watching with your
cousin all night, Mr. Tarr. We shall
have you ill next. You must allow us

lo	assist you.”

  “ Really—really,” stammered Tarr,
“ I don’t know what you can do-”

“ I can sit beside him while you go

somewhere and lie down,” she said
quickly.

  “Hut, Miss Trainor. I do not think I
ought to allow it. lie is quite de-
lirious.”

I)r. Meachem tells me he is far too
weak to try to get out of his berth now

1	poor fellow ! What a terrible thing it
is! How little we know what far-
reaching results may be entailed by our
actions.”

  “ What do you mean ? ” he asked won-
deringly.

  “ I presume you realize that, as the
doctor says, this condition of affairs has
been brought on by mental worry.
Poor Crowding, being driven from home
and from those—from her whom he
loved, by the shutting down of his work,
has now come to this pass. It is terri-
ble/-’

  Tarr saw that she, and probably her
brother, blamed it all upon Brandon
Burgess and his corner in cotton. But
Tarr was not minded to oppose her
statement now.

  Indeed, he was rather glad that she
looked upon Crowding's illness from
this standpoint.

  t,; She will not suspect anything if he
babbles this stuff to her,’’ he ihought.
Aloud he said: “ It is not right to tax
you with my cousin’s care, Miss
Trainor.”

  “ But if I wish to do this? "

  “ Then I surely will not refuse you,
and I thank you heartily for your kind
thought. Ferhaps I will be better for
to-night’s watch if I sleep some during
the daytime.”

  She was looking at him with unwaver-
ing eyes as lie spoke, and although she
flushed a little her reply was uttered in a
firm tone:

  “ Do not mistake me, Mr. Tarr. If I
am land, it is for the sake of the poor
man who is ill. You certainly do not
look for any favor at my hands, sir?”
The words were biting, and Tarr fell
back before her as she entered the state-
room. He knew to what she referred.

  As Calvin had told him, and as he had
seen the evening before by her manner,
Helen held him accountable for the un-
pleasant position in which she had been
placed by the gossip having its birth at
the quoit game.
THE AKGOSY.

  So she believed that he had allowed
her name to be brought into a low row
on the public deck of this steamer ! Tarr
withdrew without further words. He
was too hurt to seek to defend himself
or to deny what she believed true. He
avoided Calvin when he went out upon
deck, although he saw him in the dis-
tance, attended by the ex-waiter. Ji
was a fact that, * more than he was
troubled by the mystery of Crowding’s
illness, Tarr was disturbed over this
misunderstanding with Helen rl rainor
and her brother and aunt.

  And as his mind dwelt upon the fact,
it was not for Calvin’s mistrust in him
that he mourned. He thought first of
Helen's attitude.

  l)r. Meachem had evidently been 011
the lookout for him, and kindly insisted
that Tarr go below to his, the doctor’s,
cabin and lie down. But despite his
wakeful night, the secretary could not
sleep for long.

  H-is many worriments were with him
in his dreams. Burgess and the Bab-
bler, Kinney and Helen Trainor,
Crowding and the disguised Brown
passed through his visions in continuous
procession.

  And finally the luncheon bugle
awoke him as though it were the
signal of some threatening disaster
which had troubled the latter part of
his dream.

  Finding it impossible to sleep again,
he arose, had a bite of luncheon him-
self, learned that the doctor had re-
lieved Miss Trainor as nurse, and felt
able to go into the steerage before
returning to his own cabin.

  As he drew near, the strains of a fid-
dle and an accordeon and the shuffle of
feet announced the fact that the steer-
age passengers were having an after-
noon dance. Although there were few
young people among them (aside from
the small children), the returning emi-
grants mustered a goodly company on
the cleared space of the deck which
answered for the floor of the ball-room.

  The couples were gravely moving
about in time to the rather rasping
sounds of the two instruments. Tarr
wended his way between them, paying
no attention to either the dancers or the
audience of first and second cabin pas-

sengers that had gathered. He had
spied the figure of the disguised Brown
in an out-of-the-way corner and ap-
proached him directly.

  He did not startle the supposed old
woman this time, for his coming was
observed.

  “ I have a word to say to you in pri-
vate,” he said in a low voice, looking
intently down upon the shawl-shrouded
fic-ure. “ Do you wrant to see me
here? ”

  The supposed old woman showed no
sign of understanding him. Her face
retained an expression of perfect blank-
ness, and she shook her head with en-
ergy.

   “ No, no, signor! ” she whined.

  “'Come, come!” exclaimed Tarr.
“ Don’t play the fool with me. I know
you, and unless you want me to go to
the officer of the ship and tell who you
are-•"

  “ I no spe’k Inglese,” whined the
creature again, vigorously shaking her
head.

  One of the men who had been danc-
ing came over to them, mopping his
flushed face with a yellow bandanna and
smiling broadly.

   “ She no understand you, sir,” he said,
showing his white teeth in a broad
smile. “ She only speak-a da Italian.”

  “By Jove,” muttered Tarr, “she
writes English all right! "

  “No, no! How can that be?” cricd
her fellow-countryman. “ She no spe’k
eet; how can she write eet? ”

  “ I no spe’k Inglese,” declared the
supposed old woman for the second
time.

  Her face was swathed in a bandage,
and she put her hand to it now and
began to moan, rocking her body to and
fro.

  “ She haf one bad tooth—eli? ” said
the man commiseratingly, yet still smil-
ing brilliantly. “What you want wit’
her. signor ? ”

  Tarr saw that unless he was ready to
make a row right then and there, there
was no use in following his intention
further.

  The creature wouldu’t speak or give
him any satisfaction.

  Besides, so much did she seem the
character she appeared that the secre-
DOWNING THE KING-PIN.

133

tary was puzzled and began to grow
doubtful again.

  Suppose be had made a mistake?
Suppose it was not Brown, after all?
Many old women have a down on their
upper lip as heavy as that which shaded
the mouth of this person. lie would
have given a good deal to remove the
bandage from about her face. He be-
lieved that it hid from view cheeks
which would show plainly the need of
shaving.

  He had to beat an inglorious retreat,
and on his way to his own stateroom
to relieve Dr. Meachem Mr. Brier found
and halted him.

  “ Mr. Tarr, Captain Holds wishes to
see you. He is on the bridge. How’s
your friend? No better? Sorry to
hear it.”

  The secretary of the millionaire cot-
ton king hastened to find the com-
mander of the Yantic. The captain was
pacing the deck with a slip of paper in
his hand.

  “ You’re Mr. Horace Tarr ? ” he asked
in his gruff way.

  “ I am. What can I do for you ?”
asked the young man.

  “ Not a thing, sir—not a thing,”
snapped Captain Holds. “You can
answer a question, however, sir.”

 Tarr waited in doubt. Captain
Holds did not seem in a very pleasant
mood.

  “ I want to know, sir, if you know
anything about this? ”—and ho held the
slip of paper toward Tarr. “ What is
this yacht chasing us for? I tell you, I
don’t care to have my steamer chased
as though she was a stray pup. What
does it mean?”

  Tarr, in vast amazement, read the
typewritten lines on the paper:

  Yacht Babbler, New York, Burgess
owner, Midriff master, spoke us this
forenoon fifty miles eastward, asking for
Yantic. Anxious to speak.

  « Wha—what does it mean?” gasped
Tarr.

  “ That’s what I want to know, sir—
that’s what I want to know,” growled
Captain Holds. “ You are employed by
this Burgess, they tell me. Ho you
know anything about it ? ’

  “ How should I know ? ”

  “ Don’t dodge my questions,confound
you! ” snapped the captain.

  “ And don’t you address me in that
manner. I don’t like it,” declared Tarr
angrily. “ I had heard that the Bab-
bler left New York night before last.

Y	our own wireless telegraph operator
got the news from some shore station, I
believe.

  “ I had no idea that the vacht was
following us. I don’t know what Mr.
Burgess wants with you. I’m sure I
don’t know what he wants of me-”

  “ Well, sir, when a man chases a
steamship which numbers atuong its
passengers one of his trusted employees
he doesn’t usually do it for pure enjoy-
ment,” sneered Holds.

  “ What do you mean by that, sir?”
flashed out Tarr.

  “ I judge, sir, that you catch my
meaning,” said the captain of the YTan-
tic, boring him with a suspicious glance.
“ There is something very strange about
this—very strange indeed.”

  “ Your insinuating tone implies an
insult that I will not bear, sir!” cried
Tarr. “ Explain yourself.”

  “ You declare you know nothing
about this message?”

  “ I don’t even understand how you
could have got such a telegram-”

  “ We passed the Savoird, of the
Merchants and Importers Line, an hour
ago. She communicated by wireless
with us. The yacht spoke her, as you
can see, this forenoon. It must have
passed us and is now somewhere ahead
looking for us. I want to know what it
means! ”

  “ Well, don't ask me. I can’t tell
you,” declared Tarr.

   “ 11 seems very suspicious to me, Mr.
Tarr,” said the captain.

    And your remarks seem very impu-
dent to me,” cried the passenger, and
turning on his heel without further
words he left the bridge.

  He was quite enraged at the English-
man. But nevertheless the message as-
tounded him. He was completely dazed
by it.

  What did it mean? The Babbler
should be far on her course to the
Mediterranean if Burgess had really
started on nis vacation. Why should
134

THE AEG OS Y.

(lie yacht he in this part of the North
Atlantic?

  And hunting for the Yantic! v\ by.
it seeincil preposterous.

  What should possess Brandon Bur-
gess to start out of the port of New
York on such a fool mission as this?
Searching the highways of the sea for a
particular steamship seemed a good deal
like looking for the proverbial needle in
a havstaek.

  What was the matter with him ? Had
Burgess, too, gone mad J. If there had
been a raid made upon the cotton mar-
ket, he should not have left New York
at all. And to be 'wav of! here-—

  “It’s nonsense! sheer nonsense! ” he
muttered as he hurried to his stateroom.

  Yet. looking down, he saw the paper
in his hand and again read the type-
written lines. That made it look very
real.

  But it did not explain the mystery.

CHAPTER XVI.

THE TREASURE CHAMBER.

  It was plain that Dr. Meachem was
greatly worried over Crowding’s condi-
tion. Despite the fact that the steam-
ship physician was a most self-opinion-
ated man, he was devoted to his profes-
sion. and the chance of losing a patient
worried him.

  “ The fellow is badly off, I admit,
Mr. Tarr,” he declared to Horace
when the latter appeared in the sick-
room again. “ I have changed his med-
icine. The treatment of disease is for
the most part a groping in the dark bv
even the best - trained physician. We
know what remedies will act upon cer-
tain diseased organs, but they will not
act the same with every person. 1 can-
not seem to allay this man’s fever. Jt
is terrific. He grows weaker.

  “ These delirious paroxysms are be-
coming more infrequent-”

  “And isn't that a good sign?” asked
Tarr. wondering if the doctor had made
anything out of Crowding’s wandering
speech.

    It is not—assuredly not! You hear
him gabbling a lot of stuff here, now
and then. Between the times of this
speech yon suppose he is calmer? ”

  “ Of course,’’ declared Tarr.

  “ No, no! You,are wrong! There is
something of extreme moment on that
man’s mind. It was on his mind, as we
know, when be was iaken with the first
mad paroxysm down below. He repeats
over and over again wliat was making
that strong impression upon his brain
at the moment he collapsed. Do you
follow me ? ”

  Tarr nodded. Nobody knew better
than he that poor Crowding was repeat-
ing again and again that mysterious
combination of phrases.

  “ Well, sir, he continually goes over
these same words. At times he is
strong enough to repeat them aloud.
But when he apparently sleeps or sinks
into exhaustion, his state at this pres-
ent moment, his troubled brain is still
engaged with these same thoughts.
Over and over again, time after time,
into the many thousands, the man has
repeated these sentences since yesterday
afternoon.”

  “ He is repeating them even when he
is silent? ”

  “ Automatically his thoughts repeat
them. There! See his lips move? As
though he whispered in his sleep. He
lies like a dead man otherwise, d'ye see?
Like some machine geared to a system
of perpetual motion, his mind contin-
ually repeats this thing that troubles
him.

  “ And until 1 can assuage this menial
disturbance, how can I get the best of
his fever? Can you tell me that, Mr.
Tarr ? ” demanded the worried physi-
cian.

 “Good Heavens! How can I tell
you ? ” gasped the secretary.

  “ The moment will come when the
man’s brain will be sufficiently clear to
understand what is said to him. If one
knew what had so disturbed his mind
at that—well, call it occult moment, he
might be assured that the cause of his
worriment was removed. Then I
would have a better chance to bring
him out of this condition.”

  “ But—but we don’t know what’s the
matter with him!” gasped Tarr.

  “Ah, that’s it!” said Dr. Meachem,
slowly wagging his head. “That's it!
And what it is we may not be able to find
out. You should l»e better able to guess
that than anybody, sir.”
DOWNING THE KING-PIN.

135

  ** I wish to God I did know! ” cried
Tarr fervently.

  The physician’s remarks put him
quite in u fever of worriment. When
he was left alone with the sick man, and
the latter began babbling again, Tarr
drew forth the paper on which he had
transcribed the sentences which were
the burden of Crowding’s delirium and
studied them once more.

 “ The red diamond! 1 must

open-” Now, what could that

mean? What of the red diamond, and
what was it the delirious Crowding felt
that he must open?

  When he had suffered his collapse the
previous afternoon, Crowding had been
fighting like a madman to enter the hold
forward through the hatchway in the
orlop deck. Trimble had reported that
the man tore, tooth and nail, at the
hatch fastenings.

  Was that what he had felt he must
open ? And why ?

   Or had the association of ideas in his
poor, weakened mind made him do this?
Tarr could not see how any danger,
known to Crowding, could menace the
Yantic. It must be some other vessel
which was referred to in the man’s de-
lirium as “a floating hell."

  “ Crazed as he was,5’ muttered the
secretary, “ he would not be likely to
distinguish between this boat and the
one which troubles his mind. If he
knows' of some accident which has be-
faHen or is about to befall another shin,
in his sudden insanity he might try to do
aboard this ship what he would do
aboard that other, were he there.
Something has happened or is about to
happen in the hold of another vessel.
Crowding is criminally aware of what
it is. His conscience, as he told me
himself yesterday morning, and as his
previous actions prove, was lashing him
terribly.

   He has done something or has
knowledge of the doing of something
which endangers the lives of innocent
people. When he went entirely off his
head he strove to get into that hold be-
cause he thought that was the place
where this awful thing would occur.

  “Gad! What a mess! It isn’t pos-
sible that any danger threatens vs.
That fellow Brown—if it is Brown—is

mixed up in it. He’d never risk his
neck on u vessel that was likely to be
injured—blown up or scuttled or any-
thing like that/’

  Tarr paccd the confines of his cabin
in a terribly disturbed state while he
thus soliloquized. And the thought of
Brown set his mind ofE on another
track.

  Could it be possible that he had been
mistaken in that individual below in the
steerage? If not, the man was a con-
summate actor.

  It might be a woman, after all—an
old woman of Brown’s own nationality
and who looked like him.

  \ et, he swore to himself. Crowding
had recognized the person, too. Crowd-
ing had denied all knowledge of the
identity of the old woman. Yet Angelo
said he had been the means of commu-
nication between them, and Tarr had
seen the boy pass the paper to Crowd-
ing.

  “Confound it! Somebody’s lying.
Messercdc said the boy is a liar.
Crowding told me he had not received
any note and knew nothing about it.
The boy acts strangely, it is true—he
acted strangely this morning when I
spoke about that trunk. Yet, what
object can he have in mystifying me? "

  And with these and similar thoughts
he worried his mind for several hours,
lie did not forget to attend to Crowd-
ing’s every want, however, and fol-
lowed the physician’s instructions im-
plicitly.

  The forenoon passed, and several pas-
sengers came to the door to inquire
about the sick man.

  Thai part of the deck was avoided by
the passengers in general, who realized
that the doctor desired quiet for poor
Crowding.

  Toward mid-afternoon two visitors
came whom Tarr was not anxious to see

—	Helen and her aunt. The strained
relations which had existed for the last
twenty-four hours between the Train-
ers and himself made any conversation
extremely awkward.

  Mrs. Shackelford showed this awk-
wardness more than Helen, for ihe
latter was anxious regarding Crowding
and put every other thought aside but
that of mercy.
136

THE ARGOSY.

  “You must let m relieve you for
awhile, Mr. Tarr,” she said, while Mrs.
Shackelford looked coldly on in the at-
titude of a person bent upon upholding
the proprieties but with interest neither
in the sick man nor his nurse.

   *'*’ It is good of you, but you have your

own trouble with Calvin-”

  •c This Messerode is vcrv efficient.
We have decided to take him with us
to Berlin/’ declared Helen. “ He is well
recommended.’-

  “And poor Crowding wasn’t, I sup-
pose she means,” thought Tarr. “ Well,
it’s an unfortunate mess. I reckon Bur-
gess would be sorry lie sent me on the
Yantic if he knew how objectionable I
had become to Helen Trainor.”

  This swung his thoughts, pendulum-
wise, to Burgess and the Babbler, and
as he left liis cabin to pace the deck
for a breath of air the strange message
received from the passing Savoird puz-
zled his mir.d again.

  Whv had Burgess changed the direc-
tion of his intended voyage across the
Atlantic? Why was he hunting for the
Yantic?

  The cotton king had been greatly dis-
turbed by nervous apprehension as re-
garded Helen's trip across, but Tarr had
attributed this nervousness on his
employer's part to overwork. For
six months Burgess had carried a re-
sponsibility that was bound to tell upon
any man.

  He had engineered a financial scheme
such as the Street had never seen
before, and he had done it practically
alone. There was little wonder that
Burgess’ mind was easily disturbed.

  But after sending his secretary on the
steamship with the girl whom he so
much admired, Burgess should have
been ratisfied. This chasing the Yantic
about the ocean was an utterly ridicu-
lous thing.

  Yet so much had occurred within the
last few hours to puzzle Horace Tarr
that the message from the Savoird dis-
turbed him greatly. And it had evi-
dently bothered Captain Holds likewise.

  Tea is usually served in the after-
noon aboard the ships of the Blue Cres-
cent Line, and having paid little
attention to his meals of late Tarr was
hungry and went below. As he came

down the companionway to the main

deck, he noticed a sailor in uniform and
with a short cutlass strapped to his side
standing upright before a heavy ,-teel
door which was built into the bulkhead.

  It was a place where the officers and
other members of the crew were passing
and repassing all the time, both day and
night, and Tarr knew he had never seen
this sentinel here before. Observing
Mr. Trimble, the junior officer, passing,
he asked him what it meant.

  “ Why, I’m sure, sir, I couldn’t tell
you,” Trimble declared. “ That is the
strong room—you knew that, didn’t
you? ”

  “ The strong room ? ” repeated Tarr,
much puzzled.

  “Yes, sir; the treasure vault.”

  “ Where the passengers put their dia-
monds for safe keeping? ” asked the sec-
retary, smiling.

  “ Oh, no, sir; those go into the pur-
ser’s safe. But that is literally a treas-
ure vault. Sometimes there isn’t much
in it, but at others the old Spanish
treasure ships which Morgan and his
ilk captured didn't have in their cargoes
the worth in gold and silver that is
locked into that vault.”

  “ You surprise me! ”

  “Most people would be surprised if
they came to think of it. You read a
line in the newspaper that such and such
an amount of gold was exported by a
certain ship to Europe. One doesn’t
realize what it means. The captain is
held personally responsible for what is
in that place. lie alone has the com-
bination which opens it.”

  “ And how much do you suppose is
in there now?” asked Tarr, mildly cu-
rious.

  “Why, I heard before we sailed that
they expected to put. twenty millions in
gold behind that door.”

  “Twenty millions!” gasped Tarr,
amazed.

  “ Sh! ” Trimble warned him, seeing
Brier passing and watching them
closely. “ So I heard. I don't know
what the captain has suddenly put a
guard there for. Ho has his reasons, I
expect. We’re not supposed to speak
of the room or its contents to the pas-
sengers, sir. Y'ou will excuse me
now ? ”
DOWNING THE KING-PIN.

137

  Something in the purser’s looks had
seemed to trouble the junior officer, and
he hastened to break away from Tarr.
The latter went on to the table, how-
ever, without attaching any particular
meaning to this.

  His mind reverted again to the twenty
millions in gold, however. And whose
would not?

CHAPTER XVII.

UNDER THE BAN.

  For the first time since the little
scene at the quoit game, Tarr came face
to face with Kinney. He sat down at
a table just opposite him. Kinney re-
turned Tarr’s look with an offensive
stare. Then he whispered something to
a man beside him and he likewise lifted
his head and looked sharply at the new-
comer.

  But the secretary had made up his
mind to get into no further trouble with
Lodowick’s man.

  Had he noticed the company before
sitting down, Tarr would certainly have
selected another table, but it would look
childish to change his seat now, and he
paid strict attention to the viands which
the steward brought him.

  But this did not satisfy Kinney. He
was one of that breed of curs which
are never contented to ignore one whom
they dislike. He must needs snap and
snarl at his heels.

  And possibly having the fear of Tarr’s
strong hand before his eyes, the broker
cast about for other means of tantaliz-
ing his enemy than by personally ad-
dressing him. The men about him
were gentlemen; he dared not speak of
Helen Trainor.

  Therefore he set upon the one other
subject that was bound to “ get a rise ”
out of the secretary. He did not glance
at Tarr while he talked, but he raised
his voice so that the young man would
be sure to hear every word.

  “ As you were saving,” he remarked
to his next neighbor, “ the crash is going
to be a ‘ beaut.’ The fellow won't have
enough left to pay his laundry check.
Call him the ‘ cotton king’—huh! He's
the cotton fool, I reckon.”

   Tarr did not raise his eyes, but a little
silence fell upon the men near at hand.

All realized that the broker was baiting

his vis-a-vis.

  “ And the rascal deserves all he’s
going to get. He’s a mucker, any way.
W ho ever heard of him before he struck
New York? God knows how he came
by the money he started with. He’s
about the smoothest proposition that

ever broke into the market-”

  Tarr’s spoon dropped into his saucer
with a sharp crash—a sound that
startled even Kinney himself. The sec-
retary half rose from his chair and
leaned across the board.

  "Sir,” he exclaimed in a low but clear
voice, “■ you are speaking of a man whom
1 count as my friend as well as my em-
ployer. I see plainly that you are
talking with the hope of creating a dis-
turbance again. And I presume you
intend lying about the cause of our dif-
ference of opinion, as you did before.

  “ But let me warn you. sir, and I take
these gentlemen to bear me witness,
that I shall consider any slurring refer-
ence to Mr. Burgess from you a personal

insult, and-”

  He had leaned farther over rhe table
as he spoke, his eyes blazing and his face
deadly white. Kinney’s smile rather
lost its freshness as he observed these
indications of passion. He had in-
tended to annoy his enemy, but he did
not seek a personal encounter with him.

  At this instant, however, a heavy
hand was laid upon Tarr's shoulder and
he was jerked back into his chair. The
effect of this upon the young man was
to set him in a violent rage. Wrenching
himself free, he rose to confront ibis
new antagonist.

  “Mr. Brier!” he exclaimed, seeing
that burly officer at his elbow.

  “ Now, look here, Mr. Tarr,’’ ex-
claimed the purser firmly; “we’ll have
no more of this. This is our public
dining-room. You can't pick a quar-
rel here—nor anywhere else on this
boat. You should be ashamed, sir!”
“ Ashamed ! ” gasped Tarr.

  “Now, now!” pursued the purser;
“ don't have any words over it. You're
a gentleman, I hope.”

  11	was maddening, but what could
Tarr do or say? The word of the offi-
cer of a ship is a law that no sensible
passenger will disobey.
138

THE ARGOSY.

  It was evident that the garbled ac-
count of his former trouble with Kinney
had reached the ears of the powers that
be, and Brier, seeing the two men to-
gether again, had seized upon rlarr as
the aggressor. The latter would not
belittle himself by explaining.

  He left his luncheon and without a
word to either Brier or the others about
the table hurried out upon the open
deck.

  There he paced to and fro the length
of the promenade along one rail, boiling
with rage and wishing with all his heart
that he had never stepped foot upon the
Yantic.

  And yet how he had been secretly de-
lighted when Burgess insisted upon his
accompanying the Trainor party across
the Atlantic.

  And why? Not because he needed a
vacation. He would have been much
more comfortable on the Babbler; the
yacht was a floating palace.

  Tarrs eves were being broadly opened
to his interest in Helen Trainor. The
fact that to his mind it savored of dis-
loyalty to Brandon Burgess made no
difference to the truth. Tarr had looked
forward to the companionship of Helen ;
that was the chief pleasure he would
have taken in the voyage under other
circumstances.

  But whether he had been disloyal in
thought and intention or no, the fact re-
mained that his association with Helen
Trainor was not fruitful of much pleas-
ure. He really shrank now from going
back to his cabin and relieving her in
her care of the sick man. Her coldness
was hard to face, especially when he
knew he was undeserving of it. He
awoke to the fact after a time, however,
that for some reason he was attracting
a deal of attention while pursuing his
lonely promenade.

  Most of the passengers were on the
shady side of the deckhouse, but two of
the junior officers—one forward, the
other aft—watched him at every turn.

  At first he thought this imaginary on
his part, but when he went into' the
smoking-room for a drink one of these
young men followed him. Going out
through the opposite door and passing
around the other alley into the hows,
he found the second man on his trail.

  “ Confound them all!” Tarr mut-
tered. “ Do they think I’m looking to
pick a fuss with Kinney, or what is it?

I seem to be under a ban.”

  This surveillance made him nervous,
and it seemed to him that every person
he passed looked upon him askance. He
could swear that more than one prome-
nading couple glanced at him and whis-
pered together.

  This became so unpleasant at last that
he was fairly driven back to his own
quarters. Mrs. Shackelford was evi-
dently glad to see him come, and rose to
leave the cabin at once. Crowding was
muttering and crying out again, and
Helen was bending over him. bathing
his face and moistening his parched and
fever-cracked lips.

  “ Your cousin is very, very ill, Mr.
Tarr,” she said, looking up with a
curious expression upon her face.

  “ I am afraid he is, I wish we were
ashore.”

  “ His mind seems weighed upon by
something—do you hear him?”

  Tarr nodded and dropped his glance,
for lie felt that there was something
more than ordinary curiosity behind her
question.

  “ He says the same things over and
over. That must be what the doctor
says is worrying him. Do—do you know'
what it means, Mr. Tarr?”

  “ Sick people in his condition usually
have their heads full of fancies. He is
delirious, I presume, like any other
person suffering from such a trouble.”

  “ I believe that -his worriment is the
cause of his present condition,” Helen
said firmly. “ And he says such strange
things.”

  “ I hadn’t noticed,” muttered Tarr.

  But as she went out, following her
aunt, he knew that the look she gave
him showed serious doubt.

  Tarr Avas in a cold perspiration.
How much of Crowding’s babblings had
Helen heard and understood?

  “ By gad ! if she is wise to much of it
and knows what he means, she’s better
at guessing than 1 am,” he muttered
when he was alone.

  He was convinced, however, that he
had much better remain by his cousin
all the time and let nobody else care for
him. He was likely to say something
DOWNING THE KING-PIN.

that would reveal the mystery, whatever

ii	was, and Tarr felt that he lacked only
the keyword to explain the secret about
which Crowding muttered.

   Suppose the doctor or Helen or some
other visitor should discover this se-
cret! Suppose while Helen sat there,
this very hour, Crowding had murmured
the keyword to the problem. Tarr
looked at the paper again.

  "The red diamond! I must

open-” Open what? Ah, if

Crowding should say what he wished
opened while Tarr was absent.

   “ I must remain here from this time
on, until we land. Nobody must learn
the meaning of his mystery until I have
found it out myself,” he'told himself.

   He was not disturbed by visitors -for
the remainder of the afternoon, and
nobody but the physician came to the
cabin during the evening excepting the
steward with ice and with his own
dinner.

   The change in the weather which had
threatened early that morning finally
culminated in a thunder storm and elec-
tric display about nine o’clock. This
drove everybody below but the officers
and members of the crew whose duty it
was to remain on deck.

   But after the rain stopped, an hour
later, Tarr set open his door and sat
there watching the foam-flecked sea and
dun clouds for a long time. Sea and
sky were as perturbed and troubled as
his own mind.

CHAPTER XVIII.

AN* ABTOUNDTNG MESSAGE.

  The thunder storm was a prelude to
a bad night—the overture of a Wag-
nerian session of wind, rain, and beaten,
maddened sea. After midnight the re-
turn of the rain drove Tarr inside the
stateroom, and a little later he heard
the men rigging life-lines along the
upper deck.

  The Yantic began to heave unpleas-
antly, too, and the slapping of the
waves against her tall hull sounded like
the crac-k of a long pennant in a hurri-
cane. Now and then the clouds seemed
to open and the water came down by the
bucketful.

  A> the night grew old and the worrv

of the storm increased, the sounds evi-
dently made some impress on Crowd-
ing’s troubled brain. Once he weakly
rose up in liis berth—something he had
not done for hours—and looked wildly
about.

  At the moment be came close to being
conscious—he knew that he was in
I arr s room and that his cousin was
with him. The latter had sprung to his
side and enfolded the man’s form in his
own strong arms.

  “ Wha—what is it? ” gapped the sick
man.

  “ It’s storming, old man.. Lie down.
Its all right, said Tarr soothingly.

  The patient’s eyes rolled around in
their sockets till their glance was
focused upon his nurse. Tlien suddenly
he whispered:

   “ What day is it? ”

  “ Saturday morning,” replied Tarr in
amazement.

  “Saturday—Saturday- My God!

Let me get up. I must stop it! 1 must

stop it! Only one hundred-”

  His eyes were glazed with delirium
again, he sank back upon the pillow,
and was babbling his mysterious phrases
once more. The momentary Hash of
intelligence had gone.

  But this incident assured Tarr that
lie was right. The moment would come
when Crowding’s secret could be ob-
tained by his nurse.

  “ Nothing shall get me out of this
room again if I can help it,” thought
Tarr. “ And the next time he shows
the least intelligence I'll ask him what
it. is he wants opened. I’ll get to the
root of the matter then.”

  It was almost dawn when he looked
out of his stateroom door again upon
the wet and glistening deck. Torn rags
of cloud were scurrying overhead, ap-
parently scarcely out of the reach of the
steamship’s snubbed bowsprit as she
shot heavenward upon the heave of
every giant wave.

   About these tattered storm-flags was a
heavy and impenetrable blanket of mist,
of a dun color excepting where the wind
had whitened the edges. The dawning
day threatened to give the passengers
of the Yantic a taste of the Atlantic in
her worst mood.
140

THE ARGOSY.

  A sailor was pacing the deck directly
before the stateroom door, and lie
turned quickly to look at Tarr when the
latter appeared. The passenger was re-
minded of the surveillance which he had
noted the evening before, but put it
away.

  “ My imagination is getting the better
of my common sense/' he muttered, as
he looked off across the sea. He had
to cling to a line the instant he stepped
out upon the deck, for the slant of the
planks was painfully acute.

  Far out on the sea line he observed
a smudge of smoke. He thought of the
Babbler, which was somewhere in this
part of the ocean if the report from the
Savoird was true.

  “ What do you suppose that is out
yonder?" he asked the sailor.

  The latter glanced up at the shrouded
figure on the bridge before replying in a
low tone:

  “ I couldn’t just say, sir, barring that
it’s a steamship. She’s likely one of
our own line or a Cunarder. It might
be the Peruvian Monarch; she should
pass us hereabouts. She’s a-many miles
away from us, sir.”

  “ You have no sure way of telling at
this distance? ” asked Tarr curiously.

  “ Not now, sir. If it’s the Monarch,
she'll send aboard the news. You’ll get
it at breakfast in the extry News-
Letter.”

  “ Oh, bv the wireless system ? "

  “ Aye, sir.”

  An officer approached and the sailor
turned quickly away. Tarr went back
into his room and lay down a bit, as
Crowding seemed very quiet. The con-
stant strain and his sleepless night had
exhausted him, and he sank into a
slumber that was only broken when a
steward came with his coffee.

  Beside the urn was a note from the
captain’s clerk:

  “ Captain Holds requests Mr. Tarr’s
presence in his, the captain’s, cabin im-
mediately.”

  “ What the devil does that mean ? ”
growled Tarr. “ What does he want of
me ? ”

  “ I could not tell you, sir,” said the
man politely.

  “ But I can’t go down there now. I
can’t leave my cousin alone.”

  “ The clerk told me to remain with

him if you so desired, sir.”

  “ You can tell the clerk, with my com-
pliments, to go to the devil! ” exclaimed
Tarr in a rage. The order stirred his
bile. “No offense to you, young man,
but Crowding is much too ill for me to
leave him.”

  “ But it’s the captain’s command,
sir,” said the steward softly.

  “When the doctor comes up I’ll see
about it. Meanwhile, if Captain Holds
wishes to see me he knows where I am.”
The steward looked horrified, but
there was nothing more to say, and he
hackcd out of the rocnn.

  “ Catch me chasing around at the
beck and call of that pig-headed Eng-
lishman!” muttered Tarr, who vividly
remembered the manner of the com-
mander the day before.

  Ten minutes later Mr. Brier rapped
at the door of the cabin. The purser
was buttoned tightly into his uniform,
his face was very red, and lie puffed as
though he had hastened up from his
room, which was the truth.

  “ See here, you, sir! ” lie exclaimed.
“Mr. Tarr, if that’s your name! The
captain wants you at once.”

  Tarr was by no means appeased, and
he stepped out of the room, closed the
door so as not to disturb the sick man,
and shook his fist in the purser's face.

  “ Who the dickens are you speaking
to ? ” he demanded in a tone which made
Brier draw back. “Do you think I’m
one of your crcw ? My passage is paid
for on this steamship, and was paid for
by a man who may have some influence
with the directors of the Blue Crescent
Line.

  “ I consider that I’ve borne from your
captain about all I'll stand. Now, take
that back to him, with my compliments.
And let me tell you, sir, when you speak
to me, to be a little careful what you
say and how you say it! ”

  Brier had been opening and shutting
his month like a fish, trying to get a
word in edgewise all this time. Now he
sputtered forth:

  “ I—I reckon the man who sent you
here won’t have much influence with the
owners by the time you reach land, Mr.
Tarr. And, passenger or not, you must
obey the captain of this ship.”
DOWNING THE KING-PIN.

141

   “ I'll see him hanged first! ” declared
Tarr with emphasis. “ When the doc-
tor comes up to look after my cousin I 'll
call on the captain. But not before.'’

   “ Sir! sir! ” gasped Brier.

  But the passenger turned on his heel
and went back into the room.

  Mr. Brier had been routed out of his
early morning nap (it was his watch be-
low) to bring Tarr into the captain's
presence. He knew better than to ap-
pear before Captain Holds without him.

  But, having had a chance to cool a
little, he favored accomplishing his ends
without further trouble with the obsti-
nate passenger. So down he trotted to
the surgeon, and in a little while Dr.
Meachem entered the besieged cabin.

  “Great Scott!” he said, “you’ll get
yourself into serious trouble, sir. I’ll
stay with the patient-—how is he this
morning?—while you go down and see
the captain.”

   “ Well, I don’t know whether I will or
not,” said Tarr.

  “ Come, come, Mr. Tarr! ” advised the
physician. “ Don't get into unnecessary
trouble. Don't make matters worse
than they are.”

  Tarr wondered what he meant by this,
but although tempted to ask him, he
would not do so, finally putting on his
hat and raincoat and stepping out upon
the deck.

  Mr. Brier was waiting for him and
favored the obstinate passenger with no
cheerful face.

  “Oh, come along!” exclaimed Tarr
in disgust. “ You’re.here to take me to
the captain, I suppose. But I’d like to
know what these actions mean.”

  Brier grunted and went ahead, rap-
ping at the door of the captain’s private
suite of rooms. When he got an an-
swer from the commander he opened the
door, motioned the passenger inside and
shut the door quickly, remaining outside
himself.

  Captain Holds, in a rather undress
uniform of peajacket over his pajamas,
and a steamer rug wrapped loosely
about his legs, was seated at the table
in the chart room. He wore a white
nightcap, too, which made his face seem
redder than usual.

  “ Well, young man, you’ve taken your
time in coming here! ” he exclaimed.

. ^ usually do,” returned Tarr.

  W hat do you want of me? I am not
used to having the captains of third-
rate steamers like the Yantic play the
grand mogul with me. What is your
meaning, any way?”

  “ Look here, sir-”

  " And you listen to me!” cried Tarr
angrily. “ \ ou insulted me yesterday
on your bridge. Let me tell you that
the officials of the Blue Crescent Line
will be held accountable for your ac-
tions.

  ” And ordering me, through a subor-
dinate, to your cabin is not one of the
least things for which you will have to
answer.”

  Holds looked at him from under his
shaggy gray brows.

  “ I don’t know whether you are a fool
or a knave, young man,” he growled.

  “ And 1 am quite convinced in my
mind which you are.” Tarr said, with
blazing eyes. “ In addition, 1 wish to
know at once why you called me here.
I am in no mood for conversation with
you, Captain Holds. Be quick, please.”

  The commander of the Yantic looked
for a moment as though his temper
would burst all bounds of control, but
finally he gulped down his choler and
suddenly spread a sheet of paper on the
table between himself and the passen-
ger.

  “ Sec here,” he growled; “ here’s an-
other message. We just received it from
the Peruvian Monarch, which passed us
somewhere to the north’ard an hour or
more ago.”

  “Of what interest is it to me?” de-
manded Tarr coolly.

“ It’s addressed to you, young man.*’
was the captain’s surprising statement.

  “A wireless telegram to me!” ex-
claimed Tarr, and seized the paper in
vast amazement.

  The reading of the message did not
serve to decrease his wonderment.

  Mk. Horace Tarr, Str. Yantic, Blue
Crescent Line.—Transmitted for B. Bur-
<jess, Yet. Babbler, by Peruvian Monarch,
of the Green Star Line: Your trunk on
Yantic by mistake. Open it at once.
Matter of life or death.

Very likely Tarr read these lines over
at least ten times, and the tenth time he
142

THE ARGOSY.

understood quite as much of what he
read as he did the first—and that was
nothing at all.

  The words were there. It was type-
written in English all right. But the
message itself made absolutely no in-
telligent impression on his brain.

    Well, sir! Well, sir! ” snapped the
captain at length. “ \\ hat does that
mean ? ”

  But Tarr looked at him with unseeing
eyes, nor did he hear him for a moment.
Instead, he was trying to make head or
tail of the telegram.

  Was it a joke ? Was somebody trying
to play upon his credulity?

  It was hard enough for a man to be-
lieve in the reality of the wireless tele-
graph any way—at least, so Tarr told
himself; but to believe that a sane man
like Brandon Burgess would be trav-
eling about the North Atlantic on a big
steam yacht, searching for this steam-

(To he c

ship, merely for the sake of telling him
that there had been a mistake in a
trunk-

  What could it mean ? Was it the
trunk he had sent aboard the Babbler
(as lie supposed) the evening before the
sailing of the Yantic? Was it the
trunk marked with the red diamond and
his own initials—the trunk of which he
had been reminded when Trimble
looked through the hold ol' the steam-
ship for Helen Trainors missing prop-
erty ?

  But here Captain Holds, driven to
desperation, brought his fist down with
a crash upon the table and swore a
round oath.

  “Answer me, sir! What does that
mean?” be roared, starting from his
seat and facing Tarr across the table.
“ Answer me, sir, or by heaven I'll
put you in the brig, passenger or no
passenger! ”
itinued.)

THE RUN ON THE HERDSMAN’S.

BY EDGAR FRANKLIN.

Face to face with disaster, and the intangible ally that was finally enlisted in the fight against it.

THERE was a time, even now not
beyond the memory of some of
our graybeards, when Chicago and
Harksbury stood upoii a precisely equal
footing as regarded the killing of
beeves and the shipping of meat.

  Then times changed, as times will,
and men and their plans changed with
them. The capital that was interested
in meat-packing seemed inexplicably to
flow toward Chicago; in Harksbury the
industry stood still.

  Unavailing efforts were made to re-
vive that beautiful temporary boom.
The huge Graves slaughter-house con-
tinued a brisk enough business—even
built a group of additions in the course
of time, and eventually a big refriger-
ating plant—and some half-dozen
smaller establishments still operated,
but that was the extent of beef-dressing
done at Harksbury.

  However, the little town was not alto-
gether idle in other directions. Shoe

factories grew up, and a monster tin-
plate plant. The population swelled
from four figures to five, and progressed
cheeringly into the 'teens of thousands,
and Harksbury came to be in every way
a satisfactory city.

  It. was a great point of pride with
Harksbury that everything in town was
solid; everything paid and kept on pay-
ing.

  There was money and to spare for all
requirements, public and private—for
asphalt streets and electric lights and
sewers, for residences that grew more
ornate and expensive with each new
erection, for churches and schools and
libraries. Harksbury, in a word, existed
calmly and happily in that heavenly
state we call Assured Prosperity.

  Conceive, therefore, the shock when
one morning during the last money
panic, Harksbury awoke to find that the
Trii't Company had closed its doors!

  There were many who had had open
r

THE RUN ON

    misgivings about that Trust Company,
    and they wove a placid I-told-you-so air
    that maddened many others who had
    not.

      The former contingent was frank in
    believing that the smash would have
    come iu any event; the latter knew for
    a moral certainty—which was the fact,
    by the way—that the prevailing up-
    heaval in the money world had been at
    the bottom of the affair.

      At any rate, the Trust Company was
    out of business, temporarily at least,
    and a slate of things ensued hitherto
    unknown to smug little Harksbury.

      Something past noon that day, the
    poor young Stone Street Bank began
    to feel a sad tugging at its purse-strings.

!The tugging increased—the tuggers
grew from a long line to an uneasy
#| crowd.

      The Stone Street people paid and
    paid and paid until three o’clock. Next
    morning they continued paying and
    paying and paying.

       And at noon three or four policemen
    gently persuaded the depositors to step
    outside and the big doors closed, and
    a weary-looking clerk stepped up inside
    and pasted a little white notice on the
    glass panel.

      The Stone Street Bank had sus-
    pended, too!

       Two of ITarksbury’s financial institu-
     tions had gone by the board—two re-
     mained: the Bank of Harksburv and
     the Herdsman’s Bank, down bv the
     stockyards.

      The former held the bulk of Harks-
    bury’s ready money; and the way that
    Harksburv, having regained breath,
    descended upon it was what is some-
    times termed a caution.

       Huge notices were posted at the be-
    ginning of the rush, little circulars were
    even mailed to the depositors that first
    evening, frankly setting forth the sitna-
    lion and making it clear that Harksburv
    had it within her power either to wreck
    or to perpetuate her main bank.

      Perhaps the arguments appealed to
    the depositors collectively; it is very
    likely that they did. But individually
    each of them wanted his money, and
    wanted it right away; and the simplest
    method of satisfying the want was to
    take the next trolley down-town and get

THE HERDSMAN’S.	143

on the line that stretched a block be-
yond the Harksburv Bank.

  'lhis last run had been going on for
one solid, drearv day and part of an-
other, when young Robert Janewav,
superintendent of the Graves packing
establishment and refrigerating plant,
stepped across the alley that separated
the abattoir from the Herdsman’s
Bank, to pay a morning call upon his
brother Richard, who happened to be
eashier of the institution.

  He found the latter with an out-
thrust under lip and au unlighted cigar,
staring with just the least suggestion of
a frown at the calendar on his desk.

  Ilis face cleared, though, as the little
door swung open, and he turned with a
cheery:

  “ Hello, Bob.”

  “ Hello, Dick.” The younger man
found himself a chair and reached over
for the cigar-case that lay in sight.
“ You look chipper.”

  “ Feel so—reasonably.”

  “ You’re not worried, then?”

  “Not particularly.”

  “ Things seem to be getting pretty
lively up-town—they say there’s a
dickens of a run on the Harksbury.”
The cashier smiled amiably.

  “ So I hear.”

  “Well, why hasn't it struck the
Herdsman’s? That’s what beats me!"
ilis brother laughed.

  “ It doesn't beat me, Bob. I've been
giving a bit of thought to the subject—
naturally—and I can’t see any real
reason why there should be a run here.
For one thing, we're the richest bank in
town.”

  “ Even so. the depositors have just
that much more to get scared about.”

  “ Very true, but there's another point
as well, my boy—most of our depositors
live out of town—in the cattle country
and elsewhere.”

  “ The shoe factory people don't.'’

  “ No, of course not. But a great part
of the others do. News doesn't reach
them so quickly.”

  “Maybe not, but when it does—
phew! Won’t there be a rush for Harks-
l/ury! ”

  “ I don't know that there will.”

  “ I do! You’ll see those drovers
flock in here by hundreds and roar out
144

THE ARGOSY.

for their cash. Don’t believe it, eh?
You never can tell what's going to hap-
pen at a time like this. ’

“ No: as a matter of fact, Bob, I don t
believe it. Still ’’—his face grew grave
—“it is very true that one can t tell.”
“ And suppose there was a run ?
Could vou stand it ? ”

 « —the elder Janeway chewed
his cigar—“ it would depend very
largely on the size of the run. Things
are strained mighty hard just now, as
you seem to be aware. We haven’t much
money, and we’d have to scratch like sin
to get more. Nevertheless, we could
stand any ordinary demands on us."

  “ If they come, they won’t be ordinary
—I’ll gamble on that! ”

  “ Look here, my pessimistic young
brother.” said the cashier, “ will you
kindly drv up about runs and such like
cheerful things? Don't you suppose
I’ve been over this devilish situation
somewhere between three and four
thousand times? If a run should come,
we’d have to do the best we know how—
that’s all. But I’ve got my mind firmly
made up that there isn’t going to be any
Tun—sort of Christian Science or New
Thought treatment, I guess—and if you
have no objection, we'll let it rest at that
until we’re forced to do otherwise.’’

  “ Good, sensible way to look at it,”
the Graves superintendent commented.

  He nodded to some one passing the
glass partition.

  “Who’s that?” Richard, behind his
desk, could not sec the entrance.

  “ Carter, Dick.”

  “ Frank Carter?”

  “ Same old Frank Carter, manager of
the Smith shoe factory.”

“Yes.” The cashier shook his head
impatiently. “ He’s after his payroll,
confound him! I wish to Heaven they’d
postpone payday for a week this time! ”
“ \\ hat does it amount to? ”

  “ Oh, about nineteen hundred, as a
rule. Thunder! I don’t want to pay
that out to-day! ”

  “ Can’t, be helped,” smiled his brother.
  “ No, I suppose it can’t.”

  Richard Janeway drummed on his
desk for a moment and mentally con-
demned people who hail to have payrolls
in the middle of a money panic. He
turned quickly as a teller entered.

  “ What is it, Brown ? ”

  “ Mr. Carter, Mr. Janeway. He’s just
turned in his check for live thousand
four hundred! ”

  “Fifty-four hundred!” The cashier
gasped. “ What the deuce does he want
all that for? ”

  “ Don’t know, sir. It wipes out his
account to a few dollars, 1 think.”

  “ Five thousand four hundred dol-
lars!” muttered the elder Janeway.
“It’s nearly four thousand more than
lie’s ever drawn on Monday before! ”

  “ Yes, sir.”

  “ Must be taking on new hands up at
the shoe place,” the young brother com-
mented facetiously. “ That’s a husky
little payroll, Dick.”

  The cashier scowled, then turned to
the teller with a resigned shrug.

  “ Well, give it to him. That’s all,
Brown.”

  “ Very well, sir.”

  The door clicked again, and the
cashier whistled softly. His brother
wagged a knowing head.

  “ What did I tell you ? ”

  “ There’s no need to gloat over it,
Bob. Carter’s taken a bit of a fright—
that’s all it amounts to. I don’t blame
him altogether.”

  “And he looks relieved. There he
goes now, with a wad of greenbacks big
enough to fill a wheelbarrow.”

  “ Fifty—four—hundred ! ” Richard
repeated under his breath. “ Well, I
hope most fervently that he's the first
and last of his kind.”

  “ So do I.”

  “ Oh, pshaw, he must be! ” The
cashier was trying hard to convince him-
self. “ There's nothing to justify a run
on this bank. We’re fully equal to
weathering even this crisis, if they’ll let
us alone. We're solid in so many

ways--”

  “Aha! Another.”

  “ Another what ? ”

  “ Another old friend, Dick. Look at
him.”

  The cashier arose and glanced along
the bank; he sat down again with a
smile of satisfaction.

  “ That’s only old Jim Coles, the cat-
tleman. This is his day for depositing—
fifth of the month, you kuow. Well,
that means live or six hundred, at least.”
THE RUN ON THE HERDSMAN’S.

145

“ Does it, though ? Is he in the habit
of depositing his cash at the paying
teller’s window?”

 “ The what ? ”

 “ He’s standing there now. Yes, as
 sure as you’re born, he’s passing in a
 check to be cashed ! ”

 “ Good Lord ! ”

 Richard Janeway was on his feet
 again. He squinted down toward the
 window; finally he strolled through the
 little cages toward the teller.

 He glanced casually over the clerk’s
 shoulder. There lay a check, laboriously
 signed “Janies C. Coles,” and written
 for three thousand dollars!

 “ Ah, good-morning, Mr. Coles,” said
 the cashier, with a smile in which the
 pleasure was plainly forced.

 “ Hornin’.” The drover’s volubility
 seemed to have vanished.

 “ Fine day, isn’t it?”

 “ Toler’ble.”

 “ Making a draft on us, I see ? ”

 “ Yep.”

 “ Going to do some buying? ”

 “ Nope.”

 Janeway was rather nonplussed.
 Coles seemed dogged and avoided meet-
 ing his eye. He shifted before the win-
 dow for a moment, then grunted some-
 what gruffly:

 “ Gimme fifties and hundreds, mister.
 I’m in a hurry.”

 He received his money and left
 quickly. The cashier returned to the
 office, a troubled light in his eyes.

 “ How' much?” asked the Graves
 superintendent.

 “ Three thousand. Bob. Nearly nine
 thousand dollars paid out in ten min-
 utes ! ”

 “ Phew! ”

“ I wonder- Jimminv, it does

 look as if it were coming! ”

 “ I should say it did! And when that

 eleven o’clock train gets in-”

 “ It’s going to bring some of our out-
 of-town friends? Yes, I’m afraid that’s
 not outside the possibilities.”

 Robert glanced at the clock and re-
 called that the Graves Company was not
 paying him a salary for morning calls.
 He strolled to the door of the office, and
 was about to say good-by when the tele-
 phone bell took to ringing, lie paused.
 The cashier stepped to the ’phone.

      10 A

  “ Hello! Hello! Yes—Janeway, yes.

Oh, is this you, Thomason? ”

  '“Thomason, eh?” muttered the
younger brother. “ The Bank of Harks-
bury must be on the wire! ”

  “£ \es I—Is that so?—Yes, I knew
about it.—What? What?—Just now?
Great Csesar!—All right, thanks for let-
ting us know.—No, I don’t see that we
can do anything else.—No.—Good-by.”
When Richard Janeway turned back
his face was several shades paler.

  ‘‘ Well, the Harksbury has closed up,
Bob.”

  “ Harksbury, too! ”

  “ Yes. Thomason says that all the
big depositors must have secured first
places on the line. They’ve been abso-
lutely cleaned out—he says they’ve got
about seven dollars in cash—all told.”
44 Good gracious! ”

  “ And we’re next now! ” groaned the
cashier. “ The Christian Science treat-
ment was no go, was it? ”

  “ Seems not.”

  “ Well, skip out of here, Bob.” The
cashier ran his fingers through his hair.
“ I’ll have to think up some scheme or
other—I’m blest if I know what!”
With sympathetic words, the Graves
superintendent left.

  From his private office at the top of
the next building he watched almost in*
voluntarily for a sight he knew to be
inevitable.

  He was not disappointed. Just before
half-past eleven, knots of three or four
were to be seen coming down the street
below—big, burly, rough-clad men from
the ranches.

  They hurried, too, and at the door of
the Herdsman’s Bank they disappeared.
Afterward, singly, they emerged and
walked away more slowly.

  The news had indeed traveled, and
the run on the bank was under way!

  The one o’clock train brought more—
the one-fifty still more. They appeared
regularly at .the corner of the street
leading to the railway station: others,
resident depositors, could be seen drop-
ping olf the trolley cars two.blocks away
and scurrying toward the bank.

  Within an hour Robert came to know
perfectly what their movements would
be.

  They popped into view, walking leis-
146

THE ARGOSY.

urely. They looked down the street and
saw a group of people, and quickened
their pace. Coming nearer, they knew
the group to be at the Herdsman s, and
they ran the last half-block at lull tilt.

  At two or three-minute intervals they
stirred, swayed forward and * parted
again. A man walked, out and stepped
briskly up the street, carrying in his
pocket just so and so many dollars from
the Herdsman's treasury.

  Thus far it was a very quiet, orderly
proceeding, but for the bank it was
spelling Disaster with a large D.

  Something past three, Robert man-
aged another trip to his brother's office.

  The doors were closed, and in the
street a crowd of unsatisfied men talked
rapidly and loudly. There were gesticu-
lations, and here and there a candid
shaking of fists.

  The general opinion was all too evi-
dent—they were first on the spot, and
there they would remain until the bank
opened on the morrow and business was
resumed. Regardless of the eighteen or
nineteen hours of discomfort that must
ensue, they formed in regular order
along the wall, some lounging, some sit-
ting on the pavement, some calling to
passing boys to bring them sandwiches
or some other refreshment.

  The cashiers face was drawn when
his brother entered for the second time
that day.

  “ Your friends seem determined,” the
latter remarked.

  “ They’re all of that, Bob.”

  “ Are they going to spend the night
there? ”

  “ Looks like it.”

  “ Pshaw 1 How are things going? ”

  “ Rotten! ” replied the cashier tersely
and inelegantly.

  “ Cash running out ? ”

  “ Running out. No, it’s not—it has
run out! ”

  “ All gone ? ”

  “ All but three or four hundred dol-
lars, Bob. I instructed the tellers to
dilly-dally and fuss and fumble as much
as they could, and I fancy that they’ve
been doing it, but if three o’clock had
been ten minutes later we should have
had to suspend to-day! ”

  “ And as it is? ”

  “ We shall have to suspend about ten

minutes after we open to-morrow!”
said the cashier bitterly. “ Mercifully, a
lot. of the little fellows came in first —
that's all that saved us this afternoon.
When we open in the morning—well,
there’s Bain bridge, cashier of the tin-
plate works, sitting on the step. He’s
third in the line.”

  “ How much will he want? ”

  “ Seven thousand and something.
Can’t you see him getting it?” Richard
laughed harshly.

  “It—it does look bad!” the Graves
superintendent contributed.

  “ Bad! It’s more than bad—it’s abso-
lute ruin! And the worst of it is that
it’s entirely unnecessary. This fiendish
situation isn’t going to last more than a
day or two longer—I had wires from
Chicago this morning stating that two
or three of the big fellows are going to
resume. The panic will be over at the
end of the week—all over. And this
bank needir'L break at all unless the
depositors go to work deliberately and
smash it, as they did the Harksburv!
Why on earth can’t the fools realize
that? Why can’t they—oh, damn!”
Outside the broad window, two or
three had taken note of the cashier’s
excited mien and commented thereon.
Several more hurried to the bars before
the pane and stared curiously inward.

  Richard sat down with his back to the
crowd and lit a cigar.

  “ Well, cussing won’t help it much,”
his brother observed.

  “ I’m afraid it won’t, but—oh, well,
they’ll have it their own way, any way, I
suppose. First come, first served, and
the devil take the hindmost! ”

  “ Looks as if he would, too. just now.
See here, Dick, have you done anything
toward getting more cash?”

  “ Not being entirely daft, 1 have.
But it won’t help us now, that 1 can see.
T sent Burroughs, the assistant cashier,
up to Chicago on the two o’clock ex-
press. He’ll get. in too late to do any-
thing much to-day. In the morning.
I’ve ordered him to hustle about and
raise all the money he can before the
eleven o’clock train leaves. We'll have
to shut up shop long before eleven
o’clock, however, as things appear now
—and he may not be able to get any
money at that.”
THE RUN ON THE HERDSMAN'S.

  “ Hum.

  Robert Janeway had taken to sharp-
ening his pencil in an absent-minded
fashion. Having achieved the very per-
fection of smooth points, lie proceeded
further lo carefully carve scrolls along
the length of wood. That accomplished,
lie set about rounding off the end.

  Finally, however, he snapped the
knife-blade and looked across at his
brother with a queer Little grin.

  “ Dick, that fatal rim is cock-sure
to come in the morning, isn’t it?”

  “ Cock-sure.”

  “ And you’d like to avoid it?”

  “ Yes, we’d be real happy to avoid it,”
his brother acquiesced dryly.

   £* All right then ; we will.”

  « Hey ? ”

“ I said that we’d try avoiding it.”
u What the deuce have you in mind ? ”
‘‘What’s in the cellar?” inquired
the Graves superintendent irrelevantly.
" Eh ? Why, the vaults, of course.”

  “ What else ? ”

  “ Oh. old packing-cases in the rear,
I suppose, and the gas-meter, and the
furnace, and a couple of broken chairs.
Why ? "

  “ Never mind. Is our old friend
Timothy still night watchman?”

  “ Of course.”

  “ All right. You be sure to tell
Tiinothv to come over and see me as
soon as he reports for work. Fm going
to spend a few hours with him to-night,
just for sociability’s sake, as it were.
And the bank will open its door on time
to-morrow morning, and there’ll be no
run. I’ll guarantee" that.”

 “ But—”

  “ Oh, don’t bother about details. As
a reputable bank official, you might
have a conscience and object. Anybody
like me, who associates with a few thou-
sand chilled corpses every day, can't be
expected to distinguish between the
strictly right and the possibly wrong.
You send Timothy over, come down to
business on time in the morning—and
leave the rest to me. Good-afternoon,
lii chard.”

  He was gone; and Richard Janeway,
having stared at the closed door for a
moment, turned savagely to his desk
and came near to swearing at a brother
who could be flippant at such a time.

  Toward evening, though, he grew
more desperate, more in a mood to
snatch at straws. File outlook was Ini-
coming blacker and blacker; and when
Timothy appeared, just as he was about
to lease, the cashier paused and, with
shame in his heart, directed him to step
across the back alley to the packing-
house and ask for Mr. Robert Janeway,
who wished to see him.

  I-Ie had no particular desire to push
through that inquiring crowd outside.
He left by the rear entrance and sur-
veyed the ground from the corner.

  Undeniably, there was a quantity of
anxious ones down there by the door.
The line had grown—longer and
thicker. It covered almost the block,
and reenforcements were arriving all
the time. Another train would be due
from the ranch country at ten—another
at eight next morning. What would
happen at nine, when the bank was to
open for business ?

  Janeway knew his clientele—knew
that they lived near to nature and that
natural instinct predominated. When
they found that their money was not
forthcoming would they break loose?

  Would they not very likely tumble
pell-mell into the bank and essay a loot
—where there was nothing to loot-?
Was there not a very good chance of
their swarming in and attempting to
shoot up the outfit ?

  Well, they were perfectly welcome to
try it! Having demolished the business
standing of the institution, they might
as well make an end of the structure
itself, if it pleased them.

  The cashier shrugged his shoulders
again and strode oif for the car-line.

  He waited through most of the night
for news from Burroughs, for he had
directed that any important cheering in-
formation should be sent to his home.
None came, and toward morning he
snatched a few hours of sleep.

  Throughout the panic he had con-
sidered that the game was fairly within
his hands; now it had left them entirely,
and he became resigned to the end.

  He walked to the Herdsman's Bank
next morning fully prepared to see the
throng, further augmented, clamoring
at the doors.

  He was most pleasantly disappointed.
148

THE ARGOSY.

  Not only were the depositors refrain-
ing from battering down the panels,
but they seemed to have conceived an
actual distaste for the Herdsman s
Bank! For fifty feet either way there
was not a soul on the sidewalk—most of
the waiting crowd had assembled across
the street!

  Among those nearest the bank he
recognized the clerical force, some of
them bareheaded, standing about and
talking hard among themselves. He
pushed closer, and i rom half a dozen
directions at once he heard the word
"ammonia,” and wondered further.

  Then he was through and in the open
space—and he found himself choking
and gagging. The air was filled to suffo-
cation with the odor of ammonia !

  The doors of the Herdsman’s were
open, and the unbearable stench seemed
to surge through and into the outer air.
Janeway recalled his brothers words of
the night before, stared hard at the
open doors, and shook his head.

  For the moment it was beyond him.

  He searched for Brown, the paying
teller, and found him devoid of hat and
with red, running eyes.

  “ What’s happened, Brown?”

  “ The Lord only knows, Mr. Jane-
way.” The teller coughed and wheezed.
“ We were just getting ready to open
up when—it came!”

 “It? What?”

  “That fearful ammonia, sir! Great
Scott, it's something awful in there!
It just seemed to pour in from every-
where at once. There’s no living within
ten yards of the place, sir.”

  “ But where the deuce does it come
from ? ”

  “ One of the ice-machines in the cold-
storage plant next door burst, they say.
We sent word around to know what was
up. and that’s what they told us. They
hope to have it fixed by noon, sir.”

  The cashier, shielding his nose and
mouth with a handkerchief, tried to
enter and investigate. He walked
through the very doors, watched
curiously by the crowd, and stepped
into the main aisle of the bank.

  His stay was brief. There seemed no
breath of air in the place—every cubic
inch had been replaced by the strang-
ling fumes of ammonia gas.

  With an effort and a distress that
were in no way simulated, Janeway stag-
gered into the open air, fell, and was
dragged away by a daring clerk.

  He recovered himself in a minute or
two, and one great fact rose uppermost
in his mind—beyond all dispute, there
would be no run on the Herdsman’s
Bank until the building was clear of
that infernal smell!

  He permitted himself a quiet smile.
Whether this were chance or some of
Robert’s work, the result was glowingly
perfect.

  But a crowd of money-mad men do
not stand long upon ceremony. A sort
of informal meeting took place at about
ten o’clock, and a delegation was ap-
pointed to call at the Graves plant and
ask whether the ammonia could not be
cut off or turned away from the bank.

  They were received most politely by
the superintendent. He was charm-
ingly frank and anxious to please.

  lie told them that one of the am-
monia ice-machines had broken during
the night, while in charge of an inex-
perienced workmen; that, as they would
readily understand, no repairs could be
made until that particular cylinder had
exhausted itself and they were able to
send workmen to the spot; that, how-
ever, there was every prospect of their
getting at the job within fifteen minutes
or half an hour, when the regrettable
nuisance would, of course, cease.

  They asked why the bank was so full
of gas, and he told them that the ma-
chine, being located at the side which
abutted on the Herdsman’s, had blown
away a portion of the wall and was dis-
charging its deadly vapors straight at
the bank. He added a further brief dis-
sertation on the marvelous penetrating
powers of ammonia, and suggested that
if any one doubted his words they might
step inside and conduct a personal in-
vestigation.

  No one eared to attempt it. The dele-
gation returned to the main body and
another consultation followed.

  Something like half an hour later
they reached a new conclusion.

  It. being plainly impossible to do
business in the Herdsman’s Bank, the
sole alternative was to do it. outside.
In short, as a newly chosen committee
THE RUN ON THE HERDSMAN’S.

of three set forth to Richard Janeway,
it was the duty of the bank officials to
bring forth their cash and their hooks
ailiT conduct the banking in the street!

  Warrantably, lie declined. The com-
mittee returned. Very shortly a mur-
muring arose. The crowd drew to-
gether and advanced as a solid mass
upon the cashier.

  llere and there a rough shout arose,
demanding that the money be brought
out and paid in order. They crushed
against Janeway and the tellers and
forced them along toward the wall of
the bank, the ammonia notwithstanding.

  When finally the vapors did halt
them, the cashier leaped to one of the
lower window ledges and, clinging by
the bars, addressed them with pithy in-
formality.

  “See here, all of you!” he shouted.
“I don’t know what’s wrong in there,
but I’m not responsible for it, and I’m
not going to lose my life by going into
the vaults for money—nor am I going
to sacrifice any of the employees!
You’ll have to wait until the machine
can be fixed, when business will be re-
sumed.”

  A dozen voices yelled at him, and he
shouted again:

  “ I’m sorry you dou’t like it, but if
you think it’s possible to enter that
place just now, go right in and take all
you can lay hands on ! ”

  It was an unexpected suggestion, and,
excited as they were, they adopted it
without due .thought. With a simul-
taneous impulse, the crowd surged
about and straight toward the main
entrance.

  Jane way caught his breath and won-
dered for an instant whether he had not
been the most monumental kind of
idiot to make that last statement and
run the chance it entailed—but 110; it
was all over even then!

  The leaders, as they came to the open
doors, shrieked aloud and pushed fran-
tically backward. One or two fell prone
and were in danger of a trampling.

  Some five or six seconds they swayed
uncertainly—and the ammonia won!
To the last man the depositors Hed pre-
cipitately from the invisible, invincible
foe.

  No further talk of assault was heard.

149

 Ihere was a fluttering of handkerchiefs
 as eyes were wiped; there were cough-
 ings innumerable and curses as well, but
 110 one eared risking another rush.
 They settled instead to a season of
 dogged waiting—for they wanted their
 money, and some of them had spent the
 night waiting for it already, and they
 would wait now until the ammonia had
 dissipated itself, whether it consumed
 the day or the week!

   W hen things in general had quieted
 down, Janeway heard the tolling of
 eleven from the distant City nail clock,
 and some five or six minutes later he dis-
 tinguished the whistle of the outgoing
 train as it took a crossing beyond
 Harksburv.

   Burroughs must be in town now.
 What success had he to relate? Or had
 he returned emptv handed ?

   It was an anxious quarter-hour for
 Richard Janeway. Alternately he
 watched the crowd and the streets. The
 former was silent; the latter empty.

   He glanced finally at his watch. It
 was twenty minutes past eleven—and
 110 Burroughs!

   But as he looked again a dust-cloud
 up Crossley Street resolved itself into
 a span of galloping horses. Janeway
 knew them on the instant—Dr. Parkers
 gray team—and Parker was a great
 friend of Burroughs!

   Something less than a minute later
 all doubt was past. With a clatter of
 hoofs and shouts of warning from the
 two men in the carriage, the span
 trotted briskly through the crowd and
 drew up before the bank.

   Janeway waved them away from the
 entrance. Burroughs stood erect, and
 in either hand was a heavy leather
 satchel.

   “ It’s all right!” he sang out joy-
 . ously. “ Cadman and Paulson have both
 started up again, and the Third
 National. Brooks, & Company and
 Phillips Brothers and' three or four
 more resume to-morrow! ”

   “Did you get money?” the cashier
 inquired in low tones.

   “ One hundred and fifty' thousand*
 right here! I didn’t even wait to get dev
 tectives to come with me! ”

   Janeway leaped to his side and raised
 a hand for silence.
150

THE ARGOSY.

  "Will you please form in Hue and
present checks to rue here?’7 he cried.
“ 1 think-we shall be able to accommo-
date everybody. Jenkins and Brown,
will you come here and give me and
Mr. Burroughs a hand?

  Human nature, as some one may have
observed before this, is a queer thing.
Five minutes before the cro^yd had been
almost ready for bloodshed, so that it
secured them their money. Now anx-
ietv vanished as if by magic.

  Some two or three dozen lined up
beside the doctor's carriage. Before
their turns came, half had dropped out.
The body of the throng talked excitedly
and argued among themselves for a
time, and then departed.

  The run on the Herdsman’s was prac-
tically over.

  Some thirty minutes later the street
was clear save for those directly inter-
ested in the bank's operation. Janeway
was explaining to Burroughs why the
place could not be entered, when a voice
came from the doorway.

Won’t you step in and sit dbwn?”

  It was the Graves superintendent.
Hi* face was covered by a heavy cloth,
and he blinked painfully, but some-
where behind the covering lurked the
=emblance of a grin.

  " The air's more breathable now/’ he
supplemented thickly.

  But the best part of another half-
hour had elapsed before the brothers,
choking still, found themselves alone by
the open window of the cashier’s office.

  “ Well, the bank opened her doors,
didn’t she? And there was no run, was
there ? ”

  “ There certainly was no run, Bob.
How on earth did you manage to smash
an ice-machine in such a fashion that
this whole building next door was
filled ? ”

u Ice-maehines don’t smash in a

plant that I run,” returned the younger

brother serenely. “ Ours have been
going without a hitch for the last six
months.”

 <• Then-”

 “ Where did the ammonia come
from? How does this strike you? ”

  Tie raised his arm and turned on the
gas-jet. A strange, lively hissing re-
sulted, and he quickly shut it off again.

“ I guess you’ll smell a little more
ammonia in a minute,” he commented.
The cashier smiled in bewilderment.
“ You don’t mean to say that, you
turned ammonia gas into those pipes
last night ? ”

  “ But I did, ray boy. With the assist-
ance of your good Timothy, I opened
your supply pipe down-stairs by the
meter, hitched ou a few lengths of
piping which protruded from our cellar,
and coupled a cylinder of compressed
ammonia at the other end. We left all
the gas-cocks opeu, and at eight-thirty
sharp this morning 1 started things up
with a monkey wrench. Say, Dick, you
should have seen your clerks break for
the open! ”

    Well, I’ll be everlastingly hanged! ”
the cashier muttered.

  “ You needn’t be. It was a very
bright, bizarre little idea, I will admit,
but it’s going to cost you just ninety-
seven dollars in cash. That’s the value
of the gas I’ve squirted in here to-day,
and I don’t care to have the transac-
tion on the books.”

  Silently the cashier walked out.
When he returned it was with a hundred-
dollar bill.

  Robert pocketed it indifferently,
selected another cigar, and headed for
the door.

  “ I’ll keep the odd three,” he ob-
served. “ I need a new hat, and I’ve
earned it. By-by, Dicky. Get busy with
your banking business!”

    A SUMMER PICTURE.

 Within the garden poppies spring,

 And tangled sweet pea vines have spun
 A rosy-tissued web, and run
 Along the orchard fence, to cling
 Beneath the trees where robins sing,

 While to and fro the mowers swing

Their scythes athwart the sun.	Evalcen Stein.
WHO AND WHY?*

BY BERTRAM LEBHAR.

A story of college life with a tragic start and an atmosphere of solution-defying mystery.

SYNOPSIS OF CHAPTERS PREVIOUSLY PUBLISHED.

    Arthur Stanton, toastmaster of the freshman dinner at Old Orange College, is kidnapped by nine
sophomores. They give him chloroform to keep him quiet, hut are horrorstricken to find him dead on their
hands. It seems that he had been stabbed with a dagger of glass, and the nine sophomores are summoned
to President Cady’s house, where Coroner Jackson and Chief of Police Cottrell place them under arrest
(they have already been suspended) for complicity in the murder of Stanton, who had been paying atten-
tion to Effie Hilton, in whom Courtney is also interested. Courtney is one of the nine, but fails to respond
when his uair.e is read off by Cottrell. It seem3 that he has been seen leaving town, satchel in hand.
A search of Courtney’s rooms shows that his departure was hurried, and also results in tee finding of
the handle and upper portion of a glass dagger among his things. -

    The eight sophomores present are placed under arrest, and a telegram is sent to Courtney. He
appears on the following day under charge of officers sent to his native town, whither he h3d gone believing
himself expelled from the college by the rules already existing against hazing.

     Professor Starling, an amateur detective, secretly undertakes the case, and decides chat the murder
was committed by a woman. The clues seem to lead to Effie Hilton.

    At the preliminary trial it is discovered that Miss Hilton had, in a spirit of perversity, refused
Courtney's offer of marriage, telling him of a previous engagement to Stanton which had been arranged
in their childhood by their respective parents.

Ormsby’s testimony is the only direct evidence against Courtney, but the jury renders a verdict of guilty.

CHAPTER X.

  THE PROFESSOR ASKS QUESTIONS.

AFTER the coroners inquest Court-
ney was taken back to his cell, to
be kept there some weeks awaiting trial.

  He had not been there for more than
half an hour when he received a visit
from Professor W ilson, of Old Orange
law school.

  “ Courtney” began the professor,
“ at the request of President Cady, who
takes a warm interest in you and greatly
regrets the straits in which you are
placed, I have come to offer to take your
case.”

  Courtney was sitting dejectedly in a
corner of his cell with his elbows on,his
knees and his hands supporting liis chin.

   “ Very well,” he said almost listlessly,
“I shall be glad to have you undertake
my defense, professor. 1 know that, if
anybody can save me, you can. ’

  “ I can save you, my boy, and I will.
I am going to make the fight of my life
to do it. At present 1 must admit the
case against you looks pretty strong.
Even at the coroner’s inquest the police

have forged an almost incontrovertible
chain of evidence.

  “ By the day of the trial they will have
strengthened this chain considerably, in
all probability, and you must admit that
the circumstances are all against you."

  “ You didn’t come here to tell me
that, professor,” protested Bob wearily.

  “ 1 know.I did not. Now, Courtney,
my boy, this sullen air will not do at
all. Don't act like a guilty man, for 1
know that you are not such. Throw up
your head and keep up your spirits and
we will break through this cloud yet.
You must give me all the help you can,
though, my boy.”

  “I help vou? Why, how can 1 do
that ? ”

  “ Easily. First of all, you must an-
swer all my questions truthfully. Re-
member I am your counsel and you must
conceal nothing from me. Now I want
to know how the police came to find that
dagger in your room.”

  “ See here, Professor Wilson.” said
Courtney, starting suddenly to his feet.
“ T of course appreciate your desire to
help me, and naturally I have no wish to
The two back numbers will be mailed to any

1 This story began in the June issue of Tub Argosy.

address on receipt of 20 ccnts.
152

THE ARGOSY.

die an ignominious death on tlie gallows
if I can help it; but, nevertheless, I can-
not answer a single one of your ques-
tions—that one particularly. If you
want to undertake my defense you must
do it without asking me to answer a
single question. I would rather go to the
gallows than do so.”

  “ Well, well! This is most extraor-
dinary/' said Professor Wilson in
amazement. “ 1 never heard of a
prisoner refusing to confide in his coun-
sel before except when he was guilty of
the crime, and even then many have
trusted their lawyers with a full con-
fession beforehand and got off scot free
as a consequence.”

  “ Think me guilty if you want to, pro-
fessor/’ said Courtney with a bitter
laugh; “ perhaps I am. Those are the
only terms, however, on which 1 will
consent to being defended at all. If
you want to take up my case, you must
not, 1 repeat, expect me to answer a
single question.”

  “ But, my dear fellow, don't be ab-
surd. How can I build up any sort of
defense without your help? Be reason-
able. Tell me at least why you fled to
Slocum Corners, instead of awaiting de-
velopments as the others did.”

  “I can tell you nothing, professor.
If you can’t build up a defense without
my help, why, let me hang. I won’t
blame you any.”

  “You're not guilty, are you, my
boy? ” asked the lawyer in so anxious a
tone that the words were robbed of all
offense.

    You can believe me so if you wish,”
replied Courtney obstinately. “ I may
plead not guilty to the charge, or I may
change my mind even about that.
What do I care if I am hanged or if I
am freed ? ”

  “ And you won’t tell me how that
dagger came into your room?”

  “ I must respectfully decline.”

  “ You are assuming a very foolish at-
titude.”

  “Possibly so; but. remember, profes-
sor, these are the only terms on which
I will consent to being defended at all.
Don’t think, please, that I do not appre-
ciate your kindness and the'kindness of
President Cady. It is impossible, how-
ever, for me to make any explanations

about this affair. I must let things
take their course and trust to fate.”
“If you persist in this silence there
is not one chance in a thousand of
getting you off. Do you understand
that?”

  Bob’s only reply was a shrug of his
shoulders.

  “ Well,” said Professor Wilson al-
most angrily, “ perhaps you’ll change
your mind later on and desist from this
stubborn course. 1 will leave you now
and do all I can to help you. Think
this thing over and see if you would not
be doing better by taking me into your
confidence.”

  Professor Wilson left the prison, and
as he walked up the road to the uni-
versity he met Professor Starling.

  “Hello, Wilson!” exclaimed the lat-
ter. “ Just been to visit your client, I
suppose ? ”

  “Yes, 1 have;” was the moody reply.
“ Guess you will have a hard job to
get him acquitted, eh?”

  “ I shan’t be able to get him ac-
quitted at all,” burst out Wilson angrily.
“ The confounded young ass will hang
for a crime I am almost sure he did not
commit.”

  “ What! You don’t mean to say you
have despaired of the case already?”

  “ Yea, that is just what 1 do mean to
say. I can’t get any help out of the
young fool. He won’t, answer any of
my questior.3 or take me into his con-
fidence at .ill. Maintains a haughty,
indifferent manner, as if I were the pub-
lic prosecutor instead of the lawyer for
the defense.”

  “The deuce you say! Did you tell
him that he was running a desperate
risk by such a course ? ”

  “ I most certainly did. I told him he
would positively hang if he did not open
up to me. The silly ass replied that he
didn’t care if he was hanged or not.”
“ Most extraordinary attitude to as-
sume. Well, we must save him some
way."

  “Save him! With that strong cir-
cumstantial evidence against him, 1 tell
you there isn’t a chance in the world.
Why, 1 almost begin to believe in his
guilt myself.”

  “ Nevertheless, we will save him. I
am working on this thing, too, my dear
WHO AND WHY ?

153

Wilson. Before the day of the trial I
will put you in possession of some evi-
dence which will surprise you as much
as it will the judge and the jury. Court-
ney will go free without any doubt.”

  “ You surprise me greatly, Starling,”
rejoined the lawyer. “ Can’t you give
me tliis evidence now and allow me more
time to amplify ? ”

  “ No, I can’t do that because there are
still some links incomplete and I want
to work the whole thing up to a finish
alone and unaided. Perhaps in a day
or two, though, I will offer you the
results of my careful investigations,
which will cause a greater surprise than
any scandal which has ever shaken Old
Orange society.'”

  “ You don’t tell me! Well, I am all
impatience to hear what it can he. 1
hope that it is really good and strong,
for the case certainly needs it. We
haven’t got a leg to stand on at present,
with Courtney’s confounded obstinacy
to handicap us.”

  “ Wait until 1 get through and you
will have two legs to stand on. My dis-
closures will also explain somewhat
Courtney’s stubbornness, 1 think.”
With that the two professors parted.
Late that evening Professor Starling
paid a visit to the home of the Hiltons.

  “ Is Miss Hilton within?” he asked
of the maid who responded to his ring.

  “ No, sir. None of the family is home
at present.”

  ‘‘ Good. My girl, tell me what is your
name.”

  “ Ruth, sir.”

  “ Well, Ruth, can vou tell me what
this is ? ”

  “ It looks like a ten-dollar bill, sir,”
answered the girl.

  “ Exactly. A bright girl—a very
bright girl. One of the brightest girls
[ have seen for many years. This is
a ten-dollar bill—absolutely correct.
Now, how would you like to own this
ten-dollar bill, Ruth?”

  The girl appeared undecided whether
to close the door in this strange man’s
face or to continue the colloquy. Avarice
inclined her to the latter course, how-
ever. Ten dollars was a lot of money in
her eyes.

  “ What is it you want ? ” she asked
suspiciously.

  “ Don’t be alarmed. Ruth. I am Pro-
fessor Starling, of Old Orange Univer-
sity. See, here is my card. I want you
to answer a few questions in return for
which you shall receive this brand new
ten-dollar bill. Is it a go?”

    V	ou can ask the questions, sir,” re-
plied the girl pertly. “ If I don't care
to answer them, that’s another matter.'5

  “ Well, for a starter, what kind of
perfume does Miss Effie use? ”

  “What an extraordinary question!
Why, I guess there is no harm in
answering that. Jockey Club, sir.”

  “ Jockey Club. Very good; very
good indeed, Ruth. And what kind of
note paper does your Miss Eftie use gen-
erally ? ”

  “ That I don’t know, sir. I think she
has several kinds of writing paper, as
all young ladies have—some fancy and
some plain.”

  “Humph! Now tell me, Ruth, just
what you know about poor Mr. Stanton.
Did he come to this house ver}- often? ”
“ He did, sir; quite often.”

  “ And was he very friendlv with Miss
Effie?”

  “ He was, sir. We understood as how
they was once going to be married.”

  “ Do you think that Miss Eftie is
very grieved over his death?”

  “ She does take on a little about it.
but then of course it didn't mean so

much to her since-” The girl

stopped abruptly and colored up.

  “ Since what? Go on, my gill,” said
the professor eagerly.

  “ Nothing, sir. My, how one's
tongue do slip away with them when
one isn’t careful! I was goin’ to say
something I shouldn’t have mentioned.”
“ Oh, yes, you should, Ruth,” coaxed
the professor in his most wheedling
tone. “ Since what ? Come, tell me.” *
“ I can’t, sir. It is something that I
mustn’t tell to anybody.”

  The professor held the ten-dollar bill
temptingly before the girl’s eyes.

  “ Tell me what you want to know and
what all this questioning means.” she
demanded.

  “ I want to try to clear an innocent
man of the charge of murder. If you
will tell me all you know, my girl, you
will save an innocent man from the gal-
lows. If you hold back important evi-
154

THE ARGOSY.

dence, yon are a murderess. Do you
hear that, Ruth—a murderess? ”

  The girl shuddered.

  “ It isn't for the ten dollars, sir—
don’t think that lor a minute. But I
can't see anybody what is innocent suf-
fer hanging by the neck untii he is dead,
and I don't want to be no murderess- ’
•• Then tell me what it was that hap-
pened which made Miss Effie care less
for poor Stanton than she did for-
merly/-’

  “ Well, sir, they had a quarrel.”

  « A quarrel? What about, my girl?
Come, tell me all you know, and 1 will
add another five dollars to this ten.

  The girl’s eyes sparkled greedily.

  “ 1 don't know how they started it,
sir. You see, I only heard it from out-
side in the hallway. You see, 1 couldn't
help hearing it, sir; they spoke in such
loud voices^ I hope you won’t think
that I would deliberately listen at a key-
hole, sir.”

  “ Of course you wouldn't, my girl.
Tell me quickly, what did you accident-
ally hear 1- ”

  " I heard Mr. Stanton tell Miss Effie
that he was going to get married to an
actres> and he asked Miss Effie to re-
lease him from his promise to marry
her.”

And what did Miss Effie say?”

  “ She seemed kind of bitter. Spoke
in that loud, haughty tone she can use
so well. She said something about Mr.
Stanton's being mistaken about there
being any arrangement between them;
that she hadn't made up her mind to
accept him, any way. She hoped that
they would both be very happy. She
didn't sound as if she meant what she
said, though, for she seemed horribly
angry/'

  “And what happened after that?”
" Mr. Stanton left soon afterward. 1
met Miss Effie on the stairway. There
were tears in her eyes and she looked
very pale, but real scornful-like and
handsome.”

  “And when did this little quarrel
take place, Ruth?”

  u Last Monday afternoon, sir.”

  “ Last Monday afternoon—the day
of the murder. Hah!” The professor
could not repress the exclamation of
triumph wliich rose to his lips.

  “I hope that you are not trying to

iusinuatc that Miss Effie-” cried the

girl, suddenly wide awake.

  “ Miss Effie? Bless me, no! Why,
the idea! Thank you, my girl. You
have helped me considerably in my
efforts to clear an innocent man of this
fearful crime, llere is the fifteen dol-
lars.”

  The girl took the money almost un-
willingly, despite her previous eager-
ness.

  “ Oh, what have I done? What have
1 done? 1 shouldn't have told you any-
thing about it,” she said, beginning to
cry.

  “ Hush, my girl. It will be all right.
You have done only your duty. Don’t
cry. YTou will get into no trouble.”

  “ You won’t tell Miss Effie that 1 told
you ? ”

  “ I will not, Ruth; but hush, here she
comes now, unless I am very much mis-
taken/’

  Effie, with her mother, was entering
the garden gate. Professor Starling
doffed his hat.

  “ I have been waiting to have a few
words with you, Miss Hilton,” he said.

  <£ Certainly, professor. How careless
of Ruth to keep you waiting outside on
the stoop. Come right up-stairs into
the cozy-room, please. We shall be
more comfortable there.”

  “ My luck is with me,” the professor
told himself. “ She probably has her
typewriter in her eozy-room. I was
afraid that she might ask me into the
parlor.”

  Professor Starling's supposition
proved correct. As Effie led the way
into her favorite apartment and lit the
gas with her own hand, he noticed the
typewriter on the table in the corner.

  Leisurely and unostentatiously he
walked over to the machine. One
glance told him what he wanted to
know. It was a double keyboard make.

  That one glance told the professor
even more.

  On the table beside the typewriter
was an open box of writing-paper—
plain white writing-paper of the same
style as that on which the anonymous
letter was written. From the interior
of the box came a faint odor of Jockey
Club perfume.
WHO AND WHY ?

  “ Well, professor,” said Effie cor-
dially, sinking on the lounge and mo-
tioning him to a comfortable armchair.
" 1 very glad to sec yon and hope
that 1 can he o£ some service to you.”
\ on can. Miss Hilton, replied the
professor, slowly rising and taking from
his pocket a typewritten letter. You
wrote this anonymous communication to
President Cady. As one of the faculty
of Old Orange University, I want you
to tell me why you did it.'’

  Effie’s face flushed scarlct.

    How do you know that I wrote it? ”
she said stiffly.

  *	I have every proof. Miss Hilton, is
it necessary to go into that? Will you
not confess that you wrote it and save
lime and trouble?”

  “ Well, yes,” replied the girl slowly.
“ I will confess that I wrote it, since
}’ou put the Question so positively.
What of it?”

  “ Why did you write that letter?”

  “ Because 1 wanted those cowards
punished for hazing a defenseless fresh-
man.”

  “ I don't quite understand.”

  “ I should think that my words were
perfectly comprehensible, professor. I
will explaiu more fully. 1 was at this
window when I saw • the kidnapping
taking place across the campus there at
the left-wing dormitory. 1 detest those
hazing plots, they are so cowardly. It
is many men against one who has no
show. Of course 1 did not then know
who were the parties concerned. I
could not recognize them at that dis-
tance, and, besides, the men were
masked.”

  “ You knew that it was Stanton who
was being kidnapped? ”

  “ Yes, 1 recognized him. But if it
had been any other man my sympathies
would have been with him equally.”

  “ But my dear Miss Hilton, if you
could not recognize the faces of these
men, how did yon know their names,
which were mentioned in your anony-
mous letter?”

  For a minute the girl hesitated.

  “ That is perfectly simple,v she an-
swered. “ 1 was unable to sleep, and
was standing at my bedroom window
several hours later when the men came
home from their expedition. I recog-

155

nized the face of each as he passed the

house.”

    In the dark? asked the professor
dubiously.

     I hat street lamp yonder lighted up
their laces with perfect clearness.”

    Oh, yes; of course. And you sent
that anonymous letter because you dis-
approved of hazing?”

    Not at all. Knowing that the pen-
alty was expulsion, I would not have
acted the part of an informer, no matter
how much 1 personally detested the
act,” replied the girl, with eyes flashing
scorn and defiance at the professor.

'• Then why did yon send ihe letter? ”
‘‘Because early that morning mv
brother brought the news to me that he
had heard from a freshman that Stan-
ton had been murdered. Then I
deemed it my duty to inform President
Cady of what I knew about the matter.”
“ And in that event, Miss Hilton, why
is it that you omitted from your letter
the names of two of the participants?”
“ Ormsby did not come back with ihe
others. I did not see him and did not
know that he was with the party."

  “ Well, how about the other kidnap-
per, Robert Courtney?”

  As the professor asked the question
he looked at the girl keenly. -Her eyes
fell beneath his gaze and again the warm
blood rushed to her face.

u Professor Starling.” she said. “ why
do you cross-examine me this way?”

  “ Did you know that Courtney was
among those kidnappers? “ asked the
professor, ignoring her question.

  “I did.”

  *k Then why did you omit his name
from the list ? ”

  The girl raised her eyes and fairlv and
squarely met those of the professor.
Over her strong, handsome face came a
look of quiet determination.

  •' I wanted to shield him—because I
love him,” she said.

  “Ah!” said the professor, and fum-
bled in his coat pocket for a minute,
taking therefrom a little lace handker-
chief with two round holes cut in it.

  “ Miss Hilton,” said the professor
very gravely, “ is not this your handker-
chief ? ”

  The girl took the handkerchief and
examined it carefully.
156

THE ARGOSY.

  “ No,” she answered; “ I have never
seen it before.'’

CHAPTER XI.

TWO STARTLING SURPRISES-

  When EfTie Hilton declared that the
handkerchief was not hers, her denial
somewhat staggered Professor Starling.

  Of course it was hardly to be ex-
pected that the girl would freely admit
that the handkerchief belonged to her
when she must have known what such
an admission would imply.

  There was so much earnestness in
EtHe's manner, however, when she made
her denial, and she had such an air of
telling the truth as well as of being in
ignorance of the significance of the
question, that the professor experienced
a sharp pang of disappointment.

  If she had stammered out a wild, pas-
sionate denial—if she had shown the
slightest evidences of confusion or had
launched into vehement, exaggerated
protestations of innocence—he would
have been sure that his chain of evi-
dence had led him aright; but the
coolness and sincerity of Efrie’s maimer
made him begin to doubt his ground.

  “ Either the girl is the cleverest
actress and the most treacherous and
heartless woman I have ever met,” he
said to himself, “or 1 have been mis-
taken in suspecting her in this affair.
In that event, who was the woman who
did this thing? The only answer that
suggests itself is the actress who, Eflie
says, was engaged to marry poor Stan-
ton. I must learn more about this
actress as soon as possible.”

He turned to Effie a trifle uneasily.

  “ Miss Hilton,” he said, “ would you
forgive me if I asked you rather an im-
pertinent question? ”

  “ Have not most of your questions
-o far been more or less on the verge of
the impertinent? ” suggested Eflie, with
the shadow of a smile on her lips.

  “ I want to ask you about your quar-
rel with young Stanton.”

  Effie started from her seat as if she
had been shot.

  “My quarrel with Stanton! Who
told you of that? ” she cried, white and
trembling.

  *e Never mind w'ho told me. I know of
it. I know that you quarreled with him
the day he died and that he told yoii
he was going to marry an actress, and
left you very angry as a consequence.”
“ You are mistaken, sir, in that last
respect. Young Stanton’s plans were of
the utmost indifference to me.”

  “ He would have married you,though,
if this actress had not intervened to
claim his affections?” suggested the
professor mercilessly.

  “ You are a little wrong there,” said
the girl haughtily. “lie might have
wished to marry me, but I should never
have consented to marry him."

  “ Why ? "

  “ Because I did not love him and I
did love—somebody else.”

  “ But, love apart, you would have ob-
tained his uncle’s fortune by marrying
him. lie and you both knew that.”
“Yrour words have ceased to be
merely impertinent, siT; they are down-
right insulting.”

  “ I must ask your pardon if they have
become so, Miss Ililton,” said the pro-
fessor, “ but I am acting in the interest
of one who is dear to both of us. I am
trying to clear Bob Courtney of this
murder charge and place this crime
where it belongs.”

  “ Then why do you comc to me ? How
can I help you ? I wish that I could.”
Professor Starling hesitated for a
second and his face turned a trifle paler.
Then he said firmly, looking the girl
straight in the eyes:

  “ Because the strongest of evidence
now in my possession shows that this
murder was committed by a woman;
because, moreover, this woman is
known to have used Jockey Club per-
fume and to have been acquainted with
the undergraduates of Old Orange;
because this woman was the owner of
this lace handkerchief.”

  The professor stopped, for ElTie had
risen and stood facing him indignantly.

  “No need to go on, professor,” she
=aid icily. “ You think that 1 murdered
poor Arthur Stanton, do you not? ”

  1 here was just the suspicion of tears
in her eyes, but her voice was firm. The
professor felt very uncomfortable. This
was a more desperate job than he had
imagined.
WHO AND WHY ?

157

  “ No,” he said; “ not quite that, Miss
Hilton. I will admit that I did be-
lieve that you were guilty of this deed
up to the time when 1 entered this room
to-night. Now, however, since you have
denied the ownership of the handker-
chief, 1 am convinced that the murder
was committed either by yourself or
by the actress whom Stanton was to
marry.”

  “ The actress Arthur was to marry
was in London when the murder was
committed. Did you not know that?”
replied the girl. “ She is filling a three-
months’ engagement at the Prince of
Wales Theater, and as she gives a per-
formance every night the lady should
have no difficulty, 1 think, in proving
an alibi. That leaves me the sole sus-
pect, and under the circumstances, pro-
fessor, you will excuse me if I wish you
a very good night.”

  The professor found himself ushered
out of the house before he could utter a
word of expostulation.

  “Well, well!” he muttered to him-
self. “ She certainly is the most pecu-
liar combination of a firebrand and
icicle 1 have ever come across. God
help poor Courtney if he should be
saved from the gallows to be married
to her!”

  The professor, as may be guessed, was
a confirmed woman-hater and held the
entire sex in dread.

  As he walked out of the front door
of the Hilton cottage and was proceed-
ing slowly up the road, he heard the
sound of footsteps hastening after him
and he knew that they were the steps of
a woman.

  He turned quickly, half suspecting
that it was Effie come to assassinate him,
for he stood in considerable fear of the
girl. To his great relief, he saw that
it was Ruth, the Hiltons’ servant girl.

  “ Oh, sir,” gasped the girl, “ you did
not tell her, did you ? ”

  “ Don’t be alarmed; I have got you in
no trouble,” answered the professor.

  “ Don’t let on that it was I who told
you, will you, sir? 1 heard all that you
said to her. I happened to be standing
outside the door.”

  “Seems to be an unfortunate habit
of yours—that listening act,” remarked
the professor dryly.

  I just happened to accidentally

overhear it, sir. I hope that you don't
think I was deliberately listening at the
keyhole, sir," protested the girl.

  ‘ Of course I do not/’ answered the
professor in a tone that belied his words.
“ But why have you followed me now,
my girl ? There are no keyholes out
here.”

  “ Because I heard all that you said,
and I have made up my mind to tell vou
all.”

  “To tell me all! Do you know more
than you have already told me? Come,
answer me quickly ! ”

  “Yes, sir. I know something that
I had made up my mind to tell to abso-
lutely nobody, but I have been thinking
it over these last few minutes and 1 have
made up my mind that it is my duty
to save poor Mr. Courtney, no matter
how much trouble it gets Miss Effie
into.”

  “ Quite right, my girl. Tell me
quicklv what is this information you
have so properly determined to give

me ? ”

  “ Simply this, sir. and I beg you to
keep it secret and not let Miss Effie or
Mr. Courtney know that I told you. On
the sad day that we all learned poor Mr.
Stanton had been murdered (last Tues-
day, it was) Air. Courtney visited this
house.”

  “ Ah ! ” exclaimed Professor Starling.
“At what time, Ruth?”

  “In the morning, sir. He rang the
bell and I answered his ring. He came
to see Miss Effie, but she had gone out
with her mother. He asked for permis-
sion to come in and write a note to Miss
Effie, and I asked him into the cozy-
room, where Miss Effie has her desk and
writing materials.

  “ Mr. Courtney went to Miss Effie’s
desk and spent several minutes scrib-
bling on several sheets of letter paper,
all of which he tore up after writing a
few words on each.

  “ Then he changed his mind and came
out to me and said 41 guess I won't
write her a note after all.’ Then he
left, saying he was going down to the
police station to see if Miss Effie and
Mrs. Hilton had gone there to see poor
Mr. Stanton’s body.

  “ About an hour afterward he came
158

THE ARGOSY.

rushing back, hot and out of breath. He
had evidently been -running hard. He
gasped out that he had left hid pen-
knife up-stairs and wanted to get it.
I was surprised to see him again, and
in such a state of excitement, too. He
rushed up-stairs to the cozy-room and
1 watched him through the keyhole, for
he shut the door behind him. What do
you think he did, sir?"”

  “What? Speak quickly, girl,’7 said
the professor excitedly.

  •• He ran Tight to Miss Effie’s desk,
stooped to the floor and picked up from
a corner under ihe desk a little flashing
object that looked like the handle of a
dagger with half a blade of glass. He
put this quickly into his pocket and
rushed out of the house."

  " Good Heavens, girl! Are you sure
of this)1 ”

  “ Absolutely positive, sir. I could
see the handle of the dagger and the
glass blade quite clearly. I couldn’t
understand at the time why he did it,
but since I heard you accuse Hiss Etfie
01 the murder I begin to understand a
little more."

  “ Hush, girl, hush! Don’t breathe a
word of this to any one. Y'ou are a
good girl, though, to have told me of it.
You are sure that Courtney got the
dagger from underneath Miss Effie’s
desk ? ”

  “ Positive, sir."

  “ And did you ever see the dagger
before that day? ”

  “ I never did, sir. That was the first
and last time I laid eyes on it.”

  “ Well,” said the professor, “ it may
not mean anything, or it may mean
much. Perhaps Courtney put the dag-
ger there on his first visit and then
repented of the act and came back for it
afterward.*’

  '* I am sure he did not, sir, for I was
watching him all the while he was in the
room the first time.”

  “ That time you really were looking
through the keyhole, eh, Ruth?" sug-
gested the professor.

  “No. I was not, sir; the door was
ajar. I ain’t the keyhole-spying sort
of a girl, I would have you to under-
stand, sir."

  “ Well, well, Ruth! You had better
get back to the house before your ab-

sence is discovered. I thank you very
much for what you have told me.”

  “ 1 like Mr. Courtney, and I ain’t
going to see him suffer for somebody
else,” said the girl as she turned away.

  “The she-devil!5' muttered the pro-
fessor as he continued on his way.
“ The she-devil! So I was right in my
suspicions, after all, and the handker-
chief did belong to her! "

  At this point he met Professor
Wilson, still looking worried and de-
spondent.

  “ Starling,” said the lawyer, “ I seem
to be always meeting you lately. I hope
you are soon going to spring that
startling surprise in the Courtney case.”

  “ Y'es, sir,” replied Professor Star-
ling, “ 1 will spring part of it now if you
like. I know who committed that
murder."

 “The deuce you sa}r! Who was
he?"

  “It wasn’t a ‘he’ at all; it was a

‘she/ "

  “ A she! Why, what woman would
have done it ? "

  “ Wilson, Arthur Stanton was mur-
dered by Effie Hilton."

  “ Miss Hilton? Good Heavens, man,
you are absolutely crazy! Is this the
grand sensation you promised me?”

  “ It is, and what I am telling you is
absolutely true. Don’t ask me to ex-
plain any further to-night, because I
don’t intend to do it. Perhaps to-
rn orrow 1 will give you convincing
proofs. Any way, I will do so before
the day of Courtney’s trial."

  Starling Avas turning to go, but the
lawyer seized him roughly by the shoul-
der.

  “See here, Starling/’ he said, “you
don't think for a moment that you are
going to get away like this. Y*ou
don’t seriously mean to charge Miss
Effie with this foul murder, do you? ”

  “ I most certainly do. So will you
when I tell you all I know. Come up
to my room to-morrow evening and 1
will perhaps be in a position to give you
the entire evidence. You will he sur-
prised and convinced when you hear it,
old man.

  “ It astounded me when I made the
discovery, but there isn’t the shade of a
doubt of my being right. Any jury
WHO AND WHY ?

159

would convict her on the evidence I
have.”

 “Good Heavens! And you won't
tell me any more to-night?”

  “Not to-night, Wilson. I have one
or two little questions to clear up before
I confide my ease to anybody. See me
to-morrow night at mv room. L hope
to be able to tell you everything then.”
■■ Well, well! ” said the lawyer to him-
self as he left Starling. “The man
must be crazy to accuse Effie Hilton of
such a crime. But if he should be right!
Good Heavens, that would explain
Courtney’s reticent attitude, though!
We know that he loves her. He may be
forced to maintain silence in order to
shield her. I certainly will keep that
appointment with Starling to-morrow
night, and 1 wish it was to-morrow night
now. Starling can generally be de-
pended upon to have a level head.”
Meanwhile the professor of chemistry
was unlocking the door of his bachelor
apartment. As he stood there, keys in
hand, he heard the sound of somebody
ascending the stairs.

  The person was approaching with a
heavy tread and presently stood revealed
before the professor in the uniform of a
Western Union messenger boy.

  “ I have a telegram fpr Professor
Starling,” gasped the youngster. “ Is
he here?”

  “ Yes: 1 am Professor Starling.”

  “ Sign this receipt first/' demanded
the careful boy.

  The professor complied with his in-
structions and eagerly tore open the
envelope, then uttered a cry of surprise
as he read its contents.

  It was a telegram from Billy Hilton,
sent from Ossington, and it ran:

Professor Starling,

       Old Orange University.

  Come here at once, if possible. Most ex-
traordinary discovery. Found Stanton’s uncle
in his room with his brains blown out and
pistol in hand. Evidently a suicide. Aston-
ishing circumstances surrounding same. Don’t
fail to come

                                  Hilton.
         CHAPTER XII.

WHO AND WHY?

  Phofessor Starling took the mid-
night train for Ossington and arrived

  in that bustling little town before two

o’clock.

  He found Hilton at the Ossington
Inn. The sophomore was asleep, but
had left instructions that he was to be

awakened when the professor arrived.

  " This is a bad business, professor,”
said Hilton as the former entered his
bedroom. “ A startling surprise, I pre-
sume, to you as well as to me.”

  u It most certainly was. Tell me all
you know. I must go and see the body,
of course, but we can do nothing like
that until morning. 1 presume that the
Ossington police have been notified.”

  “ Oh, yes. They have left the body
where it was discovered, as the coroner
has not yet made an examination. The
police say, however, that there is not
the slightest doubt that the old man
committed suicide. You see. when I
discovered the body he was lying on
his face on the floor with a gaping hole
in the back of his left ear and a re-
volver clutched tightly in hi? hand.
How long he had been lying that way
nobody seems to know.”

  “ Y ou were the first to discover
him ? ”

  “ Yes. As soon as I arrived in Os-
sington last night I went immediately
to old Daniel Stanton’s bachclor apart-
ment. He lived there all alone, you
know.

  “ With all his wealth, he would never
consent to hire a man. ‘ When these
hands of mine can’t dress me without
the assistance of a male nurse,' he would
say, ‘ I'll go to a foundling asylum and
ask for admittance/

  “ Well, last night 1 went up to his
apartment on the third floor and
knocked several times. There was no
response, and when I tried the handle
1 found that the door was locked.- I
then went down to the basement to
find the janitor and ascertain when Mr.
Stanton was expected to return.

  “ ‘ Don’t know, sir.’ was his reply.

•	Haven't seen him for several days.’
‘ Where has he gone, my man ? ’ I
asked. ‘ Don’t know,' was the answer.
‘ Last I saw of him was last Monday
evening when he met me in the hall as I
was coming out and he was going in.

  « ‘ And you haven’t seen or heard ot
him since?’ I inquired.
160

THE ARGOSY.

  “ Then suddenly a startling thought
shot through my brain. It came to me
almost intuitively, for there was no good
reason for it. ‘ 1 wonder,’ I said, if
Mr. Stanton could have met with foul
play ? ’

   •• • Maybe so, sir,’ said the man almost
indifferently, ‘although 1 hope not, sir,
for he was as kind an old gent as ever
wore shoes.’

    4 The last you saw of him he was
going up-stairs,’ 1 said suddenly. * Then
you never saw him go out again at all?

   “ ‘ I did not, sir.’

  “ { Then, for all you know, he may be
up-stairs now, perhaps lying dead or
helpless.’

  " • He may, sir, but I hope not/ the
fellow replied with a coldness and indif-
ference which maddened me.

  " ‘ Suppose we go up-stairs and find
out,’ I suggested.

  ••4 We can’t, sir,’ replied the man.
f The door of the room is locked, and
Mr. Stanton, sir, left strict orders
when he took the apartment that
nobody was to enter the rooms when he
was out. He is a regular crank in that
respect. Not even the cleaning woman
i» allowed to go into his rooms when he
is not at home/

  •'' Well,’ I said, ‘ if nobody has been
up to that room since last Monday
evening, I’m going to break in that door,
for I am afraid something terrible has
happened. I am a friend of Mr. Stan-
ton and will assume full responsibility
for what I do/

  “ Well, after a great deal of argument
the man finally consented, though with
great reluctance, and I took an ax and
broke in the door.

  “ There I saw the horrifying sight I
have described to you. Poor old Stan-
ton lay dead on the floor with the re-
volver clutched tightly in his hand.
There is scarcely a doubt that it was a
case of suicide. The door was locked
from the inside, and the key in the door.

  “ Of course 1 yelled for help as soon
as I made the discovery, and the janitor
went out and called in the police. Poor
old man! No wonder he did not come
to his nephew's funeral when we tele-
graphed to him.”

  “ On the contrary,” said the profes-
sor, with head bowed in thought; “ the

  most surprising feature of the case is
that he did not come to his nephew's
funeral. Young Stanton was murdered
last Monday night. His uncle must
have committed suicide since then.
Why, it looks at first sight as if the old
man must have killed himself directly
on receipt of the news of his nephew’s
death,but surely he would not. have been
as much bound up in young Stanton as
all that.”

  “ No. Of course he thought a whole
lot of young Stanton, but 1 hardly think
he cared enough to commit suicide be-
cause of his death. 1 know, however,
that he was very much set on Arthur
marrying my sister. He was always
talking of it to both Stanton and
Effie.”

  “ Did your sister know the old man
well? ” asked the professor suddenly.

    Of course she did. She was a great
favorite with him, but he was so set on
her marrying that he had sworn not to
let either of them have a cent of his
fortune unless they agreed to marry
each other.”

  “ And you think that Effie intended
to marry Stanton if the latter had not
been murdered ? ” asked the professor,
taking care not to put too much interest
into the words.

  “ I do think so, professor. You see,

I	am sorry to say, Effie is a girl who
cares a great deal for the good things
of life, and I think that she would not
have let a fortune go begging. She had
already refused poor Courtney, you
know, who is a much better fellow than
Stanton ever was.”

  “ But your sister denied at the inquest
that she intended to marry Stanton.”

  “ That is something I cannot under-
stand,” said Ililton, shaking his head
and wholly unsuspicious of the drift of
the professor’s questioning, *' She
must have changed her mind very sud-
denly, I think.”

  “ I think so, too,” said the professor,
snln voce; but aloud he merely replied:
“ Well, we are straying from the subject,
aren’t we? To return to old Stanton’s
suicide. The point I should like to de-
termine is exactly when he died. Of
course there is no way of our telling
that. In what condition did you find
the body ? ”
WHO AND WHY?

161

  “ Well, from its condition the police
think that he must have been dead at
least two days.”

  “ Of course they couldn't tell exactly.
But wait a minute ; I have an idea. If
the old man committed suicide on re-
ceipt of the telegram telling of his
nephew s death, that telegram ought to
have been found in the room. Was it? ”
“ Y'es; I forgot to mention that, pro-
fessor. Every one of the six telegrams
from Old Orange were in the room, but
all unopened. The messenger boy had
simply shoved them under the door.”

  “ What! You don’t mean to say that
the old man did not get any of these
telegrams ? ”

  “ Evidently not, for there were six
telegrams from Old Orange unopened,
and I understand that was all that were
sent to him. When the police slit the
envelopes they found three despatches
from President Cady and three from
me.

  “One of the telegrams from Presi-
den Cady notified him of his nephew’s
death and the others urged him to come
to Old Orange immediately to take
charge of the body. Mine were of
course couched in a similar strain.”

  “ Then if he didn’t get that first tele-
gram of Dr. Cady’s, he couldn’t have
known about his nephew’s death; so he
certainly did not commit suicide for that
reason.”

   By Jove, professor! You are
right there. I never thought of that.
J am afraid I am a failure as a detec-
tive.”

  “ And also,” continued Professor
Starling, “ we get an idea from those
telegrams as to when the old man died.
The first of the despatches arrived
Tuesday morning, and he was already
lifeless, it seems, or the messenger
would not have shoved the message
under the door.”

  “ You seem to be right in that respect
also, professor. What next?"

  “ J want you to describe to me the
appearance of the room when you en-
tered it, as nearly as you can.”

  44 I am afraid that I didn’t stop to
examine it very closely. All 1 remem-
ber in that the old man's will was laid
out on the table as though he had placed
ii iluro before committing suicide. It

       11	A

was a regularly drawn up legal docu-
ment.”

  “ Was there anything on the table
besides that will ? ”

  “ I don t think so, professor. I
can t remember anything else of im-
portance about the ‘room. As I say, I
am at raid that I am a poor detective.
Yon see, 1 was so horrified at finding
the body that 1 did not stop to examine
much else.”

  “ There were no signs of a struggle,
though, were there? You ought to re-
member that.”

    No. I think that I should have no-
ticed any signs of that. The furniture
was not overturned or anything of that
sort. I don't think that there is a
chance in the world of bis death being
due to anything but suicide.”

  “It doesn’t look like anything else
but suicide, does it? Well, my boy, you
get some sleep now, and at nine o'clock
we ll call on the Ossington chief of
police and visit poor old Mr. Stanton’s
rooms.”

  The professor left Hilton to his slum-
bers, but he himself did not take advan-
tage of the few intervening hours for
the purpose of sleep.

  He sat on the hotel porch and
pondered and pondered till nine o’clock
came around.

  “ Now, why on earth did the old man
commit suicide, 1 wonder?” he kept
saying to himself. u I wonder if it
could have been because he heard of
young Stanton's intention to marry the
actress and give up Effie. It hardly
seems possible that lie would have com-
mitted suicide because of that. I won-
der if he really did commit suicide. The
police are such blind fools. Well, I
shall have to wait for a few hours and
see for myself.”

  At nine o’clock, TIilton, freshened by
his morning bath, joined him, and the
two went in search of the local chief of
police.

  This was a man named Morton, a
thick-set, coarse kind of man who was
wont to boast that he had been for
six years on the New York police force.

  Professor Starling introduced himself
to Chief Morton, who sniffed contempt-
uously when he heard of the professor’s
interest in the case.
162

THE ARGOS'S.

  “Want to see the body, eh?" he
grunted. “ All right, I II take you
around there, professor. But mind you,
I don't want any interfering in our work
or trying to teach us our business.
There’s no doubt about the thing being
a suicide—not a thousandth part of a
doubt.”

  Accompanied by Morton, the profes-
sor and Hilton climbed the stairs of the
bachelor apartment where old Stanton
had lived, and entered the death cham-
ber.

  As Hilton had said, the police had
allowed the body to remain exactly as
it had been discovered, pending the ar-
rival of the coroner.

  With hats in hand, each of them stood
looking silently at the ghastly figure of
the dead man for a full minute.

  The police official stood by in stolid
indifference; the other two were some-
what overcome by the terrible sight.

  Professor Starling, however, despite
his emotion, did not fail to take a rapid
inventory of the room with his eyes.

  " You see. professor/’ said the official
almost sarcastically, “ everything is
perfectly regular and there is no doubt
of suicide. Here is the gun as we found
it, clutched tightly in his hand, with his
finger stiffened on the trigger. Here
is the poor gentleman's will on the table,
evidently placed there by him just
before be did the deed, so that there
would be no mistake as to where the
propertv was to go. Evervthing regu-
lar, eh?”

  '■ There are one or two little things
you perhaps may not have noticed,
Chief Morton/* replied the professor
coldly. “ I will call them to your atten-
tion because I myself cannot find time
to come here and w^ork up this case and
must leave it to you.

   “ You will notice, in the first place, in
the grate here the charred ashes of what
was once evidently a sheet of paper. On
the table i* half of a cigar with the label
on. Also those two chairs there at the
table are drawn up as if two persons had
put them in that position to enjoy a
chat.

  “ Then there is a kid glove on the
floor here, which I take the liberty of
picking up and which has a button bear-
ing the stamp of a Paris glove-maker;

also, the telephone receiver over there
is dangling from the hook on the end of
the wire, which isn't the proper attitude
for a well-regulated telephone receiver
to assume. Perhaps you have not no-
ticed some of these little things.”

  “ If I have or if I haven’t, what is
the difference, Mr. Sherlock Holmes?”
said Morton sarcastically. “ 1 can’t see
that they mean anything, any of them.”
“ And yet how easily they might mean
something/’ said the professor, with a
sarcastic smile almost equal to that of
the policeman. “ How easy they might
mean, for instance, that this poor old
man was murdered instead of a suicide."

  ‘•'Murdered! You are crazy, profes-
sor. if you will excuse me for saying so.
Show me what these things have got to
do with a murder theory.”

  “ Easily. That is what 1 intend to do,
chief. Now, in the first place, these
chairs, placed as they are, indicate that
the dead man had a visitor shortly
before he died, perhaps only a few min-
utes before he died.

  “ The cigar would lead us to the latter
belief. You sec it is half smoked. Who
smoked it and left it there? Not the
dead man, for I have learned from this
young man here, who knew him well,
that the deceased never smoked and in
fact had an aversion for tobacco. Then
how came that cigar in his room? Am 1
getting interesting, chief?”

  “ Pooh! " scoffed the police official a
little uneasily. “ You attach too much
importance to trifles, professor; that's
the trouble with all theorists. But go
on and have your say.”

    This kid glove picked up off the
floor and with a Paris trade-mark on the
button. To whom does that belong?
‘ To the dead man/ you are about to
.say; for there is the other glove on the
sideboard there with his hat and cane.
Well, you will be wrong there, for these
gloves, as you will see if you look again,
are not mates—they are both for the
left hand,and probably the buttons show
them to be two different makes. Yes,
look here; you see 1 am right—this one
is a Paris make and this one was made
in New York, according to the trade-
mark on the button. Evidently the
man who sat in that chair and smoked
that cigar had placed his gloves near
WHO AND WHY ?

1G3

those of the professor and in hurrying
out made the mistake of seizing one of
the professor’s gloves instead of his own.
Am I right, chief?”

  “ Sounds pretty, but how do we know
the dead man didn't make a mistake
earlier in the day and get somebody
else’s glove without noticing it? ”

   “ That, too, is possible, but it has been
cold weather lately and he would prob-
ably have tried to wear the gloves and
thus have discovered his mistake. But
to proceed to our most important clue
of all—that innocent-looking telephone
receiver. Why is it off the hook ?

  “ Fell off,” suggested the chief of
police impatiently.

  “Fell off, eh? Did you ever hear of
a telephone receiver falling oil its hook
without being pushed, chief? That
theory is hardly plausible. No! 1
think we should assume rather that it
fell from the deceased's grasp when he
dropped dead with a pistol shot behind
his left ear.”

  “ That may very easily be true, pro-
fessor. He may have had bad news
over the telephone and shot himself as
a consequence.'5

  “ Yes, that is true, chief. As you
imply, he may have heard such bad news
that he threw the telephone receiver
from him and then in despair took out
a revolver and shot, himself.

  “ That is a question which we must try
to decide by other clues. If you can
find out from Central what was the last
call of this wire, it may give you con-
siderable help.”

  “ I don't suppose that Central would
remember that after all this time,”
growled the chief of police.

  “ Well, wait a minute. See, here is
another clue I had almost overlooked.
The open telephone book over there.

You observe, chief, that it is opened
about the middle of the book. There is
strong probability that that page con-
tains the last number the poor man tried
to call. You will see, too, that the num-
bers on this page are all for Old Orange,
so evidently he was either speaking or
trying to speak to somebody in Old
Orange just before he died. That, you
will admit, is an important clue. Cen-
tral at least ought to remember when
Old Orange was last called 011 this tele-
phone.”

  " But wait a minute! It isn't n • -
sary to ask Central at all. Look there,
Chief Morton! On the wooden slab of
the telephone is a little memorandum
pad used for jotting down numbers,
with a pencil beside it. And see! The
old man has noted down the number he
was calling.

  “ We all do it when we are using a
telephone if we have a paper and pencil
handy. We look the number up in the
book and then jot it down to have it
before us so that we shan't forget it
before we get Central. That is exactly
what this old man did. See, here is the
number scrawled on this memorandum
pad—652 Old Orange.

  “ Let’s look down this page for that
number—652 Old Orange. Ah. here
it is, right against the name of John
D. Warren, lawyer, .Main Street, Old
Orange.

  “And now let us look at the law-
yer's name on this will. John D. War-
ren, lawyer. There you are.

  “Chief of Police Morton." concluded
the professor triumphantly, his face
pale with excitement, “ that poor old
man there was brutally murdered—shot
from behind by somebody while he
turned his back on the assassin to call
up his lawyer on the telephone.”

 (To be continued.)

      HER FIRST SMILE.

I smiled at her. She looked at me
And dropped her eyes half angrily;

But far within the depths of blue —

So faint that only Cupid knew—

I caught a smile born all for me,

That whispered of what was to be.

Silas MeChesncy Piper.
Professor Jonkin’s Cannibal Plant.

              BY HOWARD R. GARIS.

  A triumph of cultivation which threatened a tragedy in mastication.

AFTER Professor Jeptha Jonkin
had, by skilful grafting and care,
succeeded in raising a single tree that
produced, at different seasons, apples,
oranges, pineapples, figs, eoeoanuts, and
peaches, it might have been supposed
he would rest from his scientific labors.
But Professor Jonkin was not that kind
of a man.

  He was continually striving to grow
something new in the plant world. So it
was no surprise to Bradley Adams, when
calling on his friend the professor oue
afternoon, to find that scientist busy in
his large conservatory.

  “What are you up to now?” asked
Adams. “ Trying to make a rose-bush
produce violets, or a honeysuckle vine
bring forth pumpkins?”

  “ Neither/' replied Professor Jonkin
a little stiffly, for he resented Adams’
p ayful tone. “ Not that either of those
things would be difficult. But look at
that.”

  He pointed to a small plant with
bright, glossy green leaves mottled with
r I spots. The thing was growing in a
large earthen pot.

  it bore three flowers, about the size
of morning glories, and not unlike that
blossom in shape, save, near the top,
there was a sort of lid, similar to the flap
observed on a jack-in-the-pulpit plant.

  ** Look down one of those flowers,”
went on the professor, and Adams,
wondering what was to come, did so.

  He saw within a small tube, lined
with fine, hair-like filaments, which
seemed to bo in motion. And the shaft
or tube went down to the bottom of
the morning-glory-shaped part of the
flower. At the lower extremity was a
little clear liquid.

  “ Kind of a queer blossom. What is
it?'’ asked Adams.

  “ That,” said the professor with a
note of pride in his voice, “ is a speci-
men of the Sarraeenia Nepenthis.”
What’s that? French for sunflower,

or Latin for sweet pea?” asked Adams
irreverently.

  “ It is Latin for pitcher plant,” re-
sponded the professor, drawing himself
up to his full height of five feet three.
“ One of the most interesting of the
South American flora.”

  “ The name fits it pretty well,” ob-
served Adams. “ 1 sec there’s water at
the bottom. I suppose this isn’t the
pitcher that went to the well too often.”
“ The Sarraeenia Nepenthis is a most
wonderful plant,” went on the professor
in his lecture voice, not heeding
Adams’ joking remarks. “ It belongs to
what Darwin calls the carnivorous
family of flowers, and other varieties of
the same species are the Dionaea Musci-
pula, or Venus Fly-trap, the Darling-
tonia, the Pinguicula and Aldrovandra,

as well as-■”

  “ Hold on, professor,” pleaded
Adams. “ I’ll take the rest on faith.
Just tell me about this pitcher plant.
It seems interesting.”

  “It is interesting,” said Professor
Jonkin. “It cats insects.”

  “ Eats insects ? ”

  “ Certainly. Watch.”

  The professor opened a small wire
cage lying oil a shelf and took from it
several flies. These he liberated close to
the queer plant.

  The insects buzzed about a few sec-
onds. dazed with their sudden liberty.

  Then they began slowly to circle in
the vicinity of the strange flowers.
Nearer and nearer the blossoms they
came, attracted by some subtle perfume,
as well as by a sweet syrup that was on
the edge of the petals, put there by
nature for the very purpose of drawing
hapless insects into the trap.

  The flies settled down, some on the
petals of all three blooms. Then a
curious thing happened.

  The little hair-like filaments in the
tube within the petals suddenly reached
out and wound themselves about the
PROFESSOR .TONKIN’S CANNIBAL PLANT.

165

insects feeding on the sweet stuff, and
which seemed to intoxicate them. In
an instant the Hies were pulled to the
top of the flower shaft by a contraction
of the hairs, and then they went tum-
bling down the tube into the miniature
pond below, where they were drowned
after a brief struggle. Their crawling
back was prevented by spines growing
with points down, as the wires in some
rat-traps are fastened.

  Meanwhile the covcr of the plant
closed down.

  “ Why, it’s a regular fly-trap, isn’t
it?" remarked Adams, much surprised.

  “ It is,” replied the professor. “ The
plant lives off the insects it captures.
It absorbs them, digests them, and,
when it is hungry again, catches more.”

  “ Where’d you get such an uncanny
thing?” asked Adams, moving away
from the plant as if he feared it might
take a sample bite out of him.

  “ A friend sent it to me from Brazil.”

  “ But you’re not going to keep it, I
hope.”

  “ I certainly am,” rejoined Professor
J onkin.

  “ Maybe you’re going to train it to
come to the table and eat like a human
being,” suggested Adams, with a laugh
that nettled the professor.

  “ I wouldn’t have to train it much to
induce it to be polite,” snapped back
the owner of the pitcher plant.

  And then, seeing that his jokes were
not relished, Adams assumed an interest
he did not feel, and listened to a long
dissertation on botany in general and
carnivorous plants in particular.

  He would much rather have been eat-
ing some of the queer hybrid fruits the
professor raised. lie pleaded an engage-
ment when he saw an opening in the
talk, and went away.

  It was some months after that before
he saw the professor again. The botan-
ist was busy in his conservatory in the
mean time, and the gardener he hired to
do rough work noticed that his master
spent much time in that part of the
glass house where the pitcher plant w'as
growing.

  For Professor Jonkin had become so
much interested in his latest acquisition
that he seemed to think of nothing else.
lli» plan for increasing strawberries to

the size of peaches was abandoned for a,
time, as was his pet scheme of raising
apples without any core.

  The gardener wondered what there
was about the South American blossoms
to require such close attention.

  One day he thought he would find
out, and lie started to enter that part of
the conservatory where the pitcher
plant was growing. Professor Jonkin
halted him before he had stepped inside
and sternly bade him never to appear
there again.

  As the gardener, crestfallen, moved
away after a glimpse into the forbidden
region he muttered:

  “ My, that plant has certainly grown!
And I wonder w^hat the professor was
doing so close to it. Looked as if he was
feeding the thing.”

  As the days went by the conduct of
Professor Jonkin became more and
more curious. lie scarcely left the
southern end of the conservatory, save
at night, when he entered his house to
sleep.

  He was a bachelor, and had no family
cares to trouble him, so he could spend
all his time among his plants. But
hitherto he had divided his attention
among his many experiments in the
floral kingdom.

  XowT he was always with his myste-
rious pitcher plant, lie even had his
meals sent into the green-house.

  “Be you keepin’ boarders?” asked
the butcher boy of the gardener one
day, pausing on his return to the store,
his emptv basket on his arm.

  “No. Why?”

  “ The professor is orderin’ so much
meat lately. I thought you had com-
pany.”

  “ No, there’s only us two. Mr. Adams
used to come to dinner once in a while,
but not lately.”

  “ Then you an’ the professor must
have big appetites.”

  “ What makes you think so? ”

  “ The number of beefsteaks you cat.”
“Number of beefsteaks? Why, my
lad, the professor and I are both vege-
tarians.”

  “What’s them?”

  “ We neither of us eat a bit of meat.
We don’t believe it’s healthy.”

  “ Then what becomes of the three big
166

THE ARGOS'?.

porterhouse steaks I deliver to the pro-
fessor in the green-house every day ? ’

  “ Porterhouse steaks ? " questioned
the gardener, amazed.

  “Do you feed ’em to the dog?”

  “ We don’t keep a dog.'

  Hut the butcher boy questioned no
further, for he saw a chum aud hast-
ened off to join him.	^
“ Three porterhouse steaks a day! ”
mused the gardener, shaking his head.
“• I do hope the professor has not ceased
to be a vegetarian. Yet it looks mighty
suspicions. And he's doing it on the sly,
too. for there’s been no meat cooked in
the house, of that Pm sure.”

  And the gardener, sorely puzzled over
the mystery, -went oil, shaking his head
more solemnly than before.

  He resolved to have a look in the
place the professor guarded so carefully.
He tried the door when he was sure his
master was in another part of the con-
servatory. but it was locked, and no key
the gardener had would unfasten it,

  A month after the gardener had
heard of the porterhouse steaks, Adams
happened to drop in to see liis friend the
professor again.

  “ He's in with the Sarracenia Nepen-
tliis," said the gardener in answer to the
visitor's inquiry. “ But 1 doubt if he
will let vou enter.”

  “"Why won’t he?”

  “ Because he’s become mighty close-
mouthed of late over that pitchcr
plant,”

  “ Oh, I guess he’ll see me,” remarked
Adams confidently, and he knocked on
the door that shut off the locked section
of the green-house from the main por-
tion.

  “ Who’s there? ” called the professor.
  “ Adams ”

  “ Oh,” in a more conciliatory tone, “ 1
was just wishing you’d come along. I
have something to show you.”

  Professor .Tonkin opened the door,
and the sight that met Adams' gaze
startled him.

  The only plant in that part of the
conservatory was a single specimen of
the Sarracenia Nepenthis. Yet it had
attained such enormous proportions
that at first Adams thought he must be
dreaming.

  “ What do you think of that for an

achievement in science?” awked the
professor proudly.

  “ Do you mean to say that is the
small, fly-catching plant your friend
sent you from Brazil ? ”

  “ The same.”

 “ But—but-”

  “ But how it’s grown, that’s what you
want to say, isn’t it?”

  “ It is. llow did you do it? ”

  “ By dieting the blossoms.”

' “ You mean--? ”

  “ I mean feeding them. Listen. I
reasoned that if a small blossom of the
plant would thrive on a few insects, by
giving it larger meals I might get a
bigger plant. So 1 made my plans.

  “ First I cut off all but one blossom,
so that the strength of the plant would
nourish that alone. Then I made out
a bill of fare. I began feeding it on
chopped beef. The plant took to it like
a puppy. It seemed to beg for more.
From chopped meat I went to small
pieces, cut up. I could fairly see the
blossom increase in size. From that 1
went to choice mutton chops, and, after
a week of them, with the plant becom-
ing more gigantic all the while, I in-
creased its meals to a porterhouse steak

a day. And now-”

  The professor paused to contemplate
his botanical work.

  “Well, now?” questioned Adams.

 “ Now,” went on the professor
proudly, “ my pitcher plant takes three
big beefsteaks every day—one for
breakfast, one for dinner, and one for
supper. And see the result.”

  Adams gazed at the immense plant.
From a growth about as big as an Easter
lily it had increased until the top was
near the roof of the green-house,
twenty-five feet above.

  About fifteen feet up, or ten feet
from the top, there branched out a great
flower, about eight feet long and three
feet across the bell-shaped mouth,
which, except for the cap or cover, was
not unlike the opening of an immense
morning glory.

  The flower was heavy, and the stalk
on which it grew was not strong enough
to support it upright. So a rude scaf-
folding had been constructed of wood
and boards, and on a frame the flowei
was held upright.
PROFESSOR JONKIN’S CANNIBAL PLANT.

167

  In order to see it to better advantage,
and also that he might feed it, the pro-
fessor had a ladder by which he could
ascend to a small platform in front of
the bell-shaped mouth of the blossom.

  “ It is time to give my pet its meal,”
he announced, as if he were speaking of
some favorite horse. “ Want to come up
and watch it eat?”

  “ No, thank you,” responded Adams.
“ It's too uncanny.”

  The professor took a large steak, one
of the three which the butcher boy had
left that day. Holding it in his liand,
he climbed up the ladder and was soon
on the platform in front of the plant.

  Adams watched him curiously. The
professor leaned over to toss the steak
into the yawning mouth of the flower.

  Suddenly Adams saw him totter,
throw his arms wildly in the air, and
then, as if drawn bv some overpowering
force, he fell forward, lost his balance,
and toppled into the maw of the pitcher
plant!

  There was a jar to the stalk and blos-
som as the professor fell within. He
went head first into the tube, or eating
apparatus of the strange plant, liis legs
sticking out for an instant, kicking
wildly. Then he disappeared entirely.

  Adams didn’t know whether to laugh
or be alarmed.

  He mounted the ladder, and stood in
amazement before the result of the
professor’s work as he looked down
into the depth of the gigantic flower,
increased a hundred times in size.

  He was aware of a strange, sickish-
sweet odor that seemed to steal over his
senses. It was lulling him to sleep, and
he fought against it. Then he looked
down and saw that the huge hairs or
filaments with which the tube was lined
were in violent motion.

  He could just discern the professor’s
feet about three feet below the rim of
the (lower. They were kicking, but with
a force growing less every second. The
filaments seemed to be winding about
the professor’s legs, holding him in a
deadly embrace.

  Then the top cover, or flap of the
plant, closed down suddenly. The pro-
fessor was a prisoner inside.

  The plant had turned cannibal and
eaten the man who had grown it!

  For an instant, fear deprived Adams
of reason, lie did not know what to do.
Then the awful plight of his friend
brought back his senses.

  “ Professor! ” he shouted. u Are you
alive.’' Can you hear me?”

  “ Yes,” came back in faint and
muffled tones. “ This beast has me, all
right.”

  Then followed a series of violent
struggles that shook the plant.

    I'll get you out! Where’s an as?
I’ll chop the cursed plant to pieces!”
cried Adams.

  “ Don’t! Dou’t! ” came in almost
pleading tones from the imprisoned pro-
fessor.

  “ Don’t what ? ”

  “ Don’t hurt my pet! ”

  “ Your pet! ” snorted Adams angrily.
‘‘Nice kind of a pet you have! One
that tries to eat you alive! But I've got
to do something if 1 want to save vou.
Where’s the ax ? ”

  “No! No!” begged the professor,
his voice becoming more and more
muffled. “ TTse chloroform.”

  “ Use what?”

  “Chloroform! You'll find some in
the closet.”

  Then Adams saw what the professor’s
idea was. The plant could be made in-
sensible, and the imprisoned man re-
leased with 110 harm to the blossom.

  He raced down the ladder, ran to a
closet where he had seen the professor's
stock of drugs and chemicals stowed
away on the occasion of former visits,
and grabbed a big bottle of chloroform.
He caught up a towel and .ran back up
the ladder.

  Not a sign of the professor could be
seen. The plant had swallowed him up,
but by the motion and swaying of the
liower Adams knew his friend was yet
alive.

  He was in some doubt as to the suc-
cess oL‘ this method, and would rather
have taken an ax and chopped a hole in
the side of the blossom, thus releasing
the captive. But he decided to obey the
professor.

  Saturating the towel well with the
chloroform, and holding his nose away
from it, he pressed the wet cloth over
the top of the blossom where the lid
touched the edge of the bloom.
168

THE ARGOSY.

  There was a slight opening at^ one
point, and Adams poured some of the
chloroform down this. He feared lest
the fumes of the anesthetic might over-
power the professor also, but he knew
they would soon pass away if this hap-
pened.	'

  For several minutes he waited anx-
iously. Would the plan succeed? Would
the plant be overcome before it had
killed the professor inside?

  Adams was in a fever of terror.
Again and again he saturated the towel
with the powerful drug. Then he had
the satisfaction of seeing the lid of the
pitcher plant relax.

  It slowly lifted and fell over to one
side, making a good-sized opening. The
strong filaments, not unlike the arms of
a devil fish, Adams thought, were no
longer in uneasy motion. They had re-
leased their grip on the professor’s legs
and body.

  The spines which had pointed down-
ward, holding the plant’s prey, now
became limber.

  Adams leaned over. He reached
down, grasped the professor by the feet,
and, being a strong man, while his
friend was small and light, he pulled
him from the tube of the flower, a little
dazed from the fumes of the chloroform
the plant had breathed in, lrj.it otherwise
not much the worse for his adventure.

  He had not reached the water at the

bottom of the tube, which fact saved
him from drowning.

  u Well, you certainly had a narrow
squeak,” observed Adams as he helped
the professor down the ladder.

    I did,” admitted the botanist. “ If
you had not been on hand I don’t know
what would have happened. 1 suppose
I would have been eaten alive.”

  “ Unless you could have cut yourself
out of the side of the flower with your
knife,” observed Adams.

  “What! And killed the plant I
raised with such pains?” ejaculated the
professor. “ Spoil the largest Sarracenia
Nepenthis in the world? I guess not. I
would rather have let it eat me.”

  “ I think you ought to call it the
cannibal plant instead of the pitcher
plant,” suggested Adams.

  “ Oh, no,” responded the professor
dreamily, examining the flower from a
distance to see if any harm had come to
it. “ But to punish it, I will not give it
any supper or breakfast. That’s what it
gets for being naughty,” he added as if
the plant were a child.

  “ And I suggest that when you feed it
hereafter,” said Adams, “ you pass the
beefsteaks in on a pitch-fork. You
won’t run so much danger then.”

  “ That’s a good idea. I’ll do it,” an-
swered the professor heartily.

  And he has followed that plan ever
since.

THE BLACK SMUDGE/

BY J. AUBREY TYSON.

A story of Russia in the present, setting forth the thrilling experiences of an American who
became entangled in a grand ducal conspiracy.

CHAPTER XIII.

ON T It E RIDE- T8 ACK,

WITHIN six hours after his escape
from the Krazo and his finding
of Lankirk, Kcnck and PeringoflE, Grid-
ley learned more of the wonderful
resources possessed by the men whose
lives were consecrated to the struggle
for Russian liberty.

* This story began in the May issue of The Argosy. The three back numbers uill be mailed to any

address on receipt of 30 cents.

   The young engineer’s determination
to start in pursuit of Claire and Edith
had excited the forebodings of the two
Russian patriots. They soon convinced
him of the futility of seeking the aid of
the United States consul.

   Then, just as they had almost made
him despair, Peringoft* suggested a plan
which made the blood leap into the
veins of both Grid ley and Lankirk.
THE BLACK SMUDGE.

169

  In accordance with Peringoff’s sug-
gestion, the two Americans were to
enlist as privates in a Russian regiment
that had been ordered to join the army
of General Kuropatkin in Manchuria.
This regiment, known as the Twelfth
Riazans, and commanded by Colonel
Crieff, was to start from Rijsk, a few
‘hours’ ride from Moscow, on the follow-
ing day.

  Captain Sinoff, commanding one of
the companies, it was explained, was,
like hundreds of other military officers
in the Russian service, an ardent revo-
lutionist.

  Ci In the Twelfth Riazans are many
men who are our friends,” Peringoff
had added. “ These are going to the
Far East for the. purpose of carrying-
on our propaganda among the troops in
the field. In every town you will find
friends with whom we are constantly in
touch. Sinoff is a tower of strength.
Without exciting any suspicion, he can
summon scores of men to your aid in
any town through which you may pass.
Trust him as you would trust us. Tie
will not fail you.”

  In a few hours Gridlev and Lankirk
were in Rijsk, in the province of Riazan.
There they enlisted in Sinoff’s company,
and on the following morning they were
en route for the Far East.

  Two days later Colonel Crieff, of the
Twelfth Riazan Regiment, was in de-
spair. The regiment was on two trains,
and when it left Rijsk it had been
supplied with only one day’s rations.

  For the last sixteen hours the men
had been looking from their car win-
dows with sullen faces—the result of
empty stomachs.

  The owners of these sullen faces were,
for the most part, sons of moujiks, and
from the colonel’s view-point they were
no more than dogs. Rut famished dogs
may become as dangerous as famished
wolves.

  While serving in Trans-Caucasia the
colonel had seen some of these famished
“dogs” kill their officers. That was
scarcely likely to happen here, of course,
but. the congestion of the railroad ahead
of them and behind them was responsi-
ble for great difficulty in carrying out
certain orders.

  The colonel knew that strikes on sev-

eral divisions of the Trans-Siberian
Railroad were imminent; that the spirit
ol revolt was stalking through the east-
ern as well as the western provinces, and
that, despite the rigid censorship, re-
ports of risings in St. Petersburg and
Moscow were being received by all
classes of the inhabitants.

  I	low had these reports been carried?
The government officials shook their
heads. Proclamations issued by the
revolutionary leaders in St. Petersburg
had been torn from walls and posts in
public streets as far east as Ufa and
Orenburg.

  And so the government had given
strict orders that commanding officers
should see to it that there should be no
communication between civilians and
soldiers en route for Harbin and Muk-
den. The whipped and disheartened
army in the Far East must not know
that the nation which had sent it out,
half-clothed, half-fed, and inadequately
armed, was a house divided against
itself.

  The trains that were bearing the
Twelfth Riazan Regiment were stalled
with nearly a score of others just west
of Kind, a little town in the province
of Samara that constitutes the junction
of the Trans-Siberian Railroad and the
branch that runs to Orenburg.

  Colonel Crieff, striding to and fro
beside the cars, stroked his beard ner-
vously.

  “ How long is this going to last.
Captain Sinoff?” he inquired of that
officer, wh'o, having been on ahead, now
approached and saluted. " "VY e have
been here for two hours. Is there no
relief in sight? ”

  “None, colonel,” said the other
quietly.

  “ How are the men behaving them-
selves ? ”

  “ My company is perfectly orderly.”

  “ Good. Kelpz had to shoot two of
his young whelps this morning for
trying to desert at Samara.’

  Sin off shook his head gravely. The
colonel passed on toward the head of the
train. The captain looked after his
superior officer thoughtfully for several
moments, then walked on slowly in the
opposite direction.

  At length he paused beside a ear from
170

THE ARGOSY.

the windows of which were thrust half a
dozen frowsy heads.

  “ Send Kogalonovitch to me,-’ he said
to one of the men who were leaning out.

  The head disappeared, and a few mo-
ments later a short, stocky private with
a broad face climbed down from the car
and saluted.

  Captain Sin off walked to the rear of
the train, followed at a respectful dis-
tance bv Kogalonovitch. hen the two
men were half-way between the last car
of their train and the locomotive of the
train behind them, Sinoff stopped,
glanced around carelessly, then said in
a low voice:

  “ Tell Levaine that his car is side-
tracked just this side of the Great Kinel
bridge, fifteen miles ahead of us. We
will overtake it at Kinel station. Tell
him also that he must make no move
without first consulting me.”

  Kogalonovitch saluted and returned
to his car. Walking forward on the
other side of the train, Sinoff came upon
Lieutenant Kratow, of his own com-
pany.

  “ Well, Kratow, how are the. men
standing it ? ”

   Splendidly, under the circum-
stances. When I left them last they
were trying to draw out those two
Frenchmen we recruited at Zaraise."

  “ They're a taciturn pair.”

  " So I thought, at first; but they seem
to be livening up this morning and are
keeping the others in good spirits.”

  It was dark when the train bearing
the men from Riazan got under way.
At eight o'clock that night it slowed
down in Kinel, and in Kinel it remained
on a side-track for many hours.

  From one of the cars occupied by
members of the Twelfth Riazan two
men descended shortly before midnight.
Both wore privates’ overcoats. As they
stepped to the ground they were
promptly challenged by a sentry. They
gave the password and walked on until
they came to a railway carriage which,
having been detached from the train,
stood alone on one of the side-tracks.

  The shorter of the two Riazans ad-
vanced and answered the challenge of
one of the three sentinels who guarded
the car. The sentinel called to one of
his comrades, who went within. In a

few moments he came out of the car
and beckoned to the shorter of the
visitors, who quickly ascended the steps
and entered the forward compart-
ment.

*	* * *

  Tossing restlessly in their berths,
Claire and Edith, victims of the most
profound despair, sobbed softly, prayed,
and then told themselves that Heaven
was too far from Russia to hear their
supplications for relief.

  Suddenly both started. The sound of
voices in the compartment ahead of
them' was followed by a brief period of
silence, then a vigorous rapping on the
locked door.

  Both women, who were partly
dressed, leaped to the floor and looked
at each other with expressions of great
alarm.

  There was a pause, then the rapping
was repeated.

  “ Who is there ? ” . asked Edith
sharply.

  “ A friend. In God’s name, open
quickly.”

  The Voice of the speaker was new
to them, but the words were iu Eng-
lish.

  Throwing a shawl around her shoul-
ders, Edith brushed aside the warning
hand that Claire had placed upon her
arm. Then she opened the door. She
saw the pale face of a stranger—a
stranger who wore a gray military coat
similar to that worn by Sviokon. He
was of Sviokon’s build, but was scarcely
more than thirty years of age. His hair
and mustache were dark.

  “ Gridlev, in the uniform of . a Rus-
sian private, waits outside,” said the
stranger quickly. “ I'm his foreman—
Lankirk. Y’ou must get into these at
once.”

  As he spoke he thrust through the
door the overcoat, blouse and trousers
which he had worn when he entered
the car.

  Edith gave a little cry of horror. In
a corner she saw something covered by
a quilt from the berth.

  “ Never mind that,” said Lankirk
sharply, as he followed the direction of
her eyes. “ This is Russia. Be quick,
miss, if you want to leave it.”

  “ But the princess? ”
THE BLACK SMUDGE.

  Come, come—either one of you.
Don’t stand talking there. We’ll return
for the other afterward. Be quick, I
tell you! ■”

  lie closed the door, Soon afterward
lie rapped again.

  For God's sake, woman! ” he called
impatiently.

  The next time, without rapping, ho
flung open the door. The princess, clad
in the blouse and trousers, was .•strug-
gling with the overcoat which Edith held
in her hands.

  “Let me have it!” Lankirk com-
manded between set teeth.

  In another moment the princess was
in its folds.

  “ Turn up the collar—there! ”

  He suited the action to the word, and
grasping the princess by the arm he
hurrred her through the other compart-
ment.

  “ Walk slowly, keep erect, and don’t
speak to any one until Gridley gets you
away. Brace up. Now go.”

  He swung open the door and thrust
her out. Then he closed the door, and
after locking it he darted back to Edith.

  “ Get ready to slip into Gridley’s uni-
form.” he said. <e He’ll be here in a
minute.”

  He closed the door. As he turned
away from it he drew a white wig over
his head and placed over his ears hooks
that held a white beard to his face.

  This done, he nervously paced to and
fro, then raised the quilt from the still
figure in the corner.

  “ It will do,” he said, as he dropped
the quilt again.

  A few moments later there was the
sound of feet on the steps without, then
a knock on the door. Lankirk opened
it.

  “ All right,” said Gridley.

  The door was opened wider, and the
young millionaire stepped in.

  Lankirk, now completely disguised as
Sviokon, opened the door again and
stepped out.

  “ Sentinel, come here,” he com-
manded calmly.

  The sentinel saluted and ran up the
steps. When he had entered the com-
partment the door was closed and locked
behind him.

  “ I want you to take a message to the

171

station-master,” Lankirk said, and as he
spoke a paper that he had been holding
in his hand fluttered to the floor. With-
out waiting for a request, the sentinel
stooped. As he rose, a blow from a
short, loaded stick felled him to the
floor. Two blows followed in quick suc-
cession.

  When he, too, found a place beside
the body of Sviokon beneath the quilt,
his uniform and overcoat had been
thrust into the adjoining compartment.

  Attended by two figures in the attire
of Russian privates, Lankirk, still dis-
guised as Sviokon, left the compart-
ment. locked the door behind him and
quickly descended from the railway car-
riage. He returned the salutes of the
two sentinels who remained on that side
of the car, and walked briskly away,
with his companions at his heels. One
of the sentinels chuckled as he turned to
the other.

  “ By the soul of the Great Peter,
they’ve recruited Ivan Crasky for the
Third Section! v he said.

  “ Nay, Ivan Crasky’s still inside the
carriage,” replied the other. I was
standing near the steps when they came
down, and-”

 But he said no more. Behind
him--

  Three hundred persons standing on
the platform of the Kinel station were
deafened by the sound of a terrific ex-
plosion. Four hundred yards down the
railway line there was a blinding flash
of light—then darkness.

  Hundreds of windows in cars and
stores and dwellings were shattered into
bits. There was a shower of frag-
ments of wood and iron and unsightly
things that afterward were identified as
pieces of human flesh.

  With, cries of alarm, more than six
thousand soldiers leaped from their
cars. Hundreds of others lay limply in
seats and on floors as a result of the
concussion.

  Bewildered officers shouted orders as
bewildering as their own mental facul-
ties. Bugles were sounded, and there
was a general reaching for rifles and
sabers.

  While the excitement was at its
height, five persons—three in the uni-
form of privates, one in the overcoat and
172

THE ARGOSY.

cap of an officer, and another in the
dress of a moujik—were plunging
blindly and half-stunned through a
great snowdrift near the railway. Three
of them soon recovered, however, and
were supporting the two others when
four moujUcs went to their assistance.
Three sledges were at hand, and in a
few minutes the whole party was safe
in a hut well back from the railroad and
out of the town.

  A quarter of an hour later, Captain
Sinolf. of the Twelfth Riazans, was
standing on the platform of the station
when he was approached by Colonel
Crieff, the commanding officer of the
regiment.

  The colonel’s face was drawn and hag-
gard, and there was a look of horror in
his eyes.

  “ My God, SinoiT, it is awful! ” he ex-
claimed.

  “ In Heaven’s name, what does it all
mean ? ” asked the captain.

  “What does it mean? Why, it
means that, right in the midst of eight
thousand Russian soldiers, Count
Sviokon and a party of Grand Duke
Casimir's friends have been assassinated
in Casimir’s private car by revolution-
ists!”

  " Revolutionists! ”

  “ Aye,” answered the colonel. “ This
unhappy country, affected by our Far
Eastern reverses, has gone mad.”

  As the agitated colonel hurried on,
Captain Sinoft stroked his long mus-
tache to hide a smile.

  “ It was work well done,” he mut-
tered.

CHAPTER XIV.

THE RIGHT OF WAY.

  At six o'clock on the morning fol-
lowing the destruction of Sviokon’s car
the Einel station-master stood beside
one of the telegraph operators in the
station. His face was pale and drawn
and the hand that rested on one of the
shoulders of his subordinate trembled
visibly.

  The operator had just repeated to the
master a message that he had received
over the wire from Moscow. The mes-
sage was as follows:

  Westbound Red Cross train leaves
Buzuluk at 6.10. Keep lina clear.

  The division mentioned had only a
single track, and the station-master was
sorely perplexed, lie hesitated for a
few moments before he spoke.

  “ Tell him,” he said, “ that ten thou-
sand troops for Harbin, short of rations,
which cannot be supplied this side of
Buzuluk, are waiting here at Kinel.”

  The operator nodded and fingered his
key.

  When lie had finished there was a
pause. Then the receiver began to
click.

  The operator spoke the words as they
were sounded:

  The Red Cross train has the right of
way to Moscow. By order of the Czax.

  “ So lie it then,” the station-master
said.

  He opened the door of the telegraph
office, and standing on the threshold he
repeated the words to a score of anxious-
faced officers who were assembled out-
side.

  There was a discontented murmur
and a shrugging of shoulders, then the
group dispersed. Among the first to go
was Captain Sinoff.

  “ Seventy miles—two hours,” he
murmured with a chuckle. Suddenly
liis face grew grave. “ Aye, God loves
liberty, and these Americans are in his
keeping,” he said.

  And as he spoke he made the sign of
the cross upon his breast.

  A few minutes afterward the Kinel
operator sent to the colonel command-
ing at Buzuluk this message:

  Are nurses needed on the Red Cross
train that has just left your town?

  The answer came:

  Yes. Supply four if you can.

  The written answer was placed by
Colonel Crieff in the hands of Captain
Sinoff.

  “ I only know of the two that I have
mentioned.’’ the captain said when he
had read the message.

  Then he. added carelessly: “By
the v.ay, colonel, when we put these
women on I’d like to ship with them a
THE BLACK SMUDGE.

173

couple of queer Frenchmen that we re-
cruited a few days before we left. They
are in a pretty bad way, it seems. Their
faces arc as yellow as old parchment and
they arc only holding in their stomachs
bv their teeth. Whether it is the lack
of food or something still more serious
our surgeon cannot say. Any way, they
haven't sufficient stamina to stand the
campaign. We'd better get rid of them
now.”

  “ Who accepted them ? ”

  “ 1 did—in an offhand sort of way, at
the last moment. They seemed to be

likely fellows, but-”

  The colonel made a gesture of im-
patience.

  “ The devil take them, then,” he said.
“ All Frenchmen lack stamina. They
go at things with a rush and then col-
lapse. Ship them on the train.”

  Captain Sinoff produced two blanks
that had been tilled with the names of
the despised Frenchmen.

  “ Here are the orders, sir,” he said.
“ We will be well rid of them.”

  The colonel drew out a fountain pen
from his pocket and with a few exclama-
tions of disgust he signed the necessary
orders. Then he hurried off.

  When the Red Cross train steamed
into the Kinel station, Claire and Edith,
clad in the trim gowns and caps of
nurses, were escorted to it by Captain
Sinoff and his lieutenant.

  A few moments later two men were
borne aboard 011 stretchers. The skin
of both indicated that they were suffer-
ing from some form of jaundice.

  When, still with the right of way, the
train started on its run to Samara, the
two new nurses with heavy hearts ad-
dressed themselves to the tasks that
were assigned to them in cars other
than those in which the two Frenchmen
lay side by side.

  There still was something in the sud-
den illness of the two men that they
could not understand. They knew the
cause, but were apprehensive concern-
ing the nature of the effects. But they
were not alone in their fears. As the
Red Cross train rolled out of the Kinel
station, a moujik, approaching Captain
Sinoff, suddenly seemed to lose his
clumsiness.

  “ What do you think of it, captain?”

he asked cautiously, as the captain,
slowly stroking his long mustache,
looked half-smilingly after the disap-
pearing train.

  The captain chuckled.

What do I think, Monsieur
Mouji/,•?” he murmured laughingly.

  Well, I’m thinking how happy I’d be
if, with two such women with me. 1
could so easily leave all my troubles be-
hind.”

  The mavjile shook his head.

  “ Ah, captain, you should have seen
them cat that soap! ” he said.

  “ Don’t be alarmed, my dear count,”
the captain answered reassuringly, lay-
ing his hand on the arm of the pre-
tended mouji],-. Vou and those Amer-
icans did something last night that has
contributed much to advance the cause
of Free Russia. Sviokon is dead. May
God have mercy on his soul! ”

  “ Amen,” murmured the count.

  Then, without so much as a word of
farewell or a handshake, they parted.

  No tickets or passports were required
of the passengers on the Red Cross
train. Five or six times on its way to
MoscOw it was side-tracked, but it was
only for brief periods that its humming
wheels were still.

  Flowers did not bloom in the gardens
of Russia during those rigorous winter
days any more than they bloomed in
the hearts of that dark nation's unhappy
people. But as the Red Cross train
passed over steppe and through cities,
men removed their caps and bowed their
heads.

  “ They are our brothers who have
come back to us,” said the mimjiks.

  “ They are the Little Father’s chil-
dren,” said the priests, as they stood
with upraised crosses.

  “ Thev are the sacrifices which we
have laid on the altar of Russian despot-
ism,” said the Sons of Freedom.

  And so, in the course of time, the
Red Cross train came to Moscow. Most
of the invalids were distributed among
the city hospitals. Some, however,
were pronounced convalescent and were
discharged with passports to their
homes.

  The two Frenchmen, Henri Levaine
and Louis Rot in, received pa. sports to
St. Petersburg. Two nurses, Marie
174

THE ARGOSY.

Caton and Louise Barteau, went with
them. The four had a compartment
to themselves. Old friends would have
recognized in Marie the Princess Ko-
daleski, and in Louise her friend Edith
Wvanforth.

  The four had spent several days in
Moscow, keeping close to their rooms
in a part of the city that was inhabited
by workingmen. Kenc-k had selected the
apartments, and it was through Kenck
and Peringoff that they obtained their
news from the outsid,e world. By
means of the “ Swallow Post" they
learned that Casimir believed that Edith
and Claire had perished with Sviokon in
the private car which was destroyed at
Kinel. Assured of this, they decided
to go to St. Petersburg and place them-
selves under the protection of the
United States embassy.

   After bidding farewell to Kenck and
Peringoff, they boarded a train about
eight o’clock on the morning of Satur-
day, January 21. The train was an
express which was scheduled to make
only two stops between Moscow and the
capital.

  These stops were Tver and Bologoe,
the latter being about half-way between
their starting-point and their destina-
tion.

  The day was clear, and as the four
friends were borne northward in the
swift-moving train their spirits were
almost as unclouded as the skies. When
the train slowed down at Tver, however,
the two women, watching Gridley, saw a
grim look come into his face as the door
of the compartment was dung open and
the conductor, accompanied by an
<mt-! nr of the police, demanded passports
and tickets.

   Both were returned and all breathed
easier. When the train moved off,
however, Gridley unfolded one of the
passports.

   And as he did so, he gave utterance
to an exclamation of dismay. It was
obliterated by a black smudge.

   Each of the three other passports was
examined in turn. All were smudged.

   Gridley passed the papers to Lankirk,
who, after glancing at them, regarded
hi- friend blankly.

  The two men tried the doors. They
were locked, and even if they had not

been, the speed of the train would have
made leaping suicidal.

  And so, hour after hour, the four .sat
in silence, with haggard faces, until the
train finally drew up at the Bologoe
station.

  The car scarcely had come to a stand-
still when the door was opened by the
conductor. Gridley’s heart sank within
him.

  Behind the railway official he met the
searching eyes of Colonel Verbanovof.

  “ Tickets and passports,’’ demanded
the conductor.

  With his eyes still on those of Ver-
banovof, Gridley hesitated, then he
passed out the papers.

  The conductor took them and handed
the passports to Verbanovof. The rep-
resentative of the Third Section, with-
out opening them, smiled faintly at
Gridley and returned the unopened
passports to the conductor, who passed
them on to the young millionaire. The
door was slammed shut, and about two
or three minutes later the train moved
on.

  In five hours more they were in St.
Petersburg.

  With beating hearts, the four fugi-
tives left the railway carriage. The
clothes they wore had been obtained in
Moscow. Kenck, who selected them,
had been careful to see that the outer
wraps of each were provided with big
collars.

  These were now turned up. The
little party had no luggage, so it did not
pause on its way from the station plat-
form to the street.

  Two sleighs were quickly found.
Gridley and Edith seated themselves in
one. and Lankirk and the princess en-
tered the other. The drivers were
directed to go to an address in the work-
ingmen's quarter that had been given by
Kenck.

  Twenty minutes later they took pos-
session of four neat but plainly fur-
nished rooms in a quiet apartment above
a furniture store.

  The night was uneventful. Despite
Kenck's assertion that they would be
visited before midnight by one of the
members of his society, they had no
callers. At about one o’clock they
retired.
1 "

THE BLACK SMUDGE.

    Shortly after six o’clock in the morn-
 ing all were awakened, however, by a
 violent thumping on the main door.

CHAPTER XV.

THIS “ LITTLE FATIIEUS ” CHILDREN.

   As the knocking continued, Gridley
 rose and, being already partly dressed,
 hurried to the door and opened it.

    A man, heavily muffled in a fur over-
 coat, quickly entered the room.

    “ Close the door,” he said abruptly.
 As the visitor rolled down his collar,
 Gridley recognized Worenkenski, the
 president of Kenck’s society.

   Gridley held out his hand, and
 Worenkenski grasped it perfunctorily.

   “Anything wrong?” asked Gridley,
 with a sudden feeling of apprehension.

    “ There is likely to be if you do not
 keep close under cover,” the other an-
 swered. - You have been traced to this
 street, and nearly every house for three
 minutes’ walk on each side of you is
 watched by spies.”

 “ On what charge will they attempt
 to arrest us ? ”

 “ The assassination of Sviokon.”
 Gridley’s face grew pale.

 “ All of us i ” he gasped.
 c* The four,” said Worenkenski
 tersely.

    Is it known, then ? ”

 “ Only to Casimir and Verbanovof, I
 think. The formal charge will not be
 made until after you are in custody.
 You were recognized at Tver. In
 Heaven's name, how did you get past
 Bologoe ? ”

 11	Verbanovof-”

 Gridley stopped.

 “ Our passports were not examined
 there,” he went on.

 Worenkenski looked at Gridley
 sharply, then rolled up his collar again.

 “ Do not leave the house or be seen at
 the windows under any circumstances,”
 he said. “If all goes well we may ar-
 range to have vour comrade-”

 “ Lankirk?””

 “ Ave, that’s the man I mean. We
 may arrange to have him see some repre-
 sentative of your embassy to-dav. You
 must get away to-morrow.”

Worenkenski turned abruptly, and,

175

without further ceremony, left the
room.

  The woman who had admitted them
to the house served the little party with
,l light breakfast. I fer manner was sul-
len, and when Gridley attempted to im-
prove her temper by offering a couple
of gold pieces to her, she refused them
with a contemptuous gesture.

    You are my man’s guests, not mine,”
she said. “ I’m no servant who is to be
paid with money.”

  Shortly before ten o’clock there was
another series of knocks on the door.
When Gridley opened it he saw a man,
in the Sunday dress of a workingman,
standing in the hall.

  “ A letter for Monsieur Gridlcv,” said
the man.

  Gridley tore open the envelope.
Within was a letter that read as fol-
lows :

  The bearer will conduct .you and your
friend to a place where I am awaiting
you with a representative of your em-
bassy. Leave the princess and made-
moiselle where they are. Y”ou will have
passports in time, to start to-night.

W OREStKEKSHL

  Gridley turned to Lankirk and gave
him the note. The foreman nodded,
and in a few moments both men had
slipped on their overcoats, said a fewr
encouraging words to the two women,
and set off after the messenger.

  Their conductor led them dowm a
stairway in the rear of the building, and
thence through several alleys to a street
that ran at right angles with that in
Avhich they had their lodging. As they
emerged into this, four policemen
suddenly seized them by the arms.

  Both men turned upon the captors
and fought desperately. The street was
crowded, and from the throng that
surged toward the struggling men there
suddenly leaped a brawny man in a fur-
lined coat.

  “They are our brothers! Quick, my
friends—release them! ”

  The speaker was Worenkenski.

  In a thrice the policemen were thrown
down and trampled underfoot. Woren-
kenski caught Gridley by the arm.

  “Why did you leave your rooms?”
he demanded with flashing eyes.

  The American thrust into his hands
176

THE ARGOSY.

the note that the messenger had given
to him. Worenkenski’s hands trembled
as he read the lines.

  “ The women—the women—back to
the women! ” he cried. “ It is a trick of

Casimir’s! ”

  Followed by a little group of Woren-
kenski’s friends, the three men ran on
with all the speed that was possible in
the crowded street. As they came
within sight of the house in which the
party had spent the night, they saw a
closed carriage moving away from the
door. *

  “Stop them! Stop them!” Woren-
kenski cried in Russian.

  A hundred voices took up the cry,
and the crowd started in pursuit.

  A few moments later the carriage
turned into the Nevski Prospect.
There the driver encountered an unex-
pected obstacle.

  From curb to curb the broad thor-
oughfare was crowded with marching
men—thousands of workers, clad in
holiday attire. All were orderly, but
each face wore an expression of grim de-
termination, and, from time to time,
iee-pieks, the ends of clubs, and .other
rude weapons of self-defense were to be
observed thrust in pockets and coat-
sleeves, when, indeed, they were not
carried openly.

  It was in vain that the driver at-
tempted to force his way through the
inarching throng. A dozen hands
seized the bridles of his horses and
forced the animals back upon their
haunches.

  The sturdy shoulders of Worenkenski
and Gridley forced a way through the
crowd. Lankirk was close upon the
heels of his companions.

  As the three men drew nearer the
vehicle, however, their progress was
more difficult. Fifty feet away from it
the closely packed mass was impene-
trable.

  It was in vain that Worenkenski de-
manded recognition. The howls and
jeers of the persons around the car-
riage smothered his words.

  Women vied with men in shouting in-
putting epithets to the occupants of the
carriage. In a few moments the doors
were a-swing. Three or four pairs of
arms reached within.

  Then there was a mighty shout, and
persons standing in front of. Gridley
tried to climb on the shoulders of those
in front of them.

  With a hoarse cry of desperation,
Gridley again began to light his way
forward. Ahead of him, as in a mist, he
saw hundreds of heads, shoulders and
moving arms and the black top and
sides of the carriage.

  Inch by inch he moved forward. His
hat was gone, his coat was torn, and the
veins in his head and neck stood out
like cords. At length he was within
twenty feet of the vehicle.

  Through one of the doors a man in a
military uniform was being dragged.
For an instant only Gridley saw his
face.

  It was Carboloff, the lieutenant he
had seen in the Krazo.

  The American saw a club fall on the
head of the young officer. The crowd in
front of him surged back. Hoarse yells
—jubilant and vengeful—rose from
those around the victim of the awful
fury of the mob, and these were taken
up by the thousands who were now surg-
ing behind him.

  Then a second man was dragged from
the carriage. He wore a gray beard,
and was clad in the uniform of an officer
of police.

  As he fell forward there came a shout
from an intersecting street, and a detail
of police forced its way to where the
wrecked carriage stood. The vehicle was
drawn away, and the police, finding that
they were unable to cope with the angry
marchers, gave way.

  The tumult subsided, and the march-
ers began to move on again. The voices
of the leaders began to be heard—voices
giving utterance to frenzied appeals for
order.

  “ Brothers, would you ruin all ?39
cried one. “ Would you go to the Little
Father with blood upon your bands?’’

  “ The quarrel was of their seeking,”
cried a workingman at Gridley'\s elbow.
“ Did not the autocrats try to beat down
our women and children under the feet
of their horses ? ”

  “ Why did they drive among us? ”

  “ Would they pave the streets with
our bodies? ”

  While these cries were rising around
THE BLACK SMUDGE.

 him, Gridley turned and tried to get
 into the street into which the wrecked
 vehicle had been drawn. But, breathing
 heavily as a result of his exertions, and
 almost paralyzed by his apprehension
 concerning the safety of Claire and
 Edith, lie was no more capable of free-
 ing himself from the onward-moving
 human tide than a man would be in an
 attempt to swim against the rush of
 water in the rapids of Niagara.

 “ Were there women "in the car-
 riage ? ” he cried, addressing the crowd
 around him.

 “ Aye, ayef,” answered one. “ Two
 hussies—hung with silk and diamonds.”
 “ ^ay, nay, there were no women,”
 cried another. “ A Russian working-
 man would not harm a woman.”

 “ Aye, there were women,” said a

 third. “ 1 saw-”

 “ Nay, nay, there--”

 Some one began singing the “’Mar-
 seillaise.”

 “'Silence! Silence!” shouted a score
 of voices.

 “ We are workingmen—not revolu-
 tionists ! ”

 “Silence! We are children of the
 Little Father!”

 The voices that had taken up the song
 were stilled.

 “Will the Little Father see us?”

 “ Yes.”

 Another voice began singing the
 national anthem of Russia. Others took
 up the words.

 “ Hurrah for the Little Father! ”

 “ Hurrah! ”

 Tlie head of the procession had now
 come into the great semi-circle in front
 of the Winter Palace. Before them rose
 the lofty column of Alexander 11. The
 shouts died away, and the marchers
 spoke in whispers.

 “ Will he come to us? ”

 “ Yes.”

 “ See the soldiers! Does the Little
 Father fear his children ? ”

 “ No, no! Hush! ”

 “ What regiments are there?”

 “ Cossacks.”

 “Aye, and the Jsmailovsky Guards.”
 “ The Pavlovsk and Pracobrajensky
 regiments of infantry.”

 “ Aye, aye, I see them now.”

 “ Will they fire on us?”

      12	A

 “ No. We are their brothers. But

 ir 'i P^est speaking to an officer.

 He holds his crucifix aloft.”
 lie is a noble man.”

 “ Aye.”

 “ What are they saying?”

 “ No man can hear as far as that.”
 “Will the Little Father come to a
 window, or ride forth from the Neva

 Gate ? ”

 ” The window.”

 ” No. He will ride out to us.”

 “See! The priest and those around
 him are moving forward! ”

 There was a crash of firearms.

 “ My God! ”

 Heaven help us! They are firing.”
 " They are blank cartridges. No one

 falls. But-”

 Then came a second volley, louder
 than the first.

 The priest stood alone with upraised
 crucifix. Around him lay a score of
 human bodies—some were writhing—
 some were still.

 From the assembled thousands rose a
 cry the like of which no man ever heard
 before—a cry similar to that a loving
 wife might utter when, felled to the
 floor by the blow of her husband, she
 falls with her cherished ideals in the
 dust.

 “ And now, ye fools, ye have the
 Little Father's answer!” cried a ster-
 torian voice.

 “ Little Father—Little Devil! ”
 Trembling with anguish, hundreds of
 men raised clenched hands to their eyes.
 Wailing women, with horror-stricken
 countenances, threw shawls over their
 heads and turned away.

 “ The Cossacks! The Cossacks! ”

 A thousand horsemen were spurring
 their steeds toward the mob.

 “ Ah, Heaven save us! The Little
 Father has gone mad! ”

 The lips that spoke the words were
 closed and numb and bleeding, as the
 result of the blow of a powerful fist.

 “Little Father!” exclaimed the
 owner of the hand. “ Let no man call
 him f Little Father5 more! Curse him
 —curse him! He is a tyrant! ”

 There was another volley from the
 regiments of infantry, then the Cossacks
 were upon them, with the blood-lust in
 their eyes.
178

THE ARGOSY.

  In the sun of that Holy Sabbath
morning their sabers Hashed on high.
Then they fell, and when they were
raised again the blood of unarmed men
and women had robbed them of their
sheen.

  Back, back pressed the mob, with
horror-stricken faces. AY omen fainted
and sank down to be trampled to death
under the feet of men.

   Then there rose a cry of ** Casimir!
Thousands of voices shouted his
name. Ice-pieks, stones, and clubs were
hurled at the heads of the Cossacks
whose steeds were trampling down the
human grain that Cossack sickles
reaped.

  But above the din—the last despair-
ing shrieks of ihe dying, the cries of the
wounded, and the roar of the fleeing
mob—rose the angry shout:

  •‘Casimir! Casimir! It is the work
of Casimir! ”

  Gridley found refuge in a doorway as
the frenzied mob surged past. The Cos-
sacks, glutted with blood, turned back.
And, as they went, the American saw a
priest, who, with pallid features, still
stood before the horrified throng.

   In his hand he held a crucifix. Before
him was the Cossack horde, returning
with dripping sabers to the Vinter
Palace of the Czar. Behind him was his
flock.

  Then the black-robed man bent down.
At his feet was lying the bleeding and
mangled form of a little child who felt
no pain.

  Into the blood of the little one the
priest thrust the crucifix. Then he
raised it Heavenward, and said:

  “ Again, 0 Father of us all, look
upon this blood-stained emblem of the
sufferings of Thy Son, and let the
light of Tliv mercy shine once more
upon the children of men.”

   Then, with the cross still upraised, he
turned to the throng behind him and
went on:

  “ Like the old Herod, he whom we,
in our blindness, have called our ‘Little
Father/ has shed the blood of the inno-
cents. lie has defiled the image of the
Christ-child. He has caused those to be
slain who were created in the image of
the Virgin. Henceforth the only father
that Russia may call its own is our

‘ Father which is in Heaven.’ Nicholas,
no longer our £ Little Father/ is the
tyrant of all the Russias. He can beget
only tyrants that can find no favor in
Heaven’s eyes. May his whole reptile
brood be accursed ! ”

  He stopped, and pressed to his lips
the blood-stained crucifix.

   For several moments all were .silent,
then a woman’s voice said:

  “ Amen! ”

  “ Amen ! ” the throng repeated after
her.

  “Amen! The Little Father is no
more! ”

  From across the Nova there came the
sound of rifle volleys. The mob began
to murmur.

  “To Casimir’s! To Casimirs!”

  The murmurs swell to shouts.

  “To Casimir’s! To Casimir’s!”

  And rushing on at the head of the
avengers was Gridley.

  “To Casimir’s!” he cried.

CHAPTER XVI.

THE HOUSE OF CASIMIK.

  “To Casimir’s!”

  Gridley’s voice was hoarse. His head
was bare, his coat was torn, and his
face had the expression of a fanatical
Russian revolutionist.

  “ To Casimir’s! ”

   They came to Casimir's palace at last.
Mounted Cossacks were on guard—a
score of them—but the onrushing mob
laughed at the bared sabers.

  One of the riders aimed a blow at
Gridley. The American laughed wildly
as he dodged it. When he raised his
head, the foaming mouth of the steed
brushed his cheek.

  In a moment he had thrust his hand
in its nostrils. Over, over, with a mighty
grip, he turned the horse’s head. The
animal fell on its side.

  The toes of heavy hoots were kicking
the head of the entangled Cossack.
Gridley picked up the fallen saber, fight-
ing with another member of the mob for
its possession. The American kept the
blade.

   “ On, on! ” he cried, as he flourished
the weapon over his head.

  Another Cossack aimed a stroke at
THE BLACK SMUDGE.

179

him. Gridley caught it on his saber,
then thrust his blade through the body
of the horse. The animal went down.

  The mob surged over the rider, and
the American ran 011 to where a group
of men were striving to break the lock
of the steel-barred gate to the palace
yard. The lock gave way and the mob
rushed in.

  On the four sides of the palace the
mob howled and jeered. The windows
were shattered by hying missiles, and
revolvers began to bark ominously.

  The bronze entrance doors were
locked. With Gridley at its head, the
mob, mounting on boxes and brawny
shoulders, began pouring through the
windows.

  As the invaders passed from room to
room the servants tied aghast. Mirrors
were shattered, furniture was broken,
and costly pictures and carpets were
slashed by ruthless knives.

  “ Casimir! Casimir! Where is Casi-
mir ? ” was the cry.

  Room after room on the first floor was
searched, closets were opened, and the
stairways creaked under the weight of
the advancing throng.

  “ Casimir—coward ! Casimir, come
out! Where is the degenerate son of the
Romanoffs ? ”

  All over the second floor of the palace
the searchers spread. In a woman’s
boudoir they found a cigar and a ciga-
rette; both were burning.

  ki He is here! The scent is hot! Casi-
mir! Casimir!”

  A group of vandals tore down a paint-
ing. It was a portrait of Peter the
Great. They trampled it under their
feet.

  As they passed on, Gridley paused. A
line in the wall, just beneath the top of
the frame, caught his eyes.

  As he passed his finger along the bot-
tom of the frame it touched a lever.
He gave this a twist, and the frame
moved outward.

  Below the frame was a mantelpiece,
and beneath this stood a chair. He
mounted in a moment.

  Then, saber in hand, he entered the
opening in the wall. Turning to the
right he saw a flight of steps. At the
top he came to a little attic-room about
ten feet square.

 Casimir was before him, a revolver in
 his hand. The weapon snapped. In
 another moment the saber had knocked
 it to the lloor and the point of the
 blade was at the grand duke’s breast.

“Stop!”

A woman, clothed in black, rushed
forward, and one of her hands closed
over the blade.

“ Remember! ”

The speaker was Kortese, the
Tzigane.

 “ You have won,'” she said, address-
 ing Gridley. “ But your triumph is my
 own. The life of Casimir is mine! ”

 Cut by the blade, one of the hands of
 the Tzigane was bleeding.

 With a firm grasp on the grip of the
 weapon, Gridley lowered the point of
 the saber and hesitated.

 “ You and all your friends are free,”
 said Kortese.

 Gridley looked once more at Casimir.

The grand duke nodded.

“ I have been wrong,” he said.
“ Leave Russia when you will—all of
you.”

 His face was pale and haggard, and as
 he sank down in a chair beside a little
 table, he picked up a pen and wrote a
 few lines on a writing-pad that lay be-
 fore him.

 While he was thus employed, Gridley
 took from his pocket a little bag of
 chamois skin and held it toward Kor-
 tese.

 “ 1 have not touched a copeck of it,”
 he said coldly.

 The Tzigane hesitated, then took it
 from his hands.

 “ And you will not permit that mob
 to-”

 “ No,” said Gridley. “ Our accounts
 are balanced now.”

 As Casimir placed a paper in Grid ley's
 hands there came to their ears a hoarse
 shout from below.

Gridley rushed down the steps. He
found three men staring at the'open
panel.

 “ 1 found the panel and searched the
 chamber,” he said. “There is no one
 there.”

Even as he spoke cries of warning
echoed through the house.

“ The Cossacks—the Cossacks are
here! ”
180

THE ARGOSY.

  The invaders fled. As Gridley was
running down the stairs, an officer
aimed a revolver at his breast.

  Gridley held forth the paper he had
received from Casimir, but which he
had Dot read.

  The officer scanned each line care-
fully.

  “ Pass on,” he said.

*	* * *

  At the house in which he had passed
the preceding night Gridley found
Lankirk and a note.

  The note informed him that when the
carriage had been stopped by the mob,
Claire and Edith had been allowed to
escape. They were at the home of
Worenkenski, and there the two men
found them.

  Tlie note written by Casimir was as
follows:

  John Gridley, Edith Wyanforth,
Stephen Lankirk and the Princess Ko-
daleski have placed themselves under my
protection. They will leave Russia within
the next forty-eight hours. Any person
who places an obstacle in the way of

their preparations or departure will
make an enemy of

Casimir.

  Note.—Necessary instructions will be
given to all government officials. C.

  On the following morning Gridley
called on Torrell and obtained the nec-
essary passports. Through Torrell he
learned that Prince Ivodaleski's rela-
tions with certain revolutionists had
been discovered, and that, compelled to
llee from Russia, he was awaiting the
arrival of his wife in Paris.

  That afternoon, Gridley, Claire,
Edith, and Lankirk left St. Petersburg
for Berlin. A week later, in the
American Church in Paris, Edith, in the
presence of Lankirk and the Prince
and Princess Kodaleski, formally sub-
stituted for Wyanforth the surname of
Gridley.

  As they leaned over the church reg-
ister, Gridley passed the pen to his
bride and said:

  “ Here, at least, my dear, we need
have 110 fear of finding the black
smudge of Casimir.”

THE END.

The Tale of the Truthful Unfortunate.

 BY EARLE ASHLEY WALCOTT.

An up-to-date experience on the Arabian Nights order, and which is submitted minus a moral.

THE first day of the month having
arrived, the Caliph Ilaroun al
Raschid assumed the disguise of a
working journalist, and in accordance
with his custom walked abroad to in-
spect the order of the city.

  He chose for his escort only the faith-
ful Mesrour, chief of the eunuchs, and
him he equipped in the habit of an artist
bearing a kodak in his hand as a guar-
antee of good faith.

  The electric lights were blazing
brightly along the Bagdad streets as the
pair set forth from the palace and
joined the throngs that hurried along
on business or pleasure bent.

   Bismillah! ” cried the caliph
angrily, as he was compelled to make
the running broad jump to avoid being
run down by a trolley car. “ Make a

note of that motorman. His head shall
be struck off to-morrow.”

  “ I was so overcome by your majesty’s
peril that his face is but a blur in my
memory,” faltered Mesrour.

  “ What is your kodak for?” ex-
claimed the caliph. “ Of all the in-
competent character artists in the
palace, you are the worst. But never
mind. Your fault can easily be reme-
died. Have the heads of all the motor-
men in Bagdad struck off.”

  By this time they had reached the
business center of Bagdad, and the
caliph's ill-humor was dispelled by the
sight of a crowd gathered about some
center of attraction with signs of in-
terested attention that promised an
entertainment exactly to his majesty’s
liking.
THE TALE OP THE TRUTHFUL UNFORTUNATE.

181

  The faithful Mesrour opened a lane
for his master through the throng, and
the caliph then discovered a young man
in evening dress attempting to walk on
his hands while he balanced his feet
gracefully in the air. The amateur
acrobat had marked out a small circle
on the asphalt, and his immediate pur-
pose appeared to be to accomplish the
feat of walking about it in the inverted
position described without touching his
feet to the ground.

  Three times the caliph saw the young
man lose his balance before he had com-
pleted the circuit; and at each failure
the unsuccessful acrobat gravely rose,
as gravely tossed a silver coin into the
crowd, and then betook himself once
more to his manumotory progress. At
the fourth trial the young man com-
pleted the circuit without touching his
feet to the pavement, whereupon he
rose, bowed to the spectators with prac-
tised grace, and, taking up his silk hat
from the center of the circle, passed it
about among the crowd with the air of
an imam taking up the collection.

  At this end to the performance the
throng hastily dispersed. The young
man showed neither surprise nor morti-
fication at this response to his enter-
prise, and Haroun al Raschid, forget-
ting the responsibilities of his disguise,
threw a purse of sequins into the hat.

  The young man halted, and with
marks of lively astonishment on his face
took the purse from the hat, scrutinized
the coins closely, tested one with his
teeth, and, his doubts satisfied, put the
purse in his pocket and the hat on his
head.

  As he was turning to walk away, the
caliph, overcome with curiosity, de-
tained him.

  “ Pardon me,” lie said, “ but may 1
ask the reason why a young man of
your appearance and habit should per-
forin so extraordinary an action ? ’

  The young man looked doubtfully at,
the caliph for a moment, and then with
an exquisite bow replied:

  “ I observe that you are a journalist.
Nevertheless, as you are the first man
to show financial appreciation of my
efforts, and have thereby saved me from
the last refuge of despair, T do not feel
at liberty to refuse your request. I

place myself in the keeping of your dis-
cretion. Come in here and have one on
me, while I tell you the atorv of my
life.”

  He led the Commander of the Faith-
ful and Mesrour to a neighboring cafe,
and when they were seated at the tab:e
before the foaming schooners of zern-
zem, he began his tale.

  '■ You behold before you,” he said,
“ the miserable victim of a malignant
genie, ruined by the affliction of an in-
tempestivitous veracity.”

  “ Bismillah! ” interrupted the caliph.
“ Say that over in Arabic.”

  ” The curse laid upon me,” explained
the young man, “ takes the form of an
irresistible impulse to tell the truth at
the most unseasonable times.”

  “ The Koran,” said the caliph se-
verely, “ teaches us that the truthful
man is blest of Allah.”

  “ That may very well be,” admitted
the young man, “ for we are told that
he blesses also the poor and the sick.
Yet however grateful the pursuit of
truth may be to Allah, I have proved
that it is ruinous to the life and for-
tunes of man. Listen: My father was
a merchant of Balsora, and by a steady
attention to the business of Morganeer-
ing amassed a splendid fortune.

  “ For many years the wisdom of
Providence denied him a son, but in his
old age Allah listened to his prayers and
vouchsafed him an heir who, he fondly
supposed, was to transmit his name and
wealth to future generations. But alas!
In pursuing his plans for consolidating
all the water-powers of the earth int >
the ownership of one company, he had
seized upon one of the cataracts of the
.Caucasus that had been reserved by the
King of the Genii for his own use. So
when the festivities that celebrated my
birth were held, with all the magnifi-
cence of display for which my father
was noted, the King of the Genii en^
tered the hall and with royal condescen-
sion said:

  “ ‘ I will endow your son with a
precious possession. He shall be able
to speak nothing but the truth.’

  “ My father was overjoyed at this
mark of favor, and offered on the spot
to consolidate the properties of the genii
into a single corporation, and to under-
182

THE ARGOSY.

write the issues of securities for half
the usual commission. My father at that
moment remembered the copy-book
mottoes with their high appraisement of
truth, and forgot how little of it he used
in his own business.

  “ My father died before he saw the
full effect of the malignity of the King
of the Genii. Yet I am assured that I
made his last years a heavy burden by
my plain speaking upon his course of
life. Before I reached the age of fifteen,

I was left with the largest fortune in
the caliph’s dominions, and the curse of
the genie on my tongue. I am now
twenty-five. In ten years I have wasted
those immense accumulations. You saw
the last of his sequins ilung among the
unappreciative herd to-night, and but
for your bounty I should now be on the
way to the morgue, without a coin in my
pocket.”

  The caliph’s curiosity was but
whetted by this summary of the young
man's career, and he demanded:

  *• How did your gift of veracity de-
prive vou of the enormous fortune that
your father had provided for you? ’

    I must speak frankly and trust to
your good nature to keep the most
shocking details out of print,” replied
the young man.

  The caliph bowed at this tribute to
the excellence of his disguise.

  “ We suppress more horrifying de-
tails than we publish,” he said.

  The young man pushed back his
damp hair from his forehead, and re-
sumed his tale:

  li 1 make no claim to be wiser or bet-
ter than other young men of fortune.
Therefore a good share of my father’s
stealings went in tribute to the twin
evils—Avine and women. But that is a
mere detail. My fortune would have
survived the tax for the sparkling
liquors and the hand-ful of jewels that
I flung about me had it not been for my
fatal gift.

  “ My father's funeral had been but a
few months past when the trustees of
the estate called me into council and ex-
plained that one of the corporations in
which I was the principal stockholder
had proved unprofitable, and that it
would be necessary to sell out if it Avere
not to prove a total loss.

  “‘But who will buy a worthless
property?' 1 asked.

  “ 1 Oh, we will unload it on the pub-
lic/ replied the trustees. ‘ We will pay
a thumping big dividend, and drop hints
about a coining consolidation of warring
interests, and the lambs on the Street
will be breaking their necks to pay a
fancy price for the stock.’

  “ ‘ But that will be stealing/ I ob-
jected .

    ‘ It ill becomes you to say so/ said
one of the trustees. ‘ it is the way your
honored father, may he rest in Abra-
ham’s bosom, brought this great fortune
together.’

  “ ‘ 1 often told my father that I sus-
pected him of being a thief/ I returned.
‘Noav I am sure of it.’

  “The trustees were shocked; then
angry; and when 1 said calmly that no-
body but a thief Avould make such a
proposition, they threw up their hands
and said that they would let the prop-
erty go to ruin. 1 replied that they
might use their judgment about that.
I Avas merely stating the truth—not at-
tempting to influence their action.

  “ One of the trustees a little later
confirmed my judgment of him by run-
ning" aAvay to the dominions of the
Sultan of Cashmere, taking w’tli him
five millions of my inherited sequins.
After that 1 came into the management
of my oAvn business. But the genie’s
gift was fata] to every enterprise in
which 1 embarked.

  ‘‘ I told the truth about the corpora-
tions in which 1 was interested. Few of
them were able to survive the ordeal, i
explained to one of your brethren of
the press those methods of letting con-
tracts to ourselves that make it so
profitable to hold the control of rail-
roads when we own so little of the
stock. We were thrown out at the next
stockholders’ meeting, and some other
plunderers were put into our places.

  “ I explained to another of your
fellow-reporters the methods by which
the Bagdad City Council was induced
to grant us the privileges for running
street railroads without compensation
to the city. As a result, several of my
friends were sent to jail, aud I myself
was indicted. It cost me one million
sequins to avoid a trial.
TIIE TALE OF THE TRUTHFUL UNFORTUNATE.

183

  '* Enough of business. Those are but
samples of the chain of circumstances
that brought me to betake myself with
my diminished fortune to the study and
practise of the law. 1 purchased a part-
nership in a noted law firm. In one
year 1 had ruined the business.

  “ The genie’s fatal gift forced me to
tell some of our best clients that they
had no case, and they took their busi-
ness to another firm. 1 settled in a day
an estate from which the firm had
drawn a comfortable income for ten
years. I told a jury that our wealthiest
client, was engaged in an attempt to get
■by the chicanery of the law the property
that, rightfully belonged to another, and
that we hoped they would assist him in
that nefarious scheme. J confessed to
the court that there was just as much
law on the other fellow’s side as on ours,
and that we knew he would decide as
his prejudices dictated anyhow.

  “ In fine, 1 offended our clients—even
those I benefited by my plain speaking
— and brought down the wrath of the
judges on our firm by candidly explain-
ing the shams of the law in open court.
So we were soon ruined.

  “ I was advised to enter the noble pro-
fession of medicine, and did actually be-
gin its study under the patronage of
one of the foremost practitioners of
Bagdad. But within three months I was
turned out of his office for telling the
richest woman in the city that there
was nothing the matter with her except
her gluttony, and that the medicines
she was paying us a thousand sequins
a month to furnish her were no better
than so many bottles of water out of
the Tigris. The doctor overheard me,
and.I was thrown down-stairs by his
Ethiopian bouncer.

  “ I would have sought refuge in the
church and a life of devotion, but the
genie’s fatal gift was the flaming sword
that barred me from this paradise. I
complained before the college that the
•imam was not taught to preach the
message of the Koran, but was required
to expound a faith founded on the in-
terests and prejudices of his congrega-
tion; whereat 1 was summarily expelled
from the school as a heretic.

  “ I was as unfortunate in love as in
business. A few years ago I became de-

votedly attached to a young lady. She
was something above the average of her
sex in good looks, and rather better in
temper than the majority.

    \\ hen I tell you that she endured
my plain speaking for above a month
you can believe that she returned my
affection. But a trifle parted us.

    \ ou will perhaps remember that a
few years ago fashion decreed that the
young women should wear from five to
ten black patches on their faces. This
appealed to me as a highly barbarous
and offensive form of decoration. I
told mv affianced that they suggested a
condition of her blood that demanded a
less gluttonous diet, and advised a
course of those sarsaparillas that are ad-
vertised so profusely in your enterpris-
ing journal.

  “ She condescended to explain that
the object of these patches was to en-
hance the whiteness and smoothness of
the remaining skin in the eyes of the
beholder by the effect of contrast. I
was forced to assure her that the effect
was not only unpleasant, but that it was
also a gross form of deceit, unworthy of
a modest and truthful woman.

  “ Instead of taking my remonstrance
in good part, she flew into a passion,
declared she was glad she had found me
out for a domineering, jealous brute be-
fore it was too late. Then she flung the
betrothal ring in my face, and called
her slaves to throw me out. They did
it with so much zeal that I was confined
to my house for many days. Then 1
sought forgetfulness of her in the wine-
shops and in the halls where the mem-
ory of the great Pharaoh is revered.

  ” Three days ago I discovered that
mv fortune was reduced to a few
sequins, and I contemplated putting an
end to a seemingly worthless existence.
Yet before taking such an important
step it seemed but right to consult the
will of Allah. If he had work for me,
it would be but the act of a poltroon
to desert in the face of difficulties.
Therefore, to discern the will of the
Most High, I devised the test whose con-
clusion you witnessed, and I may even
say assisted.”

  The young man now fell silent in
contemplation, and the caliph eagerly
demanded:
184

THE ARGOSY.

  “ Describe the test. I cannot read
riddles.”

  The tone was so commanding that the
other hastily continued:

  “ I had never in the course of my life
made a profit on any investment, specu-
lation, or form of labor whatsoever.
Therefore I determined that unless
Allah should within three days show me
a way in which I might secure a return
from my fellow-man equal at least to
the outlay, I should put an end to an
existence whose uselessness was proved.

  “ At this determination, some power
of the air put it into my head to at-
tempt a street acrobatic entertainment.
I knew nothing about acrobatics, there-
fore when I made a mess of an act my
sense of justice demanded that I pay to
the crowd the sum that I regarded as a
satisfactory reward in case I succeeded.
Therefore at every failure I threw the
spectators a sequin. Whenever I suc-
cessfully performed an act I passed the
hat.”

  “ Unhappy man! ” cried the caliph.
“ Why did you impose on yourself a test
so hopeless?”

  “ Allah is omnipotent,” was the reply,
“ and all tests are alike to him. I may
freely confess, however, that the task
seemed impossible. For three evenings
I have performed my feats on this
corner, and not a sequin had I received
until vou tossed vour purse into my
hat.”

  “ And you have been saved by this
narrow margin ? ” asked the caliph.

  “ The will of Allah is manifest,” said
the young man. “In the three days I
have spent thirty sequins. In this
purse, which is the first reward of my
skill or folly, I find thirty-one sequins. I
take them as a sign that Allah has still
sortie work in the world for me to do.”

  “ You have indeed been unfortunate,”
declared the caliph, “ but better luck
next time.”

  And giving the signal to Mesrour to
keep the young man in sight, he re-
turned to the palace.

  When Haroun al Raschid opened his
divan on the following morning the
young man in the evening dress was
brought into his presenne between two
stalwart guards.

  “ For what are you brought hither? ”
asked the caliph.

  “ 1 know not,” answered the other,
“ unless it be that I am to have the
privilege of serving you in your justly
celebrated prisons.”

  “ Do you not remember me ? ” asked
the caliph sternly. “ Look into my
face.”

  “ The reporter—0 Commander of
the Faithful!” gasped the young man,
trembling with remembrance of the
penalties for lese majcste into which his
passion for speaking the truth might
have brought him.

    Be not afraid,” sakf the caliph
kindly. “ I am pleased with your wit,
and touched by your misfortunes, I
will see that your troubles are ended. I
have discovered-the only position in my
dominions in which your peculiar tal-
ents will permit you to make a success.
I appoint you Inspector of Lay Figures
for life. I am told that figures never
lie, and they will take no offense, how-
ever rudely you may call attention to
their defects. I impose on you but one
condition—and that is that you shall
never marrv. A multiplication of your
species would be fatal to my empire.”
And having taken the vows of
celibacy, the young man lived happily
forever after, and blessed the name of
Uaroun al Raschid.

 THE TRUEST CONQUEROR.

 Who quells a nation’s wayward will
 May lord it on a throne ;

 But he’s a mightier monarch still
 Who vanquishes his own.

 No power of fortune lays him low ;

 No treacherous smile allures ;

 King of himself, through weal or woe—
 He conquers who endures.
 HOW BLEVINS MADE GOOD.

                     BY CHARLES CAREY.

A theatrical tale 01 an exacting manager, an indolent press agent, and a wandering juvenile star.

BLEVINS had been luxuriating in
what is vulgarly known as a
“ snap.” For three months now his
duties had been limited solely to the
drawing of his salary and to sending an
occasional notice to the Sunday papers
announcing that “ * Ring-Around-a-
Rosy,’ that somewhat different musical
comedy, with its phenomenal child,
Little Joseph, is still continuing its
record-breaking run at the Gaiety.”

  “ Is this what you call ‘ press-
agenting ’ a show ? ” demanded Hender-
son, the manager, one day, when lie
met Blevins leisurely sauntering along
the Rialto about the middle of the
afternoon. “ I haven’t seen anything
about us in the papers for more than a
coon’s age.”

  “What’s the use?” retorted Blevins
airily. “ ‘ Ring-Around-a-Rosy ’ is the
big, bona fide hit of the season. We are
sold out for every performance, and the
Wednesday afternoon matinee looks like
a bargain-counter rush. There’s no use
in booming a thing that’s already
boomed; or, as the late W. Shakespeare
put it, ‘Good wine needs no bush.’”

  “ H’m,” mused Henderson reflective-
ly. “ That might be taken to mean that
a good show needs no press agent.”
“Not at all; not at all,” hastily in-
terposed Blevins. “ A press agent is as
necessary to a show as a cigarette to
the villain of melodrama. One may see
no particular use in either of them,
but to try to get along without them
is to put your show or your villain,
whichever it may be, very promptly on
the blink! ”

  “ That may all be,” admitted the
manager dryly, “ but it strikes me that
unless the cigarette gives out a few
puffs of smoke once in a While the vil-
lain might as well have a quill tooth-
pick stuck in his mouth. However —
impatiently—“ I’m in a great hurry just
now, and I’ve got no time to argue the
point with you.

  ‘' Only/"’ he added significantly, “I’d
advise you to smoke up a bit. I’m not in
the habit of paying the price for Egyp-
tians when I get nothing more than
quill toothpicks.”

  “ And he means it, too,” solilo-
quized Blevins ruefully, as the other
turned swiftly away and raced off down
the street. “ That's the trouble with
Henderson. He’s so blamed strenuous
that he wants every one around him to
work his head off, too, whether there’s
anv use in it or not.

  “ Yes ”—with a sigh of regret for his
vanished hours of ease—“ I guess it be-
hooves me to get somewhat of a hustle
on myself, or I might be looking for an-
other job.”

  Thereafter, no one on the staff of
“ Ring-Around-a-Rosy ” could have
been more indefatigablv industrious
than was the “ promoter of publicity.”
Early and late he was at- his desk, and
under his flying fingers his typewriter
reeled forth ream after ream of fic-
tion.

  At night he tossed upon a sleepless
pillow, cudgeling his brains for novel
schemes of advertisement, and he clung
to every newspaper man he met with
the tenacity of a stranded poet seeking
to make a touch.

  “ I never worked harder when I had a
dead frost on my hands," he confessed
bitterly to a friend, “than I've had to
to ‘ ballyhoo ’ this bloomin' old suc-
cess.”

  But the very frenzy with which he
worked wrought exactly the opposite
effect to that which was intended.

  Wily dramatic editors, noting the
zeal with which Blevins bombarded
their citadels, began to suspect that
there was a method in his madness and
that all was not as prosperous in the
“ Ring-Around-a-Rosy ” camp as ap-
peared upon the surface.

  A whisper commenced to circulate
through the newspaper offices, and
186

THE ARGOSY.

thence penetrated to the outside world,
that the audiences which crowded the
Gaiety were largely “ paper, ’ and that
very fit tie real money was coming in at
the box-office.

  And as this gossip was passed along
it rapidly magnified into a story that
the production was a complete failure,
that its backer was about to withdraw
its support, and that a speedy collapse
was imminent.

  Xow. if it be true that “ Half of suc-
cess is the appearance of success,” no
less is the contrary an undeniable fact;
and these rumors and reports soon be-
gan to react upon the business of
“ Hing-Around-a-Rosy " in a most de-
pressing fashion.

  “ Oh, don't let’s go to see that,” pro-
tested the public. u They say it’s on its
last legs, so it can’t amount to much.
Let’s go to ' The King's Houpla ’ in-
stead.”

  Even those who had seen the play
and had formerly been most vociferous
in commending it now' turned face and
discovered that it was lacking in inter-
est.

  '• Rather pleasing in parts, you under-
stand,” was their revised comment;

  but hardly up to the standard of a
Broadway production, don't you
know ? ”

  Henderson, unable to account for the
sudden turn of the tide, ramped about
the office like a veritable demon of
unrest and kept constantly plodding
Blevins up to increased endeavors.

  “ It’s all your fault,” he would aver,
scowling savagely at the unfortunate
press agent and garnishing his state-
ments with a string of double-jointed ex-
pletives. ‘‘ If you had been attending to
business instead of loafing on me for
three straight months this would never
have happened.”

    But. worst of all, Blevins was no lon-
ger able to secure the insertion of the
“ copy " which he so madly ground out.
Even the Sunday notice was shorn of
the glittering adjectives which had for-
merly passed unchallenged, and now ap-
peared merely as a curt announcement
that Ring-Around-a-Ro.-v " would
continue at the Gaiety for at least an-
other week.

    Blevins dangled his most fascinating

lures in front of the dramatic editors,
he concocted fictions of such verisimili-
tude that even the most doubting of
Thomases should have believed; but it
was all in vain. Not a nibble rewarded
his efforts.

  At last, Henderson, out of patience,
called him sharply to book.

  “ Look here,” said the manager, with
withering sarcasm, “ don’t you think it
would be rather nice to have our show
mentioned just once in a while in the
newspapers? 1 have heard that some
press agents occasionally find time from
their other arduous labors to do a little
of that sort of thing, and although I
wouldn’t for the world encroach on your
valuable time, I thought possibly you,
too, might find leisure to get us up a line
or so.”

  Then, cutting loose from persiflage,
he launched forth into a flow of invec-
tives which surpassed all previous ef-
forts, and left Blevins limp and gasping
in his chair.

  “ I don’t want to hear any more ex-
cuses,” he concluded grimly. “It’s up
to you, and you'll make good to-day or
there’ll be another man behind that
desk to-morrow morning.”

  Of his earnestness there could be no
doubt; and when the press agent was
finally able to pull himself together and
review the situation he was obliged to
confess that the prospect could not well
look more desperate.

  To be discharged from his present
position as incompetent would give him
a black eye from which he could hardly
hope to recover. It meant a long fare-
well to his Xew York car e'er—at the
best, a recourse to the arduous and pre-
carious life upon the road.

  Yet what could he do? He had
pulled every editorial string which lay
to his hand, had exercised his inventive
faculties to their full bent; and all to
no purpose, even while he had plenty of
time at his command.

  But now he was abruptly ordered to
score a hit upon the moment, and as an
alternative was threatened with imme-
diate dismissal.

   “ Why, it’s rank idiocy to attempt it,”
he protested. “ I should simply have
my trouble for my pains. No; I guess
there’s only one thing left for me to do.
HOW BLEVINS

and that is to get out before he has the
chance to tin-can me.”

   Accordingly, he dipped his pen in the
ink, and writing out a formal resigna-
tion, proceeded with it at once to Hen-
derson's office, intending to accompany
its delivery with a few pointed remarks
in return for the insults which had been
heaped upon himself.

  The manager, however, proved to be
out, and a.s he was not expected to re-
turn before two o'clock, Blevins was
compelled to postpone his interview for
a season.

   lie decided that he might most profit-
ably put in the time in getting some
lunch and in framing up a few more
stinging retakes to hurl at the enemy.

   Engrossed, therefore, in his thoughts,
and with his hat jammed over his eves,
he strode fiercely along Sixth Avenue,
shouldering his way through the shop-
ping crowds with a fine indifference as to
whom he might jostle in. his progress.

  But suddenly he was brought to a
halt by an angry voice raised in expostu-
lation:

   “ Hi, I say there, fellow, look where
you arc going. You nearly pushed me
into the bloom in’ gutter! ”

  Blevins glanced up quickly to meet
the indignant glare of a monocled eve,
and to take in an ensemble of top-hat,
frock coat, boutonniere, fresh, ruddy
complexion, and long, tawny mustache,
which inevitably proclaims its possessor
as an Englishman.

  At the same moment he gave a vio-
lent start, for with a flash of instant rec-
ognition he perceived that the other was
no one else but Lord Balmoral, the
wealthy British nobleman, then on a
mysterious visit to New York,and whose
portrait had been appearing in all the
papers for the past week.

  “ Beg pardon, I am sure,” he began
hastily ; but just then he was interrupted
by a joyful hail of welcome, and turning
his eyes in the direction whence it came
was amazed to sec His Lordship’s hand
tightly gripping the collar of “ Little
Joseph,” the very clever child actor of
“ Ring- Arou n d -a- R osy.5'

  u Oh, Mr. Blevins,” cried the boy,
tearing himself loose from his captor
and casting himself tumultuously upon
the press agent, ‘‘‘take me away from

MADE GOOD.	igy

this nasty man. He’s going to take me
to the p’leeee-station, and I haven't
done a thing except to run away from
the theater and get lost. Don't iet him
give me to the p leece, Mr. Blevins. I'll
be a good boy after this, and never run
away again, if you’ll only save me.”
The little fellow’s face was tear-be-
grimed, and he was evidently consumed
with a nervous terror at the thought
of being consigned to the clutches of Ihe
law. But Blevins quickly soothed him,
promising that no harm should befall
him; then he turned to Lord Balmoral
for an explanation.

  “ Ha," said the Englishman, with a
gleam of relief; “ you know the lad, eh?
W ell, I’m glad of it. I ran into him cry-
ing down here on the street, don't you
know; and when he told me he was Tost,
started to take him to a police-station.
But the young beggar has been resisting
all the way, kicking at my shins until
they are black and blue. I'll be only
too happy to turn liim over to you.”
Blevins had it just on the tip of his
tongue to thank the other for his kind-
ness, and to announce that he would
take the boy back to the theater, when
a sudden inspiration seized him.

   “ Not so fast," he exclaimed fiercely.
“ That’s a very pretty story, but it don’t
go with me. Officer,” he shouted to a
policeman standing over on the corner,
and at the same time grabbing the
lordly sleeve in a detaining clutch.
“ Officer! Come here! ”

  “ Phwat's th5 matt her ? ” wheezed
Patrolman Casey, propelling himself
into the melee, and bringing a crowd iu
his wake. “ Phwat's all this disturb-
ance about ? ”

   “ This man is a kidnapper.'' charged
the press agent, raising his voice so that
all could hear. “I insist that you ar-
rest him for attempting to abduct1 Lit-
tle Joseph,' the famous child star of

*	Ring-Around-a-Eosy/ ”

   “Oh, but that’s all bally r<>i, don't
you know?” stuttered Lord Balmoral,
drawing back from the policeman’s
heavy hand, and growing very red in the
face. “ What do J want with the kid-
die? This man is insane. Why, I am
Lord Balmoral.”

   It was an unfortunate admission, for
Casey was just then deeply incensed
188

THE ARGOSY.

over the afflictions of some relatives
who had been evicted from this very
Lord Balmoral’s estates in Ireland.

  “An’ so it's that erool-h ar-r-ted
spalpeen yez are? " he broke in excited-
ly. “ Well, thin, I don’t doubt but that
th’ lad's tale is tlirue. At anny rate,
we'll be lettin’ th' captain find out.
Yez'll be cornin’ along wid me now quiet-
like, or,” with a significant grip on his
club, “ i'll be ai'ther findin out th' ray-
siu why.”

  So, for all his protests, the indignant
peer was marched away to jail, with
Blevins, still holding little Joseph by
the hand, chuckling along behind, and a
crowd the size of which caused the press
agent's heart to swell with exultation
tailing in the rear.

  At the station-house the rescuer of
Little Joseph, with one eye on the news-
paper men who had gathered, eagerly
around, volubly pressed his terrible
charge and insisted on recounting a
story full of lurid details 10 the impa-
tient sergeant.

  The men there were police reporters,
and it was hardly to be expected that
they would spot the fake. So he felt free
to elaborate and embroider to his heart’s
content.

  But suddenly, when in the full tide
of his narrative, his tongue faltered and
his heart sank to his boots; for there,
sauntering leisurely into the place,
came Belknap, shrewdest and wiliest of
all the dramatic editors.

  “ Hello, Blevins,” grinned the critic
malevolently, “ trying to rig up a new
gas-plant for your wilted old balloon,
eh? I heard about it over at a restau-
rant where I was eating, and thought
I'd drop over and spike your guns just
for fun.”

  “ But, Belknap,” protested the other
reporters, “ Lord Balmoral is the pris-
oner in the case. lie would never stand
for being rung in on such a deal unless
there was something behind it."

  “ Of course there is something behind
it,” sneered Belknap. “His Noble
Lordship is now a member of the the-
atrical profession. I happened to learn
only this morning that the purpose of
his mysterious visit over here was to
invest in some American musical com-
edy, and I doubt not from these devel-

opments that ‘Ring-Around-a-Rosy' i.->
the one he has selected. In short, boys,
don’t let Blevins sell you; this is all a
big fraud framed up in Henderson’s
office.”

  “ What's that you say? ” broke in the
Englishman, who up to this point had

seemed completely dazed by the swift
progress of events. “ That 1 am a
willing party to this outrageous arrest?
You don’t know what you arc talking
about. True, I did purchase a musical
comedy to-day, but it was “ The King's
Houpla/ not that miserable old thing,
the ‘ Ring-Around-a-Rosy/ There-
fore, I-”

  “ What ? ” cried Belknap, springing
excitedly to his feet. “You own the
‘Houpla’? Then this must be on the
square, after ail.”

  And, without waiting for further ex-
planations, he dashed oil' for a tele-
phone, the whole pack of other report-
ers trailing at his heels.

  “Then you want this prisoner held,
do you?” inquired the sergeant gruffly
of Blevins.

  “Want him held?” repeated the
press agent. “ Not in a thousand years.
1 wouldn’t cause him another second of
uneasiness. He has saved my life, if any
man ever did.”

  A slow comprehension dawned in the
eyes of Lord Balmoral. lie opened and
shut his mouth uncertainly once or
twice.

  “ Then this was really a trick to get
your bloody show mentioned in the
papers ? ” lie questioned.

  “ Yes,” admitted Blevins, “it was. I
am sorry to have had to drag Your
Lordship into it, but when I've ex-
plained the circumstances-”

  “ No apologies necessary,” inter-
rupted Balmoral; and then as the full
humor of the thing broke on him he
went off into peal after peal of ringing
laughter.

  Suddenly, however, lie checked him-
self and looked at Blevins with a quick
interest.

  “By Jove/’ he exclaimed, “you are
just the chap I need for 4 The King’s
Houpla.' Would you consider a change
of berth ? ”

  “ Would I? ” cried Blevins rapturous-
ly. “ You bet I will! ”
 A PLURALITY OF BURGLARS.

BY EDWARD A. MOREE.

A summer night’s adventure with a housebreaker who proved to be more than the stuff of

  which dreams are made, after all.

I OPENED the wooden door, meant to
1 protect the house against burglars,
with the sort of homesick feeling which
everybody who has spent a night in a
summer-closed town house has ex-
perienced.

  Really, it seemed a pity I had not
hunted up father and stayed with him
at the club. But the fever was on me,
and 1 simply had to look up that refer-
ence.

  I was a little sore, however, on the
merry old Rabelais for not having been
more decent with his jokes so that I
could have found him without coming
all the way back to town. But Rabelais
isn’t for all men, and I was in town, and
1 intended to do a lot of reading that
night.

  As soon as 1 got into the hall I
lighted the gas. The yellow' globe over
the lamp made everything look so un-
earthly, especially the canvas-covered
furniture, that I immediately put it out
and started up-stairs in the dark.

  Every step gave out a creak that
sounded like a gun explosion in that
closed-up silence. And despite the
efforts of a caretaker, there was a tomb-
like musty odor pervading the place
which was exceedingly oppressive.

  I was in that mental condition, a
legacy from our Stone Age ancestors,
when everything is magnified into some-
thing to be afraid of. I was very alert,
and, indeed, I had a half-feeling, of
which I was very much ashamed, that
something was about to happen.

  1 was nearly at the top of the stairs
when L caught sight of the crack under
the library door.

  I believe that my heart actually
stopped beating for several seconds.
There was a light in the library! A
burglar in the house!

  Something was happening.

  I stopped on the stairs to collect my
thoughts and listen.

  The silence was worse on my nerves
than tlie trooping of a hundred burglars
through the hall beneath me would have
been. I stood it for a while, until 1
could come to a decision as to what to
do—lor I am a very careful man, and
never do even the most trivial things
without giving them a great deal of
thought.

  This characteristic was accentuated
now that there was a real emergency be-
fore me. I remember trying to think
when I had ever before been confronted
with the problem of catching an actual
burglar.

  Of course the first thing to do was of
a negative order. That wa^ not to make
a noise. I therefore very cairnIv and
very deliberately took off my shoes.

  Then before starting to descend the
stair, in search of help, I looked to
see if mv burglar was still in the library.
The light had disappeared!

  “ Nice position this/’ I thought.
lt Here I am, right in the path of a
desperate man bent on escaping. He
probably heard me take off my shoes!”

  But 1 was not going to run away. No,
the face of a lace-bedecked ancestor
seemed to stare out from one of the
portraits in the hall and bid me pre-
serve the dignity of a family of fighters.

  I crept up one step, intent on seeing
the thing through if it should cost me
my life. I had no more than moved
than the light in the library flashed out
through the crack again.

  Still there? What luck! And then, he
certainly had not heard me or he would
not have flashed the light from his
lantern again.

  Satisfied that the intruder was still in
a capturable situation, I made a quiet
descent of the stairs.

  You can bet that as soon as I reached
tlie bottom 1 took the precaution to
arm myself. True, the armory facilities
of our house were not very extensive
190

THE ARGOSY.

nor very efficient in ease of a real
serious emergency.

  •	** But," I thought as I took down that
old Revolutionary sword and carelessly
flourished the 1812 horse pistol. “ these
burglars are usually arrant cowards,
and only need ihe show of fight to
frighten them into submission. A real
brave burglar would rob a house in
broad daylight, where there was some
chance of resistance.

  I had started up the stairs again when
mv precautionary instinct stopped me.

  ‘What reason had I to think there
were not three or four burglars in that
lighted room? Why, if there were only
two, they would make it exceedingly
difficult for me to capture them!

  No, I never could think of going into
that room alone against a possible mul-
titude of burglars. I was not afraid of
one, but it would be folly to think of
attacking two or three.

  1 must have police aid. Still, 1 did not
want to leave the house.

  The intruder, or intruders—for I had
decided that no one man would be bold
enough to light the gas in a house he
was robbing—might take it into their
heads to depart at any moment, and
then I would have my labor for ray
pains.

  A happy thought struck me. Un-
doubtedly, if they decided to leave the
house, knowing that it was empty, they
would come down-stairs and depart by
one of the lower windows.

  I had no sooner decided on my plan
than I proceeded to carry it out forth-
with, a characteristic of our family and
peculiarly prominent in me.

  My idea was to barricade the stairway.
Simple? Yes, but how beautifully effee-
tive! If those men in the library should
come down they would run into that
barricade and probably seriously injure
themselves and be unable to escape be-
fore I arrived with the police.

  I took chairs and made a nice topply
pile of them, and on the pinnacle of the
heap, nearly sis feet high, I placed an
exceedingly heavy piano stool.

  I was almost sorry for those burglars
when I thought of that stool crashing
down upon their heads. But they had
no business in my father’s house at that
time of night.

  After carrying out my exceedingly
clever scheme, I crept to the door and
cautiously unlocked it.

  The street was deserted. The cold
flags gave me a little chill, coming in
contact with my stocking-clad feet, but
I ran rapidly and soon forgot the dis-
comfort. At the next corner 1 looked up
and down for a policeman. None was in
sight, and 1 went on.

  At the second crossing I came upon
an officer, sleepily leaning against a
store door. I went up to him and stated
in very calm language just what I
wanted of him.

  44 And phwat the devil do ycz call
thim things ye hov in yer bonds?” he
inquired in an exceedingly insolent
tone.

  It never pays to wake up even a
policeman suddenly, for they are liable
to be rather dull of comprehension.

  I explained that the sword and horse-
pistol were weapons of offense or de-
fense as occasion might require. I
really had not intended to take them
out on the street with me, but in my ex-
citement had forgotten to leave them
behind.

  “ But are you not coming to my assist-
ance in capturing these burglars?” 1
demanded of that stupid policeman.

  “ Lade on, me hearty, lade on,” he
made answer.

  And we set forth to the scene of the
battle that was to be.

  Coming to the stoop, 1 allowed the
policeman to precede me. There is no
use running unnecessary danger. And
then, the officer had a revolver in his
hand which would be much more ef-
fective in ease of an encounter than my
rather antiquated weapons.

  When we got into the hallway, how-
ever, the officer insisted upon my lead-
ing the way.

  “Come on, come on!” I shouted—
for there was really no need of main-
taining silence now—and ran for the
stairs.

  There was a terrific crash, a splinter-
ing of chair legs, and I found myself at
the bottom of a heap of mahogany fur-
niture. I had forgotten all about my
barricade! Yet how beautifully it had
worked.

   1 was a little dazed at first, but I felt,
A PLURALITY

even in that condition, that my plan
would have succeeded. The bumps ou
iny head were not painful enough to
take away the pleasure of that realiza-
tion.

   I was brought back to the' serious
business before me by hearing mut-
tered curses and a violent struggle at
my lelt. The burglars must have de-
scended and been stopped by the
policeman!

  But. upon investigation I found my
reenforcement had simply fallen in with
one of the barricading chairs and was
having a fine time extricating himself
from the tangle of rounds and uphol-
stery.

  “ Thot’s the foinest skame I iver
saw,” muttered the officer. “ Thim’s
foxy burglars to cook up a trap of thot
kind.”

   It was unnecessary to explain to him
then that the plan had been mine, so 1
suggested that we proceed at once to the
capture.

   I had nearly reached the top of the
stairs when my foot came in contact
with something which moved, and I
took a sudden drop. I was stopped by
the policeman.

  “And now phwat’s the matter?” he
demanded.

   “ I stepped on some shoes, I think,” I
whispered.

  “The foxy schnakes! Took off their
shoes, did they ? ”

  Again 1 did not tell him the shoes
were mine. It's very curious how a
person endowed with great reasoning
facilities will do things unconsciously
that are for the best.

  Now, if those burglars had struck
those shoes they would have pitched
head-first into my barricade, making t ! e
wreck and their consequent in'urics
much more serious. An explanation of
all this would have been lost on that
policeman, and there was serious busi-
ness before us yet.

   As I proceeded up the stairs T caught
sight of the light from under the l ibrary
door again, and actually felt a thrill of
pleasure that the intruders were still
there and about to be brought promptly
to justice.

  “ There’s the light! ” T whispered
breathlessly.

OF BURGLARS.	191

  T stepped down to the policeman’s
side to point it out, whereupon the
gleam promptly disappeared!

  I he thing was getting almost un-
canny. 1 was unable to explain the dis-
appearance and reappearance of that
light. The only explanation I could
offer was that the intruders had heard
us coming up the stairs and were now
preparing to meet our attack in the
dark.

   l>ut I was not in the least frightened.
After getting my breath, I persuaded
the policeman that there was really
nothing to fear, and clutching my
weapons firmly I followed him up the
stairs.

     I iiere it is,” remarked the officer
in a quiet tone before he had taken
many steps, and lo! if the glow of light
was not shining from under the library
door again, just as I had seeu it when
I first entered the house!

  We crept on up the stairs, and. would
you believe it, we had hardly started
when that light went out again! Then
the whole explanation flashed vividly
upon me!

  That seeming putting out and relight-
ing of the lamp in the library was caused
by some one passing before it! Yes,
that was the solution of the mystery.

  Well, I can tell you I did feel proud
over figuring that out.

  But my pride did not take away my
desire to see those burglars brought
before the law. No, I was right on the

     3	o

heels of the policeman when he threw
open the door!

  The most astonishing thing, you
know! That room was absolutely empty!

  Surely no one had had time to get out
of it since I last saw some one standing
before the light not three seconds be-
fore! \nd~the shutters were closed, the
windc v locked, and there was no other
means of getting out of the room by
that door into the hall!

  A really sensible person does not be-
lieve in ghosts, but candidly, if I had
ever given them any credence whatever,
I would have thought they had been at
work now. But, on the other hand. I
had never before heard of a ghost light-
ing a gas-jet.

  No, there must be some one in the
house!
192

THE ARGOSY.

  I was thinking deeply, as is my habit
when confronted by anything myste-
rious, when 1 felt a stealthy clutch at
my arm.

  ‘“Sh!” whispered the policeman.
“ lie's somewhere else! ”

  Of all the absurd declarations 1 ever
heard, that was the worst. Of course lie
was somewhere else. But why had lie
left everything in the library just as it
was Tuesday afternoon when 1 was last
in town? The light—well, now, do you
know, that was the first I had thought
of my leaving the gas lighted that after-
noon after I had got through with Rabe-
lais.

  There was a translation and an old
original, worth enough to tempt any
burglar, lying on the table. No one
can ever tell me again that any one can
have a mind capable of remembering
triiling details. 1 had Completely for-
gotten my lighting the gas instead of
taking the trouble to open the shutters
for light.

  I did not like to tell the policeman of
my mistake, so when he proposed that
we search further for the burglar I
readily assented.

  The dining-room was our first objec-
tive point. When we entered and lighted
the gas, a scene of utmost confusion
presented itself.

  The sideboard drawers were pulled
out and everything was in heaps upon
the floor, and the silverware was strewn
about the table.

  Then there had been a burglar!

  “ Skeart off,” laconically remarked
the policeman, picking up a bottle of
testing acid.

  Well, to make a long story short, we
hunted all over that house, but could
find no other trace of the robber.
Nothing had been stolen, and the
burglar had been nowhere excepi in the
dining-room.

  This morning 1 found a partial expla-

nation of the mystery in the newspaper.
Here it is:

CONFESSES MANY BURGLARIES.

TENDERI.OIN POLICE MAKE IMPORTANT CAP-
TURE.

  The police of the Tenderloin station
arrested a man last night, who, after
getting the Third Degree, confessed to
having robbed several Fifth Avenue man-
sions. The burglaries, at the time of
their commission, were great mysteries.

  The police believe the man committed
many more than he has confessed to.
Among the latter' was the mysterious
burglary in the Flacker home in lower
Fifth Avenue. The man said he was
passing the house, bent upon another
job, when he saw the door open. He en-
tered and had just begun his work when
lie was frightened away by a terrific
crash in the hall. He waited a moment,
and heard two persons mount tlie stairs,
and then fled by the way he had come.

It will be remembered that the last case
caused considerable comment at the time.

  Why, yes, 1 might have left the door
open when I went out after the police.
I do not remember now. But note how
that barricade of mine frightened away
the thief before he had an opportunity
to steal anything.

  Still, with all my hard thought upon
it, and with all my analytical ability, 1
am unable to explain what made that
light disappear.

  Yes, it might—why, of course it did
•—strange 1 never thought about that.
Don’t you see ? When I took off my
shoes I stepped down one stair, and it
seemed as though the light disappeared.
And then every time we moved up or
down there on the stairway it would ap-
pear and disappear, as the crack under
the library door came in range or out.

  1 knew I’d think of a solution in time.
Pm now all ready for my next burglar,
for there was one, you see, after all.

JOY.

Joys have three stages, Hoping, Having, and Had.

The hands of Hope are empty, and the heart of Having is sad ;

For the joy we take in the taking dies, and the joy we Had is its ghost.

Now, which is the better— the joy unknown or the joy we have elapsed and lost ?

                                                             John Boyle O’Reilly.
__ THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

                                                ftW.UA.lf

  A Distinctly American Product

that has contributed more towards the health, prosperity
and calm repose of Uncle Sam s subjects than any other
domestic article used by our home-loving people, is the

Ustermoor. I
will never mat
pack or lump.

OSTERMOOR MATTRESS

The Greatest Bed,. lor the Greatest Nation

KlZES AND Pbices :

 2	feet 6 inches *0 5C
 wide, 28 lbs. 90-09

3	'SSV1**1000

 3	feet 6 inches I I
 wide, 35 lbs, 1

4	feet wide. I 5

40 lbs. 10.00

 * feet 6 inches I C fin
 wide. 45 lbs
 All 6 ft. 3 in long.

EXPRESS CHARGES
PREPAID

 In two parts, 50c. extra.

For more than fifty years the Ostermoor has kept pace
with the phenomenal growth and prosperity of the
I nited States — the greatest of the world's nations.
From tlie Atlantic to the Pacific, in the house of
wealth or the home of the toiler — wherever a cleanly,
luxurious “sleep inducer" is appreciated, the Ostermoor
Mattress is unrivalled. Xo other bed in the world can
compare with it for comfort or everlasting endurance.

   30 NIGHTS’
   FREE TRIAL

    Sleep on the Ostei'-
  ni 1x1 r SO nights free
  and If it is not even
  nil yon have hoped
  for. if yon don’t be-
  lieve it to be the
  equal in cleanliness,
  durability and com-
  fort of any JiO. hair
  mattress ever made,
  you can get jour
  money back by re-
  turn mail—"no ques-
  tions asked."

SEND FOR OUR FREE 136-PAGE BOOK

which we send on postal card request. Mattresses also made to order in special sizes,
special weight or special ticking. State your needs and we will quote you special prices.

Look for the name “Ostermoor” and our trade-mark—it is sewn on the end of every

__________________i«y	. 1	-

genuine Ostermoor.

OSTERMOOR

Write to-day.

& COMPANY, 110 ELIZABETH STREET.

Canndian Agency: The Ideal Bedding Co., Ltd., Montreal.

NEW YORK

In atiswerinjr this advertisement it is desirabU that you mention Thb Akgosv.
THE ARGOSY ADVERTISING SECTION.

PRESERVE THE COLORS

    and Freshness of Dainty and
Delicate Summer Garments by
regular use of

 ftarline

 1 Bar Soap and Washboard do in
 a single wash —then remember that
 PEARLINE cleanses through
 SOAKING and Perfect RINSING
 -WITHOUT RUBBING.

THE

a

&

                                   !imm hi

No

Razor
Troubles Possible

 on own a “Carbo-
 Razor, because it rt
 »riginal keen edge for y<
 radv for instant use

                                                    Send for Book,"Hints to Shavers”

                            It not only tells the “why” of “Carbo- -^j
                            Magnetic” hut tells how to select and >
                            care for a razor, and explains fully
                            the essential points that go to make
                            shaving a pleasure. Your dealer
                            lias (or can get) “Carbo-Mag-
                            netic” razors. If he refuses
                            to supply you, we will
                            ship direct, prepaid
                            receipt of
                            price under
                            our binding

 guaran-
 tee.

No Honing; No Grinding.

 The secret lies in our exclusive method of tempering by elec-
 tricity. which gives a flint-like hardness, insuring an absolutely even
 and perfect temper. No other razor at any price can compare with it.

  Sold on Three Months’ Trial

                 unit we gladly refund yonr money if not more than pldwtnl. Prii'e. #8.50.

                 Pair In morocco case.	Double conmrn, for extra heavy ht-nri)*' $8.1)0.

Firm of A. L. Silberstein, Makers ol	Cutlery, 454-455 Broadway, New York

              ••t'arbo-Matrnetlc’* Electric Cnxhlon Strop, #1.00 each, at flfateraorbuma.il. postpaid.

          □

In anrwerbv any advertisement on this Atff it is desirable that you mention Thb Argosy.
the argosy—advertising* section.

Coffee

Does

Hurt

Make the trial yourself—leave off
Coffee 10 days and use

POSTUM

    FOOD COFFEE

in its place.

  That’s the only way to find out.

Postum is a sure rebuilder, and when you cut out the coffee and use
Postum instead, you get a taste of health, for the aches and ails
begin to leave. You may THINK you know, but
you don’t until after the trial.

Remember

“TKere's ©l R^ea.sorv.

Get the little book, “ The Road to Wellville." in each pkg.

99

In emrUftring thti advrrhsenrnt it if desirable that you mention Th* A*GOSV.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

It is entitled “HOW MONEY GROWS,” and it will tell you :

       How to invest small sums.

        How to tell a good investment.

        How you can convert $100 into $358.83.

        H ow to choose between real estate and stocks.

How Savings Banks make their money.

It tells a hundred and one other things you will be interested in knowing.

   This book is not an advertisement of any particular investment. It is a talk on
investments iu general, and is based on my personal experiences and observations.

   I will send mv book, free, to any address. I want to place a copv in the hands of
every man and woman in America. I want it to be the most widely circulated book that
has ever been published.

   I want YOU to send for a copy.

   You will find it a veritable guide-book to safe and profilable investments of all kinds.

   If you are now investing small amounts ($10 a month and up), my book will show you
   how to invest them wisely, so that your money will work directly for you.

   Most everyone could and should save at least fio a month from his income.

   Sit right down and write me a postal saying, simply, “ Send ' How Money Grows.’ ’

   I will send you the book by return mail.

W. M. OSTRANDER

106 North American Building, Philadelphia, Pa.

In an liven tig this advertisement it is dfsimb/e that you mention Tint ARiiosv
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTIQN

                                                                                                        enir

 \as preferred : so you Caff
 >ods anywhere in the Un

securt
and ci

 {d for it Jess ten per cetvt, We tl
 tar "you return it/to us aitdget

 Diamoi

SIXTY SIX PAGES WRITE. FOR CATALOG ONE THOUSAND DE5IQN5

      .lit mi uui \_aiaio*:, ayyi we win sen a you not only tnis superb work, sixty-six
 illustration? of Finest Dianuinds^^ighest-grade ^Wsatchcs and Jewelry. b.m also our Diarpo
 ^ooklet. w'hich is worth its^weight ifi gold fo intending investors in Dfamonds. Write 1

      The Famous Loftis Syst^i.ofTsS&ynds on Credit won the Gold Medal at the SaindLoliis Exposi
 in. Distant buyers by w'ritingii[>r'fitjr cafTlTC^i'an fei^t.the Diamond or Watch orart clejof lev.
 h is their special choice. Trie	S sent fm'^p^prQval to your home, place >f lusiness.

 famine it: being fr<le“:ui buy or not as ytjuf glease. V* e
 itcH Sta«Kg%payinp all chJrges. taking all risks/ \Ve asl^ no
 '■ We create no publicity. We m'^ke 114)4014*11 ries of employers. All transactions are pjnvate
 ihdent/il.' Your account will be wiVomc^ y w rite fo? Catalog—To-day

      All^onesfcPe\> p 1 e employer or employe*? c^^open a confidential account vtfith us. C#ne-liith
 the price be p^id yn delivery you retain the article pay balance in eight eqira) month^ amounts
 sending -sative direct to us. You will not mis^ the small monthly payments from >^ur income.
 Diamonds pay, better thtJ-n savings banks. Saye a Diamond by Loftis System^ vV> incyasif-of twenty
 per cent in ttjevalue of DfJhjionds is predicted during the present year. .#ian>mids ^/n fjdarte.

      Our Cash Offit. Ymr s.eleet^jdcmt Diamond. You pay cashjj^tt. '^jnrccciyjfa written goar'an- -
 fcp friTrn us that yon can return the Diamond any time wjilwrr one v^rffand w & \v*U pay ydu all j<)U

 you 10 Wear_aj&S**'Tfiamond 1^'^or DiJm^rri'd Stud one.
 get $43. which is IWs than ten cents pery/tck for one y

 Our Guarantee. With eachfeiiunond we give a written Guar^fftee of Quality an&A^alue. Each
 Diamond that we ever sold is good for'^l value in cxehange^rrother goods or a larg'

 Write To-day to Us for our Catalog ancFSt^ivenj^-^flamond Booklet, containing
 the famous LoftisDiamond Credit System in detail. Lowest quotations, easiest

DIAMOND

CUTTERS

WATCHMAKERS

JEWELERS

IOFTIS

■■MBf BROS Sl CO “5?

 DEP’T. H-63

 92t<#8STAJEST

CHICAGO

 1LL.U.SA

!„ answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention Tub Akgosy.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Pabst Extract

When you are
wearied from work
or worry, when you
feel listless or lan-
guid, or when you
cannot sleep, just use

  Patost Extract

 the 11 Best Tonic.”
 It is simply rich, pure
 malt — the most
 healthful, wholesome
 and upbuilding food
 known to science. It
 gently soothes the
 tired nerves, makes
 digestion easy, and
 brings to all the
 sweet sleep of child-
 hood.

25c at all druggists.

  Write for free booklet telling how
  Pabst Extract is made, and why
  you ought to have it in your home.

Pabst Extract Dept.,
Milwaukee, Wis.

hi answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention Till! AkgoSY.
 RIFLES FOR ALL KINDS OF HUNTING.

  Winchester rifles are not the choice of any one special class, but of all
  intelligent sportsmen who go to the woods, the plains, or the mountains
  in quest of game. They are designed to handle all calibers and types of
  cartridges, to meet the requirements of all kinds of shooting, and can always
  be counted on to shoot where they are pointed when the trigger is pulled.
  W inchester rifles and Winchester cartridges are made for one another.

FREE: Send name and address on a postal card for our large illustrated catalogue.

 WINCHESTER REPEATING ARMS CO., -	NEW HAVEN, CONN.

 D lamond D ecisions

  are made with confidence by the Marshall Method.
  Our free booklet, n How to Buy a Diamond," explains.
  Marshall reputation for quality and honefty brings us
  many expressions of confidence like this:

        n I enclose Chicago draft for $200, for which I
  would like the following described ring--leaving it to
  you and your judgment as to selection.n--Lelter from
  Nevada—want the name?

    TKis Rare

 Mid-Summer Opportunity

     Value $4(H°

   14 kt. hand made selling-any <tyk'-a(J
   cash $16.80: "Pin Money Saving Flan.
   ———-	$8.00 cash. $4.00 monthly)

  will convince you of our high standard of diamond
  perfection. A flawless gem. perfect cut. unexcelled
  blue-white color —snap, sparkle, fire. life. Ciy&al-
  pure color in original stone--enhanced by skillful cut-
  ting—that's the secret of fascinating radiance that
  makes a Marshall Diamond a good business invest-
  Tell us your wants in gems or jewelry.

         Write for July issue "Marshall s
         Monthly"—for diamond lovers.

 ment.

  Lady’s solid gold neck chain and pendant
  with genuine diamond; rich, delicate design,

     Mid-Summer Price, $10;™

  GEO. E. MARSHALL, Inc., 97 Slate St.. Chicago

         W. g. HYDE. .t»,. Pr« A. S, TRUE. Sec’j
         Rcfereunt— Ptnrt National ll«uk. CUlcoeu

Have You Worn Them?

Not "celluloid "—not "paper collars'*? but made of
fine cloth, exactly resemble fashionable linen floods
and cost of dealers, for box of ten, 25r. (2 s et_=. en. h).

No Washing or Ironing

VTIiHii soiled discard.	mail. collar* _or *

of «	30c. Sample collar or pair of culls

for ('«•- iu IT. S. stamps. Give size and style.

REVERSIBLE COLLAR CO.. »ep<. 6. BOSTO^MASS^

hi answering any advertisement on this page it

u desirable that you mention The ARGOSY.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

"most liberal cigar
  PROPOSITION EVER MADE

   All the time that you have been paying ten cents over the
 counter for a Panetela cigar, we have sold our 1 edora
 Panetela, a cigar of exactly the same value, at 4c.

   In fact, it was one of our standard brands that we
 sold successfully for many years to the leading
 jobbers at £40 per thousand.

   But, as vou know, our method was changed
 a long time ago and we came direct to
 smokers with our entire product at the
 same jobber’s prices
 Now we make you a special proposition:

   The FEDORA Panetela is not
 only equal in every respect to
 the regular ten cent cigars at
 retail." but also better
 than any five dollar
 per hundred Pane
 tela ever ad-
 vertised.

                                                                 Altogether, here is our
                                                                 FhDORA PANETELA.
                                                                 Guaranteed supe-
                                                                 rior to any $5.00 per
                                                                 hundred Panetela
                                                                 advertised, though
                                                                 the price is 20 per
                                                                 cent less.
                                                                 Guaranteed superior to
                                                                 the 10c cigars sold by dealers.
                                                                 Guaranteed to be made of pure
                                                                 Havana filler and high-grade Su-
                                                                 matra wrapper.

                                                          Guaranteed to be made in the cleanest
                                                    of factories; to be absolutely free from any
                                                    kind of flavoring matter.

                                          Guaranteed to save half your cigar
                                       money, sometimes more, in comparison with
                                       regular retail prices.

                                  Guaranteed TO PLEASE YOU or the trial
                                COSTS YOU NOTHING.

              OUR PROPOSITION: For S4.00 we will send
              you 100 Fedora Panetclas andour beautiful cigar cata-
              logue. Rolled Reveries.” that “tells you all about it.”
              All transportation charges prepaid. Smoke as many
              as you wish to find out whether they suit you or not. If not, or
              on comparison you don't think our claims are carried out, return
              what you have left, at our expense, and we will refund every cent.
              The same proposition applies to 50 Fedora Panetelas at $2.00.

            itn not '■*•11 rienrs on credit. Imt no di> guarantee your perfect satisfaction. Oar strictly cash basilican
            hooUn>piiril Hularle*, clerical work, wake* no bad debt*, and our customers gel Ibe benefit in value.

    If you prefer we will send you an assortment of other brands of cigars showing fifteen 10c values,
  ten 5c values for $1.00. Same guarantee of money back if not satisfied. Order now, stating
  ir and strength wished.

DIAH0NDS on CREDIT

 Any diamond or jewelry bought from this house
 is absolutely reliable.

 We will forward prepaid any catalogued article
 for examination, granting you the privilege of re-
 turning it if not satisfactory.

 Anyone of good character may make a purchase
 from us of any magnitude, on these terms:

20% Down; 10% Per Month

     Transactions strictly confidential. No em-
     ployer’s reference required. Any diamond
     purchased may be exchanged.

 LYON PRICES are 20> lower than any competi-
 tors. We buy the “rough” stones in London in
 Immense quantities, saving heavy duties, and sell-
 ing them to you on a one profit basis.

     If your dealer can duplicate our values we will
 take back your purchase and refund your money.
 Send for new catalogue edition. 10

 J. M. LYON CO.

 65-67-69 Nassau St. NEW YORK

f~I	MEN'S ft	^

Fle*o Garters

fit perfectly, hvig the limb comfort-
ably withovit binding, never let go
of the hose, never tear them. Ia.st
longest, look neatest- are best garters.

       Sold by all dealers. Insist on Flexo, and if the
       dealer hasn't them, send us his name and 25c.
       and we will see that yon are supplied- Flexo
       Garters in line heavy ribbed silk elastic, 50c.

A. STEIN OH CO.. 315 Franklin St.. Chicago.

In ansr.i>tring any advtrluetntnt on this fiaee it is dtstrttble that you mention The Ahgosv
TITE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

        in

                  When a big cock grouse thunders up through the brush, he presents the
                most difficult mark in the world, and it s a quick man with a good lively gun
                that makes a fair bag of these birds. The new 272ar/ln 12-gauge, Model
                No. 17 is a light, quick gun, made to meet the demand for repeating shot-guns
                of highest quality at a very moderate price. It is similar to the Zftar/z/7
                Model No. 1 9 Grade A, except for its solid frame and straight grip stock.

                          Important improvements, such hs the use of two extractors and a two-piece safety recoil
                     block, make it the easiest, most reliable and best working gun in the market. Bored for both
                     smokeless and black powders and any size shot. Guaranteed to pattern better than 325 pellets
                     iii a 30-inch circle at 40 yards using I % ounce of No. 8 chilled shot. A perfect trap gun,
                     having every advantage of the single barrel. You sight over the center of your load—not off
                     at one side. You are not breaking your birds with the right side of your left barrel load and
                     the left side of your right barrel load. You center the bird every time.

This, and every other Zfftrr/Sn, has the unique solid top and side ejector features, which guarantee
safety and prevent the ejected shell from flying in your face. The fflar/tn Breechbolt keeps out water,
twigs, leaves or sand. The shells are always dry and your 772ar//n in service. No other gun has this feature.
WRITE TO-DAY for our new Catalogue, containing a complete description of this splendid gun. Sent
free for 6c postage with our Experience Book, consisting of hundreds of stirring stories of 77Zar//n prowess.

7Ae7/Zar/in firearms Co. 7 Willow St., New Haven, Conn.

KILLS RUST
THE 7/7ar/en RUST REPELLER is the

 best rust preventative made, because it does not
 gum or arip, and heat, cold or salt water don't
 affect it. Rust Repeller sticks, no matter how
 hot the firing. Get it of your dealers. Sample
 I lA oz. tube sent postpaid for I 5 cents.

 ffZar/„7 Model No. 17, 12-
 gauge shot-gun. Grade A. 30 or
 32 in. barrel, full choked, six shots, weight about
 7l/{ lbs. Catalogue price $21.00. Less at your dealers.

A Relief for Every Housewife

The American Door Catch

One Million Sold

For Screen.Cupboard, Storm, Cabinets. Refrigerators

 or any door that swines on hinges. A slight pull ora gent e
 shove and the catch works automatically.

 Does away witn the old style latch. Keeps the door
 closed and flies out; prevents rattling, warping and door
 being blown open by draught.

 The American Door Catch can be locked.

 Sold by Hardware and Housefurnishing Dealers every-
 where, or sent by mail postpaid, for 15c»

American Hardware Mfg'. Co.,

26 Fulton Street.	Ottawa, 111.

/„	a^rtuenur,, on tk.s p<*' » de.iraNe you ***** The ARGOSY.
’_

THE argosy—advertising section.

 EASILY

 APPLIED

 QUICKLY

 DRIED

  Natural JAP-A-LAC renews the finish on your

Hardwood Floors

  and niukes them look like new.

  Il dries with .i beautiful luster, and retains its bul-
  liancy throngh wear and tear right down to t he wood.

  Besides Natural. JAP A LAC comes iu twelve
  colors. It is a stain and varnish combined, and
  rejuvenates everything about the home.

 ••You can do the wort yourself."__

I pm mfpr at (ro trnl*. U> corer oW of mailimj. ami the. itame
ar ».mr ,U„lrr, ur irill ~ml, FREE Of CHARGE, to any point
in thr l/nilal St'Ji*. >1 i/wirUr-ptiH iwt of JAI‘~A-I.ACf lather
wtfA intfrTKtiw)	a.u<f fvfor oinf.___

Ask your dealer or

  1) *5.000

 ^ -A YEAR-in the-

REKLfcSTMEfcVJSWtSS

THOUSIVHBS ttNKt

  No other business yields the profits that are made every
  year in the real estate business.

  Von ran learn the business, its principles and practices,
  thoroughly and technically, in a few weeks' time, without
  it interfering with your present employment. We I••ni-li
  you the r«*al estate business.

  You ran make more money in the real estate business in
  less time than you can in any other because it is the biggest
  and best business in the world. It is a profession and the
  business of a gentleman.

  Other special features of our method are : We furnish you
  lists and descriptions of exceptional offerings o( all kinds of
  property situated in all parts oi the United States and
  Canada: we list your properly ; we furnish you our “ Real
  Estate Journal" of business opportunities, investments, etc.
  We give you lust ruction in general brokerage
  and Insurance.

  Notice for yourself in the newspapers and magazines the
  tremendous growth of the real estate business—railroads
  selling land grants ; the government opening new home-
  stead territories : timber concessions being sold ; factories
  going up in small towns ; new subdivisions, etc.

  Summer is a_ splendid time for you to commence this
  course. You will then be graduated by Autumn when real
  estate will be booming.

  Real estate firms in the cities pay large salaries to competent
  men, and if you do not desire to go iu Business for yourself we
  will list your name, free of charge for one year, with
  one of the largest placing bureaus, and you will have the
  privilege of applying to this bureau for a situation in the city.

  Write for our free booklet. It will interest you.

 H. W. CROSS & CO., Suite K, Tacoma Bldg., Chicago

Diamonds

on

Credit

 OTHER GRADES
 OF SAME SIZE OR
 WEIGHT AS LOW

AS $50.22

 OCR plan ol selling diamond! on credit ia not alone
 tori those who ran't afford to buy for cash — it
 it tor those as well who ran pay caah, but prcler
 not to pat a large lump-ium Into a diamond at
 one time. Amongst our costumers are many
 banlieri. merchant! nod individuals who could bay fifty
 diamonds and pay cash—yet they take advantage of our
 liberal plan. W bv ? Because our rrcdlt price! are prac-
 tically the «ame as caah pricea.

     Let ua Bend you ring like cut. on approval, express
 charges paid. If it'a as represented pay express agent
 $10.00. Balance monthly. II you scud firat payment in
 advance, we will «end ring by registered mail. Tnur
 raputai Ion for honesty ii our security.

     King Catalog So. KV24 or Special Watch Catalog

   sent on request. Both free.

»Herbert Cfell

                            Diamonds
                            Watches
                            Jewelry

213 (R1241 STATE ST., CHICAGO

          |2fi0 (K124) Filth Are., PITTSBURG
 Write to either address
 Established 1882	Responsibility $250,000.00

In annuerine any advertisement an this page it is desirable that you mention Thu Argosv

Fisherman’s

Luck

in Summertime means
freedom from Prickly
Heat, Chafing and
Sunburn.

MENNEN’

 Borated Talcum

 TOILET

POWDER

always brings im-
mediate relief. Be

 sure that you get
 the original.

 For sale everywhere
 or by mail, 25 cc'iits.
 Sample free.

Gerhard MenncnCo.

   Newark, N. J.
the

Quality

ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION

DIAMONDS

one grade of	_____

Quality

 at aslieht rar thr ?iaIUond- Our iJiamomfeTSe	thi"n S th,‘	monthly

 ar a slight discount for spot cash m- -,i f,,ii • • a er«dc that we can nlwtty take Wk

 W^iaH fV , vU1‘C'mlil P]an iR "P'-n to Hll Lnwtni^B lft> for other enods ora larger
 ,.,,V fy every customer. That is whv „ P/ rsonn a confidential. personal l.axis

r ss u^’wJrt.'asMs:

';;,r .......*”*	from

 ^ALKER.EDMUND CO. A M 99 State St., Chicago, U. S A

  )$juXArrCb

    Writes Black
    Copies Purple

 The new indelible pencil that has
 all the good qualities of a good foun-
 tain pen, Ivithout the bother

 The writing is permanent.

 It writes freely, smoothly, carries
 and holds a sharp point.

 It makes a better copy than copy-
 ing ink.

 Both letter and copy are indelible.

 Is sold with or without nickel pencil
 point protector by all stationers.

 For all records requiring speed or
 memoranda of a permanent character,
 Dixon’s Etemo will be found a great
 convenience, as the writing will last as
 long as the paper endures.

 W3?0™*8 ,’enf:1l <iuj<l«\ indexed by vocations,
 will tell you the kind of leud pencil you should
 use. Sent free.

JOSEPH DIXON CRUCIBLE CO.,

Dept. C	Jersey City. N. J.

JohnMaciJmtos

the Toffee King

TOFFEE 11 IV MACKINTOSH'S TOFFEE, it

,r , 7,	is tbe delicious old English candy

 that is taking America by storm. It it isn't Mackintosh's
 you don t want it unless you want an imitation.

MACKINTOSH’S TOFFEE

The Original Old f:neli.h tandy

 sold in ten-cent cartons, my name and face on every
 package No. not a chewing candy. You break off a
 small bit and let it dissolve in the monlh.

 If your dealer smiles and says he hasn’t cot *i \ckin rosirs
 but has an imitation, if you’re genuine you will.of course,
 try another dealer. I am always ready to send my Toffee
 by mail. Send ten cents for the first size package or >1 00
 for a large four-pound family tin.but try your dealerfirst.

 JOHN MACKINTOSH, Dept. 17. 78 Hudson St., N.Y.

Gray

Hair?

 Bair is costli/. Socinty and business demand "Yuung Blood."

Have

Mrs. Potter's Walnut Juice

  Stains gray, bleached, faded and patchy hair or beard a beautiful modest brown.
  so natural in appearance that even experts cannot detect it. The shade may
  be made lighter or darker as desired to suit each Individuality. Stains
  nothing but hair. Does not show on scalp. Makes no muss. Does
  not make hair conspicuous. Best remedy for Bleached and
  ••Chemical Blonde" Hair. Very easy to use.

 Enough to last one year for $1.

  IrtlK-rtOKa or by mall, prepaid. In plain sealed wrapper. ^

  Money refunded without argument If not fully ■ntiatled.

          Trial. !!Sv.i enough for thorough tent,

    IS HYGIENIC DEPOQjS

In answering any advertisement on this Page it is desirable that you mention 1‘hb Argosy.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Kola Plant

CURES

HAY-FEVER

The Kola Plant.

AND

ASTHMA.

rnrr The African Kola
lllC.Ca Plaut is Nature’s
Positive Cure for Hav-fever
and Asthma. Since its re-
cent discovery this remarkable botanical product
has come into universal use in the Hospitals of Eu-
rope and America as an unfailing specific cure for
Hav-Fever and Asthma in every form. Its cures are
really marvelous.

  Mr. W. II. Kelley, 317 48th St., Newport News. Va.,
writes Jan. -’•'id. was a helpless invalid and was cured of Hay-
! ever and Asthma, by Himalya after 15 years' suftenng.

J. *•:. Jiord.vkr, of Hill City, Kas., writes Jan. 25th,had Hay-
Fever and Asthma for ten years and could get no relict until cured
by Himalya. ’*>•- *>• <-■- Cloven. 126 Morris St., Philadel-
phia. w rites Ian. 16th, Doctors did me no good but Himalya
cured me Mr. W. F. Campbell. Satibornville. N. H., also
writes Feb. 6th, that Himalya cured his son. Rev. Frederick
F. W.tiitl. -.lie noted Evangelist, of Abilene. Texas, writes April
15th. 15>05. I never lose an opportunity to recommend Himalya
as it cured me of Hay-Fever and Asthma and have ne\er had any
return ot the disease.

  Hundreds of others send similar testimony, proving
Himalv.i a truly wonderful remedy. As the Kola Plant is
a specific constitutional cure for the disease. Hav-fever
sufferers should not fail to take advantage of this oppor-
tunity to secure a remedy which will positively cure them.
T'.i prove the power of this new botanical discovery, if you
suffer from Hay-fever or Asthma we will send you one trial
case by mail entirely free. It costs you absolutely nothing. Write
to-day to The Kola Importing Co., No. tt62 Broadway,
New "York.

DENE

HAIR™

FACE

NECK^d

ARMS

INSTANTLY REMOVED
WITHOUT INJURY
TO THE MOST DELICATE
SKIN

  7 coMPOUNOiNr., an incomplete mixture was accidentally
  spilled on the back of the hand, and on washing afterward
  it was discovered that the hair wa; completely removed. We
  nimtd the new discovery MODENE. It is absolutely
  harmless, but works sure results. Appiy for a lew minutes
  and the hair disappears as li by magic. II I'nmiol I'ail.
  If the gTowih be light, one application will remove it: the
  heavy growth, such as the heard or growth on moles, may
  require two or more applications, and without slightest
  injury or unp.easant feeling when applied or ever afterward.
  Afodene supersedes electrolysis.

f.'acd by people of refinement, :>n<! recommended
lij all nlio hnvp te«ti>U It* merits.

    Mwtene vent i'T mail, in safety madlng-cas^s i securely sealed 1,
  on receipt f 91,00 per bottle. Semi money by letter, with
  your lull address wiittcn plainly. Pn%?a>;c-si»iii«s uken.

I.IH ll. k Ml O'Kllll. ll.IMS « IM KII.

MODE.NE MANUFACTURINO CO.. Dept. Cincinnati, Ohio

Frrru ISottl* (Ittiirattteril.
fay W, Offer *1,000 tnr Knllnr* or Iki HllgbiMt Injur;.

HOW I MAKE THE
BLIND SEE AND CURE
ALL EYE^ DISEASES

Without the Knife or Pain in
Patient’s Own Home

Glasses Are Thrown Away

  CATARACTS, and all other eye diseases which produce
blindness, are caused by poor circulation of blood in the
eye, the result of eye strain some
time in the past.

   It is folly to attempt to restore
the usefulness of the eye by ap-
plying a knife to any of the deli-
cate, intricate parts. Think of
tlie pain, suffering, blindness and
even death that lias been caused
by the use of the knife on the eye.

  I discoveied, several years ago, a method of restoring
the natural circulation of blood to the eyes, which is so
simple that a child can apply it.

  When this treatment is applied it immediately removes
all strain ou the nerves and muscles of the eye, equaliz-
ing the circulation. thereby assisting nature in restoring
the eye to its normal functions.

  Glasses are eye crutches. You have to wear them
because your eyes are crippled.

  After a course of my treatment you can discard your
glasses (eye crutches) just like one can discard other
crutches alter recovering from a broken limb.

  My book about eyes, sent free, tells all about it. and
contains pictures of and letters from hundreds who have
been cured.

  A postal card will get the book, and I will give you my
free advice if you will write me a short description of
your case. Address Dr. Oreit Otieal, Suite 183, 52 Dearboru
Street, Chicago, 111.

                   Unbeatable

       RAT

Exterminator

                          Though originally designed
 for Rats and Mice, experience has demonstrated
 it the most effective of all exterminators of

Roaches, Ants and Bed Bugs

  and it is the only thing at all effective against the
  large Black Cockroach or Beetle. I5c, 25c.

  Fools the Hats, Mice and Bugs, but never disappoints or
  fools the buyer. Always does the work and does it right.

 We make also KoiikIi «*•* Ronchea. 15c and 25c
 Rougcli on Bed Bugx. 15c anti 25c

E. S. WELLS, Chemist, Jersey City, N. J., U.S.A.

Roust) r.C0^5

 Rough on Corns

   LIQUID........25c

  SALVE.........15c

     For Hard or Soft Corns.

   Cures without making the feet
   sore. Relieves pain and soreness
   the instant applied. The Standard
   Three Rough on Com Plasters
   With each Bottle of Liquid and two
   with every Box of the Salve

  Itousli on Ktiiiion*—We claim it
  The remedy, with two ot our Bunioit I’laste
  Eight Rough on Corn or Three Rough on
  which stick and stay where you pul them, be
  separately in envelopes, 10c. Ml at druggi

  E. S. WELLS. Chemist, Jersev City, N. J.. U.S.A.
  V*_____J

Bunion Plasters,
it made, supplied
sts or by mail.

In answering any advertisement on this fiagt it is desirable that you mention Tub Argosv.
THE ARGO,SY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

I know you want to reduce your
weight,but probably you think
it impossible or are afraid the
remedy is worse than the disease.

  Now, let me tell you that not
only can the obesity be reduced
in a short time, but your face,
form and complexion will be im-
proved, and in health you will be
wonderfully benefited. I am a
regular practising physician,
having made a specialty of this
subject. Here is what I will do
for you : First, I send you a blank
to fill out ; when it comes, I for-
ward a five weeks’ treatment.

  You make no radical change in
your food, but eat as much and as
often as you please. No bandages
or tight lacing. No harmful
drugs or sickening pills. My
treatment is given successfully by
mail, in your own home. You will
lose from 3 to 5 pounds weekly,
according to age and condition of

body. At the end of five weeks you
are to report to me and I will send
further treatment if necessary.

  When you have reduced your
flesh to the desired weight.vou can
retain it. You will not become
stout again. Your face and fig-
ure will be well shaped, your skin
will be clear and handsome, you
will feel years younger. Ailments
of the heart and other vital organs
will be cured. Double chin,
heavy abdomen, flabbv cheeks
and other disagreeable evidences
of obesity are remedied speedily.
All patients receive my personal
attention, whether being treated
by mail or in person. All corre-
spondence answered by me per-
sonally. Treatment for either sex.
Distance makes no difference.
Satisfaction guaranteed.

  Send^ for my new book on
“Obesity; Its Cause ^Dtl Cure
—it will convince vou. Address

UNITED STATES MEDICAL DISPENSARY, »EM?SSs;*)sSv«

Restores Eyesight

SPECTACLES A THING OF THE PAST

“Actina,” A Marvelous Discovery That Cures
All Afflictions of the Eye and Ear
Without Cutting or Drugging.

There is no need for cutting, dragging or probing the
eye for any form of disease,for a new system of treating
afflictions of the eye has been discovered whereby all
torturous and barbarous methods
are eliminated. There is no risk
or experimenting, as hundreds of
people have been cured of blind-
ness, failing eyesight, cataracts,

f ranulated lids and other afflic-
ion.s of the eye through this grand
discovery, when eminent oculists
termed the cases incurable.

General Alexander Hamilton, Tarrytown-on-tfae-Hudson,
N. Y.. highly recommends '• Actina.”

Louis Meyer, 93 Herman Street, Rochester. N. Y.. writes:
"Actina” has effected a wonderful cure in my wife's case,
curing her of a severe eye trouble and I would not he without it.

Mr. A. L. Howe, Tully, X. Y., writes : "Actina" has removed
cataracts from both my eyes. I can rend well without my
glasses; am sixty-five years old.

Robert Baker. Ocean Park, t'al., writes: I should have
becMi blind had 1 not used " ActJna."

Hiuidr'-ds of otln-r testimonials will be s.nt on applica-
tion. "Actina’’ is purely a home treatment and self-
administered by the patient, and is sent on trial, post-
paid. If you will send your name and address to the
New York and London Electric Ass'n, Dept. 123 B, 920
Walnut. St., Kansas City, Mo., you will receive absolutely
free a valuable book, Prof. Wilson's Treatise on the
Eye and on Disease in General.

1877. No New Discovery 1906.
Can offer more hope in cases of

CANCER

Than exists today by our method
Without the Use of the Knife.

The Berkshire Hills
Sanatorium.

 The only institution in the world where cancer and
 tumors (_that are accessible) are permanently cured.

 Describe your case and we will mail the most com-
 plete information ever published on the subject of
 cancer, and will give an opinion as to what we can
 accomplish for you. Ask. your family physician to
 investigate. He will be entertained as our guest.

Drs. W. E. Brown & Son, North Adams, Mass.

In answering any advertisement en this page it ts desiraoie that you mention The Argosy.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

jzveA,

OL/vuk

CURED TO
STAY CURED

Complete and permanent freedom follows. Tlie whole system re-
constructed. No more attacks or symptoms. Appetite, dilution,
sleep, nerves, all become healthy. Further medicines. " Relics " Or
change of climate no longer necessary. Twenty-one years experience,
with constant study. Increased skill. New methods. Great snrcess.
Over (Jt),000 cases treated. Stay at home and be CURED TO STAY
CURED. Book I) explains principle and contains interesting re-
ports of cases. Mailed to you I' REF, on request.

P. HAROLD HAYES - - - BUFFALO, N. Y

A Word
To People Who Think

Goat Lymph Feeds Nerve Cells

Brain Fag
Paralysis
Epilepsy
Neurasthenia
Nerve Exhaustion
Locomotor Ataxia
Premature Old Age

  During the last tout years
we have thoroughly demon-
strated by actual results that
Goat Lymph is the scientific
and rational treatment for all
nervous affections. Scientific
men. medical journals, and
the daily press after invest-
igation have given it their
unqualified endorsement.

  The action of the Lymph is
such that the exhausted nerve
cells are physiologically revit-
alized thusgivingnewlifeand
force to the worn-out system.
For this reason patients suffering from serious nerve
complications have found prompt and permanent
relief through its use.

    Our faith in this treatment is unbounded, our pur-
  pose is to extend the knowledge of it as widely as pos-
  sible, and if you are a sufferer we advise you to send for

THE GOAT LYMPH MAGAZINE

  which will be mailed to you upon request. If, at the
  same time, you will in your own language outline
  your ailment we will be glad to discuss the sub-
  ject with you and advise you as to the results you
  may reasonably expect to obtain from the adminstra-
  tion of the Lymph. Ask for Magazine No.l1 3rd edition

Goat Lymph Sanitarium Association,

                      GILBERT WHITE, M. D.. Medical Director,
  17 East 32 St.,	Auditorium Building,

New York City.	Chicago, III.

RHEUMATISM

Cured
Through the Feet

Don’t Take Medicine, External Remedy
Brings Quick Relief. FREE on
Approval. TRY IT.

 We want everyone who has rheumatism to
send us his or her name. We will send by return
mail a pair of Magic Foot Drafts, the wonderful
external cure which has brought more comfort
into the United States than any internal remedy
ever made. If they give

TRADE MARK

relief, send us One Dol-
lar ; if not, don't send
us a cent.

Magic Foot Drafts are
worn ou the soles of tlie feet and cure by absorb-
ing the poisonous acids in the blood through the
large pores. They cure rheumatism in every part
of the body. It must be evident to you that we
couldn’t afford to send the drafts on approval if
they didn’t cure. Write today to the Magic
Fool Draft Co., 855 Oliver Bldg., Jackson, Mich.,
for a trial pair of drafts oil approval. We send
also a valuable booklet on Rheumatism.

Headache and Neuralgia

QUICKLY CURED BY USING
DR. WHITEHALL’S MEGRIMINE

    Write for a trial box—we send it without cost. If you suHer from headache or
neuralgia. Megrimine is a necessity—the safest and most reliable remedy on the
market. Cures any headache in thirty minutes and leaves no unpleasant effects. After
one trial you will never bo without it. Twenty years of success places Megrimine
at the head of all remedies for painful nervous troubles. Ask any druggist or address

The DR.WHITEHALL MEGRIMINE CO.. 232 N.Main St..South Bond.Ind.

_-_I_______

In an mitring any advertisement on this page it it desirable that you mention Thb Argosy.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

DRUG CRAVE

FOLLOW OUR. INSTRUCTIONS
TAKE HOME TREATMENT
CONTINUE YOUR WORK
BE CURED ABSOLUTELY

W e regard it as needless to comment on the drug addic-
tion. The unfortunate users themselves know its dread

side far too well. Our desire is to encourage, restore con-
fidence and cure. That we can cure, and cure forever, the
craving for morphine, cocaine and opium, and build up the
system to health and strength, our several associated physi-
cians have demonstrated in extensive private practice for
many years Cases from the first to the last stages have
been treated with but one result—permanent cure. The
remedy soothes the craving, expels from the system each
day a portion of the baneful drug, and supplies by its tonic
properties a healthful stimulation in place of the fictitious
support formerly supplied.

We accept only tjiose patients who are absolutely truthful
in their statements to us, strictly follow our instructions and
promptly fulfil their just obligations. Each case will be
diagnosed and treated individually by one of our associate
physicians who will keep in close correspondence with it.

If any patient finds treatment unsatisfactory at the end of
two weeks, we will cheerfully refund the money he or she
lias paid us.

WE OFFER. FREE A TRIAL SAMPLE

        Our letters and remedies sent without
        any outside marks. Privacy is complete.

DRUG CRAVE CRUSADE

Address D. C. C. 100 Hartford Building
^Urvion Sqviare - - New York City

Your
F eet
Deserve
Attention

THAT
BUNION
CAN BE
CURED

Do Not
Neglect
F oot
T ro\ibles

BE YOUR. OWN CHIROPODIST

  If you suffer from a bunion, we want to cure it for you. No
matter how much pain or torture you suffer, we can remove it.
Our wonderiul Anti-Bunion Piasters cure the oldest, hardest
and most painful bunions. This is done at home without
trouble- For 2c. we mail our handsome 20p. illustrated booklet
on " flow to H.ive Easy, Healthy. Shapely Feet ” It treats
of the hygiene of the feet, the cure of bunions, the prevention
and removal of corns, insrrowilts toenails, etc Send for this
booklet at once and be your own chiropodist.

FOOT RFMfcDY CO.. 1350 S. Lawndale Ave.. Chicago

FOOT

WITH

BUNION

 BUNION

 CURED

In answer in/' any advertisement on this frige it is desirable that you mention The ARGOSY.
TIIE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

      TRADE MARK
      REGISTERED

WATERPROOF
       COURT
       PLASTER,

LIQUID

  Heals Cuts, Abrasions, Hang-Nails,
  Chapped and Split Lips or Fingers,
  Burns, Blisters, etc. Instantly
  Relieves Chilblains. Frosted Ears,
  Stings of Insects,Chafed or Blistered
  Feet, Callous Spots, etc.

  A coating on the sensitive parts will
  protect the feet from being chafed or
  blistered by new or heavy shoes.

  Applied with a brush and immediately
  dries, forming a tough, transparent,
  colorless waterproof coating.

 ~ONtySEXTRACr"

  In the

 Home n
j Hospital

   The great remedy
   for the relief of
   aches, pains, and
   the thousand-and-
   one hurts and acci-
   dents that are likely to occur at
   any time, is

First Aid to the Injured.

Checks external and internal bleeding,
and reduces all kinds of inflammation.
Sold only In tealed bottles
under buff wrapper,

          CZccept no
          \\\\ Substitute.

 ms

 WORLD

Mechanics, Sportsmen,
Bicyclists, Golfers,

 etc., are all liable to bruise, scratch, 01
 scrape their skin. 11 NEVV-SKIN " will
 heal these injuries, will not wash off,
 and after it is applied the injury is
 forgotten, as " NEW-SKIN " makes a
 temporary new skin until the broken
 skin is healed under it.

Pocket Size (size of illustration),

10c. each.

 Family Size, - - 25c. each.
 2 oz. Bottles ffor Surgeons

    and Hospitals), - 50c. each.
    At the Druggists, or we

          will mail a package any-
          where in the U. S. on receipl
          of price.

DOUGLAS MFG. CO.,

                  I>ept. II.

96-loa (liunli St., N. Y.

NEW INVENTION!

            Write for neir book et, Spi'clal Offrr ibis month, Our nrw
                  Quaker Folding Vapor Bath Cabinet*. finest produced.
                  Everybody delighted. Enjoy at home for 3e each all
                  the marvelous clemming, invigorating, curative . fleet*
                  of the famous Turkish Bulba. Oprn the 6.00O/XXJ
                  skin pores, purifies the entire system. Beats Hot
                  Springs. Prevents disease. Saves Dr. bills. Cured
                  thousands. Nature’s drngtess remedy for eoldn, grip,
                  rheumatism, nrhes. pains, blood and skin diseases,
                  Kidney truuhl,-, children's diseases and frmalr kiln,

                  guaranteed. Senl on 30 days’ trial. $100.00 to
                  y.!UO.OO a month, salesmen, managers, general agents.
                  100 per cent profit. Address,

MANUFACTURING CO.. 82 WORLD BuiLOINC. CINCINNATI, OHIO-

      NO MONEY REQUIRED

                 until you receive and approve of your bicycle.
                 ll'e ship to anyone on

       TEN DAYS, FREE TRIAL

          I'inesi guaranteed | a	er a

          I QOS iUodela, $1U tO
          witli Coasttr-l’rakes and Punctuieless Tires,
          1903 and 1004 Model*, <r ^

         of best makes.....I tO $ 1 C

        500 SECOND-HAND WHEELS
        All makes and Models, good as new, ffQ +n CO
        (iREAT FACTORY CLEARING SALE. 10 JO
        Rider AgentsWanted in each town at good pay.
        Write aI once for catalog and Special Offer.
        IKS. SI VUUIK8. Al'TOMOHII.EK.

- Dept.T-31. CHICAGO

TIKE
MEAD CYCLE CO..

Get the "Quick a.s a Wink”

CORK PULLER.

    Anyone can use it. One si/e pulls large or small
    corks with perfect ease. Far superior to best cork-
    screw ever made.

    Prevents tearing corks to pieces, breaking: knives,
    pushing corks back in bottles or jerking and spilling
    contents. W'onh the price a thousand times. Post-
    paid, only 25c. Agentswanted.

C. E. Locke Mfg. Co., 55 Maple St., Rensett, Iowa.

weTare sellinc

  Buttery Fan Motors #1.25 to	*10.50

   lluttary Table Lumps, $3.00 to	10.00

   Telephones, Complete, #'2.50 to	II.25

   Electric Door Bells, !5e. SI. $1 .35	1.50

   Carriage and Itievetc Light*. 75e. lo	5.00

   Lanterns K T'orUel Flash Lights, ”5e.	3.00

  #8.00 Medical Butteries	3.115

  Telegraph On I fits St.75 to	2.511

  Buttery Motors 75c. to	12.00

   Necktie and Cap Lights, 7:,e. lo	5 00

   Dynamos ami Motors. $900.00 lo	1.00
        Catalog free. Fortune for Agents.

Oliio Kleeli'ir lVnrks. Cleveland. O.

u. s.
LIQUID

 A.

 PISTOL

 Will stop tlx- mo*l vieloas dog (or
 uiiin) tvll lioul pennnncnt Injury.

 IVrfeetiy sufe to earry wllhont danger of leak-
 age. Fires and recharges by pulling the trigger. Loads from
 liquid. No cartridges required. Over IO allots ill one
 lug. All dealers, nr by mall, SVc. Uiihber-coveied holster 5C. eitra.

 PARKER, STEARNS & SUTTON, 230 South St.. Dept. F. New York.

 **

Mushroom Raising

  This book shows you the great profit in
  mushroom raising. It tells you how you
  can make money on a very small outlay.
  To all Interested, we will send I liis book
  free. Write before the limited edition
  is exhausted.

 UNION SEED COMPANY Irvc.'
 He lit. Kl, 104 llnnover St., Boston

I Turned Out S301.27

     —p. worth of plating in 2 weeks, writes M 1 Smith of T.i.
     (Ci (used --mall outfit). Rev Geo. P. Crawford uruos.

#7.00 first day. J. J. S. Mills, a farmer, writes,
n easily make STi im day plating. Tlios. Paiker.
leacher U 1 years, writes, " I made $9.SO
profit one day. f0.85 another." Putting
llusinos easi.lv learned. We Tench You
Free — N o Experience Required.
Everybody has tableware, watches, jewelry
and metal Hoods to be pla'ed. We plate
with Gold, Silver, Nickel, Bronze, Kra>s,

I	in,Copper heavy Plate—latest proccss
Outfit* all sizes. Everything guaranteed.
I.E r US S I ART YOU. Write lor Catalogue. Affency ami t Mt<:
F. GRAYS CO., PLATING WORKS. CINCINNATI, OHIO

Nn toy or humbug.

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The ARGOSV.
TILE AKOOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

FREE TRIAL

       of the

Viet on

  At Your
  Home

HIS MASTER'S VOICE

^ Great Suit Offer

  Cut this notice out anil mall to us anil ir we
  have no agent In your town wo will nen<l you
  FREE, by return mull, postpaid, a big assort-
  ment ot cloth sample*, fashion figures cloth
  tape measure, order blanks, eto., and we will
  name you prices on men's line made to mea.su re
  clothing that will be so much lower than you
  ever heard of that It will surprise you • terms
  conditions and privileges that will astonish
  you; a tree trial offer on a suit for your own
  use that will make you wonder.

 WE WANT A QOOD AGENT IN YOUR TOWN

  He can make 81.200.00 to 81,800.00 per year. If
  yon write us before we get an agent there you
  will get a wonderful offer. As soon as we get an
  agent In your town ho will get a prolit on every
  dollar we sel'In his territory. We then turn
  all our business over to him. That's why our
  agents muko so much money.

  If you wunt u suit for yourself, answer quick
  before we get an agent there.and you will then
  get all our great inducements, or if you would
  like to be our agent toll us all about yourself.

 Address: AMERICAN WOOLEN MILLS CO., Chicago.

  The
  Modern

 Business Necessity	CAPACITY 999.999.9M

  The famous Calculating Machine. Enthusiastically en-
  dorsed the world over. Rapid, accurate, simple, durable.

        $100.00 would not take it from me. It is all you claim. —

        It. A. Carver, Tnnj Center, If'icmnifn,

        I do not think the $375.00 machine can be compared with
        y«»ur $5 (10 machine.—R. G. MalhiU, Arara, Lamfchnw,

        Have found it entirely etpial to any of the high-priced
        calculating machines.—IK. J. //imi, Visa! in, California.

  Two models: oxidized copper finish, $T>.00; oxidized
  silver finish, with case, $10.00, prepaid in U. S.

   Write for Kr**r Booklet und Sjieriiil Offer. Adonis wanted.

  C. E. LOCKE M'F'G CO., 55 Walnul St., Kensett, Iowa ,

BURN AIR—IT’S CHEAP TlSraT

           Consumes 395 Barrels of Air to one gallon
           of Kerosene. Penny fuel, burns like gas. hottest
           fire, won’t explode, saves work and fuel bills. No
           wood, dirt, ashes—no wick, no valves, easy
           operated, handsome, durable. Grand
           cooker, baker, quick work, cool kit-
           chens. 13000 Harrison Wickless,
           Valveless Oil-Gas and Air Burners
           sold 1 month. AGENTS WANTED
           - $40 Weekly. Greatest MONEY
           MAKER. Guaranteed, ail sizes, sent

_ anywhere, $3 up. Write, FREE

 proposition, 30 day trial offer.

WORLD MFG. CO., 5009 World B’ld'g, Cincinnati, Ohio.

  A 1.1 volumes of The AKG05Y previous tu the beginning o[ '.lie monthly
  form. April. 1894. are out of print. The remaining volumes, all neatly
  bound in cloth, are veritable treasure houses of entertaining fiction. 75 cents
  apiece plus 35 cents postage, eic.ept Vols. XVIII to XXIII, inclusive,
  which n»t f 1.00. plus jo cents postage.

TI1K KIM NK A. MCSSKY ( Olll'AM, f latiron Biiildmff, Klftll A10., New York

$

A MONTH

For 6 Months

   To any reliable party, property owner, or holder of
 steady position, responsible business man or farmer,
 we will ship on approval our Victor Royal Talking
 Machine and your choice of one dozen Victor records.

   Terms: after 48 hours trial at your home, then

o

 From parties who will assure us of
 their responsibility we require no
 t - ■ deposit; no C. O. D. payments: no
 leases or chattel mortgages. Return
 machine at our expense if not entirely satisfactory
 after free trial at your home.

   820 is the lowest net cash price for which this outfit,
 a genuine Victor outfit, can be bought today any-
 where. There is positively no way of securing this
 outfit spot cash for less than $20. and we are willing
 to sell the same to responsible parties on installments
 without even charging interest on payments.

    There Is nothin? like a Victor Talking Machine to cheer up
  the home. It delights the old and the young. Tbe variety of
  its music and its recitations Is unlimited; choo-e your own
  records and we can satisfy your taste for band music, orchestra,
  opera si tigers, comic dialects, patriotic -Jrs, hymns, religious
  recitations—whatever you may wish. There Is not a person
  high or low. old or young who will not derive more pleasure
  out of a Victor than he can imagine before he has it In his
  home. You know the Victor Is tlie best Talking Machine
  made, and this Instrument will play any sized disc record.
  There Is a clearness, brilliancy and variety to the Victor Talk-
  ing Machine possessed by none of Its Imitators.

   You want one now during the summer time to put
 on the porch and sing for you or have some one play
 it in the house while you sitouton the lawn listening.

  NO MONEY IN ADVANCE. Write at once for
 free catalog and list of 2000 records.

TALKING MACHINE CO.,

107 Madison St., Dept. 22 S, CHICAGO, ILL.

 PQPP to those who already own a Victor, sample
 ■ 11 Cab package of our new- iion-wrnlchltie needles.

0 MORE GRAY HAIR

                                                                           IS POSITIVELY
                                                                           NOT A DYE

“DeLACY’S FRENCH HAIR TONIC

                     and is perfectly harmless. It is sold on a positive guarantee to restore gray
                     hair t< • its mtiir.il and original color in from 1 to 3 weeks; stops hair tailing
                     out in 21 to -IS hours, no nutter what tlie cause may be, and not only removes
                     but absolutely etires dandruff. A perfect tonic and dressing, neither
                     stickv nor C’i'easv. $1.00 a bottle. Your money back if it fails.

                      Sold I", druggists or will be sent bv express to any part of the United States,
                      charges prepaid l\\ DeLACY HAIR TONIC CO., 5th and Franklin, St. Louis, Mo.

advertisement on Ihit page it is desirable that you mention The Argosy.
■ low hooii will the* Hour, M Inutc unit Sccoud lluml
nir u lii npiMiir i*o u u 1 «ll*tsincc« upiirl (after time above

Watch Problem

Hammer the Hammer

  We figure that every man who
makes this test, means an average
of three new customers—himself and
at least two of his friends.

  If you want a revolver that will
not go off by accident, then get an

Iver Johnson

SAFETY	REVOLVER

     AUTOMATIC

Bang It

   on u

Table,

Drop it.

Kick it.

 II	;s mine:

it —

    Like all really great inventions, the
 Iver Johnson Safety Principle is very
 simple—the safely lever upon which the
 principle depends, is entirely inoperative
 except when the tri{J{*er is pulled —
 then it is raised and receives the revolver
 hammer’s blow and transmits it to the
 firing pin. Simple, yet safe.

  Our Free Booklet, “Shots”

 goes into every detail and explains why it is
 also accurate and reliable — gladly sent 011
 request together with our handsome catalogue.

     For sale by Hardware and Sporting Goods
  dealers everywhere. The name is on the
  barrel and an owl's head on the grin.

 Hammer s5 -- Hammcrless *6

IVER JOHNSON’S
Arms and Cycle Works
140 River Si.
Fitchburg. Mass.

New York Office: 99 Chambers St.

 Hamm

 No fear ol
 Accidental
 Discharge

THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

N

O

COLLAR

button

 Rolled Plate Buttons

retain luster for years—have a
layer of gold rolled on—not a
mere wash like other plated
buttons. Cost a trifle more but
never break nor look cheap.

Sold by leading jewelers and haberdashers.
Booklet on request.

KR.EMENTZ (& CO.

80 Chestnut St.

Newark, N. J.

   ’A

$10500

in Prizes

Everybody

is

trying it

   lo.oro watches arc offered to tin- to,no. people w in. send r
llu> eorreet solution of Sam l.oyd’fi lngersoll Wat eh l’roblei.
before September 1st. ltmo. No entrv conditions are inun'se
Send yonr answer right in. $1)00 in ' ash pri/e.s sire offered i
addition to the above c ontest to owners id Ingersul] U ni.lm
It, when you semi your solution, yon enclose a S-eetd ,'tiiin
we will send you an acknowledgment of vonr solution ai
formal entry blank and conditions of the cash prize contest.

   Awards w ill be made Iu accordance willl Sain Loyd’s f>'1i
non. Inuers.ill Wat.'lies keep accurate time and are ooai
anteed. Sold by dealers every where, or postpaid bv us for $l.<i

ROBT. H. INGERSOLL U BRO.

246 Jeweler*' Court, New York, N. Y.

 Can
 you
 do it ?

in answering any advertisement on this page U is desirable that you mention Thh Akgosy.
THE ARGOSY—A D VERT TSENG SECTION.

Under the
Strongest Light
The Prudential
Shows Strongest

r THE ^
PRUDENTIAL

HAS THE

 STRENGTH OF
 GIBRALTAR

The Strength of the Prudential

 has upheld thousands of families in the time of
 bereavement. If that time comes to your family, a
 Prudential Policy will guarantee them protection.

      Do not leave your family unprovided for.
 Write for information to Home Office, Dept. 98 ,
 and you will be told how easily and at what
 small expense you can provide now for the
 future of your family.

THE PRUDENTIAL

  Insurance Company of America.

           INCORPORATED AS * STOCK COUPiN* ay THE STATE OF NEW JERS6T

 JOHN F. DRYDEN, President.	Home Office. NEWARK, N.J.

    In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention 1 he Argosy,
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

    ^ternalrona^orrcsPon^ence Schools,
                stK.v.vroN, PA

PI*a»e aenn ^■yTbooklet, "lOOl Storlea of Siiccet*,1'
explain!*’ 1 ean qaal’fj' for the position
-wlilcli I rnive ruarkod X

 1

  Art vert|»|n((v rlii-r
  t Ur«A rlter
  ,V	Tioimtr

  JiOot kee*

 sssa*?

 ArchlW
 Ar«Utt'«t
 Nn»r»p» |»*r IiluMratar

  ?kil Pnpi r Dniener
  Ivll Service
  hemlnt.

  'ommerc I u 1 Law

 Electrician	~ T

 J--1 *'«*. linllwnjr R«jpt.
 KI‘o. Lighting Bwpt.
 M-oh. J-.nrlivrrr
 Cl* 11 F.«cIncor
 Huneyor
 Mining Enirlnffr

       -t lira I Engineer
 illdlng Contractor
 •iftBii PI umbor
 (ill* Engineer
 KtPtliMinry Engineer
 Hrldgt Engineer

  iU I II III |

  IS tract
  <Biilld!
  ^Forei*

| Name .	. iV'fJs-CAS

 j Street an'! NV._

 City.

 . Staic_

v._........................._.....^

 5\je<

 e*-

 \\\*

 -CSV

 ^>°v

 \o'-

  a**-

  .ce

a*"*

Ve

 <e<

 ce

l c.

 o' _

 =,e'

 iVO

V

 rfjc®

 \o

                     cJlC?

 MO^ x „ ^ , -.Av^

International Correspondence Schools,

ltoi HOU. SCRANTON, PA.

Please explain, wlthont further obligation on my part,
liow 1 can qnalify for a larger salary In tlic posi-
tion before which I have marked X

'-<*** 4o

a

*<*™»VoVV

 Bookkeeper
 Stenographer
 Adiertltrmriit Writer
 Show ford Writer
 Window Trimmer
 Mvrliu. IlrautrlitMman
 Ornamental Dnlguer
 Illustrator
 Civil Service
 ChemUt

  Textile Mill Sunt.
  Electrician
  Elce. Engineer

 Telephone Engineer
 Klee. Lighting Supt-
 Meeliuu. Engineer
 Surveyor

 Stationary Engineer
 Civil Engineer
 Building Con I ruetor
 Architect PrnughUmnn
 A reh lleet

  .*>trupturnl Englueel
  Itriilge Engineer
  Koremiin Plumber
  kilning Engineer

X ’c° t

\ov'

Vot

&

A

 \Ve

 C-O

 VJ

■

 Street and So.___

 -»ty —

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention Tub Argosy.
 The Regal is a ^
Square Deal Shoe

     The success of the entire Regal
 system is based on the plan of giving you
 the best shoes $3.50 can buy ; of making- that
 $3.50 buy more than it ever bought before, and

of selling every shoe we make direct
at one fair profit.

 1 here has been no deviation from this plan all through, but
 , has been a good deal of development of it. We have not
 only produced the best shoes sold for less than $6, but we
 have proved it. We have adopted ever)- means that we
 have been able to devise to prove the Regal
 qualities before purchase.

             W e have worked out a system of Quarter
             Sizes that gives you just twice as many fittings
             lo choose from as you have had in any other shoe.
             We have equipped the Regal factory with a
             complete outfit of special lasts for making Ox-
             ford shoes—a new method that makes the
             Regal Oxford fit like a glove at the ankle
             as well as at the toe, never chafing at
             the heel, never “gaping” at the sides,
             and never sagging under the arch.

                          THE STYLE BOOK

                                         illustrates and describes their.,—and tells you
                                         all about the Regal Mail order system of per-
                                         sonal attention and guaranteed fit by maiL
                                         Sent free.

Book "M" for men. Book " Y ” for women.
Book “ S ” Special Spanish Edition.

                                               Regal shoes are delivered, carriage prepaid, any
                                               where in the L'nited States or Canida, Mexico, Cuba,
                                               Porto Rico, Hawaiian and Philippine Islands; also
                                               Germany. Japan, Norway, Belgium and all pointt
                                               covered ny the Pan els Post System, on receipt of $3.75
                                               per pair. (The extra 25c. is for delivery.)

Samples of Leathers on Request.

 REGAL SHOE COMPANY, Inc., Mail-Order Departments:

 iN, MASS., 509 Summer St..	NEW YORK CITY, Dept. B, 788 Broadway

  iw ATT jinnsn V	Factory. (U Whitman, Mass.. Box 9"*: I.ondon, Eng., E. C^9T Cheapside.

                          Dearborn St.. cor. Washington. Chicago, 1U.	820 Market St.. ban Francisco. Cal.

  SUB-STATIONS: ( B18 OliveSt.. St. Louis Mo. 631 Canal St., New Orleans, La. 6 W lutehall St.. Atlanta, <_»a.

          —|p	93 STORES IN PRINCIPAL CITIES

                 Largest Retail Shoe Business in the World	‘ V

 REGAE
NO STROPPING-NO HONING

THE MTTNSEV PRESS, NEW TOBK.

J	A.

 Ask your dealer for the Gillette Safety Razor ; ho can

 procure it for you. Write for our interesting booklet which
 explains our thirty-day free trial offer. Most dealers
 make this offer; if yours don’t, we will.

Gillette Sales Company

1154 Times Building, Times Square, New York

_:__

SOLD

everywhere —-—	M,IM, —:wiimgCTgffKE3

fc*bw.Win	> ■■■«-„w-n.

from 20 to 40 times before dulling — when dull throw away.

12 new wafer blades for #1.00. .Less than cent a shave.

Ask Your Dealer Acc%SJEw.

size of
razor
fand velvet
'lined case.

This is the razor you
liave been meaning to buy
— that your neighbor has
already bought.

Til IS is the razor that is
as d, ;;ertn( from any other
razor as smooth is from
rough. Made as true and
fine as a watch.

With the Giilette Razor,
shaving at home or when
traveling will be found a
comfort, not a torture.
Saves rime, money, delay,
and the barber habit.

Adapts itself to any beard,
shaves as smooth as velvet,
never pulls, scrapes, cuts, A
or even irritates the most,
tender skin.

 12 Blades
 24 Skarp
 Edges.

$5

 COMPLETE